and in theory we're back live on three
different platforms here sorry about
that that was human error there are a
couple of buttons I forgot to
push it will be the best the best live
stream you've ever seen uh I just want
to make sure that the YouTube people and
the XE can hear me can you give me a yes
on the
sound can anybody confirm that we have
sound on these platforms
I think we
do all right yes YouTube's working good
that's all we
need let me mic up and we'll be in good
shape sorry about
that all right where was I so Menendez
just having a bad day because his
girlfriend is allegedly somebody who
participated in orgies with underage
girls on Epstein Island but uh she's
just alleged remember what I say about
private citizens the fact that she's
alleged to have done these things
doesn't really mean a lot does it you
know when it comes to epine Island there
have been plenty of fake
claims so I would say that we should
give her a break and assume that
although there are allegations when it
comes to abtin Island don't assume
anything's true you know unless you got
a lot of
confirmation
Mike covich is uh I guess his new movie
is about to be out or maybe it is out
called
meaning now if you said to yourself Mike
cerovich what's he doing making movies
well maybe you didn't see his first
movie ho I don't know if it was his
first but his most recent one was called
hoaxed um when that came out by the way
I was I was in hoax I was one of the
people interviewed um that was just one
of the best films I've seen I just
thought that was so well done and
apparently the same crew is doing this
movie called
meaning and it's the only thing I've
been look forward to in terms of movies
it's like the only movie I've looked
forward to in maybe two years I can't
remember the last time there was a movie
and I thought oh can't wait to see that
maybe Top Gun Top Gun was
good but I cannot recommend this highly
enough I assume the I I believe the
content is about the meaning of life
which could not be more relevant at the
moment so absolutely guaranteed we're
going to talk about it so it's your
homework to go watch meaning by Mike
cernovich and his
grouw well have I told you too many
times that what I want is a phone that
does not present me with a big screen of
apps so when I have something in mind I
want to do I've got to Crawl Through the
apps and I've got to always resign up
and you know my password is wrong and I
can't figure out the interface and
they've updated it since the last time
it takes me three different apps to do
anything and what I said was you know
maybe AI can solve
that uh and maybe it can solve it by
simply having us say what we want and
then the phone just sort of does it
without bothering us with the apps and
now there is a company making a product
called rabbit phone I just watched an
extended advertisement for it so it's a
phone like it's a little squarer than a
phone is you have phone's kind of
rectangle so it's this little square
kind of cool looking device it's got a
camera and the screen but apparently you
just talk to it uh or you can type on it
but mainly you talk to it and it does
the app stuff for you so you can say
things like hey can you book me a trip
or plan me a trip uh I'd like to do this
or that on this day and you know make
sure it's luxury accommodations and
there's three of us and and then it just
goes off and it figures out which of
your apps does that kind of thing
because you have to still have to have
the app in this model but you don't you
don't have to open the app you just have
to give it give rabit your credentials
once and it'll open it for you so then
it'll come back with questions and you
can update it and say change this blah
blah blah and that's exactly what I want
let me give you an a specific
example um I'm replacing I had this
outdoor barbecue built-in area that got
filled with rats the rats built a home
under the barbecue in the Cabinetry so I
just had that all ripped down because
there's just no way to fix it basically
and I'm going to replace it with just
some standard outdoor kitchen that you
buy from Home Depot or something and it
be one of these just metallic outdoor
grills and sink and
stuff and I have a special need which is
I want it to be L-shaped and I I want to
specify which what's on each side so I
go to the the big outdoor grill selling
website barbecue something and they have
about 100,000 CH uh about a 100,000
options no more than that because if you
combine different things probably 10
million
options do you know how long it would
take me to sort through 10 million
options it's actually not doable it's so
not doable I'm considering not replacing
my outdoor barbecue because I don't know
when I'm going to have a week to spend
shopping for a barbecue because
every every component has its own
decision all right well there's 100
different grills and then with each line
there's 100 different models within each
line
and how does that compare and which
features and then how does that so it's
actually
impossible now the company the company
does offer you know some services to
help you put things together when was
the last time you had a
satisfying contact with the company's
service
department
ever I I just look at the fact that yeah
I I get that they have a group I could
call and I get that they're going to
like answer all my questions for me but
I just don't even want to try because I
know that if I do a
chat have you ever done the chat with uh
the service department of anything
lately let me let me describe what the
chat goes like hi I would like to you to
answer this specific question here's the
specific question what what did they
come back with ever once have you ever
seen in a chat one of those Service chat
CHS have they ever answered the
question no the first Contact will be
it's great to see you what's your name
and what brought you here the so that
that's what happened when I was talking
to the barbecue people and I said can
you just answer the question can you
just answer the question I'm not here
for conversation just answer the
question yes absolutely can I look into
it so I say yes I'm looking for
something that can do a b and c all
right here's something that could do a
no I said I need something I KN I can
find something that could do a on my own
I need something to do a and also B and
also C all right here's something that
does c no you're not getting it a plus b
plus C all right here's something that
does B and C no no no no a plus b plus
C I hope you're having a good day we're
working on it
and then you want to kill yourself right
so I want
AI to deal with their AI That's probably
operating the chat I I assume their chat
is some combo of canned responses and
and a person who dipping in once in a
while I don't want to deal with that you
know so much I don't want to deal with
that that I I would not even use that
company I would just try something else
now by the way I'm imputing them before
I try because if I called them i'
probably get really good service if I
could ever get
through so I want AI to solve all of
those problems of dealing with other
people I don't want to deal with other
people any ever again I want to be like
Howard Hughes where you couldn't talk to
how Hughes but you could talk to
somebody who might be able to talk to
him that's who I want to be it's like uh
I think we'll call Scott oh good
luck there there will be no calling
Scott that that that's off the table
well we'll email Scott oh nice try there
will be no emailing Scott well we'll
send him a text nice try there will be
no messaging Scott you can message my Ai
and if you can get through it good luck
then I'll talk to you and you know what
my AI is going to say to you the first
time you text
me well what brought you here today what
caused you to want to talk to Scott
I hope you're having a nice day and then
after it says I'd like to ask Scott if
he could schedule this podcast do you
know what I'm going to have my AI say
then I'm going to say absolutely we can
schedule this speaking event and then
the person will say no no not a speaking
event I wanted it's a podcast absolutely
a speaking event plus a podcast we can
book that no no no just I just want to
book in for the so that's what I'm going
to do I'm going to have my AI be the
biggest
 no I'm not I just think it's
funny well I don't know if it's because
AI is going to change the uh nature of
the smartphone market but unusual Wales
reports that Apple uh iPhone sales in
China FS fell 30% in the first weeks of
2024 according to
Reuters now here's my problem with apple
now I'll remind you that I do not give
investment advice but full
disclosure uh I held Apple stock for a
number of years but I got rid of it
earlier this year because I no longer
trust that it's the Monopoly I thought
it was uh I invested in it because they
had such a solid hold on the market that
kind of it was just printing money and
that that was true for years but now ai
makes everything kind of I'm not sure
and then China makes everything that
could be trouble so suddenly the the
certainty of Apple printing money by
just upgrading to the next slightly
better iPhone is not as obvious I don't
know if that's why sales are going down
in China probably it's more has
something to do with China but um I do
see this rabbit phone or things like it
changing things a lot now here's the
question for
Apple you know that at one point Apple
was primarily
or exclusively a computer making company
and then they went into the uh music
business with their iPod and that's
because they had a guy named Steve Jobs
so Steve Jobs created the company saved
them once by coming back from Nex
computer and back into the company so he
sort of reinvented them then he
introduced the iPod and that took them
to a whole new place and then he
introduced the iPad and the the smart
phone and that took him to whole new
places now
what what what did uh Apple just
introduce goggles VR
goggles let me uh just test your
emotional response all right I'm going
to test your emotional response remember
how you felt the first time you knew
there was something called an
iPod do you remember how much you wanted
it probably a lot do you remember when
the iPad got invented and you're like
whoow that looks really cool I feel like
I have to have one I I felt like I had
to have one and I didn't even need one
it didn't even solve any problem it
solved no problem I wanted that thing I
mean I really really wanted one I've got
like five of them now now how about when
Apple um did the
smartphone the original smartphone was
absolute garbage it couldn't even make a
phone call literally if you had AT&T
service you couldn't hold it in your
hand without your finger uh canceling
out the antenna and dropping the
call it was a terrible product do you
know how much I wanted one I really
really wanted it like I really really
really wanted it so so far every every
product that Apple has made in my
lifetime from the original Lisa
computer I really really wanted it the
first Apple you know the first Apple
what was it Apple two or one or whatever
I really really wanted one of those back
in those days and every product they
made since then with the exception of
what was the first product I didn't
really really want from
Apple the
watch what was it about the watch that
was different from all their other
products it was their first product
after jobs left wasn't
it wasn't it the first product after
jobs and yet it was the first product I
did not crave like just irrationally
wanted it and now there's these goggles
so now they've got a $3,500 set of
goggles do you know what my emotional
feeling is about the
goggles
[Laughter]
nope I I don't even have a little bit of
Interest the the most interest I would
have is if I were standing in a room and
somebody said hey put these on it's cool
I would put them on just to say if
somebody said to me hey if you drive
across
town I I'll show you how this looks I'd
say across
town I I don't I don't care that
much so I don't
know how Apple finds magic again because
in my opinion they have not yet found
magic without Steve Jobs would anybody
disagree with that uh characterization
does anybody
disagree oh the airpods were amazing
I'll give you the airpods yeah I'm going
to give you that one I did want the
airpod well I didn't want them as soon
as I saw it I don't think I wanted the
airpods the minute I saw them because
they look kind of
goofy but once I tried them
uh they were amazing now I can't use
them anymore is there anybody else who
stopped using airpods because it tickles
your
ears anybody else have that
problem I had to stop using them they're
very addictive
but very uh
problematic all right so we don't know
what's happening with Apple but it's a
riskier business that it used to be I
think uh zubie had a funny comment about
the British Empire
um and he was he was riffing off the
world of Statistics showed a list of
countries that have never been invaded
by
Britain it's a it's a comprehensive list
of every country that has never been
invaded by Britain turns out it's not
very long
list they had to add the Vatican to the
list just to plump it up a little bit so
Britain has never invaded the Vatican or
Vatican City I
guess but
and most of the countries that they have
not invaded are ones that you've never
even heard of or little ones like you
know L lonstein they they haven't
invaded lanstein
yet yet but here's what zubie said of
course he's British so he can say this
he says I have a theory that the entire
British Empire thing was really just a
quest for decent weather hot women and
tasty seasonings and it all got a bit
out of
hand it all got a bit out of
hand uh I've been following zuie for a
long time and Rus his finest tweet or
post that's a good
joke um there's did you see the video of
a jewelry store in Oakland in which some
people came in to Rob this jewelry store
in Oakland and the proprietor sort of
saw them approaching and knew that
something was up so he had his gun ready
what transpired was a major gun battle
in the middle of the store in which the
uh proprietary you know I think he got
off I don't know at least nine or more
shots and I think the bad guys two of
them got off something like 20 different
shots one of them had a gun with some
kind of extra magazine capacity you know
an illegal firearm with like extra
shooting ability so they really they
really just had it
out now there are some fun parts of the
story to the degree that people shooting
each other is fun but not only did the
proprietor get the the best of the
exchange so he shot one or two of them
and you know they they managed to leave
but as one was leaving uh he was struck
by the getaway car so the getaway car
was trying to leave without the
getaways and the guy runs out of the
building already shot and his getaway
car hits him now to be fair that's
funnier than it is if you saw it CU if
you saw it he didn't he didn't get like
hurt too badly but the the bumper you
know caught him in the leg and he had to
it probably hurt a little bit so uh so
what's the most shocking and uh
fascinating story about the jewelry
store in Oakland that was attempted
robbery and there was a shoe de what
what's the most surprising part of the
story go the most surprising start of
story is
uh the cop took away the owner's gun
that's true there's no charges no
charges there were no deaths that's
interesting yeah thank you we got the
correct answer on locals the most
surprising story
is there's a jewelry store in
Oakland in the year
2024 hold this in your mind for a moment
just put this in mind there's somebody
in Oakland
who thinks it's a good
idea to have a jewelry
store in Oakland in
2024 now that's the first part of the
thing that's too amazing to believe but
wait wait wait there's a better part
there's a better part if you think
that's amazing that somebody actually
thought that running a jewelry store in
Oakland was a good business model it
gets funnier wait for
it there were two criminals in
Oakland who didn't realize that anybody
who still runs an oak a jewel ReStore in
Oakland is number one arm to the teeth
and number two the bravest
in
America hey I think oh Rob hey there's
did you real do you know there's a
jewelry store yeah we still have a
jewelry store I know I don't believe it
either but we better rob it before
somebody else does because it's not
going to last long so we get our
guns and get your illegal magazine thing
too where we're really going to have
some good guns we're going to run in
there catch them off guard and take all
their
stuff if they had had maybe a business
consultant and I don't know if there are
Business Consultants for criminals but
they need them because crime is a
business model too you know ultimately
so if I were the business model I would
said all right what what's your plan you
know knock over a Je jewelry store in
where in
Oakland well first of all I don't
believe you that there's a jewelry store
in Oakland in 2024 all right well okay
there is so you're gonna go in there
with your guns and uh you're Rob them
okay here's the problem with your plan
anybody who's still running an a jewelry
store in in
Oakland is looking for a
gunfight that's not somebody who woke up
and said you know I'd like to avoid any
trouble today no that's somebody who has
multiple guns and was expecting to use
them exactly the way he did so I
wouldn't mess with that jewelry store is
what I'm
saying did you hear the recent news you
yet again some study that said
hydroxychloroquine according to a meta
study caused 177,000 deaths because
claim these researchers it was a wrong
drug to be taken if you had go ahead do
you believe any of that no do you know
why you should not believe this study
because it's a
study and it's about the
pandemic so th those are the two most
bullshitty things in the history of the
humanity it's a scientific study so
right off the bat there's a 50% chance
it will won't be reproducible right off
the bat just because it's a study that's
that's the actual average now what kind
of study is it it's a meta study it's a
meta
analysis now if the only thing you knew
was somebody did a metaanalysis what
would you know it's
metaanalysis is like horoscopes is is
somebody deciding what studies are good
enough to include and it's really the
deciding what's good enough to include
an opinion
that gives you the result that you
get plus there can be big studies that
bias you know because they're bigger
than the averages So Meta analysis is a
complete but so they did a
study which is they did a meta
analysis which is and it was
about the pandemic and everything about
the pandemic is
 so is there anything else wrong
with it oh yeah Joe Rogan asked Robert
Kennedy Jr about it and K explained that
they they only used the
hydroxychloroquine uh with really sick
people which is the opposite of how
you're supposed to use it so yeah if you
over subscribe the wrong drug at the
wrong time to the wrong people you're
going to get a bad
result which had nothing to do with
whether hydroxychloroquine could work
the way people imagined it could which
is ahead of time now I don't know if it
worked or didn't work and you know why I
don't know
because it's a study because there's a
metaanalysis because it's about the
Pandemic those three things guarantee
you don't know anything You' just be
guessing so I don't know did I Reon
work let me ask you are you certain how
many of you would say you're certain
that in the fullness of time with what
we know now how many of you are certain
that itin was effective against Co
I'm seeing yeses I'm seeing
NOS don't you know that ivin has been
shown to be effective you know how do
you know how I ivin was shown to be
effective they did a
study that was a meta
study in the
pandemic that's how they
know have you learned anything
have I taught you
anything there's no way to know if I
from back in
work you don't have any way to know
there is no way to know now if you
guessed it did you might be right if you
guess it didn't you might be right if
you guess that maybe it worked in some
cases and not others you might be right
you think there's any way to know there
is no way to know you you can talk to
people who anecdote
thought it helped that doesn't tell you
anything you could look at a
metaanalysis a study
the pandemic everything's no
don't believe anything I think there's a
good chance that ior Beed worked so you
know if you put a gun to my head and
said all right you there's only two
choices you if you get it wrong you
die probably
say I mean I would certainly use it just
because it wouldn't hurt me I mean the
the risk analysis is very clearly in
favor of it but whether it actually
works I don't know oh we got our glitch
34 Minute glitch we'll never know what
that
was in St Paul Minnesota CBS News is
reporting uh quite gly that uh they have
only women on the city council now so
lots of people of color and all women no
men how was this news treated if you had
uh all women on a city council did the
news say God we we're going to have to
add some
diversity going to need to add some
diversity to this city council right so
that's the way they covered it
right because it's the news and the news
is very interested in Dei and diversity
right what what am I getting wrong if
it's all women there must be some
problem here I I've been taught that for
50 years I mean every time I wake up I
find that if it's all man it's a problem
if it's all white it's a problem
if there are too many Asians getting
into uh good colleges I'm told that's a
problem by some people so wouldn't this
be a problem if you have only women on a
seven Council
membership no that's okay how did the
news cover it Go Girls you go girls
maybe this will fix everything the first
uh order of
business is they're going to change the
name of the city from St Paul to St
Pauline
it's going to be St
Paulina no not really not really but you
were going to believe it were you okay
tell me the truth how many of you were
prepared to believe that anybody I'll
bet at least one person said
really because isn't it just as it's uh
exactly as ridiculous as everything else
in the
news by the way the chat has completely
stopped yeah so the chat seems to have
stopped on all of the other streams
except
locals um is everybody locals who can
confirm the stream is
working does anybody have another uh
device
open it's
working is the chat working for other
people but not
me
oh okay so as long as you Chatters are
happy then I guess I'm happy too but
let's see if I can maybe clear that and
see the
comments no seems to me that is a
doornail sorry can't see your comments
but I apparently you can see me somebody
says YouTube is
dead
H uh it's a YouTube comment you were
wrong all right well you some say
YouTube's fine I don't know we'll just
forge on um I saw a uh post from pichy
Keenan who apparently is getting some
DMS from Pilots people in the pilot
world because you know people are
worried that the pilots won't be good
and here's what um some Pilots are
saying that the so-called Dei diversity
hires are of course newer Pilots so they
would not be as skilled as the older
ones but as long as the new pilots are
paired with some Boomer who's
experienced you're probably going to be
fine because that's how people learn to
fly they they fly with experienced
Pilots but the experienced Pilots are
retiring in record numbers because
they're
Boomers and the question is what happens
when the you know the people who really
do have the experience are no longer
sitting next to the people who don't
have the experience are you going to get
two people with relatively light
experience and then are you going to be
in trouble now I remind you that when I
talk about the incompetence problem and
the Dei H hires and the diversity hires
I'm never talking about their
genes or anything about their race it's
just math if everybody's trying to pull
good employees from the same limited
pool somebody's not going to have enough
so it should it should result in massive
and competence if you're just trying to
do Dei Dei the way it was designed if
all you did is Dei the way it's designed
it
should by Design guarantee the end of
the country because it would drive your
uh capability level lower and lower
because your priorities would be on
looks instead of uh
capability now I'm quick to point out as
uh as others do that the whole point of
Dei is that you're not picking people
who are lesser
qualified but in the real world and in
2024 we're allowed to say this nothing
like that's going to happen in the real
world there just aren't enough people
for everybody to hire to get all the
capability you need so it's not really
possible in a practical
sense all right Mark Zuckerberg uh did
the best failure to read the room that
I've seen in a long
time so think about the problems in the
world think about your own life you know
whatever problems you have and then
consider that Mark Zuckerberg decided
that posting the following message on
his uh platform was just fun and
interesting and it wouldn't bother you
at all and he's posting that uh over
there in Hawaii in his compound in
Hawaii he's growing special cows the Wu
and some other kind of special cows that
are good eaten and he's feeding them
only macadamia nuts and that he grows on
his own Plantation and some kind of beer
I never heard of that before but is that
a thing feeding cow's beer because it
makes them tastier I guess that's the
thing so makes his own beer on his
property and and they grow their own
macadamia nuts and they feed them to the
cows and then he's proud to say that his
girls his kids uh they they take care of
the animals so they're learning to take
care of
them and then he shows a big old steak
in front of him on a plate as he's
enjoying his
meal
now I feel like those two children who
are raising the cattle as their pets
before they eat
them are going to be vegetarians by the
time they reach
College let me tell you one of the big
Reasons I'm a vegetarian it's not the
main reason I primarily do it just for
uh because I don't I don't process meat
very well but uh so for me it's just my
physical biology doesn't work with me
too well but uh I also worked on a farm
my uncle had a farm nearby so uh my
siblings and I would work there and have
you ever watched an animal be
slaughtered you you should try watching
that when you're 10 years old try
watching an animal be slaughtered when
you're 10 years old from start to finish
if that doesn't turn you into vegetarian
I don't know what will but uh yeah I was
uh I'm I'm still at PSD from that so
anyway um I didn't realize there was a
company that was almost ready to land on
the moon but they got some kind of fuel
leak so they're going to fly around up
there and try to get some stuff done but
they won't be landing in the moon um
what company is it it's uh astrobotic
technology and they parag green
spacecraft so there is a ton of space
activity that doesn't get as much
attention as space ax but there's a
whole bunch of people making Rockets to
go to a whole bunch of places there's
tons of
activity and I'm wondering what the Dei
policy on the moon will be because if
they don't have a Dei policy on the moon
I'm still looking for a place to go my
backup plan in case America keeps
getting more and more racist and I have
to leave so maybe the Moon Mars seems
too far
away all right have I were told you that
uh design is Destiny of course I
have and uh do you do you think that our
Congress is designed in a way that will
give you good budgets that focus on your
priorities do you think our government
is designed to do that no our government
is designed to waste your money and get
away with
it now not
intentionally not intentionally nobody
nobody thought oh that would be a good
idea but that's the design and you
notice the design because it's the only
thing that happens is they just keep
spending more and if they keep things
complicated you the public won't know
exactly who to blame or why because
you'll be like okay that sounded like a
good idea but can we afford all this and
yeah so the government is they confuse
Oly they can only keep their jobs
because you don't know what they're
doing the moment you understood what
they were doing you'd vote in new people
to do things you want them to do so it's
only the The Hiding of the useful
information that allows our govern
government to function the way it does
if you can call it functioning so now we
have the new Speaker of the House
Johnson who has agreed to a spending
level that is so high it guarantees the
destruction of the
country is that too far I'm not saying
that just this one year and that one
budget will destroy it but there's no
effort or energy toward reducing our
expens our expenses which are clearly
ruinous because we couldn't possibly
cover at all you know the budget that
were racking up the debt were racking up
so they Congress just goes to work and
then they do the things the way their
rules require and the the forces are in
place and then they come up with
something that can't possibly serve the
interests of the
people and we're not really sure exactly
what's going on because people don't
follow the news that closely if they did
they couldn't understand the
budget so we have a system by design
that guarantees America
ends unless we change something really
really basic about the design I don't
see how we could survive it's designed
to fail and we just keep waking up every
day and saying well I guess I'll eat
lunch it's such a big problem that you
don't know what to do about it yeah
Thomas Massie can complain about it but
then what the and I I repost his
complaint and then what nothing nobody
votes differently nobody acts
differently nothing because you can just
keep kicking that c
so in my opinion uh Republicans have
completely failed to do the job for
their um constituents completely failed
and apparently they're trying to not
shut down the the country
you know they don't want the the country
to shut down because they haven't agreed
on the
budget I don't know I'd be in favor of
shutting down the country if if the
alternative is guaranteed
failure to me that's to me that's a risk
reward
no-brainer you should definitely shut
down the country as long as you want and
as painful as it needs to be because the
alternative is worse we spend ourselves
into
ruin so designed to fail that's what we
are um so I guess the Iowa Republican
debates are coming up and it's only
going to be DeSantis and
Haley V ramaswami has a little quick ad
in which He suggests that your best play
would be to quote turn that off
don't watch it now now he gets bleeped
for the part but you can tell he's
saying it it's a it's a Snappy little ad
and his point point is which he says
that you're only being allowed to see
the two corporate
Darlings now of course you know the
rules require you to poll above a
certain amount before you could be in
the debate so that's what they would say
would be the reason but it is kind of
interesting that DeSantis and Haley
according to V would be the the two most
acceptable
Republicans that is a little that is a
little interesting isn't it or is it
CNN's rule it's not the debate
rule well well whoever rule it is so V
says just turn it off and don't watch
now I did not need that advice were any
of you even a little bit interested in
watching a debate between D santis and
Haley I can't imagine that would be
interesting or useful or would tell me
something I didn't know or would help
the country would make democracy richer
would would Grease the Republic would
get us a better result would get us a
better
candidate I can't see any reason to
watch
it literally no reason and I was worried
about it the other day because I was
thinking oh God you're G to expect me to
comment on the debate and I really
really don't want to watch it there's
nothing to watch there
now suppose V had been part of the
debate it's too late for that but
suppose he had I would definitely watch
it you know why because if a is in the
debate it's going to get really
interesting we know that you don't have
to guess that because he's already
proved that will be the case so yeah
don't watch I'm not
GNA um have you noticed that every day
you wake up and you look at the news and
you say uh oh Scott is gonna have to
explain what Trump really meant in this
story uhoh here's another one it looks
like Scott is going to have to to
explain why Trump is not a dictator uhoh
there's another one it looks like Scott
is going to have to explain that Trump
doesn't really mean violence is a good
idea uh
oh Al so all day long I look at the news
I'm like oh do I have to once again
explain what Trump
meant do you know what I never have to
do I never have to explain what V
meant and you I'm endorsing V forid
I never have to explain what he meant do
you know why because he can say it
better than I can unfortunately Trump
can't Trump can't explain his own
opinions better than I can explain his
opinions now Trump is more provocative
and he gets more energy and he
definitely knows how to rile up his base
better than I ever could so his his
skills are Transcendent in what he does
but it does cause this whole big problem
of people like me
being accused of terrible things because
he didn't say something as clearly or as
elegantly as maybe he could but VI has
been campaigning for a long time now and
anytime somebody tried to do that to him
where they Tred to misinterpret him he's
turned it into a new cycle and just
buried him just buried
him how many time we we just saw a uh
clip of President Biden giving a talk
and he was interrupted by heck
and he looked like he was shaken but
then he tried to do that thing that
politicians do like it's okay you know
let let them speak you know but not
really you know they're just yelling in
the audience nobody's really hearing
them and then of course they are
escorted
out so that that gives you the
impression that Biden doesn't want the
alternative view heard or yeah just it's
sort of an awkward thing and that's why
the protesters do it well now I think
we've seen the third example there might
be more in which V is at a public event
a
protester uh interrupts and then V says
I'll tell you what once you come up here
and say you're have your peace I'll
listen politely and then when you've
completely explained what you'd like to
explain to my crowd uh do you mind if I
give you my view so they can compare it
or words to that effect so he just did
it again you know that I couldn't play
the the clip but I could tell that he
had once again invited a climate person
up to give their opinion before he
debunked it now you know what I don't
have to do I don't have to
explain what V meant when he criticized
clo met alarmism because he said it
better than I could possibly say it I
never have to explain that guy yeah that
that's sort of the dog not
barking because it takes a long time to
realize the pattern is forming and the
pattern is no pattern the pattern of no
pattern is hard is one to spot because
you're thinking where's my
pattern where's the Press saying that V
said something crazy or violent or
racist nothing nothing at all and they
know that if they do there's going to be
a whole new cycle about them being
complete dis you
know completely
disgraced um professionals it's
not going to go well for them I love
that all right so uh President Biden is
defending his idea to tax the 55 biggest
corporations in America that pay zero
federal income taxes in
2020 but not anymore he
says
now do all of you understand why that's
a good idea economically to tax the big
corporations who were paying no taxes
everybody understands why the economics
of that are
good well he explained it
right didn't didn't Biden clearly
explain the purpose of this and why it's
good for the country because they
weren't paying any taxes what else do
you need to know that's the complete
story isn't it no it's really really
complicated do you know why companies
don't pay
taxes number one they didn't have
profits now that's not what's going on
here they had they had cash profits
probably but on paper no do you know who
else doesn't pay taxes companies that
are growing quickly and investing in
growing so quickly that they will be the
greatest companies America ever produced
and do you know why they don't pay taxes
because the government prefers they
don't in some situations and they prefer
they don't when the alternative is you
can grow fast and become much much
stronger and bigger have more employees
paying taxes pay lots of dividends yeah
and all those things are advertised over
time exactly So eventually the
government should get its money back
because at some point you stop investing
in capital assets and at some point you
start becoming a cash cow and that's
when you pay your taxes when you're a
cash cow now Biden I don't know if he
doesn't understand it or doesn't want to
or doesn't want to explain it
but did you know that this company
that's not paying any taxes does it have
employees if you've got a company with
let's say 10,000 employees and you're
not paying corporate income
taxes those 10,000 people got
paid and they have to pay taxes what
about the investors well they might not
be getting a dividends in the early
growth part of the company but they will
they'll all be taxable in fact tax twice
once on the company and once when the
individual gets it
so the companies that are not paying
taxes are because at some point our own
government reasonably said it's better
if they don't pay taxes under these
situations because they're growing
they're investing and that's much more
important to the country we'll get the
taxes
later right now are there also a bunch
of ways that big companies can
essentially avoid taxes in ways you
can't probably but uh I think he's I
think he's just sort of broadly saying
they're they don't pay taxes and
citizens pay taxes so they think oh
that's
unfair that's unfair because the
corporation doesn't pay taxes you know
what else doesn't pay taxes here this
napkin this napkin paid zero taxes
this napkin I pay taxes but you know why
the napkin doesn't pay taxes because it
never made
sense it doesn't make sense but if the
only thing you hear is that you have to
pay taxes but this napkin doesn't the
napkin doesn't have to pay taxes now you
say but Scott a napkin isn't like a
corporation yes it is yes it is and this
conversation a corporation and a napkin
are the same are not people people pay
taxes right the napkin shouldn't pay
taxes and the corporation probably
shouldn't you you could you could take
all taxes from all corporations as long
as they pay their owners and pay their
employees you're going to be pretty
close to fully
taxed all right uh here's Trump again
getting in trouble he's uh questioning
Nikki Hy's
citizenship because she was born to
parents who were not yet the citizens
themselves so she was born in South
Carolina which according to our
constitution makes you absolutely
guaranteed positively an American
citizen but because Trump questions
Birthright citizenship the idea that
just being born here makes you a citizen
he is bringing up the idea that maybe
Nicki Hy
isn't exactly quite as legally perfectly
as citizen as other people now this is a
shitty thing to do it's
unamerican and he's and he he creates a
situation for me where I have to explain
why he say something so stupid
well maybe it works you know maybe he's
in the primary and he just knows that
people will be you know a little racist
and you know might make a
difference this is just stupid
this is really stupid so I can't support
Trump on
this do any of you support Trump's
claims that Haley born in South Carolina
is not quite perfectly a citizen oh you
do so so you support it because you want
in the future that law to change or do
you want to travel back in time
and change the rules so that she's
illegal people say yes all so I guess
Trump is correct that there are a lot of
racist um a lot of he has a lot of
racial animosity apparently that he
could capitalize on so here's something
that uh you know this is why this is why
I'm backing
v v would never say
this in a million years V would never
say that Nikki Haley is not 100% a
citizen of the United States
and even though Haley is you know in the
public Arena and she's a politician this
is not really the kind of attack I'm
cool with I'm not cool with this at all
not even a little bit not even a little
bit so not cool and how did he not know
that this was not cool well maybe maybe
because the answers you gave me there
were so many of you who agreed with them
maybe it works but that's not good
enough for
me um president's also arguing
presidential
this is way more interesting than I
thought the presidential immunity now
the idea is that the president shouldn't
be um held legally liable for doing
anything illegal that's roughly part of
his job now a president could still go
to jail for you know murdering somebody
if he's president but if it's in the if
it's in the realm of His official
business um Trump argues that nobody's
ever been indicted or convicted and he'd
be the first one and that um there
should be a blanket you know guaranteed
immunity if you're doing any kind of
presidential business and he points out
in all caps if they take away my
immunity they take away crooked Joe
Biden's immunity without immunity it
would be very hard for president to
properly function he also says in all
caps without immunity it would be very
hard for a president to enjoy his or her
golden years of retirement they would be
under siege by radical control
prosecutors much like I am but without
the retirement which is kind of
funny but uh what do you think of that
argument let me just test you do you
think that's a solid argument that as
long as it's about his
job that there should be no no criminal
action well here's the problem you can
think of ways that it would be abused
right and here's the question to get to
that point
so he was asked
hypothetically um what happens if the
sitting president hires SEAL Team Six to
kill the political
opponent would that be
okay yeah would it would it be okay to
uh um have a hit on a political opponent
because you're in office well I'm not
sure that's a good example is it because
would that be official presidential
business what would be official business
about
that I I would say that that doesn't
count because that would not be nobody
would see that as a legitimate part of
the presidential function and if it's
outside the presidential function it's
just a
crime so I think the question was wrong
but I don't think Trump's lawyers
questioned the
question instead they said a qualified
yes that if Trump ordered a hit on his
political opponent his lawyer argues
that yeah maybe in that case there
should not be any prosecution for
murder and points out that you do have
the option of impeaching him first um
which apparently if you impeach and you
get all the way through the Senate
impeachment process that apparently some
say you can then break through the
immunity but then others argue that's
not true you know things that there
Supreme Court needs to settle so I don't
know the details of the political stuff
but I would add
this in the real world there's never
going to be a real problem with this you
know why because if you were a president
who did something so bad that the that
the public said you know what you really
need to go to jail for that it's not
going to be a winning play like no
president wants to commit an obvious
terrible crime in office that everybody
knows is a
crime you know unless they plan to stay
there forever as a dictator it's a
really really really bad idea to do
something that everybody can see as a
crime right do you think any president
would order a hit on a political rival
and think that would turn out okay
here's how the here's how the uh that
should have been answered your your
examples are ridiculous because no
president could expect to survive that
survive
it under this hypothetical that the
president orders seal T six to kill his
political
opponent whoever ordered that is not
going to
survive they will be killed they will be
murdered because this the system would
never allow that to go on like the
ordinary citizens would say all right
now we're going to kill you ordinary
citizens in fact not just one lone
gunman but you would see organized
groups of Americans say you know we
actually have to kill this guy we'll
kill him in office we'll kill him after
office whatever it takes but if a
president actually organized a hit on a
political opponent I would be on the
side of Killing
Him wouldn't you I mean I'm not saying I
would be involved but I would definitely
be I would be in favor of assassinating
my own
president under those conditions in fact
if you put me on a trial I would uh I'd
say innocent i' said no that's probably
just self-defense that president had to
be killed that was a Hitler situation
yeah I'm not going to convict somebody
from killing
Hitler and and if the president became
an obvious political murderer you know
to use this ridiculous example yeah no
they would be killed the citizens would
take care of it themselves and that's
why I think this is a ridiculous
question I do think um I'm I'm favoring
Trump's argument here I'm actually
favoring his argument that even though
it would protect you from actual real
serious crimes you're not protected
protected because you still have to live
in the real world you can never win
reelection your party would be destroyed
in the
midterms right you know you you'd
probably be assassinated by Seal Team
Six as soon as they were done and first
of all may maybe may I stop right here
Seal Team sex isn't going to do a
 hit in the United States against
a political enemy I I guess I should
have started there right it's the most
ridiculous thing the president is not
going to get the military to do a
political hit in the United States
they're not going to do
that anyway yeah it would be illegal in
aund different ways so AOS Which is less
and less a credible source of
reporting um reports that Dei is not
only popular in Corporate America but
it's growing and that reports of it
shrinking where people cutting budgets
are exaggerated and really is very
popular and could not be better
um 57% of 322 us Executives
surveyed in November said that um there
expanding it so most companies are
expanding and only 36 % are maintaining
them and only 6% might be cutting back
do you believe that do you believe axios
when they say that Dei is popular in
expanding
popular in what
way I don't think popular is the right
word I think they're
captured I think that if the Dei group
gets big enough then the entire company
is captured and they just can't do
anything so wouldn't it be easier to say
they're black mailed it's not
popular they're blackmailed they're
they're basically penned in they don't
have a choice yeah they're captured so
axios is just garbage at this point the
The Narrative that is popular is so
surfacy
obviously
stupid that you know it tells you what
axios is all
about and axios reports that Trump is
talking about more violence well let me
let me tell you what he said and you
tell me if axios is uh being a
legitimate news source or complete
 all right so they say
that the former president Trump warned
on Tuesday following a court appearance
in its January six case that there will
be quote bedum to come if the charges
result in him losing the presidential
election um and then he then axio says
why it matters because they like to tell
you why things matter Trump's rhetoric
has turned um increasingly violent as he
VI for a second term in office while
under four
indictments is that what you see in this
when Trump warns that there will be
bedum does that sound like he's
supporting
violence to me that sounds like somebody
trying to avoid
it how in the world do you how in the
world do you interpret this as warning
violence
he's literally warning what to not do so
you can avoid the violence how about
don't do something that is so
awful and terrible and biased that
people are going to be driven to
violence isn't that like good advice
don't do something that would drive the
country to violence and that and they're
acting like he would love the violence
or something axios you're
crazy
but did I have to explain to you why
axio said something about VI that VI
didn't say no no axios doesn't do this
to the because if they did he would bury
them in the next new
cycle as he
does well uh today we find out there
might be five different things called
Alzheimer's and it would explain why
we're not having the greatest of luck
with uh treating it it it might be that
it there are five things that are
different but we've been calling it all
Alzheimer's
so that's just sort of a one of those
mind
Tweakers imagine waking up today and
finding out that my entire life people
have been saying you know this person
has Alzheimer's that person has Al and I
find out
today after decades that there was no
such thing as Alzheimer's there were
were five different things that maybe
have five different causes and five
different potential treatments like
that's that's kind of a big mind Bender
to me that it wasn't real I mean it
wasn't real like one
thing makes you wonder how many other
things are like that well a co-founder
of a company called Bloom Tech and the
CEO his name is Austin and uh he says
the Overton window is Shifting fast and
what he means is uh there a bunch of
positions that people take publicly now
that they wouldn't take
before uh then they were actually
Untouchable so here are the examples of
things that people now talk about in
public that they just couldn't do a year
ago Dei versus Merit correct aspects of
Co correct uh the validity and security
of
Elections correct the aspects of uh
aspects of trump and Biden yeah I guess
that's true uh the trans topic correct
and other other wouldbe conspiracy
theories correct yes I would agree with
all those those are all things which
people did not feel as free to talk
about but so much has happened that
somehow that's loosened it up and he and
he
um then Austin says I think it basically
comes down to the fact that for one
reason or another the likelihood you get
fired for taking controversial position
is true dramatically lower today what
caused that what reduced the odds that
you would get fired if you said these
things number one Elon Musk number one
Elon Musk not only the things he says
without getting cancelled because it's
hard uh but also of course the xplatform
that doesn't cancel you for saying
things and it doesn't uh apparently
doesn't try to depress you either uh
what else how about uh the fact that
lots of people who did talk about these
things got cancelled and none of them
died they all came
back Tucker came back um you know
Infowars still going strong I got
cancelled I'm back so I think the fact
that people got uh whacked but came back
and sometimes stronger uh does give
people little boldness yeah o'keef
o'keef is a good
example so that helps how about uh how
about the fact that a lot of people
reach the last straw I think the last
straw is a big part of it you know there
had to be people who went first so that
matters but don't you feel like the
whole too far got reached in a way that
we all feel at least anybody who felt
abused by the current system feels it
yeah I think I think we we just hit the
you've gone too far level everything is
absurd now the news went from my God
that's provocative and interesting or I
don't agree with it to oh that's kind of
funny it's just so stupid it's just so
stupid like I treat the news like it's
humor right the the the six women who
got uh who were in charge of St Paul I
don't treat that story like it's news
that's a joke because of Dei and
diversity and all that stuff so I think
people treating it like a joke makes a
difference I think we're closer than
ever to uh Republicans pardoning all the
January 6 people and I think the country
probably
knows that the January Sixers were
overcharged so now you can say it and it
doesn't get as much push back as it used
to partly because so many people are
saying it so there's safety and num
numbers but you don't get safety in
numbers until the first people go and
get
slaughtered but if the first people go
and get slaughtered and then they pop
back to life that's when the crowd forms
so that's what you're seeing now it's
the popping Back to Life part that's the
important part thank you Tucker thank
you X and Elon Musk and thank you to
locals and everybody who allowed me to
pop back to life so it's the popping
back to life it's really
important and uh I also think that the
the news has made it obvious that every
institution is corrupt and every news
story is
fake once you understand that everything
is a lie it gets easier to you know to
call it down so lots of things coming
out but maybe the
single uh well and there's also the all
the ethics and Biden crime family stuff
that's really hard to ignore no matter
how much you like Biden it's really hard
to ignore you know the bribery
allegations because they do seem pretty
solid um but here's what I
think I think Dad's
home or he's on the way I think um white
people in particular white men in
particular uh are just done we're just
 done and you could fire me you
can beat me up you can kill me but I'm
not going to lie anymore I'm not going
to lie anymore about what's obvious and
true and I'm not g to lie about how
people treat
me right so you're going to get some
truth if it takes me down it
does um I love the fact that both musk
and Trump uh are anti-ar Cuban not that
I don't like Mark Cuban I like him fine
but I'm loving this uh billionaire
battle you know from an entertainment
perspective
and I I just want to read again because
Elon Musk said this was epic but back in
whenever it was when uh Mark cbin tried
to buy a major league baseball team and
was
rebuffed um Trump tweeted this at the
time Major League Baseball was really
smart when they wouldn't let Mark cubin
buy a team was it his financials or the
fact he's an
 this is before Trump was
president you you could see his
presidential capabilities already and
then Elan musk just responded
epic and then somebody else called
present
witness said this about Trump uh the Arc
of history is long but it bends towards
Trump being right about
everything well I don't think Trump is
right about Nikki Elli not being a
citizen but I also don't think he's
serious about that so I don't take that
as a factual statement but
it does seem to be true it does
literally seem to be true that Trump is
just going to be right about everything
in the long
run which is funny now there's new new
news about hunter's art uh the
publication just the news is
reporting uh that there was some uh art
dealer guy uh who was talking about this
whole situation and um here's what we
know um most of the people buying Hunter
art are Biden
[Music]
donors most of the people buying Hunter
Biden's art are are Joe Biden donors
it's exactly what you thought it
was but even better when uh when the
White House was first challenged about
this like isn't this obviously a
laundering situation and the white house
uh John John Pier Kine ch whatever her
name is I can never remember her name
which is on me that's not a statement
about her Karin John Pier um if you have
three names don't expect me to get them
all in the right order every time don't
expect it all right so uh apparently at
some point in the past she had said that
there would be a an Ethics
standard which would be that you know
Hunter would never never be selling any
art to any situation that would be
sketchy because they were going to have
a process have a nice ethical you know
standard and they would always be above
that standard well it turns out there
was never any standard and nothing like
that happened it was just a complete
madeup bunch of
 um so yes so it looks like uh
everything you suspected about hunter's
art is exactly what it looked like you
know what else is exactly what it looks
like I think
everything
I think everything is exactly what it
looks
like oh I've got a battery problem why
is
that why would I have a battery
problem something got unplugged here
give me a sec this will only take one
second I got to check to make sure where
I got
unplugged there we go
fixed that would be my seventh technical
problem to fix this morning four faults
on my coffing machine
printer yeah okay oh and then the fault
that we have right now eight eight
technical problems just so far I hope
your day is going better well Rays um I
guess he did he plead guilty but he got
uh I think he pled guilty so Rays as you
know was one of the January 6
attendees and he got uh sentenced to one
year of probation so no jail $500 fine
and a 100 hours of community service
that who knows if he'll ever
do if you'd like to know how that
compares to other January 6
defendants
um they typically receive three years if
they fought it but closer to two years
in jail if they pled
guilty so now I don't I don't know that
he went inside some of them was went
inside maybe that makes a difference
and but somehow and even Elon Musk
posted this verdict does seem weirdly
weak weirdly weak how could you possibly
explain that rap's punishment seems to
be we don't know but it seems to be uh
less severe than everybody
else could it be the accusations that he
have fed were 100%
accurate can you think of any other
explanation for why his sentence would
be different than
others well I can think of
one I can think one one explanation
would be that the story we don't have
all the facts and then if you were in
the court you would said oh yeah this is
a little different maybe he didn't go in
the
building maybe he didn't go
inside maybe that made a difference so I
wouldn't rule out that maybe some time
in the next few days somebody will say
uh he was inciting that's true he was
inciting but everybody was
inciting I'm going to say in all
likelihood it's exactly what it looks
like um and here I do not blame Rays let
me be very clear if Rays was working for
the
government he didn't break any
laws and if this is the way that you
would clear him as a an
informant I'm in favor of it I'm
actually in favor of it I I think that
if he was working for the government he
probably thought he was doing the right
thing and if he needs to be protected
because the government should protect
its sources and if this is how they're
doing
it I think I maybe I'm okay with that
from the perspective of rabs I'd be okay
with him right just I'm being very
specific I'm not okay with the
government I'm not okay with the FBI but
as a citizen if it's true our worst
assumptions about him he was working for
the government maybe he thought he was
doing the right
thing um if that's true now we don't
have a confirmation that he work with
for the government but we do think that
uh the way the government treated
him looks like the government admitting
he was an
asset I I have to say that again just to
be clear the fact that he took this deal
does not tell you that he's an asset the
fact that the government offered it is a
very strong indication that they think
he's an
asset right so blame the government if
there's anything sketchy don't blame EPS
who is an American citizen and in all
likelihood he's probably just a patriot
he may have done something you don't
like but I doubt he did it for the wrong
reason or at least I doubt his thinking
was something you would
hate well Don Lemon has a show on X so
uh I think I already told you that but I
find that exciting not only because Elon
Musk is you know being true to keeping X
you know a platform for anybody who's
obeying the law uh but I'm actually kind
of excited about
it you when Don Lemon was on
CNN uh with everybody else who was there
I just assume they're doing what their
boss wants them to do so you know it was
very annoying and he was especially very
annoying but it always felt to me like
it was in the context of you know doing
the job as bosses want to do more or
less but I'm really interested to see
him on
tethered I want to see what his actual
real opinions are because you remember
we talked about this uh prior to CNN
getting super
anti-trump uh Don Lemon was a what I
considered a really useful and
honest witness to what's happening in
racial
situations um because he did talk about
uh black people needing to do more to
make their own situation better and I
think that was a good good place to be I
thought that was a productive place for
him to be as a leader so maybe more of
that I would love to be on his show so
if he's looking for guests uh I'd love
to talk to
him anyway there's a report that uh
Texas has spent more than aund million
shipping those migrants to other cities
that's Governor Greg Abbott and people
commenting on this said 100
million perfect
I'm not sure the reporting went the way
people expected I I think the
expectation was Republicans were going
to say what how dare you waste a hundred
million do shipping migrants to other
cities but I'm pretty sure that almost
every Republican who heard this news
said 100
billion that sounds about right I feel
like I got my money's worth if I if I
lived in Texas I would feel like that
was a deal wouldn't you I 100 billion is
a lot of money but remember they're
going to recoup that by not being the
cities that take care of those same
migrants do you know how that should
have been
reported let me tell you how this should
have been reported if it were not
 propaganda brainwashing you
ready the return on investment for
governor Abbott's clever political move
appears to be about 400% % according to
economists now no Economist said that
but if they had asked them hey can you
do you know figure out what it costs to
ship on average one migrant and then
figure out what it would have cost them
if they stayed and it we'll take the
difference do you think this was a good
investment or a bad investment well
because the reporting is so bad and
biased I don't know I don't know is it a
good investment or a bad investment
I but on the surface you know my
economics background and my my MBA tell
me that he made
money now the better alternative would
not be to deal with it at all but if he
had to deal with it shipping them to
another city that would bankrupt the
other cities feels like an investment I
mean it's political primarily but it
feels like it would have a positive Roi
so I think that's the way they now
imagine this right let's just do a
mental
experiment uh president Trump is asked
what he thinks about spending a hundred
million do to ship these people what
would he say oh we got to do it or you
know the country is in trouble and blah
blah I don't think that Trump would have
the perfect answer this he' just say
yeah it's worth the money now imagine V
being as asked the same
question he's going to say well given
what it would cost to house them the
return on investment is probably
positive you should be giving an award
to Governor Abbott now I don't know that
that you would say that because I can't
read V's mind Etc
but just consider the quality of the
answers that have been given so far
about this event and the quality of the
answer that you could give it's a
positive Roi that's why we do it we're
saving money for taxes and we're saving
crime and every other problem and we're
trying to end the
problem man oh man do I
want I I so want my candidate to be able
to handle these situations where what
they're doing is trying to confuse the
public and if you've got somebody who's
the best explainer of all
time then confusing the public is going
to stop
working
the is the best
explainer of all
time politically I've never seen
anything like it now RFK Jr is awesome
but he's got some baggage because of
other things he said that he's accused
of V doesn't have that baggage the
reason that they went after him with
fake claims about the wef and fake
claims about Soros some of you still
believe those fake claims the reason
they had to do that is that there was
nothing else you know he didn't have a
record so he was a little safe there but
you couldn't even attack him as he went
you you couldn't attack what he said on
Tuesday because it made sense and if you
did he was going to kill you on Thursday
so that's
different all right
uh Fanny Willis and her lover becomes
it's a great story so Fanny Willis the
uh AG who's trying to take down Trump
I get all the states at which legal case
is involved mixed up do you have that
problem are you all having trouble
keeping straight all 91 of the charges
against Trump in the four different
venues and and prosecutors and you know
all that stuff fton County DA all right
so Fanny wills and the Fon County DA so
the lead prosecutors are boyfriend and
the boyfriend visited the white
house uh and even charged even charged
for visiting the White House and
new uh new gingr said and this is
hearsay now n says make sure you know
this is heay but he got it from a great
great
source um he says that uh that Weiss
another
prosecutor God this is also confusing
now the special prosecutor or whatever
they call it but uh in order to hide the
story of Weiss who made the the
sweetheart deal to Hunter Biden which
was so embarrassing to the
administration they wanted to the news
to hide it uh the rumor is the hearsay
according to new Gingrich is that
um that Fanny Willis was told to indict
Trump no matter how late at night it was
and it was after 11: p.m. which would be
really unusual that they had to change
the new cycle because it was just
killing the bidens so that they had to
get somebody to indict Trump for
something like right away to change the
new cycle now if that really
happened that would
be pretty terrible uh but we don't have
confirmation of
that what else do we know and apparently
fny also visited the White House
anyway what if this situation is exact
ly what it looks like what it looks like
is the White House either fully
coordinated all of the state cases
against Trump which would look like a a
RICO case to me but I'm no expert or uh
equally possible the the various um Das
uh they knew what they had to do the
attorneys generals and the Das and they
simply did what they did as Democrats
but when they started doing it or they
started talking about doing it maybe the
White House communicated with them
coordinated in some way but it's still
just as bad in either case it would be a
coordinated
managed criminal Enterprise in my
opinion in my opinion jailing your
opponent and organizing with these
people to get it done and even giving
them threats and maybe incentives here's
what I really want to
hear I don't think we will but imagine
if we did hear that one of these
prosecutors was promised support if they
run for higher
office we will support you for higher
office because they all want they all
want to run for
office if you take down
Trump or if you even act like you're
taking them
down so yes it's probably exactly what
it looks like it's probably a gigantic
Rico like WEA it's technically illegal I
don't know but it looks like a rol like
coordinated Democrat
attack to take the leading
candidate out of the
race it looks exactly like it's
everything it looks like it Hunter's art
is just what it looks
like uh Joe Biden's mental
capacity is probably almost certainly
exactly what it looks like
what if everything is exactly what it
looks
like oh I forgot one
point uh the one point about uh Trump
saying that presidents wouldn't be able
to relax if they didn't have immunity do
you see the real play there because
that's actually way more clever than it
looks right so Trump is saying that if
you don't give me immunity for what I
did in office no president in the future
could assume that they would have
immunity I would imagine that Joe Biden
has more potential crimes that he could
be prosecuted for after office if you
had a trump
Administration
suddenly you don't think they'd find
some crimes to prosecute Joe Biden for
and then what would people say oh you
can't prosecute Joe Biden for crimes
while he's in office is that what they
say because he's going to take away that
argument himself so I think that when
Trump brings up then no future president
would be safe here's what he's really
doing this is funny he's guaranteeing
that the Democrats can't change out
Biden because at the very least Joe
Biden would have to say
yes he has to say yes because he's still
is President and he can stay in the race
if he wants to you can't physically
force him to get out of the race
so Trump has created a situation where
the Democrats want the thing they want
most is to get rid of Biden so they've
got a chance of winning because even Jen
uh weager said today that there's a 100%
chance that Trump will win that's a
Democrat right he's running for
president he was trying to but Biden's
keeping him off the the primaries as
well so he's trying to run but even a
staunch Democrat Trump hater is saying
Trump has a 100% chance of winning so
now Trump can guarantee that he wins
simply by guaranteeing that Biden's own
party's rules which they're saying hey
we can prosecute this guy for acts in
office could be applied to Biden which
actually Staples Biden to the campaign
he can't leave because it Trump is
saying very clearly that Biden will go
to jail if if anything happens to Trump
and I'm down for that by the way totally
in favor of that if Trump goes to jail
for something he did under his official
acts as president and it's not ordering
a hit you it's ordinary
stuff then I'm absolutely in favor of
jailing the current president for the
rest of his
life would you agree if if Trump goes
down you it's just an opinion I don't
have any control over anything obviously
but in my opinion that would be the one
and only case where I would be
completely in favor of jailing the
current president once he's out of
office jailing him for the rest of his
life I think that would be completely
acceptable and you know what the Biden
family is completely aware of that I
don't know what Joe is thinking but
certainly Jill Biden knows it Hunter
definitely knows it they're they're all
getting go in jail not Jill but you know
I think Hunter and Joe would end up in
jail
and
alternately if they if they could change
course and maybe they can't uh you could
imagine them changing course you can
imagine uh Joe dropping out but not
until all the charges against Trump have
been
dropped then you could imagine things
going back to normal but the Democrats
are going to have to go first
the only way I could imagine Joe Biden
getting out of the race is if he had
first agreed with the the states to drop
all the
charges
or yeah to drop all the
charges but let me ask you
this how many of the charges are
federal is there anything that Biden
could pardon Trump for
because that would really help because
my perfect situation is Trump gets
pardoned if there's anything to Pardon
if there are federal charges and uh and
that Biden does not go to
jail and we just kind of move on and try
to make things
work anyway oh shoot I've been g a long
time uh the hoodies are uh still sending
missiles and they're still getting shot
down in the Red Sea but the only thing I
wanted to add to this hoody story
is that they're trying to destroy these
ships in the Red
Sea so you know what I call
them hoodie and the blow
ships that's right not the Blowfish the
blow ships H hoodies and the blow
ships all right I think that's an
upgrade we already had hoodie in the
blow fish and that wasn't
bad but hoodies in the blow ships
better all right ladies and gentlemen
thanks for joining I don't even know if
anybody on YouTube saw any of this sorry
about the technical problems we'll fix
all that by tomorrow I'm G to end the
stream say goodbye see you tomorrow if
anybody's listening at
all