all right everybody you probably already
heard the news by now president ex
president Trump has been shot it
appears uh he was shot during the rally
appears to be alive but
injured uh he seems to have been had
some
blood shots fired we're waiting for
information yeah president Trump has
been
shot at the rally
[Music]
I don't quite know how to process just
yetc president Trum tonight instead the
headline is something much more serious
we wait to see what has happened at this
point he is gone from that location and
uh we know that um folks are there in a
stunned silence they have questions who
knows if the crowd is being controlled
at that point or locked down it's
possible as uh law enforcement would try
to make sure they have that situation
fully in hand and able to see who may
have been responsible for what happened
there president Trump has been shot at
the rally we don't have details he's
alive um he's injured there's blood and
he was quickly taken away there's no
suspect yet several shots
fired we're
watching we don't have
updates
yeah a lot of you are joining so I'm
just going to rep rep myself president
Trump has been shot he's alive there's
blood we don't know anything else about
his condition except he he was standing
up when he was left I think the shot at
least one of the shots knocked him
over because he went
down they don't they're not talking
about a perpetrator yet there were
snipers on the roof to protect him
[Music]
Shannon to tell you the truth I think
everybody here is so shaken up and
confused on what's even going on we
heard several gunshots we saw some smoke
in the front so for kind of turn where
we saw it it would have been on on the
side of the stage here while the former
president was referencing the legal
immigration numbers kind of pointing to
that graph all of a sudden we heard
several pops and then he was on the
floor we saw the Secret Service move in
we saw uh people walking in with the the
federal authorities with their arms uh
drawn their guns and then also all
throughout the hours leading up to this
we saw these snipers up here on uh the
roof there trying to survey the crowd
and make sure everybody that came in was
checked and uh that's what we see when
we go to all these events especially
when the Secret Service is involved they
check as many people as they can people
were out here for like 12 hours almost
waiting some of these people uh we don't
know if the person who fired these shots
was into the crowd Mixon uh after former
president Trump was moved off that stage
and rushed away and the motorcade left
this is on Biden we did see some this is
on bid and possibly State Police moving
in again with their guns drawn it
looking like they possibly took somebody
in for questioning or custody we
couldn't see but there was a lot of
movement over there to the other side of
the stage that was after the former
president was carded off he yelled
Shannon as you might have heard during
those remarks after they picked him up
he said let me grab my shoes um I mean
he had fallen to the ground they were
trying to do everything they could to
make sure that he was okay he walked off
the stage and before he left he pumped
his fist uh into that crowd and
everybody started cheering uh make
America great again but to come to these
events right when you see the Secret
Service you know there's possibly this
risk uh for the former president to come
in um when there's these big crowds but
they really did everything they could it
looked like to check everyone we went
through uh several metal detectors you
know they check your backpack uh they
wand people down um and it takes a long
time for those people to get in because
they're so thorough so at this point not
sure if this person who fired um either
a weapon or it almost sounded like you
know I didn't it was just some type of
little pop like pops like explosives um
and then to see that smoke
uh come up we'll have to figure out
exactly what what this was that was
either thrown or fired um but to see the
president on the ground there and you
know people were crying when they were
leaving and very
upset yeah it is shocking and very
upsetting regardless of how you feel
about President Trump this is a moment
nobody wants to witness in our country
Alexis please stand by we'll be
continuing to return to you but we have
now uh turned back this video so we can
again take a look at what happened um
again it is going to be troubling to
some folks I would caution you that
we're going to rck what happened here
when President Biden or excuse me
president Trump had taken to the stage
and was speaking this is what happened
[Music]
ready on
you they got to lift him up he's heavy
got I got you let me get my
shoes out
[Applause]
got
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so that is a look again at what happened
just moments ago in Pennsylvania you can
see President Trump as he was leaving he
was lifting his uh fist he was walking
on his own he was being assisted out by
Personnel probably had a vest
on I assume he had a vest
on oh he had been the head
his ear hard to tell if he was struck by
something or what exactly that was about
but um
obviously oh my god did they miss his
head by an
inch I think he felt the bullet go
by how did nobody behind him get
shot more the forcing him to the ground
for his own protection but he clearly
was uh fully
Conant and aware and speaking and
raising his fist to the cheers of folks
as he left want to check back in with
you I didn't see any blood yeah so I
think one of the things to point out is
that people heard pops that's you know
we were saying in the beginning like you
don't know exactly what it was that we
heard um but it sounded like you know
possible fireworks or explosions it was
multiple Pops in a row and the screaming
you hear below fer I'm gonna have you
kind of show here um these are kind of
just some people that are no nobody's
Hur in the
background it couldn't have been a
bullet because it would have had
somebody in the
background I'm not sure he got
shot when they secret Serv to in and
prot
people Place full
en I I didn't I'm not sure he got shot
because none of the bullets into the
people in the
background if there's no other injury
there's something else going
on are you s
blood hold
onve m the former president actually
drove in on is behind that red so there
is some open areas in the neighborhood
and the house back there so in terms of
if the person even had to be in the
property I don't think so because you
could have thrown something like a was a
firework or some type of something like
that right over the fence so I think it
just really caught Everybody by surprise
in terms of him grabbing his ear when he
came back up I don't know exactly what
kind of injury he possibly had but he
was able to say to them you know let me
grab my shoes and then tried to walk
away with dignity tried to send that
message by putting up his fist and
telling the American people and these
voters here in the swing state that he
was out here to connect with them and
talk about improving America back to the
White House this is always something you
kind of think about when you're going
through security and getting wanded you
know how they have to be so careful when
it's something so important up on that
stage and there's so many people they're
in
close yeah I can't see that little image
going by because I can't expand it on
the on Rumble you're so right I mean
there's never anything short of the
fullest of security and um we want you
to be safe
check back with you in just a minute I
want to bring in Fox News contributor
former NYPD inspector Paul Mor um Paul
gosh I mean we just don't know the
details of exactly what's going on here
but we know the level of law enforcement
that is involved every time there's a
movement of a secret service protecte
your thoughts as uh we are just starting
to learn a little bit more about what
happened here Paul well first thing I
would say off the top is that we should
remember that in any incident like this
of the first 10 reports nine are going
to be wrong so we shouldn't
overreact and obviously wait for the
facts to come in it does look like he
stood up he was okay to the extent that
you know he ra his arms like strong does
look like a wound to his ear or around
his head oh was you know get any
injuries below that but you know he
seemed to be
fairly so you know there is that in
terms
of they shot him in the head but
why did nobody in the background get
shot
I bet it was a
drone I'm gonna bet I'm gonna say drone
drone with a
pistol so there's no way it was somebody
in the C
because they would the crowd would have
grabbed him and there's no way somebody
shot from the front and it went past his
ear because it would have had somebody
in the
back it it's almost like it was shooting
from above which means a
drone I would not be surprised if there
was a drone with a pistol on
it that's going to be my guess drone
with a pistol their job is to stand in
the Gap and to protect him and these men
and women do that every day for all of
their protes um like you Paul these are
folks who have chosen to serve and put
your yourselves in the way of harm
potentially and it seems like honestly
as he we rewatching this tape of what
happened um that we see him appearing to
be on his own
walking yeah his ear
was he didn't get shot in
the get him out of there I think he
wanted to reassure people that he was
okay and hopefully we will very quickly
get um kind of response but you talked
about the distinct sound of something a
firearm versus something like fireworks
I mean any of that can create Panic um
Can something that is short of a firearm
something like a firework or something
that would be not a gun as we understand
it also be capable of sustaining an
injury I mean certainly causing panic
here certainly could cause panic I mean
look likely in light of the wounds and
in light of apparently it was some smoke
spotted that it almost certainly seems
to be a fire fire but again we don't
have all the facts we have to take a
step back learned a long time ago
situations that are quickly developing
you have to keep your mind open proceed
it couldn't have been somebody in the
crowd there's no way they were in the
crowd I think that it's unfortunate to
say but having an ambulance standing by
on somebody who is according to the
report and likely be the next president
would be advantageous so you know they
had to force him into into an SUV to get
him out of there very very quickly
there's another aspect of this that I
would go to and it's just a Nuance in
all of this and that is intelligence um
a lot of people you can't catch it all
because intelligence is also a very
helpful field but I would just like to
know that the threats regarding Donald
Trump have been actually monitored
because um you know there are a lot of
people online who are acting very
injudiciously in my opinion and I've
seen some things that are very close to
threats and I would just like to think
that's not really the secret Services
BWI and that's something that others
should be doing in the federal
government and I I like that P that you
know the the sure you can secure the
site and Secret Service people are great
they'll throw themselves anybody who's
ever seen excuse me the Ronald Reagan
film of Reagan getting shot know how
quickly they react and how selfless they
can be but really you know I hope that
these things are scrubbed intelligence
wise on social media and elsewhere and I
hope there's a real effort on that
because this should just should not
happen man and uh I hope that they keep
an eye on it because you know frankly I
have said to people uh I know that I I
hope he's being careful because there's
a lot of rhetoric around him and a lot
of it is very very
unfortunate okay Paul real quickly
before we we were gonna bring in BR hum
as well but I want to ask you from a law
enforcement perspective what are the
odds that whoever this person was if
they were within this Gathering whatever
device they did have with them I would
assume that this person is in custody or
uh if this Secret Service assessed an
immediate threat could possibly have
been taken down in the moments that this
was all
unfolding I don't get whoever it was I
am going to say pretty categorically
despite my just saying that we should be
cautious that they'll they'll get them
you know the division of of uh duties in
the situation like this a lot goes to
the locals it will be the state cops and
the local cops who are involved in
securing the area Okay Ronnie Donnie we
see
you the cops are going investigation on
the scene immediately they will that
area that will be witness as
point I feel fairly that before
nightfall tonight if not already they're
gon know who did this and that person
will being hopefully there'll be no
further injury to
anything Paul we so appreciate your time
if you'll stay close uh I want to bring
in Bret Hume with us um Brett this is
the last thing that any American wants
to see it is a moment in um campaigning
that you and hope will never come it
looks like from what we can see in the
video that President Trump looks in good
shape as he's taken out of there U but
your thoughts on where we are in this
moment the tone of the conversation and
the debates well my thought Shannon
would be that it's dangerous to rely
entirely on early reports I've seen
photographs the president he's bleeding
from the area around his ear but I
remember VI so vividly when Ronald
Reagan was shot all those years ago ear
report seemed to indicate that he was he
was okay um and turned out he was not
okay and needed emergency surgery to
survive which he did happily but um
we're in the early stages of this now
let's be very careful about what we
conclude first signs are that looks like
shot did not do what it was intended to
do and that he may well be all right but
let's be very careful
here I'm not sure that was a bullet
absolutely that is the the best caution
we also always have to take like we said
people watching this video can see he
very much wanted to telegam to folks
that he was on his feet that he was
talking that he was motioning and
gesturing um but if this uh turns out to
be what appears to be some attempt uh to
hurt him uh to create Havoc potentially
at this uh event um Ducker was right
decades we know that there is always a
risk when uh folks are are out oh BR if
you hold on a second we want to go back
to Alexis I think they're going to clear
the area she's got I think a an
eyewitness with her so Alexis let us
check in with you real
quickly okay so we got to do this real
quick because now it's an active crime
scene so I just want to check in really
quick with you H what exactly did you
see I I saw president Trump giving his
remarks I heard the noises I looked to
my left hoping it was hoping that it was
a prank and it does not appear from the
reactions that it was when I look back I
saw the Secret Service up on the stage
protecting the president and doing the
best that they good just springing into
action like the selfless people that
they are did you see blood on his ear
above his ear above his ear it did not
look like he was bleeding from his ear
and everybody in front row we were just
all started praying for him and you took
cover I mean everybody up here too kind
of got down did you you didn't get down
at all did then when did you see move in
pretty quickly did you see the police
move in yes yes and I start
trying well lost
feed okay it looks like we have lost
Alexis there so BR I want to bring you
back and then we're going to check in
with Lucas as well who's traveling with
the president um BR you're just your
thoughts on um this moment and at least
what appears to be an attempt to do real
harm well I can all be grateful that we
haven't seen something on this before
after all we're living in a time of most
incredbly embittered politics oh my godh
the most controversial person in recent
history to run for president and indeed
to be president so here he is again
looking like the election may be headed
as well way with all we now know about
President Biden so I think it's worth
keeping in mind that this is a terribly
hard job for the Secret Service to do in
such times and it's probably remarkable
that something like this or closed to it
has not before a testament perhaps to
the effectivess of the security
protection that presidents and other
prominent public officies were
reported absolutely and these are tasks
that people willingly do every day they
go out and and protect their protes the
people in their care across the
political spectrum and without regard to
that I mean they are real heroes and
that they know in a moment's notice they
can be um pulled into this um how do you
worry Brit that this may change the
conversation um or do you think this
will shock people I think that's a hole
in his ear it looks like there's an
actual bullet hole in his
ear always hope that something like this
happens that that's exactly what the
effect will be people will stop and
think and say well maybe we don't need
to make all these poisonous comments
about people in public life perhaps we
don't my impression though is in the way
things are now that the new cycle move
so fast that feelings that arise out of
an event like this tend to be temporary
and while it may be true for a while
that the that the she
mean look will subside for a time it
would be nice if it would last a long
time uh I think it's too ear to get our
hopes up to
that well Brit um thank you for uh
dialing in please don't go away um we've
covered many a campaign and um this is a
day that we hope we'll have a um an
ending that is U much better than it
appeared it may be just moments ago um
always good to caution that we wait and
see and we are waiting a word um from
the secet chers from the Trump campaign
uh to find out the status and the
condition of President Trump who walked
out of there it appeared on his own I
want to check in with Lucas Tomlinson um
Lucas you were traveling with the
president as he is there in Delaware
this weekend not actively campaigning uh
any sense of a possible statement or
response from that campaign
today still no word of a perpetrator
caught at the
evyan could the the church minutes ago
anything about the reporter asking about
this quote unquote shooting which we
cannot confirm that a shooting took
place of course in Butler uh but the
president said no he was also asked
about this call with Senator Schumer
we're now told uh that President Biden
is back at his resid in ROV Beach we are
waiting to see if there's any kind of
statement and one thing oh you
 Biden
saying Biden's gonna Biden's gonna blame
Trump for it you know he
is before going in there um and we did
see former president Trump just going
off the video that you're showing he did
stand up on his SUV with his fist raised
it does not appear that he seriously
hurt but certainly here in ROV beach
with President Biden uh we are awaiting
if there's any kind of statement from
the White House and certainly if there's
any kind of on camera statement uh from
president bid
later okay and we're getting some more
still images that are giving us a little
bit more of a picture uh of what was
happening with President trump it looks
like there may be hard to tell but it
looks like maybe a little bit of blood
on his face but you can see him fully
capable fully in his
faculties well there's his that's his
new campaign ad right there quickly to
get him moving um and we will wait to
find out more about the details of this
um but as we continue to say these are
heroes immediately guarding the
president immediately um right there uh
actively doing what they do which is
pledge to protect anyone that is in
their care um Lucas please let us know
we we will Circle back to you if we get
any further reaction there from uh
Delaware or from within uh the Biden uh
White House or campaign as they are
learning uh probably more than we know
at this moment but certainly in real
time I think former DC homicide
detective Ted Williams is with us Ted
are you
there I'm here Ted I want to get your
reaction uh as a man who has uh worked
in law enforcement you know what it is
like uh you have a better sense than we
do probably of everything that goes into
covering protective uh people uh who are
in uh the the care of law enforcement at
every level primarily Federal when they
go out and do this as a former president
um your thoughts on what we've seen this
afternoon well you know Shannon this is
one of the worst nightmares of law
enforcement specifically the Secret
Service who are charged with uh
protecting the uh presidents and the
former presidents of the United States
uh when you got a large crowd like you
have here that uh former president Trump
was speaking before uh you have all
kinds of law enforcement channeling
around you have state local and you have
Federal and you have specifically the
Secret Service now if if you see the
various pictures of President Trump here
on the stage and how the Secret Service
moved in right away to get him off State
you can see about his face that there
appear to be some blood so there may
very well be some injury and uh we're
just going to have to wait to learn more
but this is something that our law
enforcement plan for but no matter how
much you plan for something like this
you never can get it 100% right if
there's someone hellbent on injuring or
president of the United States if you
remember some many years ago sh
in uh Laura Maryland George Wallace was
speaking before a crowd there and
someone in that crowd uh shot and
injured uh the presidential candidate
George Wallace at the time uh there are
always these incidents and they're
deeply concerning and
troubling absolutely I want to read
something just coming in um the former
vice president Mike Pence who of course
was vice president with President Trump
said says this in a post moments ago uh
he says Karen and I are praying for
president Trump and urge every American
to join us in that uh I am quite sure
that is what H is happening at this
moment for those who have witnessed what
we saw there today so Ted um we
understand listen Secret Service their
priority is protecting the president and
getting him out of there but now we've
got a crime scene investigation what
happens in the moments after we watch
all of this play out when it comes to
law enforcement and investigating what
just happened there at that scene
well immediately Shannon what happens is
that area in which the shots were
believed to have been f is now a crime
scene so what uh law enforcement is
doing is that they broke off that area
to preserve it now they're also trying
to talk to any and everybody in that
crowd who may very well have seen
something uh we don't know at this stage
as to whether they Tak anybody in
custody uh but what is happening now is
that you're going to find state local
and the FBI there processing what is now
a crime scene and so as a result of that
uh many of the B standards that are
there on that scene are going to be
perhaps Witnesses or to help law
enforcement to try to determine what
took place here this afternoon there
all right Ted please don't go far I want
to check in with my colleague Brett beer
uh joining me on the phone now um Brett
this moment is is shocking this is not
something our country ever wants to
experience or see may have lost breath
there let's check and see okay T if
you're still there boy the Reagan
comparisons just keep coming don't they
Carl let me bring in Carl T don't go far
um Carl the same question I had for
Brett there I mean this is this is a
moment that um you are always bracing
yourself for when people of uh this
importance and this magnitude and this
uh you know history and our our country
a former president when they take do you
all agree was a small caliber weapon
does it seem like a
22 from what you've seen would you guess
small caliber like a
22 Carl if you can hear me
all right I'm gonna come back to Ted
because I think he's still with us um
Ted you talk about the investigation the
fact that we now have thousands of
people who are potential witnesses to
this crime scene and how what is the
timeline for processing a scene like
this or identifying a suspect for
identifying what even happened because
you know we're going with the best of
what we can tell from um watching this
event a few times over on
tape well well Shannon there's really no
time or line or or a time period or a
process and they're going to
methodically take their time me and in
law enforcement to process this crime
scene to talk to individuals or who may
have seen anything they're going to also
try to pull as much of a video feed as
they possibly can to try to see what
took place there uh uh in Pennsylvania
this afternoon and uh it's a very
challenging scenario and situation that
law enforcement is face with but they're
trained uh to take on these kinds of
situations uh I would have to believe at
this stage that of course they know
quite a bit more than or perhaps they're
going to tell us the big question that I
want to know and I'm sure America want
to know is do they have anybody in
custody or is it just one person didn't
sound like 22 we found we can go back if
far as John F Kennedy when he was shot
there in Dallas uh it was thought to be
more than one person other than Lee
Harvey oswal if you remember and there
was a great a big investigation what
they're doing right now is preserving
this crime scene trying to find out as
much as they possibly can about the
shooter or shooters or that five maybe a
weapon there but I can tell you when a
president candidate is on the stage like
that normally they have bulletproof
vests on or and the Secret Service
bulletproof surrounding them and if you
notice there how fast the Secret Service
converged on Trump here was real
immediately okay uh Ted thank you very
much don't go far Lucas uh we're hearing
now from the Secret Service getting some
kind of reaction and update to what
happened what do we
know well Shannon we just received a
statement from the White House which
says I'm just going to read it President
Biden has received an initial briefing
on the incident at former president
Trump's rally it's notable Shannon that
they're not calling this is shooting
right now and the Secret Service also
out with a new statement saying quote an
incident occurred the evening of July
13th not calling it a shooting the
secret servic has implemented protective
measures and the former president is
safe this is now an active Secret
Service investigation and further
information will be released when
available so the big takeway from there
sh Secret Service and the white are not
I think it was a low caliber weapon on a
drone call in'll stay tuned on one more
the app
station okay Lucas thank you very much I
think we've got my colleague Brett bear
with us now um Brett that latest
statement from the Secret Service saying
the former president is safe uh your
reaction to this moment unfold the
midle ca yeah Shan I'm on my way
actually to a plane to Milwaukee
obviously start our coverage tomorrow
night uh for the Republican convention
and this obviously a major surprise uh
reaching out to campaign officials and
officials around the campaign uh
everything we've heard so far is that uh
there's some kind of uh Nick on the ear
uh you saw the picture the closeup of
the blood on his face I think that a
hole everything we're told so far I
think there's a hole in the a okay at
this point you saw the Secret Service
move very quickly and Surround him in a
matter of seconds as you look at that
video and um you know it's reminiscent
of past presidents uh like President
Ronald Reagan uh and you you've seen
those images before U fortunately it
appears that this is not that and uh
it's interesting that the the White
House put out that statement uh there is
investigation ongoing but we're getting
it by the minute here most importantly
the word we're getting initially is that
the former president is
okay yeah I mean Brett that is the most
reassuring thing especially after um
seeing him there and and you know we
could hear the audio as the secret
server seemed very ready for him to get
moving and he's saying let me get my
shoes on pumping his fist for the crowd
trying to indicate it seemed like he was
walking off on his own um they were
shuffling him out of there and obviously
creating uh protective important around
him so um he may have been completely
fine to walk and maybe it appeared a
little bit uh slowed down simply by
their efforts to protect him surround
him and get him down those stairs and
get him out of there um we do know that
President Biden has been griefed um as
you said I mean we're here in milwauke
this is just a couple of days before
they officially began their kickoff here
um what do you think may be the impact
of this because we have just felt that
this country is so divided and now we're
looking at a moment um which to everyone
uh
every decent person in this country is
something they never want to see in any
political
route this is a moment where our country
is in a really precarious position you
know you have a Democratic party that is
uh I just have to take a moment to
appreciate Trump knowing that he needed
to get the
photo did you see how hard Trump was
working to get the photo and he got
it he got the photo photo of all photos
he he got the best political
photograph anybody's ever
taken that will be the most famous
photograph in all of political history
and he knew it and he was shot and he
still got the
photo that's a hell of a
thing I want to read this just coming in
Rook singman from us you know one of our
colleagues here at Fox has this urgent
statement from the Trump campaign saying
president Trump thanks law enforcement
and First Responders for
their he isine and is being out local
facilitys he's fine and being checked
out of a
facility
what so he's happened there at the rally
um it sounds like he's going to be just
fine and probably I would guess you
knowing him I knowing him as as many
folks know him probably more fired up
than ever to get back out there on the
campaign Trail yeah and I think that
just the indication that he wanted to
get up and and raise his fist uh in
after that moment uh I think was a an
image he wanted to portray um I think
there's a lot to know where where things
are coming
from he's fine absolutely um Brett thank
you very much safe travels um we will
see you here very shortly in Milwaukee
um excuse me I want to make sure that we
get to nationally syndicated political
reporter Selena Zito she is uh a
Pennsylvania she is somebody who has a
Pennsylvanian I guess would be the right
term she covers this state um border to
border knows it inside and out you were
there at the rally Selena can you tell
us what you
witnessed yeah so I was here the rally
been here since 12 o'clock this
afternoon I had actually met with the
president for a couple minutes before he
went out on the stage
um he was in great spirits we were to do
an interview after the the rally I was
in the buffer so um the buffer zone is
the um is the area where the um uh it's
like this narrow area that's right along
U where the president stands and as I
was um and all with other photographers
I heard something coming out sort of
from the left hand side and you saw the
Pres it um go down um and
immediately what I could hear him say
was um let me get my shoes um and and um
he um he got right back up um he I can
see him raised his fit um and then the
Secret Service and and and um military
or um I'm sorry law enforcement sort of
this is how uh this is
how this is how and uncovered
it here's the
picture and I'll read it to you Secret
Service rushes Trump off stage after he
falls at rally after he
falls they reported it as him
falling that that was the initial report
of
course anything about a person you
mentioned the direction where this was
coming from any of those details well
not really because the was in my eye so
I couldn't see I could tell the
direction it was coming from but I
couldn't see the person and then um then
the um Advanced man laid on top of me
and make sure I was okay so that's
that's what
um that's what that experience was
like but I know what that sound is like
so I knew immediately it was a
gun okay so for your assessment being
there being on the ground it was n a
firework or something like that in your
hearing of it it did sound like a
firearm oh yes yes definitely no doubt
about
it okay well we know that they she
sounds like she knows what she's talking
about there there's obviously a crime
scene investigation that's going on
there um Selena we are glad you're safe
please stay with us I want to check back
in uh with Brit Hume as we're learning a
little bit more Britt we've now got
statements from the Secret Service and
also from the Trump campaign that the
former president is safe that is
excellent news that is the best possible
news
um it doesn't take away from the shock
and the distress of whatever was
attempted there you heard Selena zto she
is now confident um as a gun owner
herself and somebody was an eyewitness
that this was a firearm I don't think
there's been much doubt about that
Shannon it's completely consistent with
the video that we've seen particularly
with that remarkable shot we saw where
the president flinched and raised his
hand to the right side of his head to
his ear and that's consistent with the
video we've seen of the blood streaming
from that area of his ear and face
um I think we can now trust the
statements that are being made to say
that he's okay all the video evidence we
can see including this picture that was
on the screen just moments ago of him
raising his fist and being Carried Away
by the Secret Service Group um confirms
that so I think this looks like
something that could have been much
worse than it is at the moment than it's
turned out to be and we can all be very
grateful for that indeed and very
grateful indeed as well for the Secret
Service they don't mess around as you
could see um president was trying to you
know stand up raise his fist SLE he was
okay and they were completely
preoccupied with the job of getting him
off that stage and into the motor
vehicle that took him
away exactly and we are now getting a
reaction we know that President Biden
has been briefed we're seeing statements
from a number of people across the
political Spectrum we just have one now
from Governor Kathy hokel out of uh uh
out of New York a Democrat clearly she
says any violence against a fellow
American is disgusting and unacceptable
we must Express political disagreement
peacefully civil and respectfully I am
praying for the safety and health of
former president Trump and all those who
are attending this event in Pennsylvania
um and we talked about somebody says the
suspect is down I don't know what that
means heated things have got well it's
certainly something to hope for Shannon
um you know we're in the heat of a of
intensely competitive presidential
campaign in which you know we've learned
things that we hope we wouldn't ever
find out about our current president
we've now seen an attempt on the life of
our of our past president and possible
future president so these are certainly
partless times in our nation's history
and these video these pictures we see
now of the president his face covered
with part with blood they going to live
with us for a long
time certainly are we're now hearing
also from the top Democrat over on the
house side Hakeem Jeffrey saying my
thoughts and prayers are with former
president Trump I am thankful for the
decisive law enforcement response
America is a democracy political
violence of any kind is never acceptable
I want to bring in former FBI special
agent Nicole Parker um Nicole uh you've
had a chance to see this as this plays
out um you and your fellow brothers and
sisters in uniform who do this by choice
and protect folks and jump into the line
of fire uh your reaction to what you've
seen and what we know so
far well first of all my um due respect
goes out to the United States Secret
Service they are the today um secret
service that is their job they put their
lives on the line you saw how they
rallied around president Trump
immediately in the aftermath and they
were willing to take a bullet for him
and that is what Secret Service agents
do and you know we haven't had an
attempted assassination of a president
in a very long time but I hate to say
this Shannon I am not shocked by this I
am not Trump derangement syndrome is
real people hate this man and they will
do anything that they have to to take
him out and that is a terrifying
statement Mak in our nation right now
but it is a fact with the counter
assault team the secret service has
a um the secret service has a counter
assault
team and usually about four to six ages
okay Nicole it sounds we like we are
losing you but let's reestablish
connection and then we will get back to
Nicole but uh for those of youve not
seen we want to replay for you what
happened moment ago probably 20 million
people and you know that's a little bit
old that chart that chart's a couple of
months old and if you want to really see
something that said take a look at what
happened I got you let me get
my switching to MSNBC I want to see how
they handle it
out let's see who the MSNBC host is
Who's
Live CU that's going to matter because
they're going to know this is on
them they will say it's on him but it's
on them
this is a real quote Biden said on July
8th we're done talking about the debate
it's time to put Trump in a bullseye ear
before being rushed off the stage by
secret service again his team says he is
fine and you could see that he raised a
fist into the air several times as the
Secret Service was moving him off the
stage but before all of this happened
what you're watching right now reporters
on the ground say that the sound of
popping noises were heard just moments
before Trump went to the ground we don't
know what the incident was we don't know
it was gunfire we don't know the source
of Mr Trump's injury but President
Biden's communications director stepen
Chong has just issued a statement it
says president Trump thanks law
enforcement and First Responders for
their quick action during this heinous
act he is fine and being checked out at
a local medical facility more details
will follow With Me Now NBC News
campaign embed Jake trailer he was in
the crowd there in Butler Pennsylvania
tell us what you heard and what you saw
Jake Chris that's exactly right it was
it was quite the harrowing scene that we
saw take place uh to to set the scene a
little bit from our perspective from our
purview uh we were in the pressin as we
normally are sort of in the center of
the crowd at a typical Trump rally like
it was there were a few thousand
attendees that seemed to be there uh we
were just a few moments into the speech
not really much had been said yet the
former president was doing what he
typically does at the beginning of a
rally giving a few pleasantries uh and
just talking to the crowd there were
then as exactly you described these Pops
that we seem to hear again unclear if it
were if it was fireworks if it was
gunfire we we are unsure of what exactly
it was I did with my own eyes see at the
top left side um of some of the stands
what looked like appeared to be a quick
pops of smoke when that fire took place
I was at the front of the pressin so I
was able to very clearly see the stage
and the side uh um um where a lot of
folks were seated as well that's where a
lot of the smoke came up now of course
it was a very quick scene that took
place there was uh a lot of harrowing
screams and shouts from the crowd as
obviously a scary scary we were not
quite sure what it was uh then very
quickly the former president was I'm
going to leave the
uh he was hit if it was just a
protective measure but he was on the
ground and within a matter of a few
seconds we've got a heavily masturbating
troll on Rumble I don't know if he can
see it but there's somebody who's just
repeatedly posting the same thing so
we're going to make him our mascot if
you're on if you're seeing the uh the
rumble feed so the uh the gentleman is
masturbating with one hand and posting
with the other is now an object of our
derision and our entertainment so please
keep doing it the more you do it the
funnier it will be until you come and
then just you know clean up and leave
please but enjoy enjoy we're we're here
for you just keep whacking it and
Publishing that same troll
thing because you're totally making a
difference in your worthless
life a while from theow just Contin to
be a lot of uncertainty and then the
former president was escorted off the
stage we then very quickly saw him go
into that motorcade uh and then we from
that point forward did not quite know
from where of course we did uh get that
statement from the Trump campaign as
well but but after that I want to note
that we were all in the Press pin uh of
course going live and beginning to
describe what exactly was happening we
were there for probably uh 10 10 to 15
minutes after it happened and then we
were told it was an active crime scene
and then all of the press all of those
in attendant were quickly evacuated so
there was a few moment
uh where there was just a lot of
uncertainty and and there wasn't
necessarily an escorting of everyone out
it was not declared an official crime
scene yet and there were just moments
that were truly uh quite harrowing
because we were not sure what exactly
had happened the former president pretty
quickly had exited and then there were a
lot of us just left there for a while
but then they declared it an official
crime scene they exited all the crowd
all the press out of it we are now
standing in the parking lot again this
is all in Butler Pennsylvania where this
is taking place we're standing in the
parking lot there are uh plenty of law
en now on the scene uh a lot of cars you
can see behind me that are trying to
exit the facility uh everyone here now
is safe I do want to again read that
Trump campaign statement that we have
from Stephen Chung the the the Trump
spokesperson that says president Trump
thanks law enforcement and First
Responders for their quick action during
the heinous act he is fine and is being
checked at a local medical facility more
details will follow that's about what we
have now that's the scene that I
witnessed with my own eyes again we're
now standing in the parking lot here in
Butler Pennsylvania uh there are there
are crowds of people being escorted out
what what happened to our masturbating
troll we were just starting to enjoy him
come on come on back come on
back trying to figure out more about
what is happening um there was that
besides that one statement we had from
the Trump campaign we've not had more
updates there quite yet of course as we
continue to get them we will continue to
update but that's what I was able to see
on the ground here we are safe it was
again quite the harrowing event Chris
but as of now we're in the parking lot
we're safe and we'll continue to report
on this as we have more hey it's good to
know everyone appears to be safe and of
course including the former president
but Jake keep us posted as you learn
more or if you have an opportunity to
get any information or observations from
other people who were in that crowd
today we are starting to get statements
coming in and and you heard Jake say
that there are a number of people's
we've got a video of an individual being
dragged out this
uh from uh the post Millennium here we
go
so there's somebody they've got like
wrapped in a blanket or something who
was you know very dead I think is being
dragged out who whoever it is they're
not worried about constraining them so
they must be
dead so but I don't know if that was a
shooter un it could have been somebody
in the crowd a got hit but I don't think
they would carry somebody in the crowd
like
that so
Sachs sax says there's not a braver man
in America than Donald Trump
so I'm looking at a uh comment on my
DMs and the comment is no Democrat will
run against Trump now Biden
stays it's true nobody's going to run
against him
now there's there Biden
stays I mean it could be kamla but it's
not going to be a third there there's no
nobody would
nobody's going to get on that
train
because nobody's going to get on that
train the train has left the station all
speculation and I agree with Kyle here
uh that all speculation about somebody
taking over that's that's now
over that's
over the Trump looks to be uh you know
while likely injured in in very good
shape considering the circumstance I
think the other thing is it's really
going to call into question what the
security situation was at this um one of
the things that everyone will probably
be asking and I definitely would like to
know is what kind of magnetometers or or
or other security processes were used
for people that went to this event or
was this person really whoever the
shooter might have been whatever the
device was were they
outside somebody heard one of the agents
yell shooter down so they they may have
gotten the shooter
in action they may have taken them out
going through piece of camera and TV
possible trying to Nar down everything
that happened there in the last few
minutes and I'm sure you heard me read
the the statement from Josh leiro saying
not only are State Police on the scene
they're working with Federal and local
law enforcement who would be involved in
this and who takes the lead in a case
like this
Clint the Secret Service I would imagine
would take the immediate lead in the
investigation because that is their
mandate is to protect the president and
everything around it the FB would be the
natural uh point of contact for also
running any additional leads and then
state and local law enforcement which
were probably already on the scene
assisting in terms of you know building
that cord down out and keeping
everything uh safe because in any of
these incidents you just don't know just
like all of the actor shooter cases that
we talk about on on air here you just
don't know if it was one shooter
multiple shooters were there
accomplishes were there other things
going or were there other plans to maybe
do a more extended attack the m
masturbating troll is
back he's just yelling it was Melania
over and over hey masturbating troll
thank you for joining uh we are going to
use you to mock as the stupidest person
we know so just keep doing that hope the
drugs are kicking
in hope you have a cleanup Rag and why
this person did it if you could stay
with us please I also want to bring in
Christopher o former FBI agent
Christopher I wonder what your
observations are as you're watching the
scene all right finally a professional
this video over
again yeah so I said c hit on it um it's
speculation if it was gunfire or not uh
although uh in my experience that sounds
a lot like it and it sounds like it
could have been multiple calibers and
with the addition of secet multiple
calibers way down uh it indicates that
secret service likely immediately
responded to whatever happened and
that's what they train do um they are
the best in the world at protection I
would uh venture to say that their
procedures in this rally are the same
that they are uh and every other event
that they they do everybody would have
been screamed going in uh the president
was likely put behind the podium because
it's a ballistic Podium and they would
pause him there until they have the
situation under control and then
immediately evacuate him and he's at a
hospital that they already pre-cleared
so they had a route that was already run
to that hospital they know that they had
trauma surgeons there if they were
needed and Secret Service agents
standing by at that hospital to
immediately address what the the
situation was with regard to the
investigation as Clint said the the
first and foremost the secret service
has the lead in this unless or until we
find out that there is a motivation of
political violence or terrorism if this
is a mentally ill individual uh like the
the attack on President Reagan it will
stay absolutely in the Secret Service
Lane if it turns out to be somebody
who's
uh I'm going to go
private with the local subscribers
now and uh we'll say goodbye to the rest
of you and I'll we'll check in with you
in the morning but locals Stay With
Me
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for