we're live we Nal rant and if the
indication from the post on X is any
indication at all there's going to be a
lot of people here today because I've
never seen people so excited about
anything I was doing and apparently has
to do with you so I think you've been
doing a few of them this is you know I
go for the scarcity bit if there's
anybody who doesn't know who nval is uh
let's say entrepreneur investor
philosopher Mentor uh you we run out of
rooms there there's there's not enough
names for you what do you what do you
call yourself if like when if you had to
introduce yourself do you just get
clever and say say like the joke version
or what do you do you know it's hilar
it's funny you say that because I used
to uh you know when I was really young I
had the oh I'm an entrepreneur I had
this company I'm the founder of this
right as a resume speak uh midwit resume
speak if you will and then as I got
older then I did these self-deprecating
you know false humble brag like ha haa
you know and then say something
ludicrously low like gas station
attendant or whatever
non but now of course they say h no all
that's it you know and if you know who I
am great and if you don't that's great
too because I don't I don't believe in
this whole um you know it's a form of
identity politics to have like your
history behind you uh you you should
have to prove yourself in every instance
so if what I say is true then that
stands on its own and if it doesn't it
doesn't so it doesn't matter yeah you're
the you're the most famous famous person
I know meaning that the number of people
who will privately bring up your name
just you know independent of knowing
whether I know you or not uh is really
phenomenal but but I can just pick
somebody out and say have you heard of
and they won't you know not that's H the
household name but uh influencers right
it's more uh it's more efficient
actually I realized this when I was
first in the Tim Ferris podcast um and
after the Tim Ferris podcast like every
podcast in the world reached out out
after and is because Tim Ferris
influences the influencers right and I
think you're one of those two you
influence the influencers you can look
at X right formerly Twitter even when it
had a much smaller audience it was so
influential to the influencers because
the journalists and the politicians were
on there so it punched out of its way
and when whenever somebody like in a
huff deletes their X account and storms
off they just fade into irrelevance like
Sam Harris where is he now I think Yan
Lun is the latest casualty of that right
and sometimes they slink back on tail
between their legs and sometimes they
don't but if you influence the
influencers just like the left realized
if you control the institutions and the
elites you can just punch out of your
weight so so you bring up one of the
points I wanted to point I want to talk
to you about you know it seems like
during the political process as you
learn the names of the people who are
connected to what you know especially on
on the left you say oh it's that it's
that person is always whenever there's
like a ho folks you see the the same
group of people emerge it's like they've
got the designated Liars but then they
little they little maybe uh I don't know
gangs within the Democrats and then you
learn you know who's got the connection
who's married to whom you know who whose
husbands in the top of the CIA and stuff
right but but what happened on the right
was that there was this sort of organic
growth of connection and
persuasion that is invisible to the left
so the right as as kind of you know
we've now figured out the entire network
on the left but the left is blinded
because they see well I think it's
podcasters has something to do with Joe
Rogan and they can't go deeper than that
well the right doesn't even know what
the network is because the right is not
a coherent entity you know the left is a
set of people who hate Market outcomes
whether in the free market of evolution
in genetics and nature or in the free
market of capitalism right so because
they don't want in equality it's an
equality religion right like formerly
Christianity now elements of it mixed up
with Marxism and identity and race
politics and you get this thing where
they basically want everyone to have
equal outcomes no matter what and then
on the right you know you have the
people who just want to be left alone
they're like hey just leave me alone
it's basically a collection of people
who don't like the left and it's a
ragtag collection and if you had to
divide them up broadly there are at
least three groups they're sort of the
fiscal free market you know classic
conservatives they're sort of the people
who are bound by race and ethnicity and
you know Common culture and then they're
the people who are religious and you
know like raising families and
God-fearing and so on and sort of these
three categories together that when you
kind of get them together you get the
right but it's inherently disorganized
um so they don't form institutions they
don't form networks they're busy with
their jobs they're not like running out
and creating noos and institutions uh so
and they're not as ideological so I
don't think even the right can identify
that right if you had two different
right-wing people list the top figures
you know in the industry or in the group
it would break down after five people
they would just be different sets it's
almost like the right is a set of nodes
and and then there's all these memes and
reframes that that are flying through
like if we go back to 2015 some of
people will remember this um when people
thought Trump was a clown and he was
just a clown that's all he was so I
wrote a blog post someone remember it it
was called clown genius so I reframed
him as somebody who was a showan and
that he could use those talents in a
productive way and You' better watch out
because he's not GNA just change
politics I said he's going to change the
nature of reality itself in 2015 now
that one yeah you you were leading back
then and then you were pacing for a
while now leading again so so then
January 6 comes and you know and his
reputation goes down and I think that's
when was important that the Silicon
Valley the smartest people kind of came
in and said okay he's not crazy he's not
dumb a lot of this stuff makes sense you
don't have to love the personality
that's not what we're voting for and I
think Elon was the biggest you know most
prominent of that but you must have seen
a lot of that behind the scenes were
were were you seeing dominoes falling
like sort of private I definitely I
definitely heard heard a lot of people
basically privately say oh my God you
know this Biden administration's been a
disaster cumo looks even worse these are
like full-on socialists you know they
want to seize the means of production
price caps and you know race politics
and gender politics like this it's just
idiocy and we you know a lot of us are
in California and we've seen how much
California suffered by being a one party
State and then when you have just
enormous amounts of illegal immigration
combined with the push for amnesty
Birthright citizenship path to
citizenship Etc these are all code for
flipping votes voters um and so it the
thing that I think the thing that really
got me off the sidelines was the lawfare
just the lawfare and then the Warfare
right lawfare graduated to Warfare with
outright bullets being fired obviously
that's more incitement related than you
know planned but uh the lawfare was
crossing the line for me and I think for
a lot of people sorry go ahead can I put
you uh on the spot do you remember your
post about changing the
rules uh vaguely uh you know there are
two posts I'm proud of in this whole in
this whole thing and one of them is
about change the rules and there I was I
didn't word it the perfect way I could
have word it a little better sometimes
when Wordsmith so I know it wasn't quite
perfect I almost didn't put it out for
that reason but
um the post was basically that you don't
you don't you know leaders come and
leaders go but you don't want to change
the rules of the game right and uh
lawfare is changing the rules of the
game censorship is changing the rules of
the game importing voters is changing
the rules of the game right these are
structural changes you're making to put
get us into one party rule that'll never
come back from and the ending of that
was like let's change out the rulers the
change out the people who are changing
the rules of the game right now there is
only one valid comeback to that by the
way which was made by some commentators
which is well Jan 6 was an attempt to
change the rules of game and I would
argue no because you know I can go
through all that evidence why but it's
like yeah a bunch of unarmed people
taking over a building and nobody
actually dying in the attack like that's
not how you take over a country this
size you don't just seiz a building
right we'll trespass until you surrender
exactly and that was so exag I mean yeah
it was a bad thing to storm you know
into the capital but it was so
exaggerated after the fact by the left
and so hoaxed that then they just lost
all credibility on it but regardless
that was the only like slight comeback
you could have to it but it's very clear
there's one side that keeps talking
about changing the rules packing the
Supreme Court adding States destroying
the electoral college right these are
all attempts to change the rules of the
game because they don't like losing um
and it was is a one-way slope that we've
been on for a while um you know no ID
voting that's another you know uh mail
and ballot voting mandatory voting
non-secret voting right uh felon not
being able to run for office right let's
make him a felon okay we call you a
felon now you can't run for office so
all of these are attempts to hack the
system and I I like democracies because
you can vote people out of power because
if you can't vote them out of power then
you got to shoot your way out and that's
not good for anybody you know especially
the unarmed 60% of the country so but
what do what do you think realistically
once you look at the history of say
Kennedy on have we really been picking
presidents I mean I was watching I was
watching an old documentary about I
don't want to get conspiratorial but
yeah Kennedy was shot and they still
haven't released the files which is
absurd they still haven't released the
fil 60 years later uh Nixon you know the
whole Watergate thing now we know how
the media works so was that all about um
yeah it's you know but even the
exceptions look kind of weird right
because you get okay Reagan um you know
he was he was just All-American but he
was going to spend a whole lot on the
military yeah yeah I mean these are all
pro military candidates look I I also
tweeted that I think the the First Act
that uh Trump should take is the Patriot
Act needs to go and the FIS of Courts
and the fight of surveillance that that
goes with it because that's been
weaponized and turn domestic the as
excuse all they have to do is accuse you
of foreign collusion and then they can
treat you like a non-citizen all your
Fourth Amendment rights go out the
window and now they're surveilling you
and coming after you and as we know the
Federal Register is so large you know
show me the men I'll show you the crime
or what was it Rich's line like six
sentences written by an honest man I
will have him hanged right the the every
word you said I I just love to hear it
because once Silicon Valley types of
thinkers are set loose on the government
you know Elon of course looks like he's
going to be the the biggest one RFK Jr
Etc they're they're systems thinkers as
you are yeah I actually volunteered for
public service I never thought I'd do it
you know it would be pretty limited
public service and I don't know what
they have that would match up but I just
put the word out I said hey if you want
me to do something in this government
I'm happy to do it because I want to
protect the American dream for my kids
well where I see your greatest value is
just what you're talking about which is
your you're seeing how things are
connected and I don't know that the
Democrats are good at that I don't know
that the standard Republicans are good
at it I don't think Trump's you know as
good at it as as like you would be or
Elon would be or jie V will be so the
the level of
re-engineering that can be brought to
the country is breathtakingly exciting
to me it feels like
1776 and it feels like here's something
I always wondered how was it that the8
or 12 12 people who started the
revolution which was crazy I mean it was
crazy that that they were just going to
get killed but somehow they made it work
and then somehow just when we needed it
when you know the country sort of
falling off the rails the the characters
who had exactly the right skills and
historically so you know like Elon is
Ben Franklin it almost seems like
reincarnation or something does that
seem like a coincidence to you or am I I
mean you're you're inspiring me because
I wasn't sure how much work I wanted to
put into politics but now you're
inspiring me if it's that kind of moment
then yeah that'll pull us everyone off
the benches you know we're all to serve
here's the way I look at it um of course
I'm biased for American greatness but if
you know some of that's hyperbole Etc
patriotism but I do think that Americans
have one superpower which is we will
 can absolutely
anything and
and and and capitalism works because it
makes you fire your best friend right if
if you can't fire your best friend if
you can't tear the entire structure down
if you can't cannibalize your last
product to put on your new iPhone you're
going nowhere yeah all the successful
systems take feedback from free markets
or nature and it's it's when you're you
know when you're a president and you say
I'm not going to listen to what the
Market's telling me I know what's right
that's what when you're going to fail
economically um you know if you say uh
no we don't need you know Tesla or we
don't need electric cars we don't need
to go to space you're setting us back
centuries as Humanity right you're
you're not taking feedback from nature
and we could we could just be wiped out
on this Earth uh so having a
forward-looking PE person like Elon
actually executing I think that's what
separates that's one of the many things
but that's probably the largest thing in
my mind that separates 2024 from 2016
instead of having a bunch of Republican
party apparat chics and neocons running
the administration
he actually has incredibly competent
people available if he will take
advantage of them you know the one thing
that Trump doesn't get enough credit for
is that he has his ear to the the uh
public like like nobody else and he
listens to lots of suggestions from lots
of people and uh so it's not a top- down
situation I think Democrats are kind of
a top- Down machine and the Republicans
are a bottomup machine well yeah the the
Democrats are better organized you know
they're they're Collective s by Nature
they're better organized that's what
they do what they have though is they
have worse leadership because uh the
great men tend to be more on the right
so to speak right the great man theory
of History you're just more likely to be
on the right because they're more
individualistic so the left tends to win
elections when they have a charismatic
male leader right you have Barack Obama
or Bill Clinton right you win an
election um and that's why also in a lot
of countries the first elected female
prime ministers or presidents are
conservative you know the Maggie
thatchers the Indira IES of the world
the benis yourb they're actually
warmongers all of them right um so you
you kind of have to uh the the left is
better organized but they tend to have
worse leadership overall and I think
that's a pattern you see across the
board with them well at the moment their
their affinity for identity over
competence somewhat forecast what was
going to happen you know not necessarily
this election but there was somewhat of
a guarantee that if they didn't go for
merit uh that eventually the wheels were
going to fall off the whole machine I
think that's what happened this year
yeah you know historically in a
democracy I would be um a little more
pessimistic just because if you look at
what the left does well is it gets all
the have knots together and over time
the have knots sort of you know
outnumber the halves uh and leverage and
Technology leverage has been making that
worse you know the yes everybody's
better off but the Delta between Elon
Musk and the lowest paid workers is much
larger than historically however
technology also gives leverage to the
winners right so you have a microphone
now I have Twitter uh you know Elon has
his Empire of companies behind him and
people who trust him and work with him
so the amount of Leverage that's
available to the really high functioning
individual societ is much higher and so
that helps them fight
back essentially we can't help but
mention Elon and most conversations he
he's become the the universal uh
reference to almost everything but I
wanted to bring him up because if you
look at Elon mus life I'm trying to
reconcile the coincidence that he
believes were a simulation with the fact
that he lives like he's in a simulation
he does live like he's in a simulation
yes he must broke every time he's like
well what would be the most impossible
thing I could do now ah change the
government go to Mars build electric
car change one of the you know I I
called out in 2022 I put out a tweet
saying Elon Musk is the new leader of
the center right and then I did a troll
poll like you know who's the leader of
the Free World and it was like is it
Elon Musk Joe or who's the leader of the
world it's uh Elon Musk Joe Biden uh Xi
Jinping and Vladimir Putin and of course
Elon won right and obviously my follower
base is self- selected but uh you know I
kind of knew that he he's the real deal
and I don't know him that well I mean I
just exchange occasional once in a blue
moon I get a message through him so I
don't claim to know him at all um but
uh there was a story that I read about
him that really affected me which was
when he was talking to Bill Gates and
Bill Gates had just taken out some huge
short on Tesla it like a billion dollar
short or something and uh you know and
Elan was like why would you do that why
would you short Tesla and Bill goes well
you know I talked to my financial
advisers and I looked at the math and
there's no way it's overvalued and so
I'm going to make money on the short and
Elon goes what what do you care about
making money I thought you were into
electric cars and clim change and saving
the world what are you doing like trying
to save a few bucks and betting against
like and he just walked away in disgust
and I think he never talked to Bill
Gates after that and that's when I
realized like elon's a purist you know
he means what he says like the money is
a tool for him to get what he he's
trying to do and so I take him at face
value which is the crazy thing because
there a lot of people who set these
audition go audacious goals to inspire
people but you kind of know they don't
really mean it you want to take it face
value so I really do think he intends to
get to Mars I don't think he's joking
about that and I think he meant get he
means to get there within a defined
window of time and I I don't think it's
just like an inspirational farway goal I
think he's very very concretely going to
do whatever it takes because Elon
doesn't want to go down in history as
the electric car guy or even the guy who
saved America guy yeah he wants to go
down as a guy who got Humanity to the
Stars yeah think again I'll give him
more credit than that I don't even think
he wants to go down as the I got
Humanity the Stars guy he's just like I
want to get to the stars and I have to
make it happen in this lifetime the only
way that I get to experience the science
fiction World in my head is if I get to
the stars and so that's so inspirational
I think that drives everything so I
think the government was just a thing
that got in his way well get out of the
way so he can get TOS idea is even
simpler uh he has to go to Mars because
he already conquered the
planet a new planet he conquers the
planet as a side effect you know if you
get Mars you also have the most powerful
rockets and missiles in the world you've
conquered Earth as a side effect if you
get to Mars you can already mine
Asteroids for gold and resources you've
got all the economics you just won Earth
as a side effect so just just getting
two Mars as a side effect conquers
everything because it's the most
audacious goal by far he's got to launch
thousands of these rockets at a Cadence
of every few hours to build a Mars
colony the St I mean they don't have air
they literally don't have air it's a
terraform a planet
but but it gets better because he's GNA
I assume that the the base on Mars will
be built by his own robots yeah he has
to build the robots to build the bases
he has to have the AI to you know pilot
those robots and control them and the
vehicles to drive themselves and yeah
there's no gasoline on Mars it's all
kind of electric vehicles right he's
he's thought a lot of this through the
two pieces I I see him not having done
yet although I'm sure he thought about
them a lot our terraform formation like
how to terraform Mars properly um and
you could even start by terraforming
parts of Earth you could take deserts
and Earth and turn them into
Mediterranean paradises um and the other
piece that he has to do is drones like
he doesn't have a drone company yet and
you know the future yeah I've been
wondering about that it just seems so
obviously missing from the portfolio
doesn't it well I mean we we sort of
make it look like it's effortless like
oh yeah Elon you've done it before spin
up another company but before Steve Jobs
and Elon Musk came along the
conventional wisdom and and Jack dorsy
too the conventional wisdom in Silicon
Valley is you can't run more than one
company that a time and you would never
invest in somebody who was trying to run
two companies at a time so spinning
these up does take effort and you know
he's been busy Conquering the United
States so give him a breather give him
another three three months on that one
but yeah I I expect if I had to guess
just looking from afar he'll eventually
want a drone company but you know in the
meantime there's andural Palmer luy's
company guy who started Oculus and then
was I think he was tossed out for bad
reasons um but he was an early early
rightwing troll um and now he's doing
andil which is like probably the most
important new company in defense on the
planet yeah he's got some good good toys
there every time I see one of his little
ads I think oh I wouldn't want to be on
the other end of that but see that's
another example of the over regulated uh
world that we live in that I know elon's
not a fan of is um drone the US is way
behind in drone development Andel is
like the one bright spot that's out
there but the Chinese have such an
advantage in drones because DJI is the
world's leading commercial manufacturer
and here in the US we got hamstrung a
lot by the FAA um a lot of drone
companies and drone entrepreneurs had to
Pivot or went out of business because
the FAA was too restrictive and DJI has
just taken over the entire drone
business so if the Chinese actually do
get drone Supremacy above us and I don't
think they're that far off that's like a
form of it's that's like the same tier
as nuclear Supremacy like in terms of
you can win entire Wars entire countries
because the next war is not going to be
fought with humans it's going to be
fought with robots like the the lesson
of the Ukraine Russia Wars if you can
see it you kill it right the first one
to spot the other one wins it's
literally that's the whole game right
and because drones are guided bullets
and so they're the end state of all
Weaponry is drones there's one exception
I can get into but essentially all the
sub the submarines and the warships will
turn to drone ships uh all the you know
bullets individual bullets will be
flying drones they'll turn Corners
they'll have face wreck right so in that
world the Infantry men is completely
obsolete it's like a mounted Knight
against a mus here um so we we need to
get drone Supremacy back pretty quickly
or Taiwan is gone for sure which we
means we're basically at the old Star
Trek uh episode where where I think they
did a computer simulation to see who
would win the war that's right if you're
a loser you 600,000 have to go into the
yeah you get over there and you die but
that that's exactly what would happen
because it would be like hey our drone
Army beats your drone Army now there is
one of our drones circling every one of
your citizens heads you know and we're
going to execute 10% because you lost
right or because you didn't surrender in
the first place I mean this is dystopian
but but but do you do you think we maybe
have reached a point you know every
probably every year in Civilization they
said that where the big war doesn't make
sense and it so doesn't make sense that
you couldn't even get their accidentally
because it would just take too many
accidents to yeah the big word doesn't
make sense for any sufficiently advanced
Society because any sufficiently
advanced Society is just short on
technology and ideas it's not short on
resources it's not short on you know
it's not fighting for food
um but we we're living in this weird
world where you have 21st century
societies like the United States or
parts of the United States and Japan and
then you have countries that are
literally 150 years back in terms of
their moral cultural intellectual
technological development and so to them
the idea of like conquering somebody
still makes sense right beating up their
neighbor to get a piece of land or to
lose something sort of still makes sense
uh and it's absurd obviously but the
problem is the technology developed in
the Neolithic country
kind of filters into the Paleolithic
countries who can then use that same
technology 10 years later and 10 years
is not enough for them to have developed
their moral and cultural institutions to
know how to deal with it to realize hey
there's more life than blowing each
other up that's why I think the the top
you know five powers should just say why
don't we just stay the top five powers
forever and just make sure the little
guys don't kill any of us well that's
what happened with the UN right after
the after the nuclear weapon was in to
but too the top seven basically said
we're going to hang on to the nukes
thank you very much and then South
Africa and Israel and Pakistan and North
Korea snuck in and India um but
originally it this A Security Council
right Security Council was it Russia
China England France us had nukes and
that's it nobody and nobody else gets to
say um but drones will leak out more
than that and and drones aren't like as
apocalyptic as nukes right away it's not
like a zero to one you go from
non-nuclear to nuclear but the drones
just get better and better and you can
see that Iran and turkey uh and these
countries like they punch out of their
weight above their weight just because
they're advanced in drone development
you know turkey with the tb2 drones that
Ukraine has been using and uh you know
um Iran making the Shah head drones for
Russia and of course China with
DJI would you get a robot would you
would you get a home robot yeah I'm on
the list for Optimus Prime um or Optimus
whatever it's called Optimus Prime as a
Transformer Optimus the the Tesla robot
I think I'm pretty far in front of the
in the front of the list I hope but look
I don't expect it to be that great at
the beginning it's probably gonna suck
okay but you have to both support the
future unlike Bill Gates right uh and
you have to um you have to try the
future like if you live in the future
you're just so much better off than than
not living in the future I I buy every
random technology Gadget that looks
halfway interesting but I don't have any
quals about throwing it out either I do
for learning because judgment is
everything we live in a very highly
leveraged age one of the biggest
mistakes I made was I talked myself out
of a Tesla years ago so I got a Tesla
later than I should have because if I
gotten it earlier I would have bought
the stock I would have made many Teslas
worth the money right and I would have
understood what where electric cars are
going what the future of Automotive
looks like and I would have understood
what self-driving can do and what it
couldn't earlier so just for purely
judgment reasons to improve your
judgment you know you should be Pro Tech
um so yeah I'm going to buy an Optimus I
can afford obviously so that makes it
easy for for other people okay yeah you
can wait until it's a more finished
product but do do you think the llm AI
is ever going to be able to drive a
robot because I don't think it is yeah I
don't know I mean the Transformer
breakthrough so so what happen was this
break through this thing called the
Transformer which was really designed
for translation between languages and
but it also works well for transcription
for some self-driving and art generation
so on that breakthrough has generalized
quite a bit more than just language is
because it does art right it does like
video and art um but yeah I don't think
it generalizes forever and I think with
these robots they're going to have to
give them a lot more real world data and
feedback but the whole AI boom has now
brought a lot more money and a lot more
research and a lot more development into
AI so just people are taking it a lot
more seriously and I will say what the
Optimus robot can already do on a
machine learn model is actually already
more than I think they were able to do
Under the old rules based systems where
they were like coding it by hand so I
would say I'm cautiously optimistic and
uh one thing Elon has taught us is just
you know stay at it throw the best
people at it throw a lot of resources at
it it's worth it and eventually you'll
get it to work yeah it does have the
feel of we're it's definitely the thing
and there's no way to avoid AI but we
don't know what it looks like so it's
hard it's hard to know what to what to
do to get ready for that well I I don't
I don't think one should fear AI uh I my
current read on it is is that it's the
dawn of natural language Computing you
can basically speak in natural language
to computer and it can go through huge
unstructured data sets make sense out of
them and speak back to you in natural
language so that alone is a huge
breakthrough and then I think for highly
bounded tasks like driving a car which
is actually pretty bounded because there
are rules of the road and you have a lot
of data um or translation transcription
uh image generation classification
there's just a few of them I think it's
really good um and quite worthwhile but
I think in terms of like AGI and you're
having a conversation with it and it's
creating new science like I know that's
the hope I don't see the road to that
just now I also think it's a tool like
you become more effective and more
efficient like any other tool so just
learn how to use it and you be more
productive you be more valuable so I
don't know if I mentioned this to you
years ago but for over 30 years I've had
a plan that uh I would replace myself
with a robot before I go you know so I
just needed the right level of AI and
then the AI now believe it or not
doesn't allow me to just teach it who I
am so I could reproduce it like there's
a company doing that uh it just they
came in my inbox the other day and I
passed without meeting it but it's a
good company and they have good product
and good technology and they're
basically making AI clones of famous
people that you can then rent by the
hour right who is it what's the company
do you remember I I do I don't know if I
should be advertising or not advertising
it because I'm not investing so you know
does it start does it start with a D yes
oh I I think I tried that one yeah
exactly the
Oracle right the hint on the name um but
yeah the thing is I just think that's
inauthentic I don't think like these AI
these AIS are mimics right they're
Patchwork plagiarists they can grab
little sentences and translate them and
combine them but it doesn't make sense
underneath but when I tried it it
couldn't remember accurately even things
I put in a file and say remember this
about me and okay but that's in practice
I'm talking about even in theory we
don't have any approaching AGI we don't
know how creativity works so it's going
to be fake it's going to be a fake
parrot it's it's like if it's literally
a a stochastic parrot like a random
number generator parrot is one way to
think about it another way is like I
call it a patchwork plagiarist right
it's plagiarizing your past work and
sort of stitching it together but it's
like a Franken San output it's not alive
so I'm in the process of uh building out
a some kind of a state trust uh
structure so that I can fund my
permanent robot that can be upgraded as
the AI improves so so it'll be its own
little trust entity well we could work
the other way so there's two other
you're talking about one way to bring
you back or keep is to keep you around
as a robot uh another way is we could
just like stick a chip in your brain
record everything that's going on and
then when you die like you know or even
while you're alive flip it flip you to
the chip turn the brain off and flip you
to the chip so that's another route a
third one is we could just simulate you
we could just you know record you well
enough and create a simulated version if
it's a good enough simulation why isn't
that alive right there's a lot of ways
through this Rabbit
Hole well it's also G to be interesting
because if if I say that the robot is
me and who gets to say it doesn't I mean
it would have to have some kind of
rights that are managed by a human being
yeah but if I say that's a continuation
of me right who's to say otherwise
there's a great sci-fi short story
called l
uh and it's about the first human to get
his brain virtualized you know like
virtually copied and then basically he
realize it like it's it becomes it goes
open source and so everybody starts
using for everything and then you know
400 years later it's powering washing
machines and robot slaves and so on and
it's always the same guy and he's waking
up and he's like oh my God I'm a I'm a
robot slave you know it's like for the
rest of Eternity he's suffering in all
these menial roles it's a fun story but
this goes back to the question of which
one is real right like in the Multiverse
which copy of me is real I have an
answer to that by the way we can come
back to that but um in the you know in
if I make copies of myself with a
transporter accident Star Trek or if I
make robot duplicates which one is real
there's a Calvin and Hobs uh strip which
I'm sure you've seen it went for a while
where Calvin has this box this cardboard
box you know all kids always have the
cardboard box
game something like that he opens it and
another Calvin comes out so he can
create Calvin copy a cloner and so he's
showing Hobs like okay this one's going
to do the chores that one's going to do
the homework this one's gonna go you
know do that and I'm just going to relax
but pretty soon they're all bums they're
all fighting over the food there's not
enough clothes they're all trashing the
place nobody wants to clean up because
they're all Calvin right right so it
doesn't actually solve any problems uh
it just creates
duplicates but uh yeah I mean at the end
of the day the the way to test that is
like uh you wouldn't pull the plug on
yourself right like if if you really
believe that to you then you're ready to
pull the plug in this copy of you and
nobody ever is um that's that's the real
test on it there's a there's a Sci-Fi
short story called The Jewel and I'm
going to blow the punch line so if
somebody doesn't want to know it just
skip ahead but basically it's about a
future society in which they put a chip
in your brain when you're born and the
chip records every action every
sensation every feeling of your
development and then when you hit a
certain point in maturity you go in for
an operation where they scrape your
brain out and replace it with a warm
spongy material that'll survive forever
and they turn the The Jewel on and
you're now the jewel so your brain's
been uploaded into the secure chip that
you control and the rest of the body is
all replaceable it's only the brain that
the mind that they couldn't replace the
software so this is how they do it and
so our protagonist has like a week
coming up until his brain is going to be
scraped out and he's going to be you
know flipped on as a jewel and after a
while he's like no no I don't want to do
this right and and then he goes and then
runs off and joins some secret society
of underground lunatics who refuse to
have their brains replaced place because
they're now very much in the minority
and they're mortal so they're going to
die they age and die everybody else gets
to live forever so they're kind of crazy
um and then he find and then when he
goes into the secret site and he sort of
escaped he finds out actually they
turned the Jewel on two weeks ago so
your brain is still there but you're not
listening to it you are the jewel now do
you want to go through with it or not
and then he goes yeah so then he goes in
for the operation the script the brain
out that's the end so so so what you
would have so but even that doesn't
quite solve it right because like if I
flipped you to robot you then robot you
would say yeah get rid of meat Meats
suit you know Scott he's not necessary
anymore but meit Scott would say get rid
of robot Scott so you you actually
independently exist it's a clone it's
not you but it solves itself because me
Scott goes his me Scott way and the
robot goes on
forever that's true that's true uh it's
it's like creating a clone by the way
you can already clone yourself you know
rich people are already cloning dogs and
cats I hate to say it not me but I know
people who have literally cloned their
dead animal and they have a clone of it
running around uh and and and you ask
the kids you're like hey how's the Clone
and they're like oh same behavior you
know I can't tell it apart from the old
dog so for a dog it's the problem solved
and you can already clone yourself there
are companies that are doing uh you know
embryos stuff like they have the ability
to do clones the I I'll bet you the
Chinese Communist Party the top people
have some clones on
Ice that is so so cool to think about
that they could just break one out isn't
that like the what is the Sci-Fi
Foundation yeah oh yeah there's altered
carbon I think and or Rick and Morty has
some stuff on this but yeah it's uh you
know the future is here it's just
unevenly distributed right so so so let
me let me ask you some more questions
about the future what do think these
feature of the
family yeah so I think the Catholic
church was right and the contraception
killed the you know the family it it
sort of killed Catholicism actually
killed religion for sure uh
contraception was a groundbreaking
technology right it changed the nature
of the family and now we're in this
situation
where you and and you kind of had
enforced monogamy in society before
right uh like and and if you had sex you
had a child you needed two people to
raise a child you know you didn't have
washing machines you didn't have cars or
whatever Etc so you're kind of forced
into the family unit and now through a
combination of uh robotics technology
automation
contraception um sex and marriage and
childbearing all these things have
become highly decoupled right and so a
lot of people are playing Choose Your
Own Adventure um but those bundles were
there for a reason right were
biologically hardwired for those bundles
so I would say like the happiest
situation is if you have a happy family
if you're happily married and you got
your kids and everyone loves each other
that's the best of all possible worlds
but that's so rare most people you know
either fail trying to get to that or
they don't even want to take the risk
because if you try for it and you fail
there's so much downside that they sort
of are opting into all these alternative
models um the weirdest one that I heard
this is a Los Angeles story um I I don't
know if I want to out him it's up to him
but this guy's having a uh he has a son
with a woman they got they were married
they had a child then they didn't get
along they got divorced okay they're
still friends they're obviously raising
the son you know as divorced um father
and mother but he decided he wants to
have another
kid and who would he be best situated to
have a kid with he's already got all the
child support worked out he knows
they're genetically compatible they
still get along they're already raising
a child together so he's having a kid
with his
exwife and
payer uh I think that he's basically
it's like a divorce like he's paying her
enough to you know it's like the alimony
thing but you add for the ex kid right
you use the same rules that you have
with the existing kid so in that sense
it's probably probably worked out but if
you tell people like oh I'm gonna have
another kid with my ex-wife like that
triggers them right that breaks their
mind in so many ways and I think it's
weird like it's it's fine it's probably
better than having a kid with someone
you don't know or don't love or having a
kid without a mom you know I know that
happens too so so it's probably fine but
it's weird it's definitely weird and
people are getting pretty mad at him
about it mad enough I think he's gonna
write a book on the topic and become
famous for it he's already famous but
he's even more famous right but um my
advice to him was I was like just tell
him you're
gay right just tell him you went gay
because then it's suddenly okay it's
weird how these rules work exact same
thing is happening and the child is born
being raised the same way but because
you say you're gay it's suddenly okay
you get jail I've been holding that card
in case I need it someday it's like well
you know I wasn't going to mention it
but now that you bring it up right put
on a wig
yeah so yeah I think the whole family
thing is going to go into um
permutations that we're not used to I
think you're going to see what didn't I
don't know if this is a fake news or not
wasn't Elon talking about having all of
his uh the mothers of his kids in one
one building yeah h i mean it's that's
um that's yeah yeah it's like Mormon
style right um I mean there are people a
lot of people are opting out of the gene
pool they're not even having kids can't
be bothered right or it's too difficult
um I think I think that's a mistake I
think if you can have kids you should
have kids it kind of answers the meaning
of life question right but it's my my
rule on that is you either got to have
kids or you gotta find God like pick one
of the two and I know what's that well
I've read God I've read God's debris I
I've I've I I've read your simulation
stuff I know the game you're
playing you're playing the God game uh
and you're just playing it in your own
way with your own words so you have more
conviction which makes sense right it's
not some white bearded dude who lived
2,000 years ago has certain Commandments
you're thinking it through for yourself
and you're stitching it together in your
own framework your own models your own
language and so it's solid within you
you have you have your own I wouldn't
call it Faith because it's there through
reason but you you have your own deep
spirituality although you don't use that
language or those words um and I think
youd have to otherwise you wouldn't be
happy right now because then you''ll be
just self-obsessed and looking for
pleasure in the next pill or the next
thing or the next activity and that
doesn't you have to have a mission if
you don't larger than
yourself something that you truly
believe in more than yourself and kids
are the easiest one right and one of the
great ones I I I'm finding Politics as
my uh as my Escape you know because if I
anything that helps people like you know
I've had a job where people contact me
all the time and say oh you help me lose
weight or get a new job or something and
that just feeds me that's just like oh
my God that's that's the nourishment I
need it's like I helped you wow well I I
think especially like if you're a
traditional male you get a lot of value
like self- value out of uh taking care
of your tribe doing your duty towards
your tribe and you get to Define your
tribe and the more capable you are the
broad of that tribe the more people you
should take care of and that's why
people like Elon are so impressive
because he's basically saying humanity
is my tribe right I'm going to I'm going
to push us all forward now to that point
my my hypothesis is that the reason that
Trump prevailed is that the danger to
society to America got to the point
where male um just male biology kicked
in and people who otherwise would have
said you take care of it I'm sure it'll
be fine just said oh no there's a l at
my door and I'm the guy with the gun and
I got I got to kill the lion so this you
mentioned one tweet of mine before the
change the people who are trying to
change the system right but the other
tweet that I was really proud of this
cycle right was it's I almost want to
pin this to my profile but it's a it's
the battle of the masculine men and The
Feminine women against the Fe against
the masculine women and The Feminine men
right and that one was written in such a
way that like it's it's lyrical it's
poetic it flows but it's also true and
once you see it you can't unsee it and I
think that one influenced more people
than any tweet I put out because they
saw it and they they they immediately
knew whether they're masculine man or
feminine woman and then they immediately
thought on the other side like oh yeah
they're all men are feminine all the
women are masculine right and it
immediately sorted you it's it properly
sorted you into your bucket and it did
it with actually ironically identity
politics politics but it it works um it
does work and so I think like what you
have is you have very capable people now
who decided that you know the nonsense
has to stop the identity politics has to
stop the the gaslighting has to stop the
law fair has to stop the censorship has
to stop um and uh hacking the system has
to stop and and we got to put our foots
down so you have some so in this
Administration I think you have some
very intelligent people working with
Trump hopefully they will figure out how
to navigate the bureaucracy and the
Intel apparatus before they get blown up
right because the Intel apparatus and
the bureaucracy are not going to give up
I have a theory that over a long enough
period of time the people with the guns
are always in charge right so if you if
you look at Roman history at the end all
the Emperors came from the Victorian
guard which was guarding the emperor now
they were suddenly in charge if you look
at what happened in Russia you know the
FSB the KGB the secret police the people
who were guarding the premier they took
over right so that's Putin and his crew
so on a long enough cycle the pror guard
is eventually in charge the people with
the guns always end up in charge so and
that's happened kind of everywhere in
the world where the Intel operators has
Intel operat for example has their
secret courts and their secret laws and
their gag orders so why hasn't it fully
happened in the US it's the only place
in the world and because of the SEC
Second Amendment because the people with
the guns are in charge because the
people have the guns right well but the
possibility is that they just use the
media so that they could get around the
gun holders correct correct so the power
actually goes to the best organized and
armed intolerant minority right to win
revolutions and wars and even to have
the soft power that revolutions and Wars
have never fought against you in the
first place you need the organized group
and I think as a society we've lost fact
of the we've lost side of the where
voting comes from voting developed as a
way for people who had won Wars to
divide up the spoils amongst themselves
and not fight each other and it became a
right that was granted to you if you
fought for the Empire if you had a sword
and shield and you had some land and you
call you went when you were called by
the king or the emperor of the Senate
you went to war for them and so power
gave you the right to vote because the
other guys didn't want to fight you they
didn't want a civil war so like let's
just divide up the vote amongst us like
if you're in a pirate ship and 10 people
are armed and 90 aren't you crash in
some Island who's going to end up voting
it's going to be the 10 with the with
the weapons the 90 without the weapons
will not get a vote especially if the 10
are organized especially if they have a
common culture race religion nationalism
philosophy whatever that's binding them
together so it's that power gives you
the right to vote and now we've gotten
upside down where the right to vote
gives you power where it doesn't matter
if you're capable of exercising power or
not you get the right to vote but how
long is that going to work you know if
the 51% that's unarmed and not powerful
is voting to stamp a to stomp a Jack
boot you know on the 49% that's armed
eventually that 49% will organize unless
as you say the media keeps them
disorganized off balance and doesn't
give them a chance to organize right
that's why I like the anyone who's in
charge is really good at breaking up
crime breaking up rings organization
right they don't want the opponents to
organize so it's the organized
resistance that can win disorganized
they don't right like if if there's Jack
booted thugs coming in kicking down
doors if we all fight them at once they
always lose North Korea would be free if
everyone in that giant open air Gulag
could organize in one action in one
moment but they can't coordinate so they
get picked off one by one like
dissidents the same way like Twitter can
you know the old Twitter before Elon
took over kick off people one by one but
they couldn't all leave in a huff to
another side at the same time they
couldn't organize because Twitter is the
organization mechanism so the single
most consequential thing that freed this
country is Elon bought X and the best
tweet I saw on this was from Greg fodo
he this great tweet he said I can't
believe that he noticed that the the
80% uh completed Imperial death star and
just bought
it they' basically been building this
Death Star to control all of news media
forever and they were using it left and
right and 80% done and he just bought it
and there's a really iron there's many
ironic sub stories in there but one of
my favorites is that when he went to buy
it he offered the 44 billion right I
think it was 42 because he loves that
number right he's just L's he's Liv in
the simulation so he's he's a Troll he's
trolling the simulation and
um you're right he's the guy who takes a
simulation seriously and so are you
right and so you guys live your lives
you you YOLO it you truly YOLO It Anyway
You Yol it with some faith that there's
some wind out there at your back which
by the way might be called a religious
belief nevertheless um so uh you know
they they they built this Deb star and
he he he goes in to buy it and he offers
44 billion I don't remember I don't 42
and it gets to 44 through some
accounting stuff but I don't know if you
remember but the market crashed hard
right then that was when the market fell
off a cliff and the and he then he
realized he was way overpaying the
bankers all tried to back out nobody
wanted to invest he was in over his head
the stock he put up his collateral had
come down and he didn't want to buy it
anymore he didn't want to buy it and he
was like well you know there are too
many Bots here and they're like well
that's not good enough you can't back
out so they dragged him to court in
front of a Delaware
judge and they made him buy
[Laughter]
it that's the best and he freed us all
yeah no I I so here's here's my cynical
question can any modern country survive
with free speech
if their news is
real because you think they'll just
fracture they'll fall apart they'll
realize there's been too much
Shenanigans in the past and they'll be I
I think if if we saw all the warts of
our government yeah and there wasn't a
counter thing that was you know hid
saying oh that's not true uh I don't
know if any government could survive
long enough to do anything good but
that's the nice thing about democracy it
gives us a way to have peaceful
revolutions right so if all of that came
out the people people if they truly
understood it which I'm a little
skeptical on I mean the reality is I
think most people are single issue
voters and the parties are collections
of single issue voters and most people
have one thing they really care about
and understand they don't really pay
attention to everything else so there's
only a small percentage of people who
care if Kennedy was killed by the CIA or
not you know it might be enough to tip
the vote on the margin um but I don't I
I just don't think enough people care or
that Nixon was framed you know like okay
half the country will believe it the
other half won't you know exactly how
this will work out right true or false
if it has a political component to it
half the country will believe it and
half the country won't I I feel I'm only
curious like I'm not bought bought into
the answer at all I'm not either I'm not
either for the record I don't think the
CIA killed him but I'll bet one of their
ex people was you know probably went
rogue well yeah something along those
lines yeah their fingerprints are
somewhere but not directly on the
gun all right I I don't think I've asked
you about UFOs yet have I I've never
talked about UFOs am I I don't think you
might have I'm I'm a UFO skeptic like I
don't so am I so do do you think
there so the fact that the government
keeps telling us that somebody else to
seen a
spacecraft and we can't tell we can't
tell you where it is or what it looks
like right right there's too many camera
phones there's too many people there's
too many blabber mounts there's too many
want to be heroes you know that
information will be out already plus why
would the aliens even hide it and would
the UFOs get captured and how do they
even make it here so far wouldn't we see
some evidence like electromagnetic
radiation from their transmission
there's just so many problems with the
UFO thing it's kind of H you you know
it's okay so when you're trying to
figure when you're trying to figure out
how how to navigate this world full of
dueling memes that are trying to occupy
your brain what you really need is good
epistemology epistemology is just theory
of knowledge fancy word for theory of
knowledge you need to know how to tell
what's true from what's false and that's
becoming one of the most important if
not the most important survival trait in
Society the other one might be like can
you resist eating sugar although I think
OIC will solve that so uh it's really
about how do you tell what's true from
what's false and too many people are
lazy they don't have the foundation to
figure out what's true what's false and
they just like assume one thing then
next thing you and you're in this giant
edifice of like men can give birth right
or UFOs are real or I'm embarrassed you
know for the people who are into this
but it's like you know the pyramid was
like giant battery or something you know
that that one seems to be in Vogue right
now but there's always a b bunch of
these Lunatic Fringe theories that go
through um and I just think they like if
you have any kind of understanding of
physics politics people numbers you know
numeracy you would understand that no
the government's not hiding a bunch of
UFOs somewhere so so here's my my
favorite recreational belief about UFOs
this is not a real belief it's a
recreational belief that apparently our
moon has so many Oddities to it compared
to other moons that we can we can see
that it's almost like it doesn't seem
like a real moon and then some people
say it's a hollow
spaceship that that been there but my
but I've added to it that on the Dark
Side of the Moon there's this enormous
crater impact that you can't see from
our side but uh so my theory is that the
the aliens were using their giant ship
that didn't look like it was covered
with dirt when it first got there maybe
it was just a big big ball and uh they
were sort of trying to geoform the Earth
for later you know that maybe they gave
us a little DNA and stuff like that and
they're watching it and maybe even maybe
even they uh thought they would block an
asteroid or something from destroying
the good work they've done maybe they
moved the moon in front of it and took
the hit so my theory is that the
inhabitants of the Moon space vehicle
all died but it's automated and that
what we see as UFOs uh that do that
weird thing where you can see them and
they show up on radar but they seem to
be able to change directions like faster
than an object that they're Holograms
from the Moon in other words the the
there is something there but it's just a
intersection of of electromag magnetic
waves so maybe you maybe you could pick
it up on radar and maybe you could see
it but if you put your hand on it it
wouldn't be there and yet yet it yet it
could operate like uh sonar or radar
which is if you send out any kind of
signal into the world you can you can
get a ping back and it's just a way of I
just think eyewitness evidence is
worthless and people are very gullible
so I don't waste neurons and thinking
about UFOs um like like I there there's
there are zillions of near you know
probably nearly infinite kep planets in
the universe or in the Multiverse so
yeah there is life out there somewhere
um it's probably just you don't think
so well I'm still caught on we're a
simulation and if we are there doesn't
need to be life anywhere else I don't
think I don't think your simulation okay
let's go into the simulation thing
because I'm going to take you up on it I
don't think it explains anything useful
um okay here's what the simulation
hypothesis basically does it just kicks
the whole God problem up one level right
it's an axiomatic kind of thing saying
well we're just in a simulation it can't
be falsified you can always just say
well that's just a simulation you can
cherry pick like with horoscopes you can
cherry pick outcomes and say well that
would only happen in the simulation and
you could ignore all the ones that
followed regularity
um it doesn't actually explain anything
it doesn't make any risky and narrow
predictions um it's not falsifiable so
it's not scientific it's purely a belief
it's a faith oriented belief uh and you
can replace the word simulation with God
you can replace it with computer program
VR reality chemical scum vat brain in
the vat and the whole thing still holds
it's a very easy to VAR Theory um but
what about the what about the
statistical likelihood if we know that
one is created there will be there are
two places where the simulation Theory
uh differs from uh just a pure madeup
God Theory okay one of those is that the
statistical argument which is like on a
long enough time scale your computers
get strong enough that you can do this
right the the second problem uh sorry
the second thing that it kind of
addresses is it kind of says that and
that's why reality is quantum underneath
zeros and ones right it's a system that
we're used to so let's forget the second
one let's go with the first one for a
sec so you're basically saying that it's
just it's just likely to happen right
this so you just wait long enough the
computers get good enough well okay what
would happen okay they're they're
already good enough but go ah okay well
what happens is anytime you're
simulating something it is much much
much lower resolution and much less real
than the base reality that you're
simulating out of right computer to
render that to guide that Photon over
there so you lose massive amounts of res
uh resolution so the only way the
simulation is going to be better is if
you can control it right if you can
basically say uh otherwise you're going
to stay in your real reality the reason
you play video games in your real
reality because video games you can win
easily you can control it that's what
affirmations are okay yeah so okay I'm
I'm going along with you so the only
reason you go into a simulation is you
can control it but if you can control it
too easily then it's not fun there's no
surprise so to make it fun and
surprising you want to have it either be
multiplayer or convincingly multiplayer
where there are other actors who can do
things you don't expect and it's
adversarial right right so you would end
up with something that looks a lot like
what we have today right so what so the
only reason you would do it is because
base reality wasn't giving you that
feedback and entertainment right if base
reality was giving you that same level
of multiplayer game you would rather
stay in Bas reality because it's like
billions of times higher resolution in
fact this reality would be so
unsatisfyingly low res you would have to
nuke your memory and probably nuke your
body to not understand what's going on
no here here here's where I I must
disagree with you okay please so uh if
you're playing tennis and you see the
tennis ball Zip by and it hits the line
and you say hey that's out and everybody
else says no that's in uh you can play
it back in the on the video and you can
find out for sure what it was but the
person who saw it out and the person who
saw it in have a perfect memory except
one of them didn't
happen and what we know is that our
brains create the resolution or imagine
the
resolution and so I'm talking to you
right now surrounded by detail that is
completely being invisible to me and I
don't even know if it's really there
unless I look at it right so our actual
experience of life is that we're
imagining resolution that isn't there
and that's easily provable what's the
difference between imagining resolution
and having resolution how can I imagine
it if it doesn't like it would take the
same compute power for me to imagine it
as it would for it to exist although you
could argue the Unseen universe doesn't
need to exist exactly now it's an
argument for Consciousness because
exactly it's not if it's not conscious
why bother rendering it right which
leads me to a different place so so my
to everything is conscious rather than
to the unconscious stuff isn't
rendered I don't know that point but let
me ask let me ask this so my belief is
if we're a simulation then if I were to
go in the backyard and dig a hole where
nobody no human or any entity had ever
dug a hole that the stuff that I dig to
doesn't exist until I'm digging to it
because it doesn't need to and never did
need to so everything that's not
directly observed doesn't have to exist
and that's how you save all your compute
time why do you need to save compute
time because the universe is massively
big and you couldn't build a computer
that be big enough to replicate in
detail like you
say say in the simulation you need to uh
you need to consider compute time but
from what we see of our universe it is
so massive it's potentially a Multiverse
it has so many you know black holes and
capable of computing power has so much
compute power like why why would you
need to leave this reality
like even steing back okay it's a
simulation let's go with that for a
second what doesn't mean you left it
though okay what does that explain that
was unexplained before
oh I don't know first of all I don't
accept your assumption that that's a
necessity for it to be true well I I
think the set of potential falsehoods is
infinite and Truth is a very rare thing
so to pluck truth out of the falsehood
you have to have certain rules for what
is true and what is not that's my op
what about statistical arguments though
statistical arguments only H it's let
let me give you one I'll give you one so
you can here's the problem with the
statistical argument the problem is I
can give you an equally infinite number
of scenarios in which we choose not to
do a simulation just because base
reality is already so good the problem
with the simulation argument another
problem is
like like you can't you can never break
out of the simulation or if you do then
how do you know you're not another
simulation right it's like it
doesn't it's it's doing the God thing
it's basically hiding everything behind
a layer where you're not allowed to look
and so it's adding complexity without
EXP explaining anything new it violates
aam's razor in that sense because you've
added a new explanation in this case the
simulation but that new explanation
doesn't give you anything it doesn't
allow you to do anything more it doesn't
explain anything that you see or observe
and so therefore you've just added
unnecessary entities in the explanation
and just an aam's Razer you don't want
to do that well so let let me let me
test that okay so my belief is that if
we're a simulation it wouldn't
necessarily be for entertainment that
that could be one that that would be in
the top three but in my uh my audience
knows that I have a long history of
having massive water related problems uh
just probably 12 of them this year in my
house alone my out sored irrigation and
it's on all my homes and it doesn't
matter where I'm living doesn't matter
who the contractor was doesn't matter
and to me it's becoming obvious that I'm
an AI training tool and and that I'm
training how to deal with infant water
related problems everyone different and
everyone you know I attack like it's a
brand new problem so if you could
download my knowledge of fixing water
related problems you you could populate
like a a plumber robot in the higher
Universe now you watch hold on now you
said there there's no prediction right
so I I don't know if you can see the
comments but if I asked my locals people
uh have I predicted that I will have
ongoing
incredibly coincidental water problems
and have they watched it for three years
in a row and and every time like here's
another one and and it doesn't match any
experience that they have and I can but
I could also see because you believe
this you look for water related problems
that other people would let it
slide more than usual but like I I think
I have water related problems in my
place I just you know somebody else
takes care of it like I don't think
about it you know I don't add it to my
list of water related problems
but did did you have 12 SE separate
occasions where there were like water
problem is enough that I'm not going to
take your streak of water problems as
evidence that we live in a simulation
like by that you be you could you could
be saying it's because I'm Capricorn
right and now all of a sudden we have to
believe astrology a theory that's very
easy to vary where you can change the
components without changing the outcome
is a bad Theory but but I'm making a
prediction I'm making a prediction that
next year like all the years before
because because you're arbitrating that
one you're the one who's coming back and
saying you water now if you made a
prediction about me if you said hey Nal
you're gonna have a dozen water related
problems next year then I'm gonna keep
an eye you know that's better still not
TR scientific we should get a whole
bunch of people no well well neither of
them are the scientific process but
would you agree that if I made an
unusual prediction and let's say I could
keep making this unusual prediction time
after time again would that that
convince you or would you just think
there's some reason I could make a
prediction and you don't know why I I
would I would First Look for the non-s
supernatural explanation I would first
try to figure out like is it what are
the statistical odds of this and did we
you know set properly that's no fair
calling is Supernatural you're trying to
win by a word you can't win no it is
super it is a supernatural because it it
appeals to something outside of our
current physics that's what I mean by
Supernatural but it would but this would
be well within our current physics we're
just we're just a video we're just
once no no that that's not our current
physics that's not our current laws of
physics it's not our current
understanding of physics that's not our
current you know Theory physics that we
we're definitely running on some
Computing substrate right no but there
there's nothing inconsistent with saying
that we're in a video game that was
designed nothing inconsistent is back to
unfalsifiable and there's infinite
number of those theories you know we
we're in we're brain you're a brain
floating in a vat go falsify that you
can't right so but but are you saying in
general that if something is does
uncanny predictions that it still
doesn't tell you something useful it no
I'm not saying that it depends on what
predictions it's making how
statistically likely or unlikely they
are how well they're tested for error
who's corroborating them what that
mechanism was and and also then the
claim how does that evidence match up to
the claim so the more extraordinary the
claim the more extraordinary the
evidence that it requires of course so I
agree with all that I think my I think
my experience with my my audience has
been pretty extraordinary because they
they're I try not to go too much in the
Supernatural but I'll be honest there
are times when I've
prayed
so H nobody's perfect yeah exactly
Pascal's wager right just in case yeah
i' I've got a version of this I don't
know if I've ever said this out loud
before but every now and then I just
talk to the creators of the simulator
simulation that are watching me because
it might be me yeah yeah exactly no I
completely agree yeah
simulation hypothesis is true then you
know God or Creator or Pro Master
programmer has your best interest at
heart I say things like you know is this
the plan I mean you really get to do
this exactly exactly no yeah like don't
take me out of the game too fast like
give me some resource if you want me to
be effective right or like I'm not job
don't try me I'll
fail let's not go through let's not take
that route let's try a different yeah I
me think I think everybody does that
because at the end of the day existence
itself is an unexplained Miracle right
like how do we get here why am I here
why am I a monkey why am I
threedimensional why am I male why am I
talking to you right now what does it
even mean to talk right the whole thing
is so surreal that there is an
instantaneous and overarching Miracle of
just Consciousness like why even be
conscious why not just be like zombies
or robots talking to each other going
through the same actions why even be
aware so there's so much here that you
just have to take axiomatically and that
is spirituality and I think your
spirituality your current religion is a
simulation hypothesis perfectly valid
you know mine is probably closer to the
Dao and you know other people's
Christianity or whatever but somehow you
have to explain this miracle of
existence and you and everyone has to do
it in their own frame but the rest is
science right the rest is all follows
the rules of Science and so what I don't
like is when like someone says this one
I'm correct it's scientific you should
believe it because of these following
arguments and then I'm like okay well
what are the implications how do we test
it if you want it if you want me to
believe in the real world it has to be
scientific which means it has to be
testable there's a third category that I
will accept which is direct experience
but that's only valid for you so if you
have a direct experience of something
you can hold it but your ability to
convey it is zero because everybody has
their own experience and you can't take
anybody else's experience at Value uh
I'll give you that I'm going to give you
that my personal experience is so
bizarre that I mean it's not I don't
think it's quite Elon Musk level but I
mean you you've got your own life that's
kind of doesn't matter yeah very surreal
yeah I mean how do the three of us exist
is this really like like there's so many
things in my life that happen and I'm
sure you have the same feeling where you
just say how is this real I mean just
how is this real if you want to talk
absolute truth and nothing else the only
statement that you can make that is
absolutely true is that what's that go
ahead let's I know where this is going
sorry what's yours it's so we exist to
ask the question that's the only thing
you know it's actually even worse than
that so I used to say it was I exist and
then a very smart friend of mine
corrected me he said no awareness exists
you don't even know that you exist your
thought like yes your current thought
exists and you're aware of that current
thought but what is the you that is
having that thought that's the whole
Buddhist question the whole
Enlightenment question is there a
persistence self identity other than
just thoughts that are referring to each
other like when you look for yourself
you're not actually there there's an
awareness the awareness exists but the
you separate from that awareness does
that even exist where where are you on
the question of whether your mind is one
you or you were several people in your
head several I think it's several yeah I
think well so there's two questions in
there there's one implicit one explicit
the explicit is do you believe in the
agent theory of the brain where it's all
different agents you know battling it
out or do you think it's one unified
thing and I think that one yeah it's the
agent theory of the brain is more
correct but then the other question is
like is that you are your thoughts you
and that's a deeper question and that
when I go back and forth on are your
thoughts you well your thoughts are are
you mean are your thoughts coming from
the youu what is this you that's having
the thoughts like you know we we we very
casually refer to this you this self
this eye but like is it the thoughts
refer to but when you're not thinking
where did you go you're still there and
then if you can observe the thoughts
well you can dispassionately observe
your own thoughts it's possible that's
what meditation is all about so is that
you if you can observe it and if you're
the thoughts that are talking then who's
the one that's listening so the you or I
that we refer to is this very amorphous
entity it's like a you know it's Alan
Watts compared to like a whirling stick
it looks like a fire but when you pause
and look at any element of it there's
actually nothing there do you have a
voice in your head yeah everyone does
right ex no you don't have one no I I do
have one but appar apparently there was
a thing in the news recently I believe
again it's eyewitness evidence it's some
person trying to be famous you
know there were a lot of people who wa
wait in and said they also actually you
know what I I take it back I I retract
my earlier statement you're right I've
seen a Twitter thread where some
appreciably large number of people will
say they don't have a voice in their
head but I would say they still have a
persistent self identity and it may be
events through they think visually um
you know they think in feelings um
they're not necessarily thinking
verbally but they still have a strong
sense of self and I the classic people
in history who don't have that strong
sense of self are the Buddhas right like
if you're the Buddha or Jesus or you're
like a spiritual figure the you know I
don't know St Augustine
or pick your enlightened person right
supposedly what they have found is
they've seen through the illusion of the
separate self the RAM and mares of the
world right and so they don't take
themselves as seriously because they
know they're not separate from anything
that's happening every they think and
All That Remains for them is awareness
and Consciousness that's what they see
themselves as you know I I've Define
consciousness my best take at it and I
think we could give it to AI is
prediction of everything that's going to
happen next like you know right around
you around your body then there's the
action and then is your reaction to how
close your prediction was to the reality
such and and my argument is that if
everything happened exactly as you knew
it was going to happen you would lose
all your five senses
eventually because they wouldn't have
any purpose so so conscious is is the
lag between what you think is happening
and what's happening it allows you to
delay in there yeah so then you can say
well why do only um seems like humans
have the the most of it but it wouldn't
be any surprise that it's such a
superpower that you can imagine what
you're going to do before you do it and
then you can make an adjustment after
that that would make you the king of all
the animals and let me let me let me I'm
not sure I fully understood your
definition can you go through it again I
really want understand that the
definition would be a continuous process
where you predict what's going to happen
next so I pick up the pen and I'm going
to drop it and I predict it will exactly
like I thought but a little off mhm a
little off so it's the little off that's
the Consciousness because then I say did
that matter do I need to do it
differently next time and it's only the
difference between everything else
doesn't matter so so Consciousness is
only to solve that one thing the
difference between the prediction than
the actual and then what do you do about
it it exists to solve that exists to
solve that and that and that would be
why humans went to the top of the the
mountain because when when I observe my
dog she doesn't seem to be thinking
about what happens next she she I think
normally when people talk about
Consciousness or awareness they they
tend to use the term synonymously
although maybe they shouldn't but
they're more referring to just like I'm
aware of something like I feel it I I
have this feeling of being here and I I
I can you know I have this feeling of
experiencing these things I know what's
going on around me so so if I give my if
I give my robot the sense of touch or
smell is does it have awareness I mean
that's the unanswerable zillion dollar
question we're going to have to answer
that with AGI I mean if an AGI says hey
I'm conscious and it's truly an AGI it
passes the toring test and all that not
the fake one that people do on Twitter
with real one um you know then you would
have to take it as face value you would
have to say sure okay you're conscious
so so today I find a programmer let's
say and I say build me a artificial
person who's going to live in this video
game they will imagine that they see
things in great resolution but they
won't they will imagine that they have
Consciousness but they don't they will
believe that they're special but they're
not and in every way they will react as
though they were human beings now put
them on there and let's talk to them and
you tell me if they're conscious and the
answer
is
trapped take you about five seconds
before you say I don't know the
difference between you and this guy who
sitting next to
me yeah I mean if that thing uh you know
it would have it would have to pass the
touring test first before I would take
its claims for Consciousness seriously
and I have a high bar for the touring
test by touring you got to convince me
you're alive and creative but if you
could convince me it's alive and
creative and it said I'm conscious and
i' be like yeah I guess you're conscious
yeah yeah we're we're nowhere close to
the touring test I mean the easiest one
is can can you tell me a joke but don't
make it word play and we're done yeah
exactly or I I test it on poetry because
there isn't much poetry stuff to crawl
on the web it's terrible it's terrible
at understanding poetry and parsing the
meter and verse and rhyme um but um
where was I going to go with this uh you
were talking about the little simulation
guy yeah I forget it's fine we kill him
um
well I I I I don't want to take you
forever no I enjoy talking to you you
know it's funny because I get invited
into a lot of podcasts but they all ask
the same boring questions um and you
make yourself scarce at least on these
10 onone so it's good so I want to talk
to you um but we should do another one
uh you know it's funny because I I want
to I I literally after Periscope we used
to have fun in Periscope I remember that
right you and I were probably the two
biggest periscopers for a long time I
was number one for a little bit then you
were number one I was number two and
then I dropped off um and then uh when
Clubhouse launched I was big on
clubhouse trying to get that same
feeling back and I even did my own
company air chat trying to get that same
feeling back but I think every smart
person is star for ation with other
smart people um and so the internet is
great for that it helps connect us but
still like this kind of a setup is
fantastic I can get to talk to you
there's like 20 people I want to talk to
and that's it and you're on that list so
when something newsbreaking happens you
know it's it's fun to get online and
talk it's better than going to a podcast
and they ask you the same interview
questions you know then you answer and
they check off like number 1309
check nval you're one of the reasons I
think I live in a simulation because if
I do I think there are player characters
and NPCs and from the first moment I met
you like okay you're a player but beyond
that I've always felt connected to you
no matter where you were or what you
were doing huh you know what's funny is
when I was in college I I I I don't
remember many books and I don't remember
many t-shirts but weirdly like I have uh
you know I have memories and photos and
and people even bring it up to me how it
would all have all the Dilbert books and
I would always be like making jokes out
of them and I used to wear this t-shirt
that my girlfriend at the time gave me
because I was ignoring her and it
basically had Dilbert at night and he
was on his computer and it said while
you are sleeping I am working on world
domination right that's what I do I be
up on my computer all night like working
on figuring out how to make money and be
successful and so they got me that
t-shirt so I've always felt a deep
connection uh it's weird I mean yes
maybe the simulation brought us together
and um it's good I knew I knew I could
flip you
you just gotta flatter me just appeal to
my ego that's that's right right go that
way persuasion is right all right F and
women right so we'll definitely do this
again uh but uh I love this this just
it's awesome anytime great talking to
you Scott thanks everybody all right bye
bye