good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization do you think you can make
this experience go up to another level a
level that nobody can even describe in
human words even AI has a problem with
it yes but all you need for that is a
cup or a mug or a glass a tanker chalis
time a canteen jugg or flask a vessel of
any kind fill that vessel with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure
it's the dopamine end of the day thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous sip
go oh that's
good that's a good way to kick off the
day well in uh lesser
news uh I guess Biden's Grand
granddaughter has Secret Service
protection which one is it um doesn't
matter but his granddaughter and she was
walking in Georgetown late on Sunday
night oh Naomi Naomi Biden and at her
Secret Service detail saw that there was
a carjacking in action and apparently
they fired three shots to break it
up now we don't know enough about this
story to really know like was that smart
that they did that did did that in any
way protect
Naomi I doubt it you was it something
that they just decided they needed to do
because it just needed to be
done here here's what I'm
feeling despite the Daniel peny thing
and the fact that Heroes keep getting
arrested I feel like there's going to be
a wave of Citizen involvement I won't
say vigilante but citizen involvement
that's going to just
Skyrocket because it's one thing to know
your government should be handling it in
which case it's easy to stay
uninvolved and then there's another
phase where you hope they'll be involved
so you still don't get involved because
you're like well you know they're not
that reliable but I hope the government
will take care of this and then there's
the giving up phase which we may be
entering where you realize that if you
don't take care of crime on your own
you're going to lose your
neighborhood and I think that people are
reaching that giving up phase the part
where they say you know what if I don't
take down this robber I won't have
stores in my neighborhood so you know
it's a bad idea by the way I don't
recommend it I do not recommend
vigilante ISM you probably get arrested
I'm just saying that people are going to
do it because they're just fed up so
here's the story that appears in my head
without any support right I don't know
that this is true here's what I feel
with no evidence whatsoever
that at least one of these Secret
Service people was just sick of this
 and just and just you know and you
know just started firing now I doubt
they fired at a person it was probably a
warning shots kind of thing I'm guessing
but um I don't know might be some more
evidence of this coming up so Soccer
Star Megan repo was in her final game of
her career and 3 minutes in she got an
injury that looked pretty bad but her
comment about it was quote I'm not a
religious person or anything and if
there was a god this is proof that there
isn't this is effed
up so Megan rapo thinks that she has
proven there's no God because she got
injured in her final
game well I don't think she meant that
literally but she might be an example of
somebody whose career would look better
if she never spoke
again that that would be my PR advice
hey Megan I've got an idea this will
this will work for you never speak again
just don't say
anything this will work out for
you that's my
advice well in the news we've got some
Bill Burr and some Bill bar do you know
your Burr's from your
bars if I told you a story about Bill
bar would you think it was Bill Burr
would you get those too confused well
they're both in the news uh as you know
you probably you heard this story
yesterday uh that bill bur the comedian
standup comedian was uh with his wife at
the uh UFC event where Trump came and
there was a photo taken of Bill Burr's
wife giving the double bird finger to
Trump when he wasn't
looking and then uh I commented that you
know it would it's going to be uh I
would love to know the conversation when
they got home and they find out it's a
headline news and it's trending
everywhere do you think that bill ever
said to his wife you know you just took
40% off our total income
forever now I don't know if that's
actually the case but it's never really
a good idea to insult 40% of the people
who would go to your shows which is what
happened now here here's how I took it
you might have taken it as hey this is a
political statement it's a political
world you know what would I be concerned
if somebody made a political statement
about somebody no it wouldn't make me
not go to the show I mean I watch Bill
Mah and I know he doesn't like President
Trump doesn't bother me a bit because
you know what I also think I don't think
that Bill Mar would hate me
personally like it doesn't feel personal
when he when he talks about it it feels
like it's political it's not about the
individuals although you know some
individual voters he might not love but
somehow my impression of this was that
giving the finger to Trump in public
feels like maybe I wouldn't be welcome
in their home either anybody did anybody
have that feeling that if you ever had
voted for Trump for example oh here's a
couple who would never invite me to
dinner like even if I worked with them
you know even if we were friends I don't
think I would ever be invited to their
house and so I said to myself huh I feel
like that was
personal like even though it was about
Trump I don't know that it really is
like and again there's no logic to this
I'm just telling you how it felt so that
was my just
feeling now so I did this uh this post
about it on AXS and I went to check the
traffic on it today cuz it keeps popping
up and 6.4 million
views now for
context I rarely get that many views on
any kind of a post and that's that's a
monster kind of a view uh which would
suggest that other people felt it the
same way I did that it was more about
his supporters maybe than him or at
least that it was equally about them so
we'll see if that has any impact on his
career probably not CU he's so popular
but it was it was interesting that so
many people might have had the same
feeling that's just a
guess well there is an update on my
experience trying to create an app
called a
GPT with AI I'll say again the interface
for creating the app you just talk to it
and you tell it what you want it to do
it's the most wildly awesome experience
if you've ever programmed anything so in
my younger days I did a lot of
programming wrote a lot of code
many of you don't know that and I
actually loved
it actually if cartooning hadn't worked
out um I would have loved being
programmer uh cuz the time went really
quick you know it was very engaging yeah
I would be completely just sucked into
the world of the program it was like
living inside a pinball machine that's
how I described it I loved it but this
new experience of just talking an app
into existence is like really actually
thrilling I don't know if I can quite
Express the feeling of talking an app
into existence it's wild because you
watch it happen while you're talking um
however uh I had experience that some
other people said they had which is
you'll upload some information to the uh
to the AI in this case the chat GPT
engine and it will tell you it sees it
and you can ask questions about it yes
it sees every part of it it can tell you
what's in it so you know that it can see
it but that's the part you're talking to
not the app so you say okay now you can
see it make sure make sure your app can
see it all the time whenever I ask a
question it says totally gotcha I'm
definitely going to use this information
and give it to you when he ask a
question and then you use the app that
it created so can you find this there
and it will say no I don't have that
data so so the part that makes the app
says it totally has the data and the app
can use it and then you use it it says
nope don't have access to it but here's
the wild
part you can actually negotiate with the
app so I so I get angry at the app and I
say why do you say you can't see it when
I know you can right you like talking to
it like a human and again this isn't the
this isn't the build the app part which
actually is side by side on the screen
this is the app itself so I get into it
with the app and it and it starts giving
me up the
information I actually had to cajo it to
tell me information and until I cajoled
it it was going to lie to me and say it
didn't have it now at first I thought it
was like a bug but once I realized that
it does have the information and it
knows it has the information and yet it
tells me it doesn't I think it's lying
to me and so I and so I wonder could you
ever build an app that you could depend
on the answer when I I built an app that
gave me two different answers on
something that's purely objective does
this information exist in your
database and it would say no unless you
asked it just right and yeah you
actually had to challenge it and tell it
that you knew it had it and then it
would give it to you crazy crazy uh I
don't know what this implies for
building these GPT apps but but it's a
wild experience I recommend it by the
way if you have any interest in this
field it's just you're seeing the future
like it's easy to imagine that that's a
a bug that will get fixed because it's
very specific it's acting like it
doesn't see the data that feels quite
fixable other people are having the same
experience
apparently but uh wow anyway I'd like to
test my BS detector you remember I told
you there's a story that allegedly an
Arab Arabic version of mine comp was
found in a Palestinian child's
bedroom now do you remember what I said
about that that's a little bit too on
the
nose that doesn't feel real right so
that was my take on it today uh Glenn
Greenwald was calling it out as coming
from a source which is a a known uh wild
propaganda site so it did not come from
a real Source it came from a source that
is well known for simply making up
so my I think my BS detector was
accurate in this case not 100% sure but
the source was so wildly ridiculous it's
probably
BS um Tim Scott has dropped down of the
race for
president now some of you are going to
say Tim Scott who's he I didn't know he
was in the race well that's probably why
he had to drop out because he didn't
really make a an impression in the end
he turned into an
NPC because the NPC part was actually
impressive for a while because in the
early days he would start out with his
inspirational story about how anybody
Can Make It in America you know like a
real classic classic American success
story kind of thing and and to many
Republicans he look like the antidote to
the racial wokeness it's like oh yeah
that's it you did all the right things
and then you got a good outcome and
indeed we see over and over again that
pretty much everybody who does all the
right things gets a pretty good outcome
so it was a great story but turned out
he didn't have much else I mean he had
policies but they didn't stand out as oh
Tim Scott's got this wild policy we
better talk about him his policies were
also generically
Republican that in the end all he had
was his
story and then it became I hate to say
it but it started to get pathetic that
the best he could do is go back to the
story it's a good story a great story
really a great American story but didn't
have enough just didn't have the juice
so I think he made the right choice to
get
out about who's getting in so you
remember the qanan shaman Jacob Chanley
who was uh wore the Bison hat and got
arrested and he was in jail for a long
time for January 6 he is going to run
for Congress as a Libertarian in
Arizona
hello now if he's a Libertarian that
means he's running against a republican
right as well as a Democrat I assume so
I don't you know I don't know what his
odds are but he is the Nelson Mandela of
our
time I'm just saying that so people can
get
mad that that was intentionally stated
to make you angry what there's no way
you can compare him to Nelson
Mandela I know that's why it's funny
he's a poor man's Nelson
Mandela but I do like the idea of if you
get locked up for reasons which the
public seems to think are um
inadequate that you can use that to
launch a campaign honestly I would vote
for him like not a joke if I were in
Arizona I'd probably vote for him over a
republican honestly because I didn't see
any Republicans get anybody out in jail
did you did you see the Republicans
fighting very hard to get January 6ers
in jail him if I were him I'd say
 him I'm going to run as a
Libertarian and I would vote for him
because I don't know what qualities are
for the job but it's sort of a statement
right if you're going to lock somebody
up you better get it right you know it's
sort of one of those if you come for the
king he's not exactly the king but if
you come for him and you
miss you might get yourself new Congress
person so I I guess I love the
Justice um and just I don't know every
part of that story I like it's just it's
kind of classically wonderfully
American so I guess that's what I like
about
it uh the Wall Street Journal has this
big article about um black voters you
know moving a little bit more toward
Trump but just hold this in your mind
it's the Wall Street Journal okay hold
that in your mind first so it's one of
the most you know capable trusted news
Publications
keep in mind that it's
2023 and in
2023 The Wall Street Journal has an
article which makes the CL
claim uh that the fine people
hoax was not a hoax I mean they don't
say that they just refer to the
president calling people on both sides
of fine people like it was a fact in the
Wall Street Journal in a major article
feature article
in 2023 in the Wall Street
Journal now this was uh Katherine Lucy
wrote this and so I was so curious how
you could be so either wrong or
unethical I didn't know what was going
on so I checked her background she used
to work for the AP during the 2016
election if you work for the AP during
the 2016 election you were brainwashed
into thinking that the fine people hoax
wasn't a hoax cuz I think the AP
reported that it was real and then she
goes to the Washington U I'm sorry she
goes to the uh Wall Street Journal
writes a feature
article and the editors of the Wall
Street Journal don't catch
that it was a pretty important part of
the story I mean it was you know
important context of the larger
story what's going on
here because that's not an opinion
that's a wellestablished
fact that it didn't
happen in 2017 you could be maybe
excused for you know not knowing that
the fake news was fake but it's 2013 you
telling me that that nobody who read
this article before it got published was
aware that they were perpetrating one of
the biggest lies of American politics
Wall Street Journal doesn't know that
really what do you think is going on I
actually don't know do you think that
both the writer and whoever edited it
couldn't catch it and do you think that
after it was published they didn't get
enough push back to immediately correct
it I'm I'm actually puzzled here's a i
I'd like to challenge you with this um
challenge can you find me if the Wall
Street Journal has ever reported
factually that the fine people hoax was
a hoax cuz I'll bet they they have I
feel like I have a memory that the Wall
Street Journal is one of the few that
correctly said that didn't happen so I'm
wondering if their reporting is now two
opposites is that is that what happened
whereas the Wall Street Journal always
imagined that it happened have they
always reported it
wrong I I'd love to I'd love to know
what's going on
there anyway uh here's a little test for
uh your relatives for Thanksgiving I
like before the holidays I like to give
you something to say to your relatives
that are on the left that will get them
all you know worked
up just just to ruin all of your family
relations for fun all right here's the
test for cognitive
distance um you want to ask if they
agree with the following logic so you
tell them it's a logic question do you
agree with the following
logic uh that attorney general bill bar
and other advisers told Trump the 2020
election was fair and therefore Trump
knew the election was not
rigged so ask them if they agree with
that if they agree with that that's
cognitive
dissonance right now some of you are
saying but why is it why is that
cognitive dissonance if you're saying
that you're having cognitive dissonance
because everybody who doesn't have
cognitive dissonance knows immediately
what wrong with it and it's and here's
the important part it's not because some
people are good at logic and some people
are not this is something everybody
knows right let me give you an
example if you can't find your phone and
the only place you look is in your
bedroom can you conclude that no phone
exists everybody knows that that would
not be logical there there's nobody who
needs a logic lesson to to know that if
the only place you looked and you didn't
find it you could not conclude that it
does not exist anywhere else on Earth we
all know that now there's a special case
where if I ask you is there milk in the
refrigerator and you looked and there
was one container and you look and it's
empty and then you look really carefully
in the rest of the refrigerator and
there's no other milk yes in that very
weird specific case you can know there's
no milk in the
refrigerator but you know that's a very
special case but an election with 50
different states and you know who
however many precincts hundreds
thousands I don't even
know who who could possibly know that
all of the code of all the the election
machines every person who could have
done something
didn't is not knowable and everybody
knows that but you will get Democrats to
act like they don't know it that's
cognitive dissonance so the pretending
you don't understand the point is that
now if instead of addressing this you
know the moment you say okay that's
cognitive distance they say and you've
heard you've all heard
it the courts found nothing wrong with
the
election that's exactly the same
point the courts don't check everything
and the people who took things to the
court also can't check everything
so what the court saw was you know this
light tiny little sliver of a grain of
sand on the beach that's all they saw so
if they saw one grain of sand on the
beach can they conclude anything about
all beaches in the world probably not
so you will find out that after you
point out that somebody's in cognitive
dissonance for believing they know
something doesn't exist because they
didn't look for it very well they will
get angry and then what do they do
first they get angry what's the next
thing that
happens they change the subject but but
but Trump did something else bad find
people hoax but but but he said drink
bleach the drinking bleach hes right it
and it will always go that way or it
will turn into name calling I've
experienced
this well I guess you get your news from
kinon and I'll say this has nothing to
do with qanon and also I was debunking
qanon yeah yeah yeah but you get your
all your news from Fox News to which I
say no I don't I consciously and
publicly look at all the news sources
left and right and I criticize them all
yeah but Trump CR Trump said that a guy
with a disability in his arm he mocked
him in public no he didn't
you look at the compilation uh clips
that the right never sees where he's
been using the same gesture for ordinary
everyday people with no disabilities
forever which they have never
seen anyway so that's your fun for
Thanksgiving um Washington DC is having
trouble getting enough social workers uh
they've got some kind of a diversity
problem here cuz I guess there's some
kind of test you can take to qualify as
a social worker and 76% of white test
takers passed but only 33% of black test
takers did and weirdly uh Asian American
Test takers were in
between which you don't normally see in
these objective tests but um the belief
is that uh what's happening here is that
it's letting too many white people get
into the jobs and is what they say d
diversifying the field in other words
it's a field they want like everything
else to be Diversified but when you have
a test that white people are passing a
at a you know three times or more the
level of black people you're working
you're going in the opposite
direction and now you might ask
yourself uh and then the claim is that
the test itself is racially
biased so they're not saying that the
black applicants have less
qualifications they're saying that it's
a test that if you gave it to any white
person and any black person on average
not any person but on average um there
would be a racial bias bias built into
the questions so massive that has like a
tripling effect of you know who passes
and who fails I mean really B big effect
so what's your first
question what's your first question can
you give me an example of one of those
questions right well it turns out that
there they private and it makes sense
cuz it's a test you can't give people
the questions cuz then they know the
answers before they took the test so
they can't tell you the questions they
can only tell you they that they've
secretly seen the questions and they
think that they might be
biased do you buy that is that a strong
argument the things we can't show you
are
biased well remember there used to be
the same argument about the SATs
do you remember that years ago people
said the SATs the questions are biased
and I remember saying the same thing can
you give me an example of a biased math
question or or a biased any other kind
of question and they actually had an
example that that persuaded me now I
don't know how many of these there are
but I'm going to give you the same
example and I remember hearing it and
thinking I'll be damned they do actually
have an example that's complet
completely racially biased here's the
example I heard now I'm not going to
claim that from this one example you can
say much but what if there are more
examples you know I was surprised there
was even one example and I'm going to
give it to you but what if there more or
here's the example the question was
something like match this word to the to
the one that's you know that goes with
it and the Word was cup and and the
options were table saucer and then some
third one like
plate the white applicants or the white
test takers were more likely to say cup
and saucer because they're literally a
pair cup and saucer but if you were from
a low-income house what are the odds
you'd ever seen a saucer so it turns out
that a lot of the low-income people
didn't even what a saucer
was is that their is that their fault is
is is there something you know wrong
with them that they' never heard of a
saucer no actually you would need to be
at a certain economic level before you'd
ever seen one you'd never seen one you
know so it's not even a word in your
vocabulary and I thought to myself
that's actually a good
point well do you agree with that one do
you agree with that one
point
well here's what I would say
what did the poor white people
do did the poor white people say
table so I don't know the answer to that
question but in both in both cases I was
surprised that there could be a question
that might that might actually have some
racial bias to it that was a better
example than I was expecting so I'm not
going to say because I don't know that
this test is uh unbiased and you know
there's something wrong with the test
takers I don't know
that but we we got questions we got
questions all
right here's some maybe good news but
it's it's a good news I've been reading
about for I know my entire life and it's
never been true yet so here's the thing
that's never been true even
once but it gets reported once a month
forever there's a gigantic breakthrough
in cancer
treatment now I get that the cancer
people have actually made amazing
strides in a in a number of different
cancers so there's been quite a bit of
progress but the the major breakthrough
the one that gets all the cancers you
know we're always hearing that that's
that's Ah that's a week way never is no
nope but here's but this one is
interesting more interesting than most
so scientists at the UC Davis
Comprehensive Cancer Center in
Sacramento they they think they found
this thing called the cd95 receptor that
can program a cancer cell to die in
other words there might be a common
element to all cancers that's a kill
switch now all the other treatments have
not looked for a kill switch they've
looked for a weakness I mean this is my
non-scientist explanation they've looked
for weaknesses they could exploit but
they never found a Kill switch like if
you just tweak this thing boom just
turns
off uh now they don't have any
apparently they don't have any
treatments that will turn it off but but
but they think that's potentially
possible now here's here's even the
reason I'm telling you this story at all
because it falls into the category of
things that they get real excited about
because they cured a mouse and then it
just doesn't work in a person right I
mean you've seen that a billion times
which is typical Mo most of the mouse
studies do not actually translate into
humans but it's better than not doing a
mouse study you know if it fails in the
mouse study you're probably done but the
humans just don't work like mice enough
to think it's going to work because it
worked in a
mouse but here's my question if you were
to look at the let's say the Machinery
of cancer if you you treat the cancer
cell like it's a a really complicated
machine if you're human being and you're
trying to figure out the
machine how many decades did it take us
to find that there's this cd95 receptor
like it took forever and it might have
even been an accident I don't know you
know maybe they just stumbled on it but
how many how many complications are
there in a cell cancer cell if you
imagine it like a machine because it is
kind of a biological machine with
parts um it may be too complicated that
any human could even know how to get
their head around it but what about
AI do you think AI could look at a bunch
of cancer cells and a bunch of different
situations and then use its Advanced
pattern
recognition and maybe the visual kind as
opposed to the word
kind could it determine the the
mechanism that makes the machine work
simply by seeing a lots of examples of a
cancer cell working so you put it in
lots of different situations and watch
how works you see what changes and maybe
you look for a
pattern I don't know but but I wonder if
pattern recognition could get you to
understanding the Machinery of a
cell if you could see enough parts of it
working you know too complicated for a
human but too complicated for a I don't
know a quantum computer with AI I don't
know so just something to think
about all right uh how about that 2024
election um so rasmuson did a poll says
53% of likely voters think the economy
has gotten worse under Biden well 30%
say the economy has gotten better how in
the world can you get
reelected if more than half of the
people think the economy got worse under
you now of course everything's unfair
because the um the pandemic just changed
all the economics of things
so you can't really give him credit for
the increase in employment because that
was going to happen naturally you can't
really fault him for the economy not
being as good as it was before the
pandemic there pretty good reasons for
that but in terms of how people react
and vote how in the world can he get it
get elected when more than half of the
country thinks he made the economy worse
or he didn't make it
better well yeah I'd be worried about
those
worried about election
Integrity but related to this and also
rasmuson if you if you don't follow the
rasmuson
account uh they they're very active in
running down all the various allegations
about 2020 and what evidence there is
that has not been debunked and it is a
whole different world when you look at
their claims which by the way are always
backed with documents
right everything raspin has said about
the election they print the document you
know they point to the you know the
paragraph that matters to their point
you can see yourself so there there are
still bunch of things going on I'm kind
of lost in it but I'll tell you this
this world of we almost have the Kraken
is completely different from the other
world in the other
world
uh that everything's been debone
and it's just done do you know the story
about the I I've told this a bunch of
times there's an allegation that there's
a locked closet with 150,000 ballots
that are fake ballots and that the
courts wouldn't open the thing but it
went to a higher court and they said yes
you got to open it up but the lower
court is dawling but if they could open
up that door you know you could see that
the ballots were or were not
fake but then I read the Atlanta
Constitution it says oh that's an old
claim and they've already looked at all
the ballots and the ballots were
fine those two things can't be the same
they've either looked at all these
questionable ballots and found no
problem which is in the
newspaper or the court is doing
something that doesn't make any sense
which is trying to look at look for
those same ballots that have already
been checked in a room is it exactly
150,000 in both cases but it's two
different cases I don't understand
what's going going
on I cannot I cannot figure out how to
combine those two realities even by
explaining that one has the wrong
information and one has the right
information like they are just so
different worlds right now and I don't
know what to make of it so I'll I'll
tell you my general advice for every
specific claim the odds of it being true
or vanishingly
small but there's a lot of activity
going on
the odds of all of it being
untrue well here I would go back to my
general statement that every one of the
our American institutions has shown
itself to be corrupt just recently not
it's not even historical but in the last
just few years you found everything from
the Department of Justice the FBI the
CIA the you know the FDA the CDC the
World Health Organization if you go
outside of America
am I right we found everything from
science to Congress every bit of it is
corrupt in really really substantial
ways so what are the odds that the
elections in all 50 states were
pristine close to zero now that doesn't
mean that there was enough fraud to over
over you know change the result I have
no no information about that to support
that
theory but there's a lot going on there
in a sketchy domain so I'm I'm going to
say it's the claims are still
alive but I could not put any kind of
likelihood on them based on the
facts uh I will default to my three act
play model of prediction and the third
act model says that even though the
evidence is
unclear that reality is going to start
solidifying toward finding a kraken
right before the election and it turns
out that at least one of these cases I
think the Georgia
one uh something substantial might be
decided in the world of the 2020
election before Trump has his trial
about whether his claims about the
election he knew they were
fake so the so the timing is now as I
predicted the timing is now lined up
correctly that we'll know something
about the election of 2020 it it may be
perfectly fine we might find that out
but the timing is lined up so we would
find that out before Trump is called
into account for anything he did because
of his belief that there was
fraud it's looking too perfect at the
moment um Aaron says to me yeah you're
too smart for a qinon but you'd readily
vote for the Lar q q shelan in Arizona
position we live
in yes I would was there a point you had
to
make I I see I see the anger and the
sarcasm but I don't see the
point you're just saying what I said
that I would vote for him and I don't
believe
Kut is there a problem with that is
there some some conflict with that I
didn't say that he'd be a great Congress
person did did you hear something I
didn't say I didn't say that he would do
policies that I love I never said
that yeah drunk in the morning I
think all right uh there also in the
rasmuson
universe um there are some Wisconsin
election
election
machines and there's a document that
shows a claim that somebody was going to
to make sure that they kept the
important ones connected to the internet
with a secret
connection now that that one actually
looks too on the nose for me that it's
in writing you know it looks like a real
document and there somebody was going to
keep secret internet connections to some
machines like like that's just too on
the nose if I had to guess and it would
only be a guess it might be true that
there was techi who said we'll keep
these important ones connected to the
internet but that doesn't mean that they
connected to them to to the internet to
cheat it could be they connected to them
to the internet for some kind of test
that was temporary I don't know I don't
know so I don't know what I don't even
know how to score this one for his
likelihood there's just so much going on
in this election domain but again
remember at least 90% of everything you
hear about these election
will be debunked you can guarantee that
even if there's anything true most will
be
BS all right um Greta
tunberg so you all know her famous
climate science Advocate was at an event
and uh uh another climate protester who
you would think would be on her side uh
came on stage and took the mic away from
her because she kept talking about um
Gaza and he was like um we're here to
talk about climate uh this is not for
you to talk about
Gaza
so that was fun so watching the climate
people ha hate on each
other
um Cornell West making news so despite
the fact that Cornel West says directly
that you know he l loves all of his uh
Jewish brothers and sisters um he still
calls the situation over there an
occupation and here here's what I call
word
thinking
um oh wow
um so word thinking thinks you can win
the argument if you get people to agree
with your word so that's what this is so
Corell West is not engaged in anything
like you know reason or debate he's
trying to win by getting you to think
that his use of a word is the way you
should use it too so he says that Israel
is uh that it's an
occupation what does that
mean is is Gaza occupied well at the
moment it is but was Gaza occupied when
Israel pulled
out does he mean that or
and what does occupied mean if you have
a society in which some people like how
it's going and some
don't it's like everybody's
occupied right so that Word occupation
is doing way too much
lifting and he's getting all the push
back you would
imagine so uh yeah a lot of push back on
that now he also uses um
apartheid so those those would be the
two
most let's say disputed words in in this
situation but the biggest problem he
makes is trying to conflate all this
stuff um I going to say it
again I judge the October 7th event like
it was the beginning of History it
wasn't and things that happened before
matter but not to
this not to this you know the the you
know the actual ATT on October 7th
requires a strong response that has
nothing to do with anything that ever
came before so I refused to act like
that that the history had anything to do
with
anything and I ask you this
question given that the Palestinians
have a tremendous amount of support more
support than you thought right you
probably a lot of you were surprised wow
a lot of
Palestinian uh support that you didn't
know about now given that they have so
much support which means that their
public relations has been successful to
some extent don't you think they could
use that level of support to really
highlight the specific complaints that
Corno West would call
occupation or or
apartheid like what would be an example
and and if they could give an example
could they give a specific solution so
one one of the cases might be you know
our water rights were you know taken
over by Israeli Farmers something like
that you know some ordinary thing like
that but what was the
alternative you know you need to know a
little bit about that was there was
there a legitimate
claim was the water not being used but
it could be used productively over here
was there any court case about it I mean
there's a lot to know before you can say
if something's a
an occupation or simply the way things
made sense at the
time
so the dog not barking here and I'll say
it a million times is if there's really
a Palestinian set of complaints that
would go under the title an occupation
and an
apartheid give us
examples give us real examples and then
maybe it would look to us like oh wow
they actually have some like real
political complaints here maybe we
should take this
seriously but if on the back of hamas's
you know incredible terrorist attack
you're trying to push this vague notion
that there's Badness going on with no
examples it doesn't sound like anything
useful and it makes the entire
Palestinian narrative look like it's not
real would you
agree that the fact that the these
allegedly
legitimate complaints are completely
ignored while there seems to be a little
bit too much um let's say too much
understanding of why something like the
Hamas situation could occur you maybe
that's giving that a little bit too
much too much uh
credibility so um and then I'll remind
my audience that I'm not trying to be
objective about the uh Israel in Gaza
situation so unlike some other topics
where I'm really trying to make you know
an effort to show both sides before I
give you an opinion I'm not going to do
that in this
case not at all I I'm backing the team
that wouldn't kill me if they had a
chance is that fair I'm telling you this
directly the Jews aren't going to kill
me if they had an
opportunity
right but Hamas they would kill me if
they had an opportunity so it's not like
there's you know I I don't recognize two
sides there's my side people who would
even protect me you know it would be
easy to imagine you know the Jewish
population being protective of American
population if if the opportunity came up
easily but I don't see Hamas protecting
me if the opportunity came up so I'm
just taking um I'm not even looking at
it politically I'm just taking sides
with the with the group that's on my
side that's it so don't ask me to
consider the history I don't care I
don't care about any of their history I
care about backing the side that's on my
side that's
it all
right uh VI has an interesting idea for
firing government employees because he
wants to reduce the number of uh emplo
employees he said uh this is really
clever so listen to this so if a says
the number one obstacle to stop Trump
from firing the bureaucrats you know the
Civil Service people is because they had
too much protection so if you fired a
bunch of civil servants you could expect
that some gigantic number of them would
file suits and say the only reason you
got rid of me is cuz I'm black or gay or
whatever it is and then even if it's not
true uh and maybe in some cases it would
be true but in any case you'd have too
many
lawsuits so it just isn't practical
here's V's
idea uh fire 50% of federal bureaucrats
immediately using any neutral metric for
example if your s social security number
ends in an odd number you're
fired because nobody can say that
discrimination was involved
because there there's Randomness to who
has what social security
numbers now is that a good idea or a bad
idea I actually can't tell but here's
what I like about it it's outside the
box he just picked well he just picked
up the box and just shook the piss out
of it how much do I like the Box shakers
oh I like them I like my box shakers
yeah shake that freaking box there
V now I I put this in the category of
brainstorming and the the concept I've
taught you a million times which is
sometimes the bad idea will get you
closer to the good idea because it
shakes up the way you're thinking about
it this is such a radical departure from
the way government has ever done
anything that it suddenly opens up your
brain you go wait a minute wait a minute
if you can go that far out of the
out of the
ordinary maybe you could go out of the
ordinary in another way you know maybe
I've got a better idea to go outside the
ordinary so this is this is yet another
case of aake uh making the country a
better place without yet being
elected just the fact that he put this
into the public mind is freaking awesome
right you could you could end up not
liking it there might be an argument
against it I'm sure there is but wow I
mean he's making us
smarter before he's elected the the fact
that you now have this in your head as
one of the things that you could offer
as an idea in a similar situation he
just made you smarter like who else does
that and he kind of owns that that thing
where he's making things well RFK Jr too
I would say I think rfj K Jr is a you
know a patriot for making the process
better by
participating all right
um I saw a DC Drano
post Reuters is reporting that Master
Guard is uh now linking their bonuses of
their employees to ESG
goals or as DC Drano points
out uh they will get a bonus for
avoiding hiring white men
just think about that your employees
will get a bonus for the for how
effectively they discriminate against
white men in the real world that's like
a real thing they use different words to
describe it but there's no other way to
see
it how's that still
okay even Black Rock has backed off from
pushing ESG because they said it was
just poison you know too many people
just see it as
poison and and somebody's handling your
money the people you know the people who
help you handle your money got this
going on well I'll tell you I would
never use MasterCard if I had an
option so I would just use something
else if if you have an option I wouldn't
use
it all
right
um I saw a provocative posted today but
it's provocative it maybe a slightly
different way than you're going to take
it so there was some data that showed
that since
1959 so this is basically my lifetime
all right I was born in 57 so basically
my lifetime this is a data that is
alleged to be true that um the number of
black people killed by white people
during my lifetime murdered you know
just
murdered
53,000
in my lifetime white people have
murdered
53,000 freaking black people murdered
them at the same time black people
killed
156,000 white
people now of course your brain is
saying wait there are far fewer black
people in the world but they killed uh
three times as many white people as the
reverse
so so there's going to be a you know
racial element to your thinking when I
tell you
this but here's what you should be
thinking like just forget the Race part
for a
minute we Americans killed 200,000 of
each other in my lifetime not
accidentally not accidentally in my
lifetime
Americans killed 200 thousand
other Americans
intentionally that that just like makes
my brain
explode but I'm still in favor of Second
Amendment just in case you
wondered so I guess that's the cost of
of you know gun
ownership and if you asked me is it
worth it yes
yes it's not easy but nothing
is all right um how would you like me to
reprogram Alex Soros who now runs the
George Soros funding operation how would
you like me to reprogram him so that he
uh no longer is destroying
America would you like to give me that
challenge anybody anybody challenge
accepted I've already done it so this
morning
um Alex Soros did a post on X in which
he said this and so this was just 9 hour
well probably 10 hours ago he said uh
for all those saying that they won't
vote for Biden because of Gaza please
realize you will be complicit in Trump
being able to do all of this and then
the all of this is a link to his uh uh
Trump's immigration proposals which were
quite Draconian you know rounding up 4
million people and put putting them
temporarily into some kind of camps
until they can be repatriated to the
original countries now I'm not going to
argue whether Trump had a good or bad
plan at the moment that's a separate
conversation I think he'll end up you
know negotiating it down like he did the
first time you know not deporting 25
million people like he said he would but
it's a good you know opening offer
probably works during the primaries you
makes them a little stronger Etc um so
what do you think of
that is that is that a reasonable
statement from Alexander Soros to say
that uh if you won't vote for Biden
because of Gaza you should realize that
what you're getting is these Trump
immigration policies is that a good
point well kind of yeah I mean at least
the the the cause and effect is solid
right if you get Trump if the reason you
voted for Trump was cuz Gaza you're
going to get all the Trump
stuff that's true
however Alex Soros did open up a
persuasion Channel which I don't think
he knew he was
doing and when he opened that channel I
said to myself that's what I've been
waiting for that's exactly what I've
been waiting for I didn't know what I
was waiting for but I knew it in heed to
be an opening and this opening just came
so I quote tweeted
him or quote posted him and I said this
to Alexander Soros I said you are the
reason Trump will get elected Alex open
borders crime in
cities uh that's what I hear from voters
on the right I doubt Trump would be
competitive I doubt Trump would be
competitive in
2024 without
you the left and right live in different
bubbles so you might not be aware of
this and we're
done now this is why I told you if I had
a million followers I could change the
world generally speaking if you use the
xplatform at all if somebody quote treat
quote uh tweets you and that person has
a million followers you're going to
notice
it would you say that's I mean he's he's
a political actor probably follows
social media at least cursory but even
if he doesn't follow it himself it's the
sort of thing somebody would mention to
him right now when I
said to Alex Soros Alex you are
specifically the reason Trump will be
elected is that
fair I I think it's fair because the um
the things that are the tiebreakers with
what would be a close election is crime
in cities and
immigration and especially in the
context of the Gaza situation it makes
you it gives you a higher level of
concern about our own immigration
situation now if Alex Soros saw that and
I think there's a good chance he will is
he going to disagree with my point do
you think that he doesn't know that what
will elect Trump is the open borders
that his family um supports and funds
and the then the prosecutors allowing
too much crime in the cities do you
think he doesn't know
that well if he didn't and I think it's
possible because the bubbles are so
extreme he he may have never talked to
anybody on the right yeah it's possible
that in years he hasn't had a serious
conversation with anybody who is uh
capable of describing a reasonable
Republican opinion about things probably
probably never but I kept I kept my
comment and and look at the technique as
well so you see in the first sentence I
use this first
name now often when people do that
they're doing it in sort of a mocking
aggressive way so people will say to me
well Scotty here's what you forgot you
know it's usually when you use
somebody's first name and you don't know
them it's is a little bit of an Neu
right but I didn't use it that way so I
used it in the way that you would talk
to a friend so I said you are the reason
Trump will get elected Alex so I wanted
to make sure that he didn't see this as
an
attack because I don't mean it that way
I mean it as
persuasion based on the real world and
not in any way a propaganda and not in
any way an attack I honestly believe
this is my actual belief with no
ambiguity in it whatsoever that there
couldn't be any way that Alex Soros
knows the impact of his
actions would you agree with that and I
think that that's not his fault I think
that we all live in such a bubble that
you know I don't know the impact of my
actions either because I only see what
happens in my
bubble It's Perfectly Natural to not see
the the impact of your actions right
that that wouldn't be surprising at all
and especially if you're surrounded with
people telling you everything you do is
awesome
all right so and then
um and then I make a claim which is
checkable that the open borders and the
crime in the cities are big levers for
Trump now that's checkable wouldn't you
say there are polls and people tell you
what they care about you could look at a
poll of Republican opinion and just see
what's near the top and then see if you
are the cause of the things near the top
and the answer is yes yeah yeah
immigration and crime would be near the
top and they very much would be
him now I've said before that I would be
surprised if George Soros um all of his
views and opinions are completely
adopted by his
son now while George Soros is alive and
presumably he could maybe still take
power away from his son if he needed to
probably they'll be in lock
step but soon after the the father
passes I would expect Alex Soros because
he's not the same person to have some
Freedom that maybe he doesn't have at
the moment and I can't believe that he
would look at the result of his actions
up to this point with his father and say
that worked out if he had access to the
same information that you and I have so
I think he's
persuadable I do not believe uh the um
the Elon Musk idea that George Soros
hates humanity and that that somehow
explains what Alex Soros is doing that
doesn't make sense to me because if
George Soros hates Humanity because he
went through the
Holocaust but his son was probably
raised in a totally privileged situation
nowhere near anything like that why
would they both have the same
opinion like that I mean even though it
comes from your father and you know
that's very influential you know there
there there are more cases where people
reject their father than accept it right
so it doesn't quite make sense that the
son is acting the way the father does so
my my my theory is that there's an
information problem there's just a gap
in
information that I filled it in for him
and I I kept it sure and
respectful right I tried to keep it
respectful well let me ask you did it
come off as
respectful because if it wasn't
respectful then it
failed I'll read it again is this
respectful uh you are the reason Trump
will get reelected Alex open borders
crime in
cities uh that's what I hear from voters
on the right I doubt Trump would be
competitive in 2024 without you the left
and right live in different bubbles so
you might not be aware of this is that
respectful cuz I do mean to be
respectful I have no reason to believe
that Alex Soros is a bad
guy I don't the evidence suggests that
the father is his own entity and we
don't know what will happen when his
influence
wains so interestingly one person Alex
Soros
has really The Leverage to determine who
the next president is and also to save
the country
Alex Soros can save the
country that's not an exaggeration is it
imagine if that just one change if he
just said okay I'm going to have to
prioritize you know the defense of
innocent people that's all it would take
you know maybe we push too hard we still
want we still want lots of immigration
but we don't want to do it this way
gigantic so you have one person who
absolutely has control over the outcome
and I would ask
him be be a citizen of the world right
just be a good citizen just just just
take the time to see what the
Republicans are thinking and saying just
take the time just just open up your
bubble a little bit and I think
everything works out if you just open up
your bubble is that too
optimistic
sure yeah yeah one one of the things I
like to bring you is optimism is
optimism always a good prediction hell
no optimism can be a pretty bad
prediction a lot of the times but
overall I think you know we humans will
figure stuff out and I do think that uh
Alex Soros is young enough and smart
enough that if he can escape from his
bubble that the world would be immensely
better I mean really big difference if
he you know turned his power just a
little bit he can still have immigration
by the way if what he wants is Freer
immigration I actually like that a lot I
think the world would be a better place
if you could just pick up and move
anywhere there was a job as long as you
were documented and legal and you obeyed
the
laws I think we can make that work
actually in fact it would probably work
in in America better than we work in
other places so long as we also had some
filter for making sure we're getting the
the good immigrants you know the ones
who want to work and don't want to do
crime
so you know there there's a version of
the the Soros image of the world that
actually does work for Republicans I
know it's hard to believe but there is a
version that works and he could find it
if if that's his mission if he wants to
do
that you saying he's disqualified
himself well I would agree at the moment
that his credibility is not where you'd
like it to be but remember we do not see
him as an independent actor yet he might
become one that would be the optimism
but not yet and it's not that unusual
that people you know pivot from where
their parents were so yeah I do have
some optimism about that I absolutely
do all right ladies and Gent
this is what I've got for you today on
YouTube thanks for joining and uh as
always you're awesome and I'll talk to
you
tomorrow