but a pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
well what a 24-hours sure I'll tell you
the news doesn't get any more
interesting than then it has been lately
and I'll tell you something else there's
some something else you you need to know
right now you need to know Morning Joe
is freaking out good so if you're not
watching this periscope either live or
on replay you'll have no idea what's
happening in the world so I'm gonna give
you a little trapdoor to get out of all
this stuff that's happening to get to a
little little higher vantage point kind
of look at it with some perspective some
of this is very funny my favorite part
of the morning is I just retweeted so
you can see it in my Twitter feed a well
there was a patient meeting a lot of a
lot of you don't know that Senator Rand
Paul is actually a physician how many of
you knew that knew that Senator Rand
Paul is actually a trained physician and
I did a clip in which he's he's
diagnosing a case a really bad case of
Trump derangement syndrome and normally
you don't get to see a video of an
office meeting between a physician and
his patient but I want to show you a
little bit of a clip from it his patient
is this guy named Wolf Blitzer like that
can't be a real name but dr. Paul
joining us let me get right to the
question do you believe that the
president Trump's meeting with with
Putin made America safer you know I
think engagement with our adversaries
conversation with a good idea even in
the very comfortable let's hear from the
patient sounds like a would be an
example of arrangement he's getting
excited I see some spittle
he's melting down dr. who save him
doctor
all right now the doctor gets the talks
full meltdown Oh full PDF all right well
it goes on like that but if you haven't
seen it yet you have to watch it until
the final the final sign-off of the
interview it's a classic
so there you have and I'm not making
this up
Senator Rand Paul is actually a trained
physician and he's he's diagnosing Wolf
Blitzer now what's interesting is that
the the little label on this clip from
CNN says says let's say Rand Paul sides
with Trump over a US Intel does that
look like what happened okay first of
all the this is that absolute fake news
Rand Paul did not side with Trump over
us Intel nothing like that happened
nothing so you've got a CNN with just
the most obvious fake news because you
can just listen to what people said to
say nobody said anything like that let
me tell you how to sort this all out and
keep your sanity so let's talk about all
the lying from yesterday and there was
some good lying yesterday let's start
with Putin you saw the many of you saw
the interview in which Putin talked to
who was Putin talking to Chris Wallace
and Chris Wallace by the way gave a
great interview he didn't hold back a
bit and it was it was pretty great but
remember what I told told you about
detecting lies if you say to somebody
did you murder the deceased and if the
person says no I didn't are you crazy
where do you even hear that well it's
crazy that that person might be innocent
but if you say did you murder that dead
person and the person says why what do
you know what evidence do you have that
person's almost always lying and almost
so he's guilty in that example now if
you saw the Chris Wallace interview with
Putin let me summarize some of Putin's
answer to the question about the troll
farms and I think this actually was an
answer he gave during the press
conference or yeah might have been the
press conference when asked about the
troll farms what did Putin say he did
not say no I had nothing to do with any
of that
he said well you know there are
companies that operate on their own and
do things on their own that isn't
obvious tell for a lie because when
people don't do something they say I
didn't do that but you know I can
explain why it probably happened so on
the question of whether Trump was aware
I'm sorry of whether Putin was aware of
the troll farms it looks like he was now
none of this is a hundred percent
confirmed but if you were to look at the
of what honest people say versus the
pattern of what people who are trying to
deceive you say it's pretty clear that
Putin was not giving a clean denial
now take the question that Chris Wallace
asked about the the murders by poison on
UK soil what was Putin's response to are
you murdering dissidents in the UK did
Putin say no we do not do that nope he
didn't he didn't say that he said we
have not been shown any document they
would show us evidence that would
suggest that we have done that that's
what you say when you're guilty all
right that's exactly what you say when
you're guilty so I would say that Putin
has essentially confessed to the
poisonings and there was a question of
of interference in the election and the
13 or so Russians who were indicted now
if you if if Russia did not attempt to
interfere with the election when asked
they would say we don't interfere with
elections we did not do that these
allegations are completely false now
that doesn't mean you're not lying but
an honest person talks that way
a dishonest person says I'll make you a
deal Muller's team can come over to
Russia and they can talk to our people
and what would that interview look like
hey Boris imagine Muller's team over
there interviewing some of these
suspects hey Boris did you do these
things we accuse you of doing and Boris
says nope and then the Moller team says
I remind you that you're under oath and
then the Russian says no I'm not I'm in
Russia I'm not under any oath that's the
end of the interview isn't it
I mean if you're not under oath does it
make any difference if you talk to him
because all they have to do is save no I
didn't do that and then then you show
them a document and say okay here's a
photograph of you actually pushing the
button to do this hack on the DNC here
it is it's a video we've got a secret
video or showing you do it what do you
say to that that's it that's not me in
that video nope not me
so what Putin has offered the let's
let's go to you you can come to Russia
and talk to our people it means
absolutely nothing all right so that
also suggests suggests that he's lying
now given that Putin has clearly lied on
at least three topics in my opinion that
this is my judgment that only a liar
talks in this pattern so it seems he's
admitted the UK poisoning which by the
way I don't think Putin wants the world
to not think he does because it's a good
way to to squash dissent how would you
like to be a dissenter against Putin
right now when you know he's just he
could just poison you wherever you are
whatever country it's kind of good for
Putin to keep that that fear out there
the troll forum part was obviously
deception and the the thing about Buller
was just a diversion so I would say that
at this point
Putin has essentially confessed publicly
in the way that you know people try to
hide their their true true guilt he's
talked in the way that makes it look
completely guilty now nothing's 100% I'm
just saying that the way he talked is
exactly how a liar talks exactly how now
let's talk about the president
the president has said a few things that
got people chattering today yesterday he
said when asked about the Intel the US
Intel agencies and I'm gonna paraphrase
a little bit what about them they say
Russia definitely did it and what did
Trump said say he said well Putin says
he didn't do it he was very strong on
that how did the media report that and I
think the president also said some
things about the lack of credibility for
the Intel agencies if he didn't say
yesterday you said it before so that's
the context so the news reports that as
the president has believes Putin over
his own Intel that didn't happen that
didn't happen so the biggest story of
the day is something that you can see
with your own eyes and hear with your
own ears never happened not once did the
president say well I'm comparing these
two things of this one I believe more
than that no words like that came out of
his mouth what he did say is that Putin
claims he didn't do it
and he was very strong on that those two
things are factually true not what I'm
not saying that what Putin claims is
true is true I'm saying that the
observation that Putin said it didn't
happen is true that's an observation
it's also true that our Intel agencies
don't have great credibility now he also
mentioned that the that the server was
somehow missing and that that that
degrades the credibility of our own
position that's just true
would anybody argue that that the fact
that the server was not looked at by her
own Intel agencies that's problematic
now that doesn't mean it's a whole story
but somebody says I'm twisting his words
like Charlottesville no you can check
his words you can see that that I'm
giving it to you straight
so how do you how do you reconcile that
on one on one hand doesn't it seem to
you let me let me test your beliefs
beliefs on this doesn't it seem to you
and I'm gonna explain all this in a
minute doesn't it seem to you that the
president couldn't possibly believe
Putin now he may have some questions
about his own Intel agencies that seems
clear especially you know past past our
performance but how do you explain that
the president seems in public to act
like he is believing Putin how do you
think why do you why do you think he'd
do that
do you think it's because he does do you
think the President does believe him all
right you have to see this
along with his tweet the president
tweeted that we have to forget the past
we have to move past the past we have to
break out of I'm paraphrasing we have to
break out of our mental prison of the
past does that sound familiar what's the
worst way to break away from your prison
of the past blaming somebody of
something they did in the past that's
the worst way what's the best way to
break free of your prison of the past
well you saw it you saw the president go
on I'm on television in front of the
world and not throw Putin under the bus
even though it should be really obvious
to everyone that there were good reasons
to throw Putin under the bus now most of
his critics the president's critics are
saying they're saying my god you have to
be tough with Putin you can't believe
him because he lied to all of our other
presidents before him before Trump and
he just says whatever he says and
everybody thinks they're looking into
his soul and then you trust him and then
it's a big mistake well how how much
luck if we had pressuring Russia so the
way that all of president Trump's
critics want him to act how how
productive would that be so if President
Trump let's say he had gone in front of
the public and said you know I believe
our Intel people I think Putin's lying I
think he lied during the meeting I think
he's lied every time he talked about
this and he's standing next to me right
now and he's lying to you right now
that's what his critics asked him to do
right whether they actually asked him
not to go to the meeting in the first
place which i think would be the worst
solution to not have a dialogue with
somebody who was an adversary with
nuclear weapons and we have lots of
common interests and fighting terrorism
and stuff so imagine if President Trump
had done what his critics wanted him to
do can you even imagine any scenario
where we would come out ahead I don't
think he can I can't think of any
scenario where you could possibly come
out ahead by pressuring Russia the way
his critics want them to so remember I
told you that what President Trump likes
to do is enter any situation and then
shake the box and I and I tell you that
he's the best box shaker because he has
one quality president Trump does that
you can't find in you know if you
searched a million people it would be
hard to find this quality in a person
he can do things and take the heat like
nobody you've ever seen before
right you can't shake the box unless
you're willing to put up with whatever
happens and that means just insane
levels of criticism does president Trump
seem to be able to put up with insane
level of criticisms yeah clearly yeah
he's actually said he loves the heat and
it seems to be true he seems like the
attention so he shakes the box and gives
us a situation we've never been in
before have we ever been in a situation
where we're doubting our own Intel
agencies were we're tweeting trip were
tweeting Putin as if he told the truth
while not a single person anywhere on
the planet believes he's telling the
truth about everything you say let me
say if there's one thing I can promise
you the I would take a bullet on this
bet I would say put a gun to my head and
I'll make a bet and if I'm wrong the
bullet shoots and blows my brain now
here's the bet President Trump doesn't
believe what Putin's saying in public
there's not even any chance he believes
that there's not the slightest slightest
chance that he believes what Putin is
saying now not believing what Putin is
saying what are your two choices you
call him out as a liar and then you go
back to the past before the box was
shaken to the path that absolutely
wasn't working that was your only choice
nobody nobody has suggested another
alternative there was one choice go to
the path we know doesn't work because
we've been trying it or you shake the
hell out of this box
and you say the past I'm actually going
to kind of ignore that if you looked at
Chris Wallace's interview there were a
few things that I thought were insanely
important that probably won't get any
late today one of them was that Putin
said that when he talked to Trump about
North Korea way for this part that Putin
said he understood that for a full
denuclearization of the peninsula the
Korean Peninsula that Russia would have
to be part of security guarantees for
North Korea how important is that all
right if you don't have Russia China and
the US and South Korea signing up for
security guarantees there isn't the
slightest chance that North Korea is
going to get rid of their nukes now you
know there's a big question about
whether they really care or not but
without that there is no chance Putin
just signed up and announced it on TV
and why wouldn't he I mean it seems it's
in his best interest to to give the
United States what it needs more than
anything in the world which is help with
North Korea compared to Russia as a risk
Russia is under control you know they're
they have zero interest in nuking the
United States but we don't know about
North Korea we don't know who they might
sell stuff to that's a bigger problem
and we may have gotten closer to a
solution because Putin on that question
is willing to get to be on our team what
was the other thing Putin said to Chris
Wallace he said that we also talked
about Iran and the Iran question and he
hoped Putin said he hoped that he could
be productive on that those are our two
biggest issues and also you know the
basically the entire Syria situation if
you you know consider that part of the
Iran question so these are our biggest
international issues and and and Putin
seems to be stepping up on them
what did we give up what did the
president trade away here's what the
president traded away
he put Putin on the international stage
which is something he can take away and
if I've taught you nothing
you haven't given somebody something
anything you haven't given anything away
if you have the right to take it back in
a moment all the president has to do is
take it back he can push him back off
the stage in ten minutes
so Putin is only on the international
stage wait for it with president Trump's
permission permission if President Trump
withdraws his permission if you will and
pushes Putin back to the shadows who is
going to disagree with that in our
allies and around the world nobody
nobody Putin is back to something that
looks like you know big-time player on
the same stage with Trump only because
Trump is allowing it
who has the leverage it looks like Trump
because he created as he always does an
asset that didn't exist before it's the
same thing he did with Kim Jong hoon Kim
jong-un has something a little bit of
credibility with the world etc that he
did not have before
president Trump created that credibility
out of nothing except persuasion he just
did the same thing in front of you for
Putin he created a version of Putin and
a brand that allows Putin to stand on
the stage next to the President of the
United States is that a permanent thing
it is not it is with permission what
would happen if Putin says I'm not going
to meet with you mr. president would
that diminish the United States it would
not what happens if President Trump says
I'm not going to meet with you anymore
are you
you didn't do your part of the agreement
would that diminish the soap and would
that diminish Russia and Putin yes it
would
Putin Putin has something to lose at
least in terms of that status thing
Trump really doesn't so he's created in
an asset out of nothing
using persuasion alone so you have to
look at you have to look at Trump's two
statements together to understand that
either one of them one of his statements
was with Russia we have to let go of the
past this is important because if you
don't keep that let go of the past thing
the next thing he says will be confusing
to you so Trump stands in front of the
world and says you know your Intel
agency says X but Putin says very
strongly why he did not pick a winner
now there's something else you should
have heard in that and it sounds like
this imagine your hearing or your
hearing President Trump say that Putin
President Putin says they didn't do it
and he was very strong about that now
listen carefully wink wink wink wink
wink D here now wink wink
how about now wink wink could he wink
any harder is it even possible to wink
harder than he was winking did he even
sound a little bit like he believed it
he did not just listen to his sort of
body language it's like yeah Putin said
very strongly they didn't do it do you
really think he believes that no
president Trump is is describing to us a
path to get from the crappy place we
were terrible relations with the country
that we need to solve some other
problems to have it get to a better
place
that's just better for the United States
and here's how you do it hey my guy
standing next to me that I need for a
bunch of things here's how you don't do
it
President Putin you are big liar we
cannot trust anything you say why am I
saying that in a Russian accent let me
say it in American accent President
Putin you're a big ol liar everything
you say is a lie we're going to crush
you would that be good that wouldn't
work how about this President Putin
denies the allegations wink wink wink
wink wink
[Music]
now the problem of course is that the
American public is not so good at
hearing and seeing the wink you have to
see the wink or none of this makes sense
now I see a lot of a lot of folks
talking about that the president let his
ego get in the way because he wants he
wants the public to know that he had a
clean win over Clinton and he doesn't
want to cloud it up with the Russians
ruin the election true I'm sure that his
ego would feel better if he if the
history recorded he had a clean whim and
as far as I know there's no direct
evidence that Russia actually
successfully changed any votes but the
story is out there right and and the
odds that Russia tried to interfere with
our election probably 100 percent odds
that we've tried to interfere with their
politics in the past 100 percent so
we're not really arguing whether anybody
tried to interfere with anybody else 100
percent of course we did Rand Paul just
noted in that video that I was showing
you part you didn't see but he said
there was some study where there were 81
81 instances of countries interfering
with other countries elections
apparently it's the most common thing in
the world
all right so let me ask you this which
would be better for the United States
president Trump saying you know I think
my my election was not legitimate that's
choice one or what he did say this this
Russian interfering stuff is baloney I
won fair and square which one is better
for the country there's no competition
there's no competition there are only
two choices he either says I wasn't
elected legitimately
because Russia helped that would be
terrible for the country terrible for
him as well let's you know that's a
factor but it would be terrible for the
country what would be better for the
country to deny the impact of Russia no
matter what they did or did not do the
smart correct political thing to do is
even if you had secret information that
some some votes were changed you should
lie lie lie why because it's good for me
it's good for you it's good for the
integrity of the country there are
situations where lying is absolutely the
moral and correct thing to do here's
another example there's a terrorist that
says I'm gonna kill somebody unless you
do X but you can lie let's say you lie
and say yeah we did X let that let the
not a terrorist let's say a kidnapper
let the let the victim go well in that
case you're lying to somebody bad and
you've got a better result
now I know what you're gonna say it goes
like this stuff are you saying that the
ends justify the means are you saying
that the ends justify the means yes yes
I am the ends do justify the means
whenever you've done a cost-benefit
analysis when should you do
cost-benefit analysis every time you
make a decision a hundred percent of the
time you should weigh all of the costs
against all of the benefits and then you
should pick and I know this is tricky
you should pick the one that's bigger if
the costs are higher than the benefits
you don't do it if the benefits are
really big but the costs are small then
you do it here's what you don't do go
get yourself a bumper sticker and put it
on your Prius and say the cost though
but the ends don't justify the means the
end so Delta Y the means if the extent
of your analysis is a bumper sticker
that really doesn't even mean anything
because the costs and the benefits are
always compared in all decisions all the
time it's sort of like being against air
I am I am against air I like breathing
but I don't like air I don't like oxygen
alright it doesn't make any sense to
rail against the end justifying the
means when every decision is that that
you're always comparing the cost in the
benefits so should a president lie to
the public about how credible the system
is if he let's say he sincerely believes
that that's what's best for the country
best for everything
absolutely absolutely he should lie
about that I would be very disappointed
if the president came out and said
anything like this you know I'm not so
sure I was legitimately elected oh my
god
the biggest mistake any politician could
ever make yes so before my critics pile
in and say some version of scoff you are
ignoring the ethical and moral dimension
again you are a bad person who ignores
the or ethical and moral tensions no I'm
explicitly saying those are part of the
costs and/or benefits they're not the
only ones sometimes avoiding
nuclear holocaust is also in the
equation in which case telling a lie to
to avoid a nuclear holocaust
maybe those maybe that's case where the
ends justify the means
Dale alright there's there's something I
call the IBM effect happening with the
the pundits who are watching this
situation with Putin etc and the IBM
effect goes like this the back when I
was working in the corporate world so
this is a million years ago if you if
you had a choice of getting an IBM
system or computer versus some other
vendor the the common saying at the time
was nobody ever got fired for choosing
IBM because IBM service etc was so good
that if something went wrong
IBM would just fix it I remember the
first time I did a deal with IBM and I
was in charge of negotiating contracts
for the bank of that section of the bank
and I said okay now let's listen ago she
ate your contract after we had decided
to pick them and the IBM rep said oh we
don't do that and I said come on
everybody negotiates contracts that's
how the world works you know you don't
just give me a contract and IBM said
yeah we do and I would look at the
contract I'd say there's all there's
like all these things we would worry
about that are not mentioned you know
what happens if you put it in a system
and it doesn't work what happens if we
need some kind of an adjustment what
happens if we chose wrong we need an
upgrade that there's nothing in your
contract that would protect us in those
cases and do you know what IVM says they
say where IBM if something's wrong we'll
fix it period that's our business model
if something's wrong we will we will
stay up all night
we'll pay money we'll do what
everything's that's on us and so I ended
up signing a non
contract if you will with IBM that
didn't really say much except we're
gonna buy your stuff and when when
trouble happened because it always does
right nothing goes smoothly
what did IBM do they fixed it was it in
the contract nope did they argue about
it nope because that was their business
model we'll fix it period now here's my
point that was the reason that people
would say nobody ever got fired for
choosing IBM because something always
goes wrong after you choose the system
you've chosen it's like oh I wish I'd
done this right should have done this or
it doesn't work but if you choose the
other vendor something goes wrong and
you might not be able to fix it so
easily so even if it was the right
choice you could still get fired for it
if something gets wrong you're seeing
the same thing here with the Russia
situation if you are a Russia pundit
let's say you're an American pundit
talking about Russia or you are a news
person why is what is the thing you can
say about Putin and Russia that will
never get you fired and by that I mean
you will never be wrong if you say this
and I'll put this as a question what's
the one thing you can always say about
Russia that will make you look like a
legitimate pundit and observer that will
never be wrong you should be tough with
Russia you need to be tough that's it
right that the the IBM opinion on Russia
is you have to be tough because whoever
says that is never going to get fired if
it turned out that the answer was not
being tough and let's say the
president's approach gets us to a good
place would that would that pundit get
fired for saying we should have been
tough with Russia not really because
because that's sort of the picking IBM
choice it's such a bland normal routine
thing to say we need to be tough with
Russia though you're not going to get
fired for that even if it turns out that
the other plan worked better so say
you've got to be tough with Russia is
everybody keeping their job and saying
the safe thing because it's just so
obvious what Trump is doing is why he
always does
he shook the box so frickin hard that
and this is the hilarious part Trump has
made the his critics compare Putin to
Brennan and clapper and and argue about
which one is less reliable to think
about that President Trump has caused
the entire world to debate whether Putin
who is essentially just admitted to all
manner of bad behavior whether he is
more or less credible than clapper and
Brennan and that's a legitimate question
that we're actually talking about we're
actually having that conversation he did
that now that's as hard as you can shake
a box they're saying even the Newt
Gingrich is freaking out yeah you know
when you see when you see somebody like
Newt have such a strong statement if you
didn't see it Newt tweeted that that he
wasn't too specific but whatever I think
you're talking about the Intel versus
Putin question and that if the president
doesn't clarify that it's the biggest
mistake of his presidency I agree with
Newt
I agree with Newt that if the president
didn't clarify what he meant about our
own Intel agencies versus Putin if he
didn't clarify that it would be one of
the biggest mistakes of his presidency
but then he clarified it wink wink
here's the clarification I want to read
the actual tweet but I don't want to
make you wait the clarification was we
have to let go of the past
that's the clarification because when
you see we have to let go of the past
and you see it next to Putin says he
didn't do this stuff now you can hear
the wink if you take away the first
statement about about ignoring the past
to get to the next level then you can't
hear the wink all you hear is wait a
minute did I just hear the president say
our own Intel was no more reliable than
this you know lying dictator guy I've
got a problem what's going on here so
was Newt correct absolutely what Trump
said was so misconstrued because people
didn't quite get why he was going for
that without a clarification it would be
a big mistake
and then the president did the best you
can do in this situation because you
can't actually go in public and say look
could you just go along with this I'm
just trying to play nice with this guy
because we need him all right
we will you just let go we all know that
they interfered with the election nobody
is or at least they attempted to change
the change the result you can't say that
and you don't want them to the best he
can do is give you enough clues so that
you can hear the wink and if you don't
hear the wink yet you're missing the
show all right now one of the most fun
answers
at the press conference when they asked
Putin if he / if he cared who won the
presidency and he said yeah we preferred
if we preferred Trump first of all I
don't know that that was true right
because we're talking about two people
who didn't say anything true for 24
hours you know between Putin and Trump
there they're both playing a diplomatic
dance which in this case required no
truth it was a truth free process by
both players that actually is probably
getting us to a productive place or at
least we hope that's the plan in any way
that if we play well together and just
sort of ignore the reality of what we've
done to each other in the past maybe we
have a chance of moving in so the fact
that Putin said he preferred Trump of
course just makes all the conspiracy
theorists go nuts but here's an
interesting question let me this is one
of those questions that is too painful
to think about so which is why I like to
mention it what if now this is something
I'm not allowed to say because the
moment I say it I'll be called the
traitor and treasonous and I'll be taken
out of Anna context so let me let me
preface it by saying I really like the
United States I like it much more than I
like Putin all right so just so you know
the United States excellent Putin just
somebody we have to work with all right
so there's I'm not comparing them or
anything like that but what would happen
in theory if Putin thought he knew what
was good for the United States and it
happened to be good for what good for
Russia at the same time because those
the two things are connected right yeah
if the United States and Russia are good
with each other then both of them
prosper and if we're not good with each
other
then we're both in some trouble in big
ways you know North Korea
Iran and Russia itself so what if
hypothetically Putin actually the
thought that President Trump was better
for both America and the United States
what if he actually thought that was
true and they what if he thought what if
he honestly thought no I'm not trying to
destroy the United States that's crazy
yeah how would the hell am I going to
destroy the United States all right and
they would be destabilizing it wouldn't
even be good for me but one of these
candidates might be good for Russia and
good for the United States and that we
both win
so yeah traitor
he jails and kills reporters so so my
statement is it's entirely possible that
that Russia and the United States might
have the same interests on some
questions and for those of you who see
the world as black and whites either
you're a traitor or you're a patriot
well sometimes the world is less clean
than that all right does anybody feel
more comfortable with their their
presidency after listening to this
periscope because if you weren't hearing
the wink it was pretty scary stuff but
if you do hear the wink all he's doing
is the same play he did with North Korea
you could just say Russia is North Korea
minus two months right so my prediction
is this there is no way to know that
things will go well in the future or not
but Trump has shook the box and took the
heat because the old way of thinking
absolutely wasn't going to work and the
new way of thinking might work or might
not work but it probably won't be worse
so
he shipped the box he got us a new
situation and what would happen let me
ask you what would happen if whatever
Putin in and Trump came up with what
happens if we don't see the results we
want it let's say Putin once again
interferes with the midterm elections
what would be the right response well I
think Trump would shake that box again
so if you're thinking that the United
States is locked in to to a plan that we
will ride forever no matter whether it
works or not I think you're looking at
the wrong president this president is
willing to shake that box as many times
as he needs to shake it and take the
heat for shaking it but you got to hear
the wink or none of this works nobody
believes Putin's telling the truth
nobody not the president not anybody
believes that Russia stays out of our
business nor does anybody believe we
stay out of their business but I do
believe that the two leaders talk to
each other and this is the part though
you know I wasn't in the room but I feel
fairly convinced that this is likely to
be the nature of their private
conversation there's nothing in this for
either of us to be enemies there's just
nothing to win there's there's no upside
but we are willing to work with you on
these things that are important to all
of us yeah and I would say Rand Paul has
bit
I think Rand Paul is the only person in
government may be the only citizen who
came out of this looking good because he
didn't say a single thing that wasn't
either factual based on good reason you
know reasonable etc you know I'm not
sure I would necessarily you know back
Rand Paul for president
after Trump leaves you know I I'm not
sure I agree with all of his policies
but you just saw you just saw some
high-level behavior there that I don't
know that Rand Paul was always playing
at this level it feels like he it feels
like he took it up a level to
presidential level I don't think he was
quite at presidential level before but
it feels like he's he's definitely
started to check all the boxes all right
any other questions all right well I'm
glad I made you feel better I wanted to
get to this early
see if as any impact on the coverage
today but if you don't understand that
President Trump also does not believe
Putin then the entire story doesn't make
sense and there's not a single chance in
the world that President Trump believes
what Putin is saying not any chance in
the world all right
so feel comfortable with that and I will
talk to all of you later