[Music]
um hey everybody come on in we might
have fewer viewers today because I'm
taking questions why does that make
sense I don't know but it does good
morning
yeah it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams and I am Scott Adams and you are
so lucky because you are in the right
place at the right time that's important
too and all you need is a cup of Mugler
glass tank your cello search time a
canteen shucker flasks a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and get ready for the
dopamine ahead of the day the thing that
makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous hip go
mm-hmm that's a good sip it right there
so how many of you watched the press
conference in which President Trump went
to the CDC I think put on his make
America great again hat in his
windbreaker as presidents do when they
go to situations like this and disasters
and I don't want to say that the
president did everything wrong in that
press conference but I think it was the
worst press conference I've ever seen
from the president gotta say so if I'm
being objective
I'm reading a comment here and I I want
to read it but I'm not going to if I'm
being objective that was the president's
worst performance at a press conference
I think I don't even know where to begin
to say all the things that were not
ideal about that I don't think it'll
make any difference you know it's a
political season so we yak about every
every appearance of the candidates but
somebody says they loved it are you
kidding how could you how could you have
watched that and felt good about it
again I don't think it's a big deal I
just don't think he it is he didn't he
didn't hit the notes and here's what I
mean by that I think it was a C and CNN
is calling it a muddled a muddled
performance and it was guide a muddled
there was a one point that I just I
couldn't watch it anymore I had to turn
it off because he was talking about the
testing in South Korea and somebody in
the audience said that there was testing
in South Korea and he you know he cut
them off and he said there's just
sampling and and you could see the guys
behind him the experts going oh don't
say that
no and the president insisted to the
reporters no you just heard from the
experts I just heard them to they just
say they're not testing in South Korea
they're sampling on those roadside tests
you can apparently you can just drive up
and they'll take your sample but that's
not what the experts said they just said
that the roadside stuff was where they
get the sample and then they send it to
some Center where it's very rapidly
tested so it is testing and the
president said no I was here I heard it
myself I'll tell you they're not testing
they're sampling and that was just wrong
and to watch his experts standing behind
him and you could you could watch their
faces just dying and they were like oh
that's exactly what we said we said
they're testing they're just sampling
there that was less than ideal and then
we talked about the cruise ship that I
don't know if it's not loaded yet but as
of yesterday I had Americans on it they
were trying to decide whether to treat
them on the ship or to take them on
shore and the president starts talking
about how he's he's going to let them
make the decision the experts will make
the decision
what to do so that part's good but then
then he says that he doesn't want it to
affect his stats because the United
States has a very low infection rate and
if they get off the boat and get on to
the you know onto Shore that by
definition raises the infection rate
because now they're now they're you know
in the United States and I thought to
myself well that's just the worst thing
you could have possibly said I mean
really you're talking about your stats
there's infected Americans possibly at
the risk of death floating just offshore
of the United States and you're gonna
tell us about your stats I'm really
really trying hard not to curse I really
tried hard because you know most of you
know I'm I'm still on the prednisone
stuff that makes you it causes you to
maybe have a little more anger or flash
angry more than you would and I am right
on the edge which is exploding right now
but because I could recognize it I can
hold it back it's only because I know
it's the drug if I thought this was an
honest reaction if I thought the thing I
were feeling and thinking right now
we're actually a reflection of exactly
how often think and feel when this drug
wears off I'd be exploding right now I'd
be on fire because my hair is on fire
right now and other side just say it
calmly because I want to swear the
president was talking about his stats
while American citizens were floating
offshore possibly infected
now I think the stats matter I'm not
even gonna take that away from the stats
matter it matters to how we think about
it it matters to there might be some
extra risk while there would be
obviously if you bought if you brought
them on to the mainland some of the
doctors could be infected of course
that's the risk so it wasn't it wasn't
crazy to say that there's some reason
that he would prefer it but he's gonna
let the experts say it so he didn't
actually say anything that was
technically wrong or would cause the
wrong actions so he didn't do anything
that would cause the wrong action that's
important but man that's just not the
way to talk about it don't talk about
your stats what was the other stuff he
did the other thing he did was he
started bragging about how he's a
natural scientist because his uncle is
but really the that was the time in the
middle of a natural disaster to talk
about your your uncle's a genius at MIT
but maybe you inherited it genetically I
mean I know that you know he's it's
joking and so I per believe he doesn't
literally mean he they inherited genius
genes he was just trying to tell people
that he understands the situation but
really wasn't the way it wasn't the time
somebody says you were working off a
fake basis use your words
use your words it's okay just tell me
what your point is you don't have to
just scream in capitals that there's
something I'm missing I'm gonna take
some calls case you have some opinions
on stuff we'll talk about the corona
virus we'll talk about all kinds of
stuff and let's just yeah oh and he said
he said that something was perfect like
his ukraine phone call i mean it was
it was interesting all right let's see
who wants to talk it's good a Matthew
Matthew Matthew Matthew Matthew come to
me Matthew right Matthew doesn't want to
talk
let's try somebody else sorry about the
technology may or may not work well
guests can you hear me hello guests can
you hear me can you hear me
no well Claire can hear me yes I can can
you hear me do you have a question for
me yeah I really appreciate the question
period I've been dying to ask you what
your prediction is for the Durham
investigation will come out of that I'm
sorry the witch investigation the Durham
investigation yeah well you know the the
legal stuff I don't follow as closely as
a lot of other people so if you if you
wanted guesses on that something like
Dan bungee know would be would be a
better place but I'll give you a very
general one my general one is he's gonna
say some people were naughty and
nobody's going to jail what do you think
lon I'm thinking just the evidence it's
out there Scott that there's going to be
so there has to be some people indicted
well I agree with you that there will be
clear evidence of people doing bad
things and here's my prediction that we
the lay people will look at and say yep
that's clearly clearly a bad thing
I guess that person is gonna get
indicted and then unless they're not
famous you know some lesser famous
people could always get indicted but I
don't think any of the big names will
get invited I just think we don't live
in a world where the people in the news
can indict it at least the you know the
the main ones now you know if you had
something like a man afford that's just
a different situation I mean
it's a different level but I don't know
that all of this gray area seems to go
in favor of the players at least on the
other side so we'll see but thanks for
the question mm-hmm
see what else we got here is expecting
coronavirus questions we'll see if we
get any Lin Lin Lin think we can you
hear me I'm having a little trouble
hearing you see if I got a volume
control
I do not what's your question okay here
you unfortunately you're talking very
slowly or the technology is not working
so I apologize I couldn't hear the
question and I if I had asked you to
repeat it I wouldn't have been able here
so let's see if I've got a better
connection with somebody if if I put you
arm speak loudly at the very least if
you would Timothy Timothy let's see if
we can get you out I'm sorry Lin I
didn't mean to cut you off I just
couldn't hear you okay that wasn't gonna
work
let's try Paul I probably should have a
producer screening calls like important
people do oh I think I actually added
two of you you know is that can anybody
hear me no all right so the technology
is just not gonna work for us today so I
guess I won't be taking questions after
all but I'll take you questions on your
comments you're saying there's something
you could hear the the caller I just
couldn't hear so it didn't work I would
have to hear it for it to work
she said the cruise ship people are not
Americans I'm not totally sure that that
makes a difference there had to be
Americans on it I don't believe that
you're saying that they're all not
Americans so that doesn't make much
difference Lynne said the crew members
aren't US citizens doesn't matter you
know in this in this situation we're
gonna have to kinda we're gonna have to
be a little flexible all the old rules
are going on all right somebody says it
takes about 30 seconds after I add them
to hear them well that wouldn't be a
very good user experience maybe that's
just today favorite home brewed coffee I
don't really have strong coffee
preferences
amazon is jacking up the price on their
giant dried beans maybe not it's
probably not Amazon who's raising the
price the way Amazon works is that
people have control over posting their
goods and the people who are posting on
Amazon the people who had been
pre-approved to post must be the one who
are doing the gouging there's not really
any chance that it's Amazon itself so
don't think it's Amazon Amazon is as as
far as I know has been acting very
responsibly in this situation they've
told their staff to stay home so I see
the recommendation today is that people
like me should no longer go out in
public I've told you before how I live
in the future
accidentally here's another way I live
in the future I was telling you before
and that I'm the topic of facial
recognition that I've already lived in a
world in which there was facial
recognition it's because I'm a little
bit famous if you're a little bit famous
and you go out in public people
recognize your face it's like facial
recognition but only for me I walk
outside and I go to the store I go to
Safeway and people say hey simultaneous
at Dilbert a so I've lived in the future
where people know who I am and even what
my job is and a lot about my biography
just by looking at my face the rest of
you are going to discover that world so
someday maybe when you go to stores or
parties or whatever everybody will
recognize you by your face because
they've got an app likewise similarly
analogously I'm I'll be 63 in June which
means I'm in the the over-sixty group
that are at risk but I wouldn't be a
risk being perfectly healthy and on the
yunkish side of the old people unless I
had a respiratory problem
but I have a respiratory problem so I do
have a history of asthma and my sinuses
of course are a war zone so the
recommendation from the CDC for me is
I'll never go outside into crowds again
think about that because that's your
probably your future except I don't
think it'll last in your case so I'm in
the future I actually can't go to public
places where there are a lot of people
if I want to follow the government's
advice and I am going to follow the
government's advice for two reasons if
it were only my self-interest I'm not
kidding about this I kind of want to get
it over with I'm definitely a pull the
band-aid off kind of guy all the way I
mean to my core i'ma pull the band-aid
off guy if you've got some bad news for
me I want it right now if it's gonna
hurt I want to right now if it's gonna
kill me maybe let's just get it over
with
let's do it so selfishly
I actually kind of want to get the car
out of coronavirus and that's not even
the joke now I don't want to go in fact
myself I'm not going to be an idiot but
if it's gonna happen anyway and I had a
choice I'd rather sooner than later I'd
rather to get to the other side of it
whether I'm dead or alive let's just get
it over for it and that's just a
personality thing I'm not just not
saying that you should adopt that but
there's a second and far far bigger
consideration if I end up in an ICU
somebody else isn't and we're good
answer shortages so keeping myself
healthy is 100% in my case just you know
speaking personally in my case it's
really close to 100% about protecting
the country because if the country
crashes because the health care system
crashes from from quantity I wouldn't be
part of that so I'm gonna do what I can
do to follow the CDC's directions you
know maybe I get infected maybe I don't
but I'm gonna follow the directions and
lower my
and I'm gonna do it for patriotic
reasons because if it were just for me
honestly I would get the flu
I would I would just let's say let's do
it let's let's dance so I'm not
expecting to die I'm not expecting any
of you to die but I'm telling you that
we're in the new world for me has
started today so for me today is the
first day that I will restrict my
outdoor ected my external activities
severely somebody says don't be
fatalistic you might not get it well I
think that's true
I might not get it but the only way
people like me might not get it is if
everybody else guess it by everybody
else I don't mean everybody I mean a big
possibly majority section of the country
has to have it so that they can't get it
again if they can't get it again then I
can be around them and without with a
low risk so the only way the old people
will be safe in the future is when most
or a lot of the young people actually
get it don't have symptoms because young
people don't have as much of a problem
with it and reduce the number of ways it
can get to me later that's the only way
to kill the thing so I've said before
that I'm reasonably sure based on
observation of what we're seeing here
that the government's plan is not to
prevent it and and I don't think you
should go through life thinking that is
the plan because these things don't
really have that quality of being
preventable they get come they get
compared to you know the other things
like what were the other things the SARS
and and other stuff but they don't
really act to say this one might be the
kind that just spreads faster those
other ones didn't spread that fast they
didn't have that quality but this one
spreads fast and it seems to kill people
now there is a question like that I
would like to put forward to you you
ready for this I'm gonna give you the
biggest mind mind word I'm not going to
I imagine I was saying two words instead
of one the first one starts with mind
the second one starts with F and it's
coming at you right now
here it is we can't tell the difference
between a virus that's extra deadly and
one that's extra safe
do you believe that can do you believe
that we can tell the difference even
even at this stage with all the testing
and everything we've done do you think
that we can tell the difference between
a virus that's extra deadly and one
that's extra safe well in order to know
the difference here's what we would need
to do and then you can ask yourself do
we know it we would need to know how
many people are infected that don't have
much in the way of symptoms do we know
that we don't do we said correct me if
I'm wrong but aren't we finding it in 80
countries do you think it it spread in
the last few weeks to all those eighty
countries and that we caught it in 80
countries I'll think so why is it that
here's another mystery that might be
related Africa doesn't seem to have much
of a problem with it and people aren't
sure why it's a mystery so Africa
doesn't have a problem that's a pretty
big deal so there are two things here
that would give you at least possibility
for optimism but I do not encourage
optimism if that sounds weird I don't
encourage you to be optimistic I'm
simply giving you the the lay of the
land I'm just telling you the odds and
right now if I had to guess I would
agree with the president who believes
that the death rate for this virus might
continue to get adjusted down and
there's an obvious reason for that the
obvious reason is we're not good at
testing for it and as soon as we can
test we're going to find a lot more
people presumably who have it who didn't
have much in the way of symptoms so it
could be that this is already the
biggest most widespread flu you know
that we've seen if if it's extra mild so
let me make my case about how you can't
tell extra mild from extra bad if it's
extra bad people are dropping like flies
and you can tell you think you know
because people are dying
you'd be saying oh my goodness more
people died from this than died from the
other stuff so that would be a good good
indication that's extra deadly more
people are dying but what if it's also
simultaneously more people got it that
part you don't know you know what if
it's the most viral thing that's ever
been in the history of humanity and it's
spreading like him you know just crazy
but nobody's testing for it and the
symptoms are so mild that people aren't
even noticing if that's true and we
haven't ruled that out yet it would
actually be one of the most mild flus in
terms of percentage in other words if
you get it your odds of dying or just as
low as any other flu it's just the more
people would have it now the more people
having it plenty big problem plenty big
problem but it might suggest that that
there's a way for it to end because if
so many people get it if it's super
super viral many of you will get it and
then that will prevent the people who
would have the worst symptoms from being
able to get it more easily because it
would be stopped by all the people at
immunity how will people get out the
vote well given the people like me just
got the word to stay indoors and given
that this virus is likely experts think
might subside a little during the warm
or summer season but then it might come
roaring back in November November is
polling time so could we see fewer
elderly people voting I would say
there's a hundred percent chance you'll
see fewer elderly people voting in
November and I only thought of this just
now now who does that benefit I actually
don't know because if it's Biden against
Trump which one of them gets the old
vote do you know I don't know here's
another factor
there seems to be some kind of
difference between liberals and
conservatives in terms of their their
gag factor or their their achiness
factor now I've seen that I'm not sure I
totally buy the science the other urban
studies that say this that conservatives
would be gross down as stuff more easily
than liberals is that true
I don't know so but I'll just throw that
out there as something that studies have
shown to be true I'm a little skeptical
of it but let's say it's true what does
that say about election turnout if
you're conservative are you more more
freaked out by the coronavirus and
therefore you're more likely to stay
home maybe I don't know I don't think
anybody has a handle on that so yeah in
the comments you're saying the mail-in
vote but here's the thing the the older
citizens I'm guessing are also not the
people who were mailing in votes well
let me take that back of course there
are lots of older people who are mailing
in votes but I have to think it's not
the majority and that's the group that's
the hardest to change to turn into a new
thing it might be easy for them to stay
home on Election Day but it might be
hard for them to fill out forms and you
figure out how to mail and stuff and you
know do paperwork and stuff
well I think there's probably gonna have
to be a push for mail-in elections and
as I'm thinking about this wouldn't it
make sense to start now and have the
government start pushing for mail-in
votes wouldn't that make sense and would
it maybe let me also ask this wouldn't
it make sense maybe to move the election
to October that possible could you move
the election up because we know with
fair amount of certainty that the virus
is going to you know come down a little
in the summer and then rage back in
November why wait until November that
might be the very worst time to have an
election it might be now the one thing
about an election that's different from
other things as people aren't coming
necessarily for man in town to do it
so most of the people who vote will
already be in that town so that doesn't
make it so bad as it would if it were an
international conference for example all
right so having put that out there I
don't think that we know at this point
whether this is an extra mild to flu or
an extra terrible one we just know that
a lot of people are dying now if you
took the cruise ship for example when
you say to yourself Scott Scott Scott we
do know this is the bad one because look
at the cruise ship it's like a little
laboratory and there were how many
people have died on the cruise ship now
give me it could be an updated number
but the number who died in the cruise
ship is obviously far worse than people
the number who died on a cruise ship
normally right number of people who
would die on any given cruise ship is
how many well let me ask you how many of
you know the answer to this question how
many old people died on a cruise ship in
ordinary circumstances how often does it
happen
do you know what the answer is that once
a week that once a week an old person
dies on I think each cruise ship I'm not
even talking about all of the cruise
ships in the world I think that each
cruise ship you know you know one or two
a week you know it's it's a big number
actually and it's because obviously they
don't have you know the high-end health
facilities on the cruise ship and it's
older people so let's see how everything
ly everything that you need to kill
people in one place so what would it
mean if there were say 10 of them on one
ship does that mean that that that that
really was a bad situation well it
depends how if they were not on the ship
where they've gotten to health care more
more quickly is it simply because they
were in close quarters would a regular
flu just the ordinary flu if that many
people had it and that money in that
closed spaces would it have been the
same I don't know so yeah I'm seeing all
kinds of numbers six twenty six forty
five thousand single guys were weird
numbers in the in the comments so I
don't know what it is but the point is
you could have you could have another
explanation for why there were a bunch
of people dead on one ship that also had
a lot of coronavirus so that you can't
completely rule out that there's
something about that that was unusual
but it certainly is a gigantic red flag
so that's that you should certainly
treat this like it's a deadly disease
you should all you should all take
completely seriously the CDC's warnings
you should do what they say but there is
some possibility that this will will be
far less of a problem at the end and
then we thought and in fact that's if I
had to bet on it bet on it now I'm
betting that it's gonna be less of a
problem than we think not because the
virus itself being a less of a problem
what I think is that when you focus the
entire world on a problem let me back up
I'm gonna take a second simultaneous sip
because I just woke up
and I really need it please join me that
one without the introduction so I want
to give you the good news and it's of
course awkward to give good news in the
heart of a crisis but there is something
good happening and it has to do with
where the world's at in 2020 compared to
let's say the Spanish flu Spanish flu
happened when the world was not that
connected we didn't have internet and
our medical facilities were primitive
etc and we're seeing something really
different happening here and here's the
way I would describe it
have you noticed that because we're all
connected and talking about this
coronavirus that I believe this is the
first time we've ever had a planetary
threat that everybody agreed was a
planetary threat and it's here right now
can anybody fact check me on that now
you're gonna say Oh world war two was a
planetary threat well not really I mean
infected I don't know half the world or
whatever directly and all of it
indirectly but it was it's a kind of a
different situation right but we did see
the world pull together to defeat Nazi
Germany and
and the Japanese ambitions at the time
but we've never seen it like this we've
never seen where the citizens are all
connected I'm connected to you right now
so that my thoughts are going into you
you see you can watch in real time as
your thoughts are merging into me and
I've said this about Twitter and social
media in general we have formed a god
brain because the the brains of the
United States are no longer what they
were in 1918 during the Spanish flu in
1918 it was a whole bunch of individual
brains here's a scientist doing what a
scientist does maybe he can talk to some
other scientists by the telegraph
I don't did they have the telephone in
1918 I don't know in my history well
enough when it was it when did everybody
have commonly have telephones was in
1918 right so what were they doing
Telegraph
write a letter to the other scientists
to coordinate so what we have now is
wholly completely entirely different
than anything we've ever seen before
we've never been this connected and
we've never had a global threat that was
immediate like this one and you're just
watching the entire civilization 15
billion years of evolution coming
together where as one the the citizens
of Earth have decided that on this
question we're on the same side
never happens before even global warming
is just a controversy but there's not
really a controversy about this thing
we're all on the same side we have a
mortal threat we'll probably lose
millions you know worldwide it's going
to change civilization we don't know how
yet but it's coming and you and I are
completely connected right now I am NOT
separate from you we are mentally
psychologically absolutely connected
that's not happening before and one of
the things that that
is it allows the what I call the God
brave to be activated and you're seeing
it right now you're seeing a new form of
intelligence emerging while you watch
maybe there's never been anything more
impressive in all of human history than
what's happening now that you don't even
notice because it's so natural you you
simply have evolved into it your brain
is now tapped into the collective now
you might have to be on Twitter or
watching television or on the phone or
something for that to be active at the
moment but we're all connected right now
and we have focused not a bunch of
little individual people with individual
brains but we're forming a god brain now
I'm not saying we're gonna be a religion
or competing with your actual God if you
prefer I'm saying that in effect we have
now summed up we are for the first time
a cumulative brain focused on one
problem one global or problem at the
moment we are not one yet we're not
but we're forming it fast anything that
we learn about the coronavirus in
Tennessee is going to be in wuhan in 60
seconds well you know as soon as it
takes somebody to type it the smartest
people in the world are no longer on the
sidelines in 1918 do you think the very
smartest very best people were all
working on something to do with the flu
no first of all they didn't have any
tools it was more of a primitive time
and secondly you couldn't even find the
smartest people you couldn't find them I
earned on Twitter and I see a message
from you know Balaji Srinivasan now if
you don't know Balaji just think one of
the smartest people in the entire
frickin planet Earth literally and then
I go down there's a you know some
messages about the corona virus some
advice from an evolved Rafa Conte
again I literally speak of all as the
smartest person I've ever met
true and he got enlist and you're
watching all the smartest people in the
world jump in and they didn't use to be
able to do that because if you were the
smartest person in the world here I'm
just speaking hyperbolically but if you
were super smart and you could be super
useful in 1918 what could you do you
could do nothing you couldn't do a
single thing but now you can and if
people are jumping in people are
volunteering people are going into the
fight we're not when people aren't
running away people are going right at
this thing
and a lot of and people are doing what
you see me doing essentially I mean what
I did you you watched it in real time
you saw me look at this feel part of it
yeah I'm threatened personally but all
of you are as well and you can watch as
I try to figure out how to be productive
now I think the best way that I can be
productive is to be part of the god
brain and to bring you voices like
navall to retweet useful things threads
and such to inform you to to keep your
spirits up
I've actually thought that one of the
most useful things that I could do if
all went to your high school I'll bet
you've got some good stories I'd like to
hear those so one of the things that I
think I can do is simply help people to
know what to do if there wasn't anything
you knew to do
now most people have already gotten a
gotten the hint that they should bring
in some supplies etc I really think
you're not going to need them I don't
think anybody's gonna go hungry I don't
think the power is gonna go off I don't
think the electricity is gonna go off
I think that that all that stuff would
be fine and it has to do with the fact
that 80 percent of us will always be
healthy and at anytime and 80 percent of
us can do on two percent of the work if
you've ever seen any big company 20
percent of the people could stay home on
any given day and it doesn't make any
difference
80 percent
and we'll always have 80% so things will
keep running the economy will just take
a hit for a while so you'll be fine
but what I recommend is that you take
advantage of this disaster you've heard
the saying never let a good disaster or
a good crisis go to waste this is one of
those times
so yesterday I was taking my long walk
in the Sun which I recommend to all of
you I believe that all of you should be
doing the small things you can do to
stay as healthy and to keep your immune
system just you know as good as it can
get so one of those is light exercise as
opposed to heavy exercise at the moment
light exercise should be your goal not
building muscles you want light exercise
to stay at maximum fitness in case in
case your body is attacked we need you
you are all soldiers in this war against
this this invader and by the way if all
says that's the the you know if you were
to take bets on the coronavirus think
about the odds would you ever bet
against human beings in a war against
any other living object on earth well
probably not because human beings have
essentially conquered a hundred percent
of the species except for this one and
we're going hard at this one too so if
you were gonna bet against humans in in
the field of battle of Earth well don't
bet against humans we're pretty pretty
good at this stuff and secondly you'd
also have to bet against the United
States who is everyone money betting
against the United States well it's a
tough bet I suppose anything can happen
but if you think there's gonna be a
meltdown of society you know in the kind
that really could get to you know we're
pretty good at this stuff so anyway my
point is stay healthy take a walk and I
felt yesterday healthier than I've felt
in a long time because I'm really
serious about getting enough sleep
getting light exercise eating right
doing everything I can to lower my
stress which I'm hopefully I can be part
of that for you so there you go
what about alien life-forms well maybe
these may be viruses are from another
planet
did you know viruses are not alive that
isn't that doesn't that just blow your
mind that a virus is correct me if I'm
wrong I think I'm right on that right I
don't think a virus is a living thing
you just can't stop it from spreading
curiosity is making it harder to sleep
that's interesting how do you grade our
government's response thus far very good
question and I'll give you an answer
that number one and certainly the most
important thing you should keep in mind
it's not your government doing stuff for
you you're in on this you're not an
observer so it's like you know I feel as
if somebody in the stadium said hey you
know I'm watching this football game
how's the team doing and I'm the referee
and I'm looking at you in the audience
and I'm saying dumbass you're on the
field get out of the stands so if you're
asking yourself is your government doing
a good job it's a fair question but let
me ask you this what the hell did you do
today what did you do and I mean that
seriously you the person who asked that
question whoever asked is the government
doing its job I asked the same question
to you did you do your job did you did
you exercise did you wash your hands
every day did you tell somebody to wash
your hands did you help an old person
what'd you do cuz I did stuff I'll do
stuff every day but here's the thing you
really can't tell if the government's
doing a good job or not and part of the
reason is that were shielded from the
people doing the work by the people
doing the talking
so if Mike Pence or President Trump
gives a press conference that I don't
think is an A+ press conference
what does that tell us about the people
doing actual work nothing nothing at all
it doesn't I do think that I'm putting
pence in charge was a good move from the
outside now again you have to be really
close to these situations to know what
really is a good idea and what's not to
know what worked and what didn't what
makes a difference what's the big
difference was the small difference
we're all way too far away from it you
and I cannot tell if the experts that
the CDC are doing their job we can't
tell do I think that they probably are
doing it yes do I think that they'll
make some mistakes of course do you
think do I think that ultimately there
their game will improve and rapidly yes
that's that's everything everything is
about not what happened already
everything that matters is what we get
too quickly and how quickly we get to it
if they can take it from where we are to
a better place and get there fast and
nobody could really predict rates and
changes and what's going to happen and
the surprises that are coming but but
the real the real left the real play
here is how quickly they get better
smarter and more effective it's not what
they've done so far it's how quickly
they can improve it we don't know that
because they're still ramping if I had
to guess again going back to the god
brain hypothesis that we are sort of
forming into an entity in which the best
ideas anywhere will reach the place they
need to go and we've never had that so
if you have a situation where a hundred
percent of the planet is in the fight
and if you're not you should be even in
your own way you need to be in the fight
times join
our capability as a civilization it's
unparalleled I mean it's like nothing
nothing that anything has ever existed
and if you try to ask yourself how good
could we be you know once we're ramped
up we're not there yet but how good will
we be by summer at this stuff and the
answer is you're gonna be probably
amazed you will probably be amazed at
the capability of humans
so go humans we're pretty darn good at
this and remember it's not you you know
it's it's not you and B we're not the
ones who're making these big scientist
decisions and stuff but you can be
pretty sure that the smartest people in
the world are joining the fight
everybody is off the sidelines now the
people who have capability are jumping
in because they know they need to so
this is the fight of our lives it's the
first in my opinion the first planetary
risk it has incredible implications for
the future maybe in some good ways bad
ways too but there are going to be some
good things that come out of this and I
even think that there are some analogy
issues that are coming out of this one
of one is that the virus is going to
affect immigration not just directly
because people want to close their
borders to reduce the risk of the virus
obviously it'll have that effect
but secondarily the way we think about
hard to identify risks and it's just
gonna limb fluids everything from
climate change to immigration so I think
the world will be a different place once
we get on the other side of this which
we will and
so somebody says somebody survived
meningitis
well you're tough you can come live with
me whoever survived meningitis
I like tough people all right
will this virus effect Trump's
reelection yes yes it will it's the
biggest story so the biggest story is
always going to affect the election it's
hard to say whether it's good or bad yet
somebody in the comments is saying musk
says this is all dumb what he said was I
saw his tweet he got over a hundred
thousand retweets on it so Elon Musk
said yesterday on Twitter that the all
of the coronavirus have panic is dumb so
he said the panicked was dumb and we
don't know exactly what he meant by that
so I'm not gonna comment on that because
if you don't know what he meant it's
hard to agree or disagree I've seen
other people in the comments who
survived meningitis well we got a tough
crowd here look at that somebody says I
survived Ebola I don't think that's true
but it's funny well a lot of people
survived meningitis what do I have some
kind of a audience that is all
meningitis survivors or something yeah
you know I've said this before and I'll
say it again that when you try to judge
whether your president is doing a good
job it doesn't matter if it's this
president or another president
well I'm not gonna finish that thought
oh I will so whether if you're trying to
judge a president one of the things you
should do is oh my god I just forgot my
thought again I'm watching your comments
and trying to do trying to multitask but
my point is you need the right president
for the right situation there's no such
thing as a good president
they're definitely such things as bad
presidents but within the good
presidents category you need the right
president at the right time and
sometimes a president is well suited for
one task but not another no president is
more suited for negotiating with China
then Trump in my opinion we've never
seen anybody who was more perfectly
suited for that job because he can treat
them nice and treat them tough at the
same time it's kind of tough very few
people could do that and he had the will
to do it and you know the the risk
profile to do it
so Trump is the ideal president for
dealing with trade and China but you see
also the ideal president to deal with a
virus outbreak my guess is no if I'm
gonna be honest I'd rather have Obama as
the president right now for that for
this I know I probably just lost half of
my half of my audience by saying that
all I'm saying is you can't say that a
president is is good or bad it would be
more accurate to say that a particular
president is well matched or not well
matched to a particular challenge this
isn't it's obvious I think at this point
that this is not president Trump's
strongest suit but I don't know it
matters because he did what he needed to
do he put pence in charge and he's not
holding back any authority meaning that
there's nothing there's nothing that's a
problem because the president hasn't
made a decision and there's nothing a
problem because the president made the
wrong decision so the president is
getting it done he's just not the
perfect fit
but I do think as far as I can tell he's
getting it done I don't think there's a
problem at all
all right somebody says he's a fast
learner well okay I got a dump on him
one more time for his press conference
and I hope I hope that at least if you
don't like that I hope that at least it
builds my credibility for the future
because he can't just you can't say
everything's good
sometimes there's a little bit mistake
Trump said at the press conference yes
that he found out four or five minutes
ago meaning when he found out yesterday
that he had just found out that the
regular flu flu B or whatever it is just
the regular flu might kill 18,000 to
45,000 over 77,000 globally in a year
and he said he just found out yesterday
that the regular flu could kill that
many people and I thought to myself you
need to get off the stage right now
because we all knew that I mean I think
we all knew that if he just found out
that the regular flute if he just found
out yesterday that the regular flu kills
tens of thousands of people a year if
that does not inspire confidence now
again I want to say this as clearly as
possible
I think all the things he's doing are
good he closed the airports fast he put
pets in charge he's he got more money
than he asked for you know so I don't
think he's watched anything I don't
think there's anything in here that you
have to worry about there's nothing
that's being poorly managed from the at
least from the executive level I don't
see any signs of it but the way he talks
about it he's just not the best person
to be the spokesperson for this specific
problem he's just not well suited for it
and maybe pen says all right too bad
pens is boring because he's going to be
talking about this a lot
let's talk about Biden's brain what are
the Democrats thinking what are they
thinking and this hat that's not a
rhetorical question I'm so curious about
what's going on in their minds I talked
to my most let's say most emotional
Democrat Trump hater friends who I've
tried to avoid for the last four years
because it's difficult to be with people
who hate Trump that much if you know
because it's an emotional thing but I
checked in with him to find out if he
was backing Bernie or Sanders and the
reason I checked it with him is because
he's a really smart guy now what does a
really smart guy I went to a you know
Ivy League college pays attention very
well-informed
what does somebody who's well informed
in a very smart say when their team has
been reduced to Bernie Sanders and Joe
Biden I was really curious and what he
said was he's gonna back Biden because
you know he liked Peabody jej but you
know he's not an option anymore so he's
gonna back bite him and he said and I
quote he would rather vote for a stack
of old magazines than Trump and I
thought to myself well I guess you are
it looks like you are going to vote for
a stack of old magazines where's Joe
Biden if you were going to describe him
in a humorous analogy stack of old
magazines might be pretty pretty good as
an analogy and he's gonna take that
choice and I think to myself but that
does mean you can tell right it does
mean you can tell the Biden's brain is
not quite working and you're gonna vote
for him anyway how interesting is that
not a good way um so now here's the
second part that I want to bring up it's
one thing to look at your candidate say
you know huh I'm a little worried but
we'll be okay it's another thing to look
at your candidate and then listen to
Trump who has clearly signaled correct
me if I'm wrong
Trump has clearly signaled that if Biden
is the nominee he's gonna go after his
brain right
he's headed now directly he said that
he's talked about Joe being in the old
folks home and you know and there's
something not right
imagine Trump being freed to brand that
mercilessly by the time Joe gets to the
election booth he might not get any
votes this would not be close dude do
the Democrats not understand that Biden
is not gonna be close Trump hasn't even
started on him and he's already got the
entire country talking about his mental
illness it's not gonna be close please
did they not see this can you not give
us a good good contest and I think
Bernie of course had no it has no chance
of winning because of his policies but
Biden he's literally mentally
incompetent and even his own team knows
it it's not going to be close if Biden
were running any kind of a conventional
candidate maybe somebody would not have
mentioned the obvious way he's losing it
but Trump well there's nothing that's
gonna stop Trump from absolutely
grinding that into the dirt and the best
part is the matchup because the one
thing you you know that Trump has as a
not the one thing but one of the big
things that people complain about is
that he has a speaking style that makes
people say oh you know he's not speaking
like a like a sane person but you put
Trump next to Biden on the stage and
only one of them is gonna look sane
it's not gonna look good alright that's
about all I got for today
it's always great to talk to you so go
forward be part of the god brave you're
all part of the fight against this
planetary invader I'll be I'll be
talking to you from my bunker where
apparently I will be locked my bunker
for the next I don't know year so I'm
unlocked down and I will talk to you all
later