boom ba-ba-boom hey Merry Christmas
everybody Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas
hello Thailand gonna strap myself in
here good morning good morning you know
what it's time for it's time for Merry
Christmas but it's also time for the
simultaneous hip whereas Snickers you at
desk there she is
loyal dog waiting for me she's wondering
who I'm talking to
I'm back so I've got a new microphone
plugged in we'll see if that makes any
difference see if it stops cutting off
like you did yesterday so I hope you
also the clip of President Trump talking
to a seven-year-old from the Oval Office
about Santa Claus and the president
asked the seven-year-old on the phone so
do you still believe in Santa Claus
gives his 7 it's kind of marginal it's
all of the funniest things ever all
right so here are a couple of good news
items a lot of people are worried about
the economy because of the stock market
and I saw a tweet from David Pakman who
say he's sort of the Rachel Maddow male
version on the left and he was he was
talking he he asked this question he
said at what point do we start blaming
the president's bad decisions for the
the stock market going down now he
didn't give any specific reasons so I
said what would be your number one thing
he did wrong that was an economic
mistake and David Pakman did not offer a
reason for that just some generic answer
and so other people in the tweet were
saying yeah give us an example what's
the worst decision he's made that's
causing the stock market to go down so
some people said well obviously it's he
ran up the debt to which I and other
people say that didn't just happen the
stock market is only just going down now
everybody knew their debt was going up
so it couldn't be that and then other
people said well it's obviously this you
know government shutdown
to which I say the government shutdown
that's the most trivial economic thing
you could ever imagine
completely unimportant it's not that
other people say other people say that
yeah it's he's about that he's blaming
the Fed and talking about firing the Fed
chief to which I say if the Fed had not
raised interest rates would we be having
a problem with tariffs and trade wars
right now because the tariffs and the
trade wars have been going on for months
while the economy was doing great and I
would argue that the situation with the
trade wars is better than it's ever been
Mexico and Canada South Korea if they've
all signed on and China looks like it's
at least moving in the right direction
so why would the trade Wars cause the
stock market to suddenly go down when
the situation where the trade wars has
gone from gosh it's really scary we
don't know if anybody will agree to the
current situation which is pretty much
all the smart people think it's gonna
get worked out so does that make the
stock market go down if things went from
scarier to far less scary and moving in
the right direction on trade anyway not
really the only thing that changed there
was a big change and it happened
recently which coincided with the stock
market actually two changes one was one
was Democrats taking over the house
right that's new and the other was
interest rates of the Fed that's new now
when when the president criticizes the
Fed I have to agree that the Fed could
have waited until at least the China
trade deal got worked out I don't think
it would have made that much difference
if they waited six months so it does
look like a giant fed mistake
now but I'm gonna add some
uncharacteristic humility to that
comment because I'm not sure that any
economist really knows what the Fed
should or should not be doing with a
six-month person you know yes we
understand that in general when they
should raise rates and in general when
they should lower them but I don't think
there's anybody who is so accurate about
what the Fed should or should not do
that they can get things right within a
six month you know you should have gone
six months earlier or six months later
clearly the Fed could have waited and it
would have been the smart thing to do
because the trade negotiation should
have been putting as a similar kind of
damper on the economy as the increase in
interest rates so we could have waited
for that and then see if we needed the
extra interest rates so here's here's my
point you're gonna see what I call
laundry list persuasion and I write
about this in my new book loser think
which will be out many months from now
but the idea is that if somebody says
ho-ho it's obvious why I'm right and
you're wrong and here's the laundry list
of reasons so here's a laundry list of
reasons why the economy's or the stock
market's going down it's it's because of
the arguing about the Fed it's because
you know not the Fed itself but arguing
against the Fed it's the trade deals
it's the shutting of the government etc
and so what I do when I am presented
with the laundry list is I have a
persuasion trick which I tried to great
success with David Pakman it goes like
this what you do is you say on your
laundry list what is your strongest
point because if I can debunk your
strongest point would you agree you
should rethink all of your points on
your list that are less important
and less persuasive than the one I just
debunked so I had the only one I want to
here is your top reason it turns out
very few people can give you one reason
because they realize that their
arguments gonna fall apart
so they'll still just give you the
laundry list again but if you can get
them to give you one reason they'll
they'll watch their own argument to fall
apart so if they had said for example
well it's the trade war obviously that's
what's causing the stock market to go
crazy I would say well why didn't it
make the stock market go crazy three
months ago when things were even worse
in terms of this trade trade war things
are better now it's heading in the right
direction now we should go up so if
that's your number one reason then you
don't need to talk about numbers two and
three and four because you've taken out
the top one thank you for the reminder
it is very much time for the
simultaneous up and now join me if you
will that could have been a warmer but
still delicious hello first day on
periscope do we live in a one variable
world well if you're talking about my
technique of debunking the top priority
that has not has nothing to do with
living in a one variable world it has to
do with the fact that if you can't
identify even one big reason you don't
really need to listen to the rest of
them now doing a doing a specific
response to each thing on the list
doesn't work very well because people
will just keep adding things to the list
you need to stop with the top one just
say your top lip your top reason and
watch me debunk it and once I've done
that then just understand that your
other reasons are less good than the one
I just debunked
hey you gotta win Bigley for Christmas
congratulations
did anybody else get win Bigley for
Christmas I hope if he'll read it now I
tweeted last night about the president's
tweet in which he said that Saudi Arabia
had stepped up to pay some amount of
money must be a large amount
oh good I'm glad some of you gave my
book or got my book thank you by the way
the president tweeted the Saudi Arabia
was going to pay presumably a lot to
help reconstruct Syria now remember when
I told you that the President had
leverage over Saudi Arabia because he
was the only defender
that's what leverage looks like
basically the president said okay Saudi
Arabia did a terrible thing
but if we support them they're going to
us a favor and so he supported them and
so they owed us a favor it looks like
it's a pretty expensive one too and so I
tweeted that within the president's
first four years he has he has a nonzero
chance I don't know what the odds are
but it's definitely nonzero of getting
the United States out of or ending five
wars in four years now of course this
made Trump critics go crazy because the
idea that Trump could end or at least
get the United States out of five wars
and four years
it just makes your your brain explode if
you're a critic but here here are the
five and let me tell you if this sounds
unreasonable number one Yemen we put
pressure on Saudi Arabia and Iran Iran
to end their proxy war and sure enough
Yemen just had some peace talks and then
agreed to a ceasefire
that's one again we don't know that any
of these will go all the
to a good completion my statement is
that there's a nonzero chance and
actually a pretty good chance that the
president will solve or get us out of
five Wars in four years so Yemen is
number one looking good
number two's North Korea technically at
a state of war and absolutely looks
safer because they're playing nice with
South Korea that are tearing down border
structures that are building a railroad
to connect them and and we can wait a
few years to get rid of their nukes
because we're no longer threatened
they're not going to threaten us when
things are going in the right direction
so North Korea then you've got Syria
we're pulling out that doesn't end the
conflict in Syria but it does put a
period on the US involvement what it
looks like we're drawing down forces in
Afghanistan and apparently the Taliban
is willing to talk and negotiate with
the government of Afghanistan that's
looking promising so that's four that's
four wars that the President may be
winding down or getting us Hannah
and then the fifth I'm going to say is
the whole mess with Iran wanting to
destroy Israel and supporting the
Hezbollah and supporting Hamas etc yeah
Gaza so it's sort of this perpetual low
state of war in the Middle East and it's
starting to look like again Saudi Arabia
is going to be a key player and bringing
people to maybe recognize Israel or at
least work with them or maybe pull away
some support from the Palestinian
whatever the less productive people
there are and it's looking like
everything shaping up for that to happen
so it's entirely possible the president
Trump there's a nonzero chance he will
solve or pull us out of
five wars in four years now if you're
still worried about the economy let me
give you some calming words about the
economy and I realize that most of the
most of the public are not economists
they're not investors they don't have a
good understanding of the stock market
here's what you need to know as long as
employment is excellent everything's
fine I'll just say that again as long as
employment is excellent which it is
everything's fine you don't need to
worry about the changes in the stock
market until you see something that
looks like a long term trend that's a
change in the in the employment market
somebody says wrong it's not just
employment I know it's not just
employment I'm telling you it's the most
predictive variable if you get that
variable right the odds of everything
else being good in the long run are
really really good
so employment is a lagging indicator
you're saying well it is true that the
stock market is a leading indicator but
the other thing about the stock market
is that it it bounces around based on
headlines and headlines are fake news so
we're seeing a world in which the stock
market is in the short-term largely
controlled by fate news you know worried
about the trade deal worried about the
government shutting down worried that
the president is really crazy you know
all those things but for the most part
as long as employment is good and
profits are good you don't have to worry
about the stock market bouncing I do not
give financial advice but I will tell
you that this is probably a rare buying
opportunity I don't know where the
bottom is that's the hard part
but so again this is not financial
advice but I just put a lot of money in
the stock market so personally I'm going
in strong because you don't get you
don't get many situations where the
market pulls back ten percent or more so
when it does if you can afford it and
you've got some extra cash that's at
least what do you think about it
it looks like Bitcoin is up right
Bitcoin is started to make a small
recovery deficits up debt is up
yeah here's the thing about government
deficits and debt we should worry about
the direction of things meaning that if
the debt is getting perpetually worse
that probably is a problem at some point
but the the current level of debt is
historically not the highest it's ever
been so we've had higher debt and we
handled it quite well in a period of
growing economic you know goodness so
we're not at a point where it's a
problem right now
somebody's mocking me for saying ten
percent well if you would listen to what
I said you would be mocking the wrong
thing what I said was it's rare for the
economy to go down ten percent or more
so if you can get see a 10 percent and
pull back you should start to think in
terms of looking for a buying
opportunity but I could go down 20
percent 20 presents a pretty bad
pullback but certainly could happen
and by web tokens yes yeah if we're dead
we're down 20 percent or so but that's
more to my point that that's not a
violation of my point that's making my
point stronger than I was making it said
that this is a book at you know the
bookshelf behind me is just mostly books
that people gave me that I haven't read
and I and I also don't worry about stock
market Corrections in general as long as
employment is good if you saw a housing
let's see if you saw let you know
mortgage collapse or unemployment then
you should get worried but otherwise
don't get worried let's talk about
crypto the the main thing you need to
know about crypto currencies is that the
probable value of any crypto currency in
the long run is zero because most crypto
offerings will disappear Bitcoin and
some of the big ones are special cases
and they may last forever but you don't
know what they'll be worth forever some
people are having a problem with my hat
it doesn't look Christmassy enough when
it gets pulled back they're much better
the supply curve of crypto is flat yeah
I think housing will will slow for sure
but it probably should you know anything
that's been hot for a while and then
slows for a while that's not the worst
news in the world the worst news is if
everything stays hot too long then
you're then you're in trouble
good crypto be a true democracy voting
system why are there so many crypto
questions today so how's that Trump have
you noticed that the anti-trump errs
have completely given up on reasons they
don't they don't use reasons anymore
they use a sarcasm apparently there's an
entire segment segment of the population
that believes that lol is an argument
and it goes like this I might say
something like well you know the feds
action was premature and the trade deals
were actually baked into the stock
market
so clearly given the timing of things it
was the feds action more than the trade
deals that are affecting the current
short-term economic you know difference
in the stock market so I would say
something like this and and here's my
here's usually the economic argument I
get in return
oh let's go lol lol Scott thinks the
economy is ok lol lol and seen when did
lol become an argument if all you have
left is sarcasm and correct me if I'm
wrong but aren't you watching the same
phenomenon online I'm pretty sure boos
behind me I'm pretty sure we used to
talk about real reasons you didn't we
used to say
things like well the the deficit is too
high okay
that's a reason I can either say that's
important or not important I could say
we're gonna deal with it or we're not
going to deal with it but it's a reason
I might disagree about its importance
but it's a reason do you know what isn't
a reason oh well
lol Scott hah hah hah hah hah hah hah
hah hah your opinion ha ha ha the I
think I need some kind of linguistic
killshot
for the people who come in and think
that that sarcasm is thinking because I
actually think that yeah and the people
Communion and saying you know lol you're
such an idiot
I get that a lot on on social media
lol you're an idiot so Mexico paid for
the wall lol it's not an argument yeah
and and there are people who think
they're making a really good point by
saying that Mexico has not yet paid for
the wall first of all we don't know that
they'll never pay for the wall and given
that nobody's building the wall it's a
little premature to say who's paid for
it but is there anything less important
to Republicans is there anybody who
voted for Trump who voted based on the
fact that Mexico would pay for the wall
and anybody who heard me talking about
Trump for the last three years knows
that paid for the wall is making you
think past the sale if you're talking
about who paid for it
you're already accepting that there's
going to be some kind of a wall so the
whole paid for the wall thing was never
real and how do we know it's it was
never real because we have a recording
of Trump saying it he saying it to
Mexico right didn't Trump tell Mexico
how the pay for
all thing don't worry about that I think
he actually said that so if you can't
distinguish between what is you know
political talk and what is economic talk
you shouldn't be in the conversation you
accept lies
I don't accept lies I just told you
literally the opposite of accepting oh
this is funny
somebody's coming here somebody said
they asked their brother or their
brother said they were waiting for a
Trump to be jailed and then somebody
asked some jailed for what and the
answer was quote everything and that's
the laundry list tell for Trump Trump
derangement syndrome ask him what's the
strongest argument just just one just
what it will hey brother what's the
number one thing ya think he's gonna go
to jail for just the best one and after
you debunk it say and would you agree if
that was your best reason the others are
less good than the one I just showed to
be ridiculous it's oh let's talk about
Cheryl this film and so in the news
president Trump has signed a bill to
make to rename a post office in
Charlottesville of all places it has to
be Charlottesville but of all places by
coincidence the post office will be
named after as a captain captain Khan
who was the the war hero whose parents
talked down against Trump at the
Democratic convention so soon oh so now
the president has done literally the
opposite of what people would have
expected to do if he's if he's anything
like they thought he was
yeah people are gonna go lol he's just
trying to cover up his races best so
have you noticed I was watching a Fox
News yesterday and have you noticed that
pretty much everybody in the the pundit
class has come around to my way of
thinking how many of you noticed that I
don't know when it was when I first
started saying this was it a month ago
or two months ago maybe you can fact
check me on this remember I said that
this whole fence slash wall stuff
wouldn't get solved until both sides
could say they got what they wanted and
now we're seeing this steel slat barrier
but you can't really tell if it's a wall
or a fence and you're seeing both sides
say wow let's let's call it a steel
slapped barrier and is it a wall as a
defense I don't know so I think you're
seeing what I predicted would happen
which is that we would just get to the
semantics of it now I told you before
that the president has a kill shot here
that he hasn't used I don't know that he
will I'm not going to predict that he
will but the ultimate kill shot is to
say a Chuck Schumer let's not make this
personal let's do something for the
American people I know that you don't
want me to get this wall because it's
personal as soon as you say stop making
it personal you have painted Schumer as
an ineffective useless political creep
who's not doing anything for the country
except wasting your time and your money
so if the president said maybe we need
somebody who can you know do the job of
you know a senator and maybe we don't
need somebody who wants to make this
personal at the expense of the American
people because that's what's happening
right Chuck Schumer is making this
personal
it's not even political you remember in
the old days you know the two sides
would disagree but it was political it
would be Republicans who didn't want
Democrats to win it would be Democrats
who didn't want Republicans to win right
that was our normal situation but this
isn't that this is actually personal
this is Chuck Schumer not saying I don't
worry Republicans to win he's not saying
that he is saying in pretty direct
language I don't want this one person
president Trump to have a victory it's
personal it's not even political so if
they were both being political you could
see how their own side would support
them it's like I yeah it is political of
course we're fighting politically that's
the game we're all fighting politically
but as soon as you take it to the
personal you're no longer credible you
you've you've given up all of your
credibility so I think Trump has that it
has that mo in his clip and he hasn't
used it but it feels like feels like yet
that one could come out
yeah given given that Schumer and the
Democrats have all talked about border
security given that the steel slat
barrier is not exactly a fence it's not
exactly a wall and it shouldn't be a
problem for anybody I think it's just
personal and the president can point
that out and it would be devastating all
right yeah read Rand Paul became a lot
more interesting lately on Twitter if
you have if you're not checking out Rand
Paul on Twitter this week you're missing
a good show he's gone full Trump in his
humor and his and his approach yeah
there's a Kevin Spacey story and a video
clip that I don't even want to watch is
it my imagination or did Kevin Spacey
transform from you know one of the
national treasures greatest actors ever
I want to see him in anything he's in
too just so creepy
I don't want to even look at him anymore
and yeah has nothing to do with being
gay because I think everybody knew he
was gay so yeah this has nothing to do
with gay there's just something about
the whole situation
that's just so creepy that it's it's
hard to it's hard to want to see him at
anything these days Chris Rock yeah
what's the Chris Rock story Oh didn't
Chris Rock say that you wouldn't be
bothered if his white friends used the
n-word deposed it depends on what
context they were using it in but and
then people are mad at him I would like
to suggest the following many of you
know that I have been as much as I like
free speech I've said strongly and for a
long time that when African Americans
want to ban one word just one word the
n-word that's not a lot to ask and so
even though you know on a larger scale
I support free speech and everybody's
ability to speak freely it's just not a
lot to ask it's just one deeply deeply
offensive word you know on a human level
freaking about the law forget about you
know forget about you know well fully
good read the law right forget about the
Constitution for a minute just on a
human level we can give them that one
thing right it's it's not a lot to ask
it's respect exactly it's a sign of
respect now I I hear the argument this
says oh you're asking too much and why
are you you know telling me what words I
can and cannot use I hear all that I
understand the larger issue but on a
human level
you know we're human beings can't we
give them that you know or are we so
small that we can't give them that one
word that has such a historically
damaging effect but given that I agree
so strongly that that word should be you
know not used in public there's a
separate question about whether you get
kicked off a platform blah blah whether
it's legal those are separate questions
I would like to propose another band
word so while I completely agree that
black people should be able to sort of
socially ban the n-word I would like to
add another n-word Nazi to me it seems
that if anybody calls well especially if
somebody who's not a white male if
someone who is not
white male calls me a Nazi they've
largely done something that's at least
in the same range as using the n-word
against a black person because what
could be worse than Hitler what can be
worse than Nazis and I have some German
heritage right I may be 20% or something
whatever the percentage is but I'm an
adult white man being being called a
Nazi
that's not fundamentally different from
calling a black person the n-word and so
I completely support the banning of the
n-word when it's used in any way even if
you're using it as a joke I just think
it's a terrible idea to use it in any
way but likewise while I believe that
adult white men should be able to use
the word Nazi I don't think anybody else
should be allowed to use it as a
description of another adult white male
I think it's just as bad and I think you
should be consider the new n-word it
should be the the n-word that's sort of
the the analog on the other side then we
both have a word then then I think I
think that feels a little more balanced
doesn't it to say that you know I won't
use the n-word against anybody else and
don't I don't and I don't want anybody
using the n-word against me and I think
that people should be kicked off of
social platforms either way in other
words if you're kicking somebody else
off a platform for using one of the N
words I think people should get kicked
off for using the other n-word they see
them in the same range to me now if
you're saying to yourself oh ho you
snowflake Scott how in the world can you
equate these two things one is a
callback to slavery to you the other one
is you be
part of the patriarchy and you know the
white people who have everything it's
not the same well here's my opinion
apparently you have not been called the
Nazi very much I have do you think that
black people would be bothered by the
n-word if people rarely used it like if
it just never came up do you think that
black people would care if it was just
like some weird historical word that
never got used against them didn't have
much that wouldn't care
it's because of the meaning it's
developed by the way it's been used
likewise the other n-word the Nazi word
gets used against people who actually
have no you know no no love for Nazis
and it does affect your life so to a
large extent I've had to shut down most
of my public appearances and a lot of my
social life because of that n-word there
are so many people who have accused me
of being literally have used the word
Nazi that it has changed the quality of
my life so let's say let's play fair and
there are now 2 n words and I think we
should treat them similarly all right
somebody says I think you're
overreacting to words whoever thinks
that I'm overreacting to words must
think that physical pain matters and
psychological pain and and how you can
operate in society doesn't matter
that's ridiculous because psychological
pain is every bit as bad as physical
pain
one came from the position of power they
are not equivalent Scot you
you sorry that just slipped out when
people are calling me a Nazi and telling
me I can't leave the house because it's
ok to punch a Nazi
I'm not coming from a position of power
I'm coming from a position of people who
are literally planning violence against
me so you can make your little your
little point about how there are not
exactly the same Scott they're not
exactly the same yes I know they're not
exactly the same that's what makes it an
analogy if it if they were exactly the
same I wouldn't be talking about him
because they're exactly the same it's
the point the whole point is that using
the wordt is damaging it's there's no
place for it in society and so those of
you who would make that small point that
although they're different they're it's
there's a small difference yeah there's
a small difference of course there's a
small difference it isn't the important
difference though it's funny I was
really trying not to swear on Christmas
but you know sorry
hope hope the kids weren't listening
somebody says they are different lol
maybe maybe you missed have you noticed
that it's impossible to tell the
difference between sarcasm and real
opinions now so I'm watching the
comments go by and I actually can't tell
what is a real opinion what is sarcasm
so somebody said that those two N words
are completely different lol and I'm
thinking is that a joke because they
know the saying that would be stupid or
are they just stupid and actually saying
that
I actually can't tell I swear to God I
can't tell I have no idea whether that
was a pot that would that was a real
comment or actually just somebody being
stupid I'm gonna say it was a joke what
let's what let lets let's agree that it
was a joke Scott if you ever read mine
 I have not I'm not sure that
reading mine come would be useful just
because of the language problem curious
about my about the use of the n-word in
music well I agree with the thought that
black folks sort of want to take the
power enter the n-word by using it
themselves and you know I get all that
and I think there's something to that
but I think it's ruined music a it
wouldn't you say that the the n-word has
ruined popular music because if you
listen to modern hip-hop rap song and I
don't know exactly where hip-hop ends
and rap begins does anybody know what
the exact definition of those are anyway
I'll turn on I'll turn on whether songs
or I'll hear it and it's so obvious to
me that the artist is forcing those
words into the song so that they can be
that kind of an artist and it's so
contrived now that it just feels on
creative do you have the same feeling
whenever I hear the n-word used in the
song by let's say a black artist who was
just using it in the typical musical way
all I can think is oh here's somebody
who's not good at music
that my first thought is they're not
good at what they do because they they
put a corny hackneyed overused
completely unnecessary gratuitous word
in there I I have similar standards for
movies if I see a movie where the good
where a good guy is or a good woman is
tied to a chair to be tortured I
immediately turn off the movie and I'll
never watch the rest of it so I have
this this rule that if the writers are
so bad they have to have a scene where
somebody's tied to a chair to be
tortured I'm out because there's nothing
else I'm gonna like if you're if you're
writing is that bad there you have to
have that scene and now here's another
way to tell bad writing
and you'll see it usually I think it's I
forget which month of the year you'll
see it but if you watch TV sitcoms
especially they they have teams of
writers and they'll say okay this this
is yours to write and you know this
script will be yours to write so there's
different writers working on different
scripts for TV shows there's a way you
can tell it's going to be a bad script
and you'll see this during the non
sweeps weeks so there are weeks where
they don't measure viewership and then
there are weeks when everybody knows
they are measuring so the good writers
work on the weeks that are being
measured and then they use the new
writers or the bad writers on those
weeks that nobody's going to be
measuring how well the show did those
bad writers have a tell and it's really
obvious and it drives me crazy bad
writers make jokes about food so if you
turn on a sitcom and it's a whole bunch
of well not that hungry
you're not that hungry maybe you haven't
seen my cheesecake or cheesecake I'm so
hungry though
but any any punch line or reference to
food in a comedy is your signal as soon
as you hear it you can just turn it off
because good writers
don't make food jokes now coffee is a
little different because coffee has a
you know like a a mental impact on you
and you know it's part of the culture
and stuff so making fun of coffee or
even when when Homer Simpson makes fun
of Donuts that's not necessarily bad
writing because there's sort of special
cases with donuts and coffee and stuff
far jokes as well yes if you see fart
jokes you can pretty much turn it off
yeah the The Soup Nazi of course was not
about the food it was about the Nazi
which is you found a way to tie all of
my themes together foods and food and
Nazis
yeah we jokes are kind of weak too
aren't they yeah but you're noticing
that a lot of TV shows and movies are
showing marijuana is just a normal part
of culture now so that's a little
different
somebody's making fun of a joke from
Dilbert serious I tell you that I tried
to get that to take that joke out of
there for the very reason that that
you're pointing out and I did not
succeed you know a lot of a lot of
writing if it's for TV shows or movies
is tends to be a group group effort I
did not write that no I'm not even gonna
talk about it it was so bad sign of good
writing the sign of good writing well
that's a little harder but good writing
usually is more complicated bad writing
is about the stuff that's happening to
your body
I'm putting food in my mouth there's a
far - coming in on my bottom so that's
that's bad writing good writing is about
people's thoughts
so if you see writing that's about
somebody's selfishness and their their
bad character qualities that's usually
good writing thoughts on indictments
that's a big question
that would have to be more specific
Jim Gaffigan is hilarious and he does
talk about food like hot pockets
but here's what Jim Gaffigan does right
that makes it work when he talks about
food it's not really a food joke when
Gaffigan makes a joke
it's about himself so when people joke
about their flaws that can be good
writing when the joke is about the food
in it in sort of a normal way that
anybody would react to food like I like
chocolate cake that's not good writing
but when Gaffigan does it he talks about
you know his his weakness for it his
urges his being overweight you know
that's a whole different deal yeah
um a great food joke
I remember seeing on the an early
episode of Roseanne so before I got
rebooted and before I got rebooted again
Dan
Connor was talking about how how they
deal with it was it Dan or Roseanne was
talking about how they deal with their
problems they say they they they have
problems they just eat until they cover
it up or something which was cut it
anyway it was funny over the way they
said it would you consider among the
greatest comics you know that changes
based on humor humor is very different
over time if you look if you listen to
Steve Martin if you listen to like the
early Steve Martin stand-up where he was
a wild and crazy guy and he you know had
the arrow and his head and stuff when he
was doing them you know in the day that
that was brand-new it was the funniest
thing I've ever seen in my life
but if you watch it now it's it's
incredibly lame because what you know
what we think of as humor evolves all
the time so George Carlin I would say
probably did better than most people as
staying current his you know his early
stuff was completely different than his
later stuff and he was current in both
cases so he probably was one of the best
yeah Norm Macdonald always great Dave
Chappelle great Eddie Murphy never I was
never I have to be careful here because
I make a big deal about saying that
comedy is subjective so if I say I don't
like somebody's comedy that doesn't mean
it's not great it just means I don't
like it
Eddie Murphy to me
has never been funny because he he goes
for the easy stuff you know gay jokes F
f-bombs
it's it's just too just too obvious
stuff yeah bill burrows funny
Seinfeld of course hilarious Richard
Pryor I never thought was funny I I
don't know if it's because I didn't
watch Richard Pryor when he was you know
current maybe if I'd seen it in the day
it would seem funnier at the time but I
never never left of that louis c.k is
sometimes hilarious but he's spotty Sam
Kinison was hard to watch for me Chris
Rock probably one of the one of the top
stand-ups of all time yeah I put him in
the top certainly at the top five of all
time Kevin Hartz great George Carlin was
amazing yeah
Jim Jim Jeffries is an interesting case
Jim Jeffries is very talented but the
content that he talks about well let me
put it this way he's not likable so Jim
Jeffries looks like somebody who is very
talented at his job but probably the
biggest in the world in real
life I mean it just sort of comes
through and in his performance I don't
know that that's true but that's that's
the vibe I get and when I get that vibe
that he's a terrible person in real life
it's just hard to enjoy it
yeah Foxworthy in again in his day he
was hilarious I haven't seen him lately
Joan Rivers was great in her time greg
Giraldo didn't see her that much Amy
Schumer it was great yeah Bill Murray's
always funny
all right uh yeah Joe Rogan is hilarious
and current that's the other thing that
Joe Rogan does well he stays you know
his humor stays current all right well
you don't need my opinion about every
comedian in the world that would be the
most boring periscope of all time all
right so it's Christmas and we should
end on something positive don't you
think
let's end on something positive I just
saw a tweet from I guess it's human
progress org that said that during
Reagan's day something like 40% of the
world was in extreme poverty 40% of the
world was an extreme poverty in Reagan's
era today closer to 9%
we went from 40% extreme poverty to nine
and there's reason to believe that by
2030 I think it is that extreme poverty
will be eliminated actually eliminated
that's the most amazing accomplishment
the world has ever seen but because it
happens kind of slowly you don't get you
know a moment to celebrate that so
that's good the other thing is jobs are
great we're winding down Wars at the
moment we have we have nobody pointing a
nuke at us at least in anger and almost
everything is trending in the right
direction yes it's a good it's a golden
era no Yemen is trending in the right
direction as well because they just had
a ceasefire agreement now in Yemen
you're gonna have to assume that there
will be agreements and then breaking
agreements and you know it's going to be
stopping and starting but the the
process of D conflicting has begun it
just won't be easy and it won't be fast
all right so I'm going to Russia is
always a potential threat people say can
anybody tell me why we need to be
enemies with Russia I just don't get it
what is there going on between the US
and Russia that we even need to be
enemies you know what what is the
natural thing they're like it's easy to
understand why we're natural enemy was
say al-qaeda or Isis because their their
belief system is so opposite that only
one can win you know you can't can't
really coexist with that belief system
but Russia they don't really have a
reason to be our enemy now we don't have
a reason to be their enemy except we're
just used to it
it feels like just inertia doesn't it
doesn't it feel like well you know they
always focus so they always will so we'd
better poke them and then they're
thinking hey they keep poking us so we
should poke them back I just don't
really get what the purpose is yeah some
people saying that Russia is an
expansionist country and they want to
you know they're they're trying to
gobble up their neighbors and stuff but
if you look into it a little bit deeper
it looks kind of defensive from Russia's
point of view in other words Russian you
know wants a certain amount of control
over its neighbors for purely defensive
reasons now why do they need to worry
about defense because of NATO because of
us it feels like it's all psychological
at this point you know there are so many
problems that are real but the Russia
problem is real but it's based on
psychology alone there's no there's no
natural reason we need to be enemies
with it all right
do you think they really want to
recreate the USSR when they know it
didn't work the first time I think they
want a pipeline and I think they want
security national security and I'm not
entirely sure what's the big deal if
they had a pipeline
I hear us talking about no Russia can't
have you know a warm warm water port and
they can't have a contiguous land to
make a pipeline and I'm thinking is it
just business is it just because we want
to compete with them that's why they
can't have a pipeline is there anybody
else we're preventing from having a
pipeline like what is the morale what's
the moral case for preventing someone
from having a pipeline you know we need
to think a little deeper than this
anyway that's all I have to say and
merry Christmas to all