pom pom pom pom pom pom what a day what
a day come on in here hey Jerri good to
see you Andrew - feffy 20/20 and word
he's dirty
always a pleasure to see you well
actually it's your first name but it's
good to have you Marla Geordie what a
pleasure you know today is one of those
fun days you know you ever wake up and
you say to yourself I'm not positive but
I think today is gonna be good all day
long it's Halloween
what could be better one of my favorite
all the days of the year and not only
that but you are about to enjoy a little
thing called the simultaneous sip have
you heard of it it's amazing and you
don't need much not much preparation at
all
all you need is a cup of margaret los
lifter stein chalice
taker thermos flask and team grail
goblet vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
on Halloween the simultaneous hip go oh
oh I can taste the simultaneity
connecting me to all people drinking a
beverage anywhere in the world at the
same time yes we are one we are one well
you'd be disappointed if I talked about
anything except the hero dog have you
ever had more fun talking about a
political topic than everything about
the dog from the very first time you
heard the report that there might have
been a dog with a camera on his head who
chased the number one isis guy into a
tunnel and made him blow up himself and
his children
it's started good from from the jump and
then it just kind of kept getting better
I don't know how far that I don't know
how far we can milk this dog so to speak
I wouldn't want to milk a dog but you
know what I mean
so of course you all saw the hilarious
story yesterday the president who has by
far the best sense of humor and sense of
showmanship of any president and I'll
even call I'll even go further and say
we'll probably never have a funnier
president or one who understands the
shell you know how to put on a show so
he tweets this picture around that was
of course a photoshopped a picture of
the president putting something like a
dog version of a Medal of Honor around
the dog's neck and and as you know as
you know the media decided to fact-check
it now if I'm being totally honest if
I'm being totally honest the first
moment I saw the picture I thought to
myself that could be real but I also had
the I had the foresight to expand the
picture and look for the tell-tale
Photoshop edges which are quite
obviously in the photo in the photo so
if you use Photoshop
every day it's not hard to yeah you just
click on it expand it so oh yeah that's
photoshopped you can see the edges but I
suppose a few if you didn't have
experience with Photoshop such as Jim
Acosta maybe he doesn't use a lot of
Photoshop yeah he fact-checked it yes
the White House says the dog was there
yeah I talked about this in my book
loser thing which you should pre-order
today because it will arrive November
5th and you'll be the first ones to
learn what was wrong with Jim Acosta
let me summarize loser think is about
having at least a little bit of
experience in multiple fields so that
you can you have more visibility about
your reality every one of you who has
experience with Photoshop looked at that
picture and said to yourself you know
I'm exaggerating when I say every one of
you but you know what I mean you
probably looked at it and said huh
probably Photoshop let me see click oh
yeah it's Photoshop so just a little bit
of experience with Photoshop would have
completely changed how you saw that
story and a couple of journalists
apparently are not Photoshop users that
looked at that and thought better check
out this and then of course you saw all
the the hilarious memes that came after
that my favorite one is shows it shows
the president giving a medal to
Chewbacca so I guess the name of the dog
has been released so the president has
named him his name is Conan and he said
that them today that the president
tweeted this he said thank you Daily
wire cuz they're the ones who did they
did the Photoshop tweet I guess very
cute URI create recreation but the live
version of Conan the dog will be leaving
the Middle East for the White House that
sometime next week he's leaving for the
White House does that mean that he's
just gonna appear at the White House and
they'll have a ceremony in which he put
him puts a medal around the dog's neck
is that gonna happen please please
please let that happen
No yeah it doesn't need to be a Purple
Heart but some kind of dog Bella would
be just hilarious now the other question
people are asking is whether the
president means when he says the White
House whether it means he's gonna adopt
the dog to make it the White House dog
no he didn't say anything like that and
the and he has said before he's too busy
to have a dog but I'll say again this
dog would be somewhat in danger in a
regular house if you let this dog just
go to some suburban house and say hey
now you're the you're the dog for the
house somebody might find the dog and I
think the dog would have a little danger
because there's there must be somebody
in the country who's pro-isis and so how
better to protect the dog until the end
of its noble life than to make it the
president's dog because even when he's
an ex-president he'll still have Secret
Service he'll still have people to take
care of the dog the president never
dates to touch the dog somebody said you
know what if the dog attacks the
president well I'm pretty sure the dogs
well-trained I don't know all the
details there but you know we have
leashes and we have handlers and if
you're a billionaire you can afford a
handler so here's here's the thing can
you imagine a better a better more
perfect outcome especially you know I
have to say this because it's an
election the context for everything we
do but can you imagine anything better
for Trump's image his election or just
for the best show in the world to adopt
the dog and make it the White House dog
would let me ask you this the moment you
saw him just hypothetically I'm not
predicting he'll do it um here are the
two facts you need to know Trump I think
you'll agree with this is the best
showman we've ever seen certainly in the
realm of politics but I
argue in any realm he's the greatest
showman the world has ever seen
you know partly because social media
allows him to expand his influence but I
would say in the history of humanity if
you count his skill his office and the
fact that we have all these tools the
mass communication by far the best
showman of all time now keep that in
your head and then ask yourself what
would be the best show of all time
adopting the hero dog in the White House
are you with me can you imagine a better
shell you can't you just can't imagine
it now there might be real practical
limitations to have been doing it for
example if the dog has already been
adopted or the the handler is retiring
and wants to go with this dog if the
handler is retiring you know the one who
is primarily responsible for the dog
maybe the dog's best life is with the
handler so you know that's that's a
determination too but I know you agree
with me best showman of all time access
to if he does it the best show of all
time adopting the hero dog now I think
this was Greg Gutfeld original
suggestion so credit where do I did not
see that coming but maybe he did we'll
see all right
there's all kinds of stuff happening
with social media which you would expect
about the room the election so we've got
Devon newness is suing Twitter for I
guess allowing untrue things about him
to remain on the internet when and I
don't know the details of this
I guess he's claiming that that twitter
can identify the bots and because
they're letting the bots spread
information disinformation about him
something like that I don't know the
details but I'm just mentioning this as
context so that's going on at the same
time that Jack Dorsey has announced
yesterday I guess the Twitter would no
longer take political ads and when I
first heard that I thought I think I
have to think about this some more
because I'm not sure how does this
affect the world my first impression was
was positive because I thought just get
rid of all these stupid ads because
political ads are generally worthless
lies they're not entertaining the they
they barely change anybody's mind but
you know you only have to change 1% to
win an election
and I thought maybe that's just the
safest thing to do because otherwise
they're in the business of spreading
lies because political ads are pretty
much just lies and why should they be in
the business of spreading lies so I
thought from a from a let's say ethical
what's good for the world kind of point
of view coming out in favor of not
spreading known lies it was kind of
supportable right but the ramifications
of that will say Brad parse Cal was not
happy they had of trumps campaign and
and the digital guru of all things he
points out correctly that the campaign
who has the most money and the most
sophisticated best digital operation is
the one who's gets hurt hurt the most
because if he has the most money to buy
ads and then somebody says you can't buy
ads anymore well that hurts you the most
so and then other people are saying can
you imagine that Twitter would ever make
this decision if we were not in this
exact situation where Trump had the
advantage woody would he not I don't
know it seems like it seems like we
would probably be here no matter what
because no matter who was running and no
matter who was ahead you still have the
problem
that the that the ads are lies and why
would you want them on your platform
even though you know social media is
full of citizens lying it's sort of
different with them when people want to
be President or like so but here's the
thing when Twitter says it won't accept
political ads the way Jack Dorsey
explains it is he says we don't want to
be selling reach so when you when you
put an ad on Twitter it's not as if you
can't just do a tweet so the president
can tweet and add or you know you could
tweet anything once and anybody who
creates an ad they can tweet it
they just can't pay extra to have his
sent to people who are not following
that account what I would ask you if you
were Brad parse Cal's operation and the
tweets that you make are both hilarious
and well produced you probably get a lot
of retweets just for free well what you
don't get is that content crossing out
of your silo of the people who follow
you already and basically are already
gonna vote for Trump you just don't get
any of the other people because nobody's
paying attention they're not following
you necessarily I think the president
might be an exception he probably has
people who were not his his followers
following him I mean he has people who
don't vote for him following him I
assume lots of them so maybe maybe he
can tweet stuff and that gives him some
advantage but it's it's gonna be hard to
figure out how this all how this all
sorts out and at the same time we've got
Facebook Zuckerberg saying he's gonna go
the other direction he's still going to
accept political ads but in his case he
says they don't want to be in the
business of policing truth and he would
rather keep the fake fake you know
untrue has up there
and I assume this is what he means let
other people comment on it and say it's
not true and that's you know the best
the best disinfectant for lies is free
speech in this model he didn't say that
but that's why my interpretation is that
the more free speech the better and
that's your only defense against lies is
maximum freedom of speech is he right I
don't know you know all these things are
pretty grey aren't they
because so now Twitter went a different
way which seems cleaner I like I think I
prefer I don't know they both made I
think both Twitter and Facebook have
made reasonable decisions that
reasonable people can disagree with it's
all really great and I don't envy them
having to even make these decisions
because there's sort of no way to win
but let me put a summary on all of these
social media changes the net effect wait
for this this will be my big
jaw-dropping moment that you have to
think about all day long are you ready
the net effect of all these Twitter
Facebook advertising etc changes is we
don't know what form of government we
have because I've told you before that
we we used to be something like a
republic when the government was formed
and that meant we would elect people who
would be our representatives they would
go off and make decisions on our behalf
really good system when your best
communication is horse here take this
letter on your horse
three days letter later and deliver it
somewhere so in those days that made
sense to have a republic because you
didn't have an option you know there was
no way to get everybody to vote on
everything at cetera time goes by social
media becomes the dominant way that
people communicate and find news and and
just you know live their life and it
completely accidentally
the power of social media became the
government so that's that's my
interpretation that whatever social
media decides the government needs to do
sooner or later the government needs to
do it so we're at we're at a point where
the government is now not a republic
where we we we elect these people and
then they make their own best judgment
about how to support their people we
have a system in which social media
makes a decision in essence you know
because it forms some kind of a
consensus it informs the politicians
what they can and cannot get away with
and then they just they sort of have to
conform now of course they'll be
exceptions there'll be times when the
politician goes against the weight of
social media but those will be very
selective times because they know they
can't always be on the wrong side of
social media so in effect the social
media is our government informally
because it has so much power power of
opinion power to shape the next election
you you know power but now we don't know
what social media is or how it works
because the two biggest platforms the
ones that matter to politics Facebook
and Twitter have made changes that are
different changes and we know exactly
know once you throw in the bots once you
throw in I don't know what this does
when you can't by reach what is it does
what does it do to the way that
campaigns are going to operate we
actually lost the sight of what our
government is and now it's lost in the
algorithm think about this we actually
don't understand nor is it possible the
smartest person in the world at this
moment the smartest person in the world
would not be capable no matter how much
research they did or how much access
they had to base information the
smartest person in the world now could
not determine our form of government
because it's something with BOTS is
certainly it includes foreign
interference because
can stop it on social media I mean you
can do what you can do but you can't
stop him
then there's the algorithm of Twitter
and you know the the no ads what's the
what's that look like you know who gets
an advantage of that I mean we it's
completely you know gray we just look
into what we go on I don't know it looks
like it's bad for Trump but what about
the next election who was it bad for and
let me and then let me take a little bit
further so in the news today there's
news that Camilla Harris is running out
of money or at least she's decided to
scale back her campaign and spend less
because she's not fundraising as big as
well as the top people
likewise Biden is considered in trouble
because he's running out of money now
let me ask you who voted for Camilla yet
and who voted for Joe Biden yet nobody
nobody voted for her Kamla nobody voted
for Joe Biden and they might they might
have to get kicked out of the primaries
in effect by running out of money so let
me ask you this do we have a system of
government that's a republic in which
the people vote and then their vote is
heard and then our representative it
goes often makes votes on their behalf
nope nope we do not we have a system in
which the people who are donating are
absolutely deciding who is running and
what system does that look like what
system are you reminded of in which
there's a free election but there's a
catch the only people who can be in the
election have been sort of selected by
the small group what does that system
remind you of answer I ran I just
described
Iran's system of government in Iran you
can run for president but only if the
ruling clerics primarily the Ayatollah
say you can run so the only people would
get
be on the ballot are the ones selected
not by the people but by somebody in
charge we've accidentally we've
accidentally drifted into something like
that a system where the only people can
run as a as a Democrat will be the ones
we get the most money now Bernie tried
to break the system by getting small
donations and successfully and
apparently he's still drawing the most
people at his rallies the fact that an
80 year old socialist is drawing the
most attention at his rallies and
getting the other small donations and
stuff is really a credit to Bernie I got
to say well I don't I don't think he
should be President I don't think he's
got the right policies etc and I don't
want an 80 year old to be President you
have to respect his game my god he's
good and his energy his recovery from
his heart attack it's hard not to have a
good degree of respect for Bernie even
if you don't want him to be present he's
doing a heck of a job but here's my
overall point we no longer know what our
system of government is because it's
something about the people with money
determining who can have enough money to
even be in the primary and get through
it it's something about whatever
Twitter's doing whatever Facebook is
doing whatever other countries are doing
and whatever influencers on social media
are doing and whose lies are the most
effective then on top of that we have
this whole sham Pietschmann thing going
on that we'll have probably in effect on
the election and what what is a sham
Pietschmann have to do with our system
of government do you dear was there any
time when the founders of the country
were drawing up the Constitution and
they said you know you know what we need
we have a rule for impeachment but what
we need is something else we also need a
rule for a sham Pietschmann you know a
an impeachment that's just a sham where
they don't use the actual rules of
impeachment but rather they pretend they
are to create news that makes the public
think there's an impeachment process
we'll just know it's not an impeachment
today we're just gonna we're gonna vote
on the rules of impeachment if there
were an appeasement we'll know what our
rules would be now what's the public
here well sounds like he's getting
impeached so we have lost all connection
to a form of government that ever made
sense it's now the Wild West and in the
Wild West the best gunfighter is gonna
win and who's the best gunfighter in
politics today rhetorical question trump
trump is by far the best gunfighter in
the Wild West and politics just became
Wild West I don't think anybody's gonna
be the best gunfighter especially if he
gets a hero dog for the White House all
right Hillary Clinton is mad at Facebook
for their decision to allow false
information in political advertisements
she calls it appalling it's appalling
voters are being confronted by millions
of pieces of misinformation a world
where up is down and down is up is a
world where democracy can't thrive let
me yeah let me translate this for you
I'm gonna translate this from Clinton
ease into an actual language you
understand all right so here's her act
hers here's our Clinton ease oh no the
Facebook's decision to allow false
information and political advertisements
is appalling blah blah here's what she's
saying translation if social media has
that kind of power
then my trained journalists were on my
side won't have as much in a
relationship so Hillary Clinton wants
the truth to be something you hear in
the news she was that to be your single
source of truth now does that give
Democrats an advantage yes because if
you take social media
out of the equation what do people have
left to believe well what they see in
the news and who controls the news well
most of the Democrats but of course
there's a I know 40% of the country or
whatever it is watching Fox News and
getting their their news that way but
but for Hillary Clinton to even imagine
the Facebook could identify and remove
the news that's fake how in the world is
anybody going to decide what's fake if
anybody could decide what was real and
what was fake we wouldn't have had the
Muller investigation we're terrible and
understanding what's real and what's
what's not you know we just spent what
two years listening to Hillary Clinton
about fake news about Trump being a
Russian agent and fake news about Tulsi
Gabbard being a Russian asset I mean
she's the queen of fake news and she's
saying that Facebook should crack down
on fake news she doesn't meet her own
I think she's assuming that at Facebook
being a left-leaning organization
famously that if they decided to police
the news there's no way that wouldn't go
in her favor because there's no way
you'd put facebook employees in room and
saying here's the news from here's a ad
from Trump's group here's an ad from the
Democrats can you tell us which one is
true there's no way that works but she
wants that because that would be good
for Democrats
speaking of Tulsi Gabbard I did send her
a message and s so i ID m'd Tulsi I
guess her DMS are open it asked her if
she would come on this periscope it's to
my surprise Tulsi responded personally I
think it looked like it was her to the
DM and said yeah here's the here's my
campaign person to set it up and
connected me what
so that's my news for the day so Tulsi
Gabbard did say yes to coming on this
periscope at a time to be announced I'm
talking to the campaign now before you
get too excited remember that I also
invited Andrew yang some months ago he
also said yes personally referred me to
his campaign but sort of got lost and
lost in that shuffle so saying saying
yes doesn't quite mean it's going to
happen right so we can't assume that all
the the connections will be made but
it's kind of mind-blowing it's kind of
mind-blowing that the world is so small
that I could be sitting here my my
Dilbert drawing desk in California
surrounded by forest fires and blackouts
and God knows what and I can just send a
message on my little device to somebody
who's running to be the most important
job on the planet the president in the
United States and I can get a personal
answer sure it's just mind blowing isn't
it how some all the world got so we'll
see if that happens I hope so
so the whistle blower got named I don't
know if all of you were aware of it yet
but there's I forget who popped the cork
on this apparently all the journalists
already knew the name they knew who it
was but they weren't reporting it or at
least like they were pretty sure they
knew but they weren't reporting it so
now we know I forget the person's name
doesn't matter but he's a Democrat he's
a he's not just a Democrat he's sort of
an active Democrat if you know what I
mean so the original whistleblower
clearly was a partisan now I do not
people will say people will tell me that
I'm always supporting the President and
saying that his
his persuasion skills are amazing and
let me be really clear that his
persuasion skill the president's
persuasion skills on this whole
Ukrainian phone call has not been
perfect and indeed now I don't know if
they'll pivot to doing this but the
president once he'd released the
transcript and we had a good idea of
what wasn't wasn't said and he probably
knew that some investigation would pop
up people who were talking about the
 the quote quid pro quo I think the
big mistake
persuasion wise is to pretend that maybe
that's something wrong the president
should have said and didn't they're
checking on somebody who is number one
in the polling to be the next president
biden
checking on his connections to foreign
countries which are based on public
information I mean the public knows
there's something we should understand
better about the Biden's and Ukraine now
it could be that if he asked Ukraine to
look into it Ukraine could ask a few
questions come back in two weeks and say
yeah we looked into it it's nothing but
you know normal business there's nothing
there would you have been upset if the
president asked about Biden and Ukraine
looked into it and said yeah we don't
really see anything now of course you
wouldn't be upset most thing your Trump
supporters but would anybody else be
upset I think they'd say oh good we just
cleared Joe Biden that's one less thing
that the other side can say if he's if
he becomes the nominee wouldn't that be
good for everybody
now suppose it went the other way
suppose Trump said I need you to look
into these Biden's and let's say Ukraine
looked into it and actually found
something that weren't that's the
problem if I had to put the odds on it
I'd say that's low to me personally I
think the odds that they would find some
smoking Biden gun probably low but there
might be something that makes your
eyebrow go up and your hair on the back
your neck Oh
so there might be completely legal
behavior this still looks a little
swampy to you wouldn't you want to know
if you're going into the next election
and you're a voter and let's say it's
Biden because he's leading in the polls
just hypothetically against Trump
wouldn't you want to know just as you
wanted to know if you were on the other
side you want actually I think everybody
wanted to know if there was any Russian
collusion in the Trump campaign you
could be hoping for it to come out one
way or the other but didn't you all want
to know I mean I certainly wanted to
know I assumed there was nothing there
but I certainly wanted to know and why
wasn't that completely appropriate it
was because the voters need to know if
their leaders compromised by in another
country so this Biden thing let me say
this as clearly as I can the White House
communication and strategy on pushing
back against the Biden thing is a
complete failure I mean it's very poorly
done in my opinion I'll tell you what
was done well I think the president
saying that the phone call was perfect
that's pretty good
you're staying out of the details just
saying it was perfect no I you know and
not any further than that but that's
okay but it's not enough he's got to go
all the way at this quid pro quo and say
in fact he's got to say every
conversation with the foreign leader is
a quid pro quo so stop saying that well
why are you even bringing up a quid pro
quo all you have to know is that two
leaders had a conversation if you don't
think it's always quid pro quo then you
don't understand what a conversation
between leaders actually is so you
should take this quid pro quo thing and
you should blow it up like Al Baghdady
that's right I said that you should blow
up that quid pro quo stupidity the way
you blew up L Baghdady
because it's stupid there are some
things which you can say my priorities
are different than yours my political
opinion is different than yours but
some things that are actually just
stupid it has nothing to do with
politics
so to imagine that two leaders could
have a conversation without a quid pro
quo in it that's just stupid
so just call a stupid that's your best
defense is to say that you're being
children all these conversations are
quid pro quo should the president have
released funds before a conversation in
which maybe he has some things to ask
for shitty no no we shouldn't if there's
something you want to ask for you keep
your leverage and the u.s. work maybe
that's what he did we'd have to hear it
in his own words but if he did that's
exactly what a president does now the
question is whether he was digging for
dirt because the president and here's
the biggest failure the White House has
allowed the other team to brand what he
did as digging for dirt on an opponent
was it digging for dirt on an opponent
yes it was was it also his job and a top
priority to make sure that there was no
Biden connection with Ukraine yes it was
if something is all of those things
there's nothing there but he's allowing
the other team to say it's only it's
only digging for dirt I haven't seen
anybody say stop saying is digging for
dirt he's doing the job of a president
and if he didn't ask about this he
wouldn't be doing his job
so they're completely failing on the
defense of this now I will say there
might be something about this I suppose
this is always true there might be
something about this that I don't
understand for example there might be a
lawyer advising the President and weigh
in about something that I don't quite
get is a trap or a risk so maybe there's
some legal reason that I'm not seeing
that that they have to treat it the way
they're treating it maybe the president
doesn't want to open up an attack
against him by saying oh you know that
would basically say that they've all
investigation was legitimate and not a
witch-hunt
although at this point I think the Lee
Smith book is blowing that to hell by
the way I haven't read the Lee Smith
book that the one that was I think it
was number one in the world bestseller
recently but it talks about the plot
against the president I forget the name
of the book and I guess there are some a
jaw-dropping revelations in there about
the genesis of the the steel dossier and
I've only heard about it I haven't read
it but if that stuff's real you know if
that book is accurately reporting what's
going on oh my god that the deep state
is going down I and it's hard to know
what's true in this world anymore but if
any of that's not true there are
probably people going to jail let's say
the President as tweeted that they have
about 60% of a trade deal with China
meaning that 60% of everything they want
has been agreed and that they're
planning to sign it so it would be a
partial trade deal and they're just
talking about the location and the
timing of it now now you have now seen
any news to suggest that the fentanyl
shipments from China have stopped have
you and and so I'm gonna hold my opinion
on this until I understand it better
because I don't know what is the part
that's agreed to versus the part that's
not if you know this is a very big if
because I don't know this to be true but
if the stuff they're gonna agree on is
simply good for everyone for the
business that's already there maybe
that's not a big deal so for example if
China has agreed to not steal the IP of
the companies that are already in China
sure when I was like why not sign that
deal because that's just good for us if
some of it is just you know some some
areas of tariffs you know are relaxed
maybe it's good for our farmers maybe
that might make sense and so we also
don't know what is what is the forty
percent we're holding back and maybe
that's where we get we get some fentanyl
motion so it could be that the sixty
percent we're willing to sign we think
is good for us whereas the forty percent
we think is more good for China and
we're gonna we're going to hold that out
until we see some action on I don't know
fentanyl and Hong Kong and we girls and
stuff I said before and I'll say it
again if the president signs a
comprehensive deal with China for trade
and they continue sending fentanyl to
this country that would be an enormous
failure on the part of the president
such a failure and because I take this
issue personally okay I don't know if I
could support the president after that
that that would be too personal to me
and I hope you understand that I would
still love all of you and I think the
president's gonna win no matter what so
I don't think there's a chance the
president will win but if he signs the
deal with China and they just keep
shipping fentanyl to this country I
don't know I could support that I think
I think that's where I'm out okay
so but I don't expect the President to
do that I expect that he would not get
to a some kind of a final deal which I
know without a sense and all improvement
so we'll see Obama was interesting
recently he came out against canceled
culture so Obama was basically saying as
some event that we should just sort of
relax about people's smaller flaws and
mistakes and you know maybe pay
attention to things
are more important just accept the fact
that we're imperfect people in an
imperfect world and and maybe not obsess
about the imperfections I gotta say it
was it was such a good reminder of why
he got elected in the first place and
why he got reelected the the the way
that Obama approached some topics was
just the best way all right
and the way he approached this is just
so adult I have to say I really
appreciated it and I've said this before
that when he ran for president and did
not make a big deal about him himself
being black that was just great
Obama inge I mean that's that's just
good technique and this is good
technique as well
so here's here's the funniest headline
of the day so this is a CNN headline
right so the the context matters at CNN
and this is their headline Fox News
departure to :
Catherine Herridge joined CBS News
saying quote and facts matter so let me
read that headline again and see how you
interpret it this is on CNN it says Fox
News departure catherine herridge joined
CBS News saying facts matter how do you
interpret that wouldn't you interpret
that to mean that she believes that Fox
News doesn't report facts and so she's
going to another network that does this
isn't that how you report that I mean
how you interpret that headline oh
that's how I interpret it and I thought
my god really did she actually say that
so I drill into the article to find out
where she said she's leaving Fox News so
that she can report on facts for the
first time doesn't exist does not exist
the headline is fake news
the headline that says that catherine
herridge joined CBS News , saying facts
matter is technically true but of course
is worded to be misleading here's the
part that's technically true she did say
facts matter she did not say I'm leaving
because facts matter the the because is
implied in the headline but doesn't
exist it was just one of several things
she said now if you're a journalist how
ordinary is it for you to say that facts
matter well every journalist says that a
hundred percent of working professional
journalists journalists will say facts
matter I care about the facts I'm gonna
report on the facts so what she actually
said was close to nothing because
journalists that's their job report on
facts
she said facts matter she did not tie
that to why she was leaving that's
completely imaginary news that they put
it in the headlines and and the funny
thing is it's a headline mocking fake
news that is fake news transparently
obviously no no doubt about it this is a
misleading headline and obviously can be
intentional all right that's about all I
got for today I think pretty good an
interesting news day somebody says CBS
ruined Star Trek I disagree I so I've
been watching I watched this Star Trek
that's running on CBS all access the
first season kind of a mass second
season they got new management you know
she knew showrunners kind of great by
the second season so I like the
atmospherics of it oh yeah some in the
comments Jim is reminding me there one
of the things that you haven't seen in
the news about the California blackouts
is wait for it how do you charge your
electric car
yeah we have probably I'd assume I mean
I've never looked this up but I'm gonna
assume that California has the most
electric cars of any state it's probably
fair to say and all those electric cars
it's not that they just how do you have
you go to the store and get groceries in
the black I suppose if you had a tesla
powerwall
a battery you could charge your car I
think I assume that those things work
together why wouldn't they so you do
have an option as long as the Sun shines
but if you have a car and no power wall
battery which could be tens of thousands
of dollars and you charge your car I
haven't seen anybody talk about that in
the news but number of people have
talked about that with your Generac yeah
maybe all right I am going to be flying
out to New York City on the 3rd so I
guess that's Sunday so on Sunday I'll be
flying out you'll may be here for me on
various radio TV podcasts talking about
my book loser think and I've got a
feeling this might be my biggest book I
don't know yet I want to jinx it but
there's something about this book
that's so sticky because it addresses
all of the arguments you see in your
life and and in social media and gives
you another window into them and a
technique before avoiding the worst
arguments and sorting the worst
arguments when they're used against you
so I think it's going to be almost
required reading for people who want to
interact in the internet and don't want
to look foolish because about the the
10th time somebody says well that's mind
reading
you're gonna ask yourself what book were
they reading you see this already on the
internet right mostly on my Twitter feed
people will say that some but somebody
in the news is mind-reading and we start
seeing how much of the news is some
stranger assuming
was somebody else's thinking incorrectly
you can't unsee it so that's one of the
things that loser think is gonna do is
gonna give you a frame and some words
some vocabulary so it's really easy to
spot the the bad thinking techniques
it's going to make a difference somebody
says you cannot title the book loser and
expect it to sell well you have your
point is well made your point is well
made people do buy books because of who
they are so there's something about
buying a book that matches your brand
you know it's like books are kind of
personal so would somebody buy a book
and sit there reading it on the you know
on the airplane that has the word loser
right in the word and the answer is
we'll see we'll see here's the thinking
behind it yeah somebody's handed me in
the comments if you had asked me years
ago if there would ever be a series of
books in which you're you're calling the
buyer of the book a dummy or an idiot
would anybody think anybody would buy
that the dummies guide to HTML the
idiots guide to everything those are two
of the biggest selling series of books
in the world and they literally insult
they insult the reader the trick is if
if you do it in sort of good humor and
people understand you know there's a
function to the book and it brings
attention to it and it makes it hard to
forget those are pluses and losers who
think because it's a new word it's kind
of sticky let me ask you this having
heard the new word loser think would you
ever forget it
probably not it's sticky isn't it and
loser think given that the book is about
how to avoid it and how
call it out and other people will say so
those of you who have pointed out that
that that could be a you know a
violation of common branding form to put
a loser in the title the risk is and
it's an intentional risk one that I did
knowingly the risk I took is that it's
sticky and it's provocative and you
won't be able to get it out of your hand
so that's the play all right
some people like it I also think it's
the best cover I've ever done it's also
either I would go further this is one of
the best covers I've ever seen in a book
honestly yeah I so I've written if you
count the Dilber books I think I've got
something like 45 books in my career 11
of them or is this the 12th at lost
count this is the 11th or 12th book of
the non Dilbert type where I got to
design the cover without having to put
Dilbert in it and although sometimes I
did so this and this is the best one by
far out of 45 but look at do this little
experiment if you find this book then go
to whatever category it's in because
it's in it's in some of the bestseller
categories like political humor I guess
and and just look at the other book
covers on the page just expand the page
so you can see you know that all the
book covers it really jumps out it
really jumps out and there's a lot of
science there's a lot of science behind
this by the way
someday I'll talk about that Oh somebody
says hold up the book cover yeah so the
let me tell you why this is the best
book cover you've ever seen
number one the title is one word and
it's a new word as one that's catchy so
the title marks number two this
burnt-orange always tests well it
catches your attention
so that's scientifically known if you
had a choice use this color
you'll see there are a lot of in fact
there quite a few on my shelf that have
some of this palette now here's the
other magic you see these people in the
bubbles makes you curious doesn't it why
are they in the bubble what is the
bubble is this a book about how to get
out of the bubble how to get in the
bubble is it about Democrats it's about
Republicans it's about all people isn't
about some people curiosity and books go
together really well if you've ever read
any of the Harry Potter books probably
most of you have the author who I can
never remember the author of the Harry
Potter books which is crazy because
she's the most famous author in the
world
JK Rowling so JK Rowling is the best you
might ever see of stoking your curiosity
throughout the book you'll see that a
lot of the chapters end with there's a
sound in the distance or there's
something happening that's unexplained
at the end of every chapter so you say I
guess I'll have to read the next chapter
to eventually get to the answer to
what's happening at the end of this
chapter so lose the cover does the same
thing makes you say who's in the bubble
the why are they in the bubble what's
the bubble about what is looser think so
there's a great curiosity trigger built
in that's the technique and that's all
for now I'll talk to you later