happy cat day
everybody let me make sure my comments
are
working uh oh I spelled the title wrong
darn
it
[Music]
tyo I assure you I really do know how to
spell conspiracy but you wouldn't know
it from the title I put on the show
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization I mean at least until we
get our gravitic propulsion systems
can't
wait um but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even comprehend with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need is a cuper
marer glass of tanker chelin a canteen
suer flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the imper pleasure
the dopamine end of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
that's right the simultaneous sip
yeah
incredible best thing they happened to
me
today well the news is all fun and
interesting so I'm going to zip through
it and Delight you number one oh first
of all uh Owen is going to do a
spaces which he's been been doing on
Saturdays so you could look for that I
don't know if it will become a long-term
tradition but at least for today uh Owen
Gregorian will be doing a spaces after
this show where you can talk about what
we talked about or I suppose anything
else all right so look for that so
yesterday I opened up my chat GPT app
which I haven't looked at recently
because I I've been using other
apps and I didn't realize that uh that
my app had already been upgraded
so that you can do the thing where you
open the camera on your phone you could
just point your camera at stuff and the
AI will have a conversation with you
about what you're looking at now I
didn't really know how cool that was
until
yesterday where I'm standing outside my
driveway at night and the the moon is
out nice little crescent but really near
the Moon is this very bright presumably
a planet and I said to myself huh which
planet is that it's so bright and so I
turned on the chat GPT camera and I just
aimed it at the sky and I said what
planet do you think that is and Chad GPT
said well it could be you know this
bright Planet could be this or it could
be that but it's probably Venus because
that's the brightest one that would be
in in that part of the sky and so I said
to it because it's it chats with you you
don't have to touch another button you
can just keep the conversation going so
I said to it are you saying that Venus
is the shiny one and does that mean that
the other planets would be experiencing
Venus
envy and it laughed at my joke and
complimented
me it actually reacted to the joke
positively now that just that just
freaked me out because if you're a
person who likes to get credit for
telling jokes which is literally my
profession I worry that I would get
hooked on that you know just having AI
tell me I did a good joke like yeah yeah
artificial intelligence right there if
you think it's funny it must be funny
but then I remembered that AI can only
do dad jokes and that that was basically
just a PG13 dad joke like H okay more
work to go anyway there's a study uh
written written about in study finds
the success could come down to luck more
than Merit according to research H
research was there a faster way to find
out if luck is a component of success
what uh if they didn't want to spend the
time and the money on a whole research
project is there any other way oh yeah
they could have asked Scott hey Scott
we're thinking of spending a bunch of
time and money to find out if luck
influences success and I'd be like hm
H yeah it does it does but I would add
the following which I think they didn't
discover that you can make more luck for
yourself you can make more luck for
yourself how do you do that well get out
of your
chair if you're just sitting at home in
a chair you're not going to have much
luck but maybe if you go meet some
people apply for some jobs that are you
know above your level try to build
something in your garage just to see if
it works take a few classes to build
your talent stack move to a place where
there's more opportunity get involved
with an industry that's growing quickly
instead of shrinking yeah you can change
your luck you can absolutely change your
luck now not in any moment and not a
specific way but you can go where
there's more luck that was exactly my
strategy when I graduated college in
upstate New York and I looked around and
said if I stay in Upstate New
York what kind of luck would I have well
I might get lucky with a
cow and that's about it because that's
what there were in Upstate New York we
had cows and then there were people who
had low-income
jobs cows and low-income jobs middle
class
basically so I said to myself where
could I go where basically there would
be luck all over the place and the
answer was California and then
specifically the Bay Area if you plop
yourself in the Bay Area and you've got
talents you're going to do okay doesn't
matter who you are you just have to go
where the luck is but you also have to
be prepared right you need some
education that's relevant to to that all
right so go find your luck that's your
advice for today I guess apple is
settling a lawsuit
that uh has them admitting
that their their digital assistant SI I
don't want to say it to trigger all your
phones but uh it was in fact listening
to you even when you didn't notice and
even when you didn't know it was
listening it was doing exactly what you
worried about is my phone sometimes just
listening to me on its own yes it was
doing exactly that now if you're worried
you know what's the risk in that
allegedly I believe that all it was
doing is somewhat you know somewhat
useful task of doing a better job of
knowing what commercials you would want
to look at so if the only thing it was
doing and I'm not saying it's the only
thing but if it was the only thing it
was doing is it is served me up better
ads I'd say well that's
good I'd like to see ads that are more
relevant to my experience of course but
of course none of us trust that that's
all it's going to do you kind of assume
that they could just replay those those
audios if they wanted to if if the
machine is listening when you don't want
it to are you telling me that there's no
human being who could just play at any
time they want or just listening live
listening in real time now there's no
claim of that but as long as the
technology allows it well somebody's
going to do it you know anything as
possible gets done in our world so yeah
yeah your privacy was completely
compromised maybe not yet but it
certainly was a system that guaranteed
it if they didn't stop it and I I don't
think anything actually I don't think
the lawsuit would make any difference I
think your devices are all going to be
listening to you no matter what I just
think they'll just keep doing it that's
my guess meanwhile Thomas messie handed
out to everybody in the new Congress
their debt badge so he invented a little
lapel badge that's got a digital readout
that increases as the debt increases so
you can see our $36 trillion do of debt
zooming up now here's what I love about
this um it was one thing when he had one
for himself and he would hand them out
to some people but giving them to
everybody um is a powerful play because
you want everybody to wear The Scarlet
Letter of what what problems they caused
so if you think that the the debt clock
is so that they can tell you the public
that the debt is bad well it kind of
does that but the far more clever thing
it does is it makes you wear it like a
Scarlet
Letter it's the Scarlet Debt Clock if
you're if you're an elected politician
and you're wearing uh literally a
digital thing that shows the extent of
your failure as a
politician look at this you can't you
can't Fail Harder Than This have you
seen this 36 trillion and now it's 37 37
trillion that's how badly I failed now
you could say that the new members of
Congress haven't failed yet but it's
still funny to make them wear it because
they're going to fail you it's not like
they're going to get rid of $ 36
trillion of debt very quickly so this is
very CL ever I like I like everybody
having one and I like the fact that it's
an insult to them but they'll probably
still use them or or even if they don't
wear it and all they do is leave it at
home they're probably going to leave it
somewhere where they see it all the time
and it's going to be like on top of
their dresser and they're going to see
it every time they get dressed but
they're like ah I don't want to wear it
but there it is so rule number one for
persuasion the most important starting
rule for persuasion you have to make
people focus on your thing more than
they were that's it that that's your
rule number one so Massie is turning
this concept of debt into a physical
device that your eyes are looking at
makes you think about it more than you
were thinking about it that is really
good persuasion so you know it looks
like it's a clever toy and people want
one because other people have one and
but it's way more than that it it's just
really really smart
persuasion meanwhile
uh we got a new speaker of the house
there was no no real drama there took
one vote and uh Mike Johnson's back at
it and he's already saying that uh the
house of Republicans will investigate
the disbanded house select committee
those are the those are the bad people
who did the January 6 show
trial what is not
specified is whether the Republicans
will run it as a show
trial which would be kind of perfect you
know to do to do back to the select
committee what they did to the January
Sixers why not do it in public now I'm
sure that no matter what they do they'll
be you know they'll have to testify in
public but wouldn't it be funny if they
did what the j6 committee did which was
hire a a TV producer and really really
make it watchable so that when you watch
it you're like wow this is interesting
because I'm not sure everybody watches
the you know the clips of somebody
testifying for three hours but you would
definitely watch it if they Entertainer
entertain atiz it making up a word so I
don't know that Republicans do that but
under the Trump
Administration I feel like that might be
the kind of thing that Trump could add
to the process meaning you know you
don't have to do this the boring
way well Mr President we we don't want
to be like the Democrats we we just want
to get to the bottom of it and find out
the truth yeah yeah I get that but you
don't have to be
boring so I feel like there's a
conversation that's going to happen
where Trump is going to take his reality
TV experience which is nomenal and see
if he can apply it to this situation
we'll see see how it goes I think I'd be
happy either way honestly but it'd be
fun to see it as a uh as a show just to
pay him
back well meanwhile the Biden
Administration has uh determined that
the chemical for mahide which it turns
out is in all kinds of products and in
your environment all over the place um
is an unre unreasonable risk to Human
human health and should be
regulated so you're basically surrounded
by this thing that the administration
just told you is deadly and it's
everywhere and you're not going to get
rid of it huh but I wonder if there is a
counter argument yes turns out the
American chemistry Council and they're
of course a lobbying group for the
chemical industry uh stressed the
importance of firm alide and said that
the determination that it was on
reasonably risky was based on quote a
flawed
assessment so here's your choice uh I
want to see which way you think the
credibility is so on one hand you've got
the government the Biden
Administration so they've got a
scientific take on the other hand you've
got the scientists who are really
lobbyists for the industry which one of
those do you trust your government to
get the science right
and when was the last time they did that
uh versus a lobbying group whose job
really is to lie to you for all
practical purposes that's that's how it
works
out
um so if I told you hey trust the
science do you have any access to the
science no you don't you would have to
trust either your government or a
lobbyist group that's all you have
so they're telling us that you're going
to die if you get too close to this
stuff but you have only an uncredible
Source telling you and that it's being
imposed by another non-credible source
and that's what we call science and when
the idiots who tell me you should trust
the science and believe the science and
don't be a science denier these are
people who are
seriously on
inexperienced I feel like everybody who
has like real world experience and has
paid attention
they don't trust the science so quickly
you know what I
mean by the way well I can't tell you
yet but there there's some science
that is really bad that I I've had a
preview to I don't know if I could ever
go public with it but oh my god
um so Biden is going to award the
presidential medal of freedom one of the
country's greatest honors
on a number of people but it includes
George Soros and Hillary
Clinton and you might be saying wait
what I I probably heard that wrong it it
couldn't possibly be true that Biden's
giving our highest medal of freedom to
Soros who has done the most to destroy
the country and is the most closely
associated with evil
incarnate he's getting an award the high
highest award meanwhile Hillary Clinton
is also getting the award huh what do
Hillary Clinton and George Soros have in
common commonality oh ha
abedine so she was longtime Confidant
and assistant to Hillary Clinton and now
is married to George
soros's um son Alex who's taking over
the business huh seems to me that
wherever
who epine is is the real power doesn't
it she seems she's like a a moth to the
flame so where she goes tells you where
the real power
is what do you make of the fact that
Biden is doing something that's so
remarkably
obscene in giving these two characters
the highest award in the country here's
what I think is
happening this is a
flex this is how George Soros and Alex
Soros tell you that they're still in
control because if you can make Biden do
this you are always in
control th this is basically telling the
Democrats
hey the these are the ones are in
control that's what I see I'm surprised
they didn't throw Obama in there but I
do wonder what's the dynamic between the
Clinton
power um Power Island
versus the Obama power Island because I
don't think the Democrats have you know
one leader who's pulling all the strings
I I think they probably have a Game of
Thrones kind of few power sources vying
for dominance but it seems to me that
Obama has been taken completely off the
field because I mean he just did such a
bad job promoting Biden and he's the one
who picked Biden and seems to have been
behind the uh Russia collusion hoax and
he's he's he didn't have a good year
Obama didn't so I suspect that the sorer
thing probably came from Soros Andor
Hillary and that his real purpose is to
establish them as
legitimate rulers of the party albeit
behind the
scenes so that's a very artificial
persuasion play this is to tell you that
these are not uh the biggest criminals
in the world world but rather should be
respected meanwhile Greenland throw
throws us a curve you know Trump wanted
to maybe take control or buy Greenland
and uh the the Danes who own it Denmark
controls Greenland and the Dan said no
way no way are we going to sell you
Greenland it's valuable and we're going
to keep it and now Greenland itself says
you know what we don't like being owned
by this colonizing Denmark we should be
an independent
country now here are some things you
need to know about Greenland so first of
all you probably know that it's
strategically vital in a way that it
didn't used to be because as the the ice
melts in the Arctic it's going to be a
fight for dominance among the
superpowers and Greenland is sort of
right there on the you know right in the
mix so whoever controls the land mass of
Greenland is going to be in a much more
dominant position to you know control
the nor what's north of the northern
hemisphere I guess that's still the
Northern Hemisphere but what happens
when you get to the top of the planet
that's nobody's hemisphere all right so
there are
56,000 residents of Greenland
approximately the whole
country the entire country
56,000 for contact
the small town that I live in has 7
75,000
people 75,000 people but that's my town
and I don't live in a city I mean it's
maybe a small City but it's more like a
town there's one like one little Main
Street the whole town and uh we're much
bigger than all of Greenland Greenland
has a GDP that's apparently Hard to
measure for some reason but probably
between three and for a billion dollars
a year so it's not a big place and my
question would be how in the world could
Greenland as an independent country
protect
itself and a bigger question would be
how could Denmark ever protect Greenland
of course they couldn't not even
close the only the only country that
could protect Greenland you know
properly would be the United States but
they're not asking for that you know
they would of course if they were
independent they would make their own
their own treaties and stuff maybe they
could work out some kind of deal but
here's what I
think it seems to me that if I were in
the
CIA and my job was to secure America
using you know every little clever trick
I could the first thing I would do is
convince Greenland that they really need
to be independent so first you got to
get them away from Denmark why because
I'm guess in this is just speculation
but I'm guessing that the CIA would not
want to use dirty tricks against you
know a European you know Ally you know
it's not something we would do to Great
Britain it's not something we would do
to France it's it's not something we do
to Denmark I think I mean it's not like
it's not like all the countries are not
spying and messing with each other a
little bit but I don't think the United
States would try to steal a land M Mass
from Denmark
like the other allies I I don't see how
that could possibly happen but the
moment this little
56,000
people um giant country becomes
independent they're going to be
helpless and completely vulnerable to
CIA Bri bribery blackmail complete
puppet control which is what we want we
we might not want to own the country so
much as have functional control over it
and put our military that bases there
and and maybe get some approval for
mining of I guess they have a lot of
rare earth minerals so there is there is
a way to make a deal where they're
independent but not really you know
56,000 people population could not stand
up to the you know the power of our
intelligence people if we wanted to have
control of it
so that's what I think is happening I
think Greenland might be getting a
little boost to say why don't you make
us independent and then Denmark is going
to say uh because because uh we own you
then Greenland will say why do you own
us you're on the other side of the world
like what what rule says you should be
ruling over us your colonizers so
Denmark is going to have a hard time
explaining it and apparently they also
subsidize
Greenland so if you're a if you're a
voter in Denmark how much do you care
that you're paying Greenland to
exist like
what and Greenland might drag you into a
war might drag you into a war in the
Arctic how much do the Danes want that
they get no economic benefit because
they're subsidizing I think that's true
I'd need a fact check on that I don't
think they have economic
benefit I think it's just a cost and
nothing there's nothing to gain from it
it's just it is literally just Prestige
maybe because it's something they own
but now the prestige will turn into you
evil colonizers you're preventing us
from pursuing our destiny as a
greenlander so it's an interesting
interesting thing I just wonder if we're
involved in this or it's happening
organically if we're not involved and
trying to make it happen I'd be
disappointed and surprised
meanwhile Justice Juan
Muran he's the judge who is presiding
over the case of trump getting those
loans and misrepresenting the uh value
of his properties said the courts now
what we know is that um that case never
would have come to fruition if it had
been anybody but Trump we know there's
no victim we know the bank said no we
always check the values ourselves it
doesn't matter what he said it's routine
that we check the value ourselves and
they did and they made a nice loan they
got their money back no victims and it
wasn't even outside the realm of
ordinary business was it technically
illegal well that's what that's what the
jury found in the most biased place on
Earth the jury found that
so here's what's happening I was
watching CNN yesterday and so it looks
like the the bad guys the Democrats are
going to use this to paint Trump as a
felon who shouldn't be in office even
though he
is and what they're doing you have to be
alerted to it is they're making you
think past the sale which is persuasion
and in this case
propaganda what is the sale the sale is
not whether he was found guilty or
not because that's just something
everybody agrees with that factually the
court found him guilty but they're going
past the sale that there should not have
been any court case at all when the jury
gets it the jury is just deciding facts
based on the structure that the court
gave to them they said here's what's
here's what the uh guidelines are now
you have to decide if this guideline in
other words if you're if if a crime has
been
committed based on the guidelines we've
given you and the facts we've presented
you
so the CNN um folks are trying to make
you think that he must be guilty of
felonies because the court found him so
technically that's true but they're
making you think past the part which was
complete evil lawfare and should never
have happened and everybody agrees it
shouldn't have happened really except
the most partisan so be aware of that
don't let them make you think past the
sale
um so Trump humorously announced the
appointment of Morgan Ortegas as a
deputy special presidential Envoy and in
his uh in his announcement he made it
clear that uh quote early on Morgan
fought me for three years but hopefully
has learned her
lesson so I wasn't aware of this but I
guess Morgan oras at one point was an
anti-trumper but because other people
uh told Trump that she was the right one
for this job and she has since of course
become Pro Trump uh the other people
said she should be in the job Trump says
directly basically it's not his choice
but he's going to let other people's
opinion on this Rule and so he's going
to go go ahead and do it now the fact
that he said completely honestly it
looks to me at least transparently he
said that uh he's just not crazy better
but he thinks under the circumstance
it's worth a
try I love
that I love that and it is so sticky and
persuasive because if you hear him talk
like that and and you know he didn't
care what anybody thought about it he
just said well this is what I think this
is what I thought of her before this is
what I think of her now and here's why
I'm going to do something that doesn't
make sense to you because other people
have a different opinion I'm going to
let them I'm going to let them uh play
that
out everything about that I love now it
must have been a bad day for Morgan
Ortegas because she had she unlike other
people who have been nominated uh she
did not repost the truth
social endorsement from Trump she just
wrote her
own so that's got to be kind of kind of
embarrassing and humiliating but Trump
as always done this the the persuasion
play where he makes sure that if you're
against him you pay a price and he makes
sure that if you're with them you get
like more benefits than you were
expecting so I've often told you that's
the the Pinnacle of good persuasion is
that everybody knows there's a really
big difference between making you happy
and making you not happy oh if you make
me not happy I'm going to make you twice
as unhappy if you make me happy you
might get a great job I might sing your
praise I might retweet you something
like that so he's really good at that
making sure there's a giant difference
and this was this was more of
that well you may have been following
the um drama that I stirred up yesterday
on social media on X um because I
noticed that Amazon had many of my
calendars for 2025 listed except that
I'm not selling a calendar on Amazon
they were all counterfeits all of them
and there were several now if you look
you'll see that they've been removed
because I made a very big deal about it
yesterday and it got a lot of attention
and um I was talking to their support
trying to trying to get me to their
legal team so I could talk about it as a
legal problem but the more I thought
about it I was like well yeah at first I
thought well this is just sort of a
ordinary business problem just have to
be faster in reporting things but their
system is such that you could report all
day long but the the time it takes for
them to react and sometimes they'll even
require you to buy the
product like if it's a book if it's a
book you have to buy the product and
then prove that the insides of the the
book match the insides of your book
that's their system and and there new
ones coming on faster than you can do
that because it you might take two weeks
to get that done
so there are some people who think that
process works uh I think 100% of the
people who wrote to me and said they
tried it confirmed it doesn't work and
apparently if you try to fix this no
matter what kind of a seller you are
whether you're whether you're selling
Goods or books uh well anything that's
not a book um apparently you hit
glitches and problems and push back and
eventually you get put out of business
so the real model of Amazon for
practical purposes is that it's a way to
steal the good work of American
businesses small businesses and hand it
off to China so Amazon has become a
weapon of mass destruction that China
can use to suck all the vitality and
Innovation out of our economy at the
small business level which would be
enough to destroy it
now if they're doing that that's not
just a legal IP question
if it's
massive it's a homeland security
problem would we ever you know agree to
a situation in which the entire business
model of Amazon is to effectively hand
over the IP to a Chinese company that
will make your product and while you
watch it and there's nothing you can do
about it so a number of people wrote to
me and said you know we we tried making
a business online China stole all of our
property knocked it off immediately we
couldn't get couldn't get Amazon to take
them down even though we tried sure
there's a system it just doesn't
work so then I thought to myself I
wonder if I'm sort of
imagining that Amazon could do more but
they're intentionally not and uh I heard
from an Insider so this is Mark Atwood
on X this is public so he said this on X
he said here's some inside from a former
Amazonian roughly every three years this
gets into the press and then retail I
guess the part of Amazon that does the
retail stuff put together a program they
put together program and a team to fix
it and they start fixing it right up
until it starts reducing revenue and
quote diversity of suppliers and then
it's yanked up short and then the
program is starved until it rots away
because it doesn't actually generate
revenue and there it sits until it shows
up in the news again I watched it
happened twice and found the remains of
at least two previous
cycles does that sound like it's
accidental no so there's an Insider
telling you that they intentionally
starve the process because they make
more money if they let it go and it's
really that simple so they're allowing
the complete rape of American businesses
just wild
wildly inappropriate theft and they the
primary movers of it let me ask you this
question we've all heard that China
massively steals the intellectual
property of companies that operate in
China we're all aware of that right it's
a well-known phenomenon who do you think
is stolen more intellectual property
Amazon or China because Amazon probably
has you know essentially given China
more opportunity to steal things than
all of the companies that are just doing
business in China
itself so um I did ask uh I sent a DM to
Senator Holly to ask if he can bring
Bezos in and ask him what he's going to
do about the fact that he's the primary
agent for the destruction of the
American
economy because he is and I don't think
that Bezos is a bad guy I think he wants
what's best for America he might not be
complet filled in on how bad it is he
might have been told that they have a
process so it's fine oh don't worry Jeff
we have a process they can just report
it and then we take it down but do they
tell him that that process doesn't work
for anybody do do you think he knows
that well he probably knows it now
because I made such a big stink about it
millions of people viewed it I think I
got three million views on one of them
one of the views came from Thomas Massie
who weighed in on this and said quote us
inventors get ripped off on Amazon too
oh it's worse than I thought Amazon
makes money on The Fakes and knockoffs
so they have no incentive to fix it yeah
that tracks that tracks uh it's clear to
me they should be legally liable for the
fraud they help perpetuate on the public
the authors and the
inventors right
however Thomas Massie this is not just a
fraud
case this is a homeland security issue
we're literally we've created a pipeline
to export our
entire small business economy that sells
things through the mail to
China so yes I'm very happy that you
wait in and he's he's right on top of it
but I'd love to get it out of the frame
that it's a fraud problem it is a fraud
problem it is a fraud problem but that's
not the thing I need fixed what I need
fixed is stop throwing away the
country stop transferring the
intellectual weight of America to
China that's that's what I need to
stop anyway Mark cubin weighed in
productively and he had a fairly long
list of suggested
fixes um I won't go into those because I
don't know enough to know if they're
exactly on point but they look it they
look at so here's a here's one of those
cases
where I always talk about the internet
dads when the election was on of course
people took sides and Mark cubin was on
a side that many of you were not on so
we didn't like that part but we also
understand politics as politics that's
not the real world when it comes to the
real world yes you want to Mark Cuban to
say how do you fix this thing and to
also observe that it needs
fixing and to get the conversation going
at a at a higher level so thank you Mark
cu
for a very productive um contribution to
the conversation now one of the things I
were I wondered about
is uh why can't they fix it by just
making the legitimate seller have the
authority to take down the
FES and if I take down a real one and
the real one complains and Amazon Amazon
says wait a minute this was real you
took down a real one it's just your
competitor well then I should be removed
from the system forever right I never be
allowed to sell on Amazon if even once I
report my competitor when in fact the
competitor is doing nothing wrong so I
would put that I would put the um the
ability to take
down a copyright or just other violation
I would put that on the the vendor and
then you could say you know all Amazon
is doing is is uh following instructions
they're not part of the wholesale
destruction of America
now there were number of other things
that Mark suggested they all worth
seeing if you want to check it out on X
um here's an update on the terrorists
boy did this
get I don't want to say
fun because these are horrible events
and people lost their lives
but well you'll you'll
see you'll see um here's what we know so
as of today and I'm going to tell you
what you know the official story is um
I'm still open to every other theory of
what's really happening so if you think
you know the FBI is really behind it or
you know whatever it is you think I'm
okay with that I'm not going to rule it
out but I do think the official story to
me is sounding like it it all works
there there's to me there's nothing
missing in the official story so far
that tells me oh this is this is an
outside plot but let's talk about those
things see if you disagree so some of
the things we know is a Christopher Ray
head of the FBI he warned us months ago
that there would be lone wolves inspired
by
ISIS and it turns out that as far as the
FBI can tell the New Orleans guy was a
lone wolf and there's no indication yet
that he was somewhat you know directly
an Isis fighter or something he just
seems inspired
by
now and so so so far there's no real
mystery there Ry told us would happen it
looks like it happened it's exactly like
he called it it's inspired by not
planned
by um but there are coincidences such as
they seem to have spent time at the same
base army base but they weren't there at
the same time and it's such a big army
base that some like onethird of all
soldiers go through it so there really
is no coincidence to the the base thing
it just means they were both in the
military now is somebody who is in the
military more likely to Stage a violent
attack I would think so if if you've
ever been involved in violently
attacking people I feel like it would be
an easier transition to violently attack
some more people if that's what your
philosophy said you do so I don't think
it's a big coincidence they're both
military so was Timothy
McVey um I don't think it's coincidence
they were at the same base and I also
don't think it was a coincidence that
happened on the same day because if you
did a survey and you said all right if
you were a if you were a terrorist and
you were looking for a big crowd to take
out and you wanted to get a lot of
attention where everybody's paying
attention what day of the year would you
pick I think you'd find
I know 40% of the people who answered
the question would say well the cameras
are rolling and everybody's watching on
New Year's Eve and you know that's the
first day of 2025 and we plan to kick
things up in
2025 so the one guaranteed time that
it's going to work is the first day and
I will go further and say if you had
planned a 2025
attack or or maybe you were just trying
to avoid Christmas it could be that they
both would have done it whenever they
were ready but they didn't want to ruin
Christmas because literally they I think
they both had families they didn't want
to ruin Christmas so there's nothing
really too coincidental about January
1st if it had been a random day like you
know March 13th a random day well that
would be a big coincidence but January 1
is probably the most likely Place
anybody would have picked if they had
bad intentions and wanted a big crowd
and a lot of attention so no no real
coin
and also the use of the same rental
company um as Tyrus pointed out on the
five the other day and I told you uh I
think I'm the first one to point it
out you you could fact check me on this
but I think I'm the first one in the
country to say that's not a
coincidence they're probably less
monitored by authorities so if you want
to get a big truck and you're in the
military and maybe you said some things
online about
Isis probably if you go to Herz or Avis
Homeland Security is already in the back
door and probably they hear about you in
the truck immediately I'm guessing and
by the way I'd be disappointed if that's
not true can you imagine if the CIA
doesn't have access to the rental
companies so they can tell who's getting
the panel truck and also has you know
some some issues with their online
accounts they better be looking for that
you know if they're in all of our other
stuff and we've lost our privacy if
they're not looking for the rental
companies as the the first place to look
for trouble they're not doing their job
they need to be looking at
that so I assume they are and I assume
that if you planned something that
required a truck you would use an app
because it's less likely that anybody's
in it and and the the automobiles in
this case are private people's cars so
the app hooks you up with a private
person who has a car that they want to
rent and you just pick it up wherever
you meet that private person
so none of those strike me as
coincidences
um then there's also the issue of oh
okay so in my in my view the the Las
Vegas guy was a mental
case but I know you're going to point
out Bo way Scot he's a py you know he's
made to look like a mental case but
really you know he was set up now the
evidence from being set
up um I haven't seen I haven't seen
evidence he was set up you can't rule it
out right can't rule it out but why
would the CIA want to do the worst or
somebody else why why would anybody want
to do the most pathetic
attack involving a cyber truck that's
the wrong tool and fireworks that are
the wrong
tool and it didn't hurt anybody and the
Las Vegas Trump Tower is not even owned
by Trump as far as I know I think that's
a licensed property I don't think Trump
owns that you by the way I could take a
fact check on that but I don't think he
even owns the building I think they that
it's a licensed property I
think
um
so here's the oh then other things that
are suspicious is that he loved Tesla
and he loved Trump because he loved the
Cyber Tru he was bragging to his
girlfriend about it now do people try to
hook up with a girlfriend and call them
and say the cybert Trek is awesome and
say they're going to Mexico and then all
of a sudden they kill themselves in
Vegas well here's what I think I think
he was heading to
Vegas not
Mexico uh at the very least he was going
through Vegas to get to Mexico because
he stopped accidentally it looks like at
a place called Las Vegas New Mexico like
he just told his told his truck to drive
there and then he didn't realize that he
was on the wrong route and then he went
to The Real Las Vegas so there's two
points that say he was really trying to
go to Las Vegas because he did it twice
once the wrong Las Vegas so he at least
wanted to Las
Vegas anyway so there's and then
allegedly used a 50 caliber gun to kill
himself uh which left no dental records
is that what happened did did he shoot
himself with such an aggressive weapon
that his teeth were
destroyed I I just saw an indication of
that but that doesn't exactly make sense
to me because I thought the I thought
the wound was on the top of his head I
don't know so I don't understand the
dental records part maybe you can fill
me in but if you were mentally ill and
planning to kill yourself would you try
to hook up with your ex before you died
because that's being treated as
suspicious H you know if you're bent on
dying are you going to try to hook up
with your ex well let me answer this as
a male yes yes you would absolutely try
to hook up with your ex before you died
if you're healthy and you're male and
you're horny why wouldn't
you so that's not weird that that's what
a mentally ill guy would do as long as
he was also
healthy and he had the knowledge to
create a better bomb but you just used
fireworks and gasoline which doesn't
look like a professional
act
however um fellow Named Sam shoemate was
on the Shan Ryan
podcast and I think I got this right
that so so Sam
shate runs an account where people give
him tips on stuff a lot of military
stuff because his background is
military and he was apparently contacted
ahead of the
event but he didn't know the event was
coming and
allegedly sorry allegedly the Las
Vegas um SL
terrorist wrote to him and told him that
he was trying to get attention for the
fact that the drones over New Jersey are
really
exotic um gravitic propulsion devices
that only China and the United States
have and China now has it and these and
these super Flying Saucer drones are
coming from offshore from Chinese
vessels and that's what's over New
Jersey and they have unlimited power and
they can destroy the entire East Coast
or any part of it without without being
harmed because they're their magical
technology and that uh it's game over
and China has complete control over
destroying the
country and he wanted to use
fireworks so that it made a big show of
things but clearly wasn't trying to
destroy the
building so does that make
sense does that sound real to
you well I definitely don't believe
there's any such thing as gravitic
propulsion
devices um somebody said are you kidding
Scott here here's a here's the patent so
there's going on the internet there's a
patent for the something like the
graphitic graphitic propulsion device I
don't believe that's a real
patent you just have to look at it and
say all right if you know a little bit
about patents you know that you're not
going to get a patent unless it's either
already built and you could demonstrate
that it works or it's something that a
person who is skilled in the field could
build somewhat EAS
so you don't have to have a
prototype if what you're describing is
something that anybody anybody could
build if they were in that
field um I don't see a way you could get
exotic propulsion
device uh patented unless you could show
you could build it or that somebody who
knew this field could build it and
there's nothing like that so now I'm not
going to do the research to find out
that that's a fake patent page it's
clearly
fake and and even if it did get patented
which I suppose is possible it's not
real couldn't possibly be
real so um I'm not buying that Laura
Laura Lan was pointing out that the
email is filled with media talking
points and smacks of a staged coverup
well that's true it it did seem to be
that he he had a lot of Kraken like
talking points so so the that we could
get the public talking about gravitic
propulsion devices in China instead of
maybe something else we should be paying
attention to you know we're always
worried about the
distractions um Erica our New
Jersey uh let's say uh journalist
independent journalist at least in this
case says the drones are still out in
New
Jersey so they were quiet over the
holidays but oh okay well the so the
photograph that um Erica just included
in the uh the locals feed you can't see
it if you're not on locals um showed
clearly an
aircraft because it's got the it's got
the aircraft
lights um so that would suggest it's at
least legally
operating um Scott you should see the
anti-gravity patents you don't have to
build it get a patent no I just said
that you don't have to build it to get a
patent as long as it's obvious that
somebody in that field could build it
that's the part that doesn't that's not
real if somebody in that field could
build it somebody would have already
built one you'd be riding in it right
now it couldn't possibly be
real anyway
um and I guess he repeatedly talked
about making it to Mexico which does not
track with the fact that he presumably
had plans to end himself before he got
to
Mexico but I wonder if maybe the plan
shifted it could be that maybe he
thought I'll just blow up this car and
then escape to Mexico that wouldn't make
sense because he wouldn't have a vehicle
so we don't know the Mexico part and as
Laura Logan points out that would kind
of suggest that he was set up um she
also points out that there were two
paper letters this survived the fire and
explosion of the car however I don't
think that's
unusual uh because the the vehicle was
not completely destroyed right so
depending on where the letters were
let's say if they were in the glove
Department the glove
compartment would they have been burned
up I don't know so yes it's a head
scratcher how two pieces of paper could
survive a
carire but
it's not impossible because the Cyber
truck had you know good walls of
protection
um and then there's also the claim from
n NBC news that he used an exotic
explosive
compound wait is this the same guy no
this is the other
guy um so the New Orleans guy used an
exotic compounds that makes it look like
hey where do he learn that but uh I keep
conflating the two attacks but that's a
separate
one anyway here's
a so so my take so far I'll give you my
tentative take uh the coincidences are
largely explained Away by ordinary
life they don't seem to be coordinated
with each other one of them appears to
have been mentally ill from
PTSD uh that seems well I think pretty
well likely and the other one seems
inspired by ISIS but not maybe part of a
larger wave of attacks so remember when
every one of us were we were so sure
when the attacks happened that this is
the beginning of al-qaeda's wave of
attacks because we saw Shan Ryan
interview Sarah Adams which by the way
because we live in a simulation is the
name of my old cat I had a cat named
Sarah who I called Sarah Adams so but
they're different people this is
actually a human so the human has high
credibility people are saying very high
credibility um I've confirmed that her
credibility is impeccable because it
turns out she follows me on X and I'm
like that's really all you need to know
that's impeccable impeccable logic and
she's definitely on the right path
anyway so her take was that uh there's
going to be a massive wave of attacks in
the United States and we all thought
that that was the beginning of it it
doesn't look like it it it looks like
these were two random attacks that just
naturally fell on the same day because
it was a good day to
attack so um now if you're just joining
the stream let me remind you I do not
have certainty about any of it I don't
have certainty on any of the facts have
that have so far been reported and I
definitely don't have a certainty that
there's not some larger clever plot and
he's he's a py or any of that stuff I
don't I don't know but so far these look
like ordinary cases ordinary
meaning somebody was inspired by ISIS
you know he had he had the name he had
the
background and the other one he just had
PTSD and maybe he changed his plans in
the middle and maybe he was half decided
whether he was going to kill himself
versus whether he was going to try to
get away and then maybe at the last
minute you said you know I'm never going
to get away with it I might as well just
do it now now people asked how do you
shoot
yourself after the explosion because he
set off the
explosives but still managed to shoot
himself like how do you get the timing
right and my answer is you just do them
at the same time I imagine the explosive
took a
moment to you know to detonate there's
probably a
fuse there some he probably threw some
you know threw a flame back there and
maybe the gap qu on First and the
fireworks are second so he probably had
at least one second to pull the trigger
KN you think if you did them
simultaneously there's probably a little
bit of delay before the fire turns into
an explosion plenty of time I don't
think that's I don't think that's weird
at
all
and it's also
possible yeah no
it it may be that he was just going to
do the gun in case he got burned and
didn't die and then he thought you know
I might as well just not feel any pain
so we'll see Joy Reed over at
MSNBC and her her guest Charles
blow yeah that's his actual name um
there they're talking about the real
danger of being a white
man and they think think that things are
overblown because it because one of them
was
brown uh but she wants to know the the
really big problem is uh young white men
in America we need to look at our
domestic
terrorism
well I don't
disagree that there have been you know
white American men who did some you know
mass shootings that certainly happened
but I don't see it as the same level of
risk because you're really assuming
you're really Imagining the future if
you're talking about risk you're not
talking about the past because that's
done the past it might have been true
there were periods where the you know
somebody who called himself a a white
supremacist did more damage than a
terrorist for any given six-month period
or a year whatever but there's no way
these are the same level of
risk you know whatever happens from
individuals is going to be you know one
terrible act that probably had multiple
deaths but if you're being attacked with
waves of attack you know maybe a, or
1500 terrorists who were in the country
who are going to die trying that's a
whole different deal I mean that's
really different so so MSNBC continues
to be a
joke um if you're not following on X the
account of Shan Ono Lenin I recommend it
he's very interesting now what's
interesting is that you really can't
tell if he's democrat or
republican by watching his account and I
love that because he weighs it on a lot
of topics that are in the news but you
really can't tell and the reason you
can't tell is because he just takes a
common sense approach to things that we
normally just take the hyper partisan
approach to so he is very good at just
being
interesting and not giving away bias
just telling you what the thing looks
like so he had this comment today he
said I think overall people are less
easily fooled now than they were in the
past part of the disintegration of
cohesive Society is a result of this
Awakening I really hope it leads
somewhere good I worry that it won't so
he's
noticing that people are learning to be
less easily fooled do you agree with
that people are learning to be less
easily
fooled he's half right it's only
happening on one side and the people who
make an effort to see what the other
side is saying so somebody like Elon
Musk is watching both
arguments and so he decided to kind of
change teams because he saw both both
arguments and he he's the kind of person
who can you know figure out what the
fake stuff is I would argue that
something happened on the conservative
side of politics that did not happen or
even close on the Democrat side
and that is that there were people like
me and I could name 10 other people who
are going out of their way to debunk
fake news on the other side but also to
teach you the tools for doing it
yourself which is what I do I try to
teach you all right for example I say if
the news only has one um One Source and
it's an anonymous source you should
treat that as zero credibility now
that's not what people would have done
automatically most people would said
well it's not proven but they got that
one source and of course they want to be
anonymous why wouldn't they so yeah
that's pretty credible no the answer is
nothing there has no credibility it's
almost it's almost impossible that
that's going to be true so that's the
sort of thing that you have to learn
because because it's opposite of Common
Sense your common sense says well you
know they wouldn't report it if it
wasn't at least possibly true
so you have to get past they wouldn't
say it if it were fake and you have to
get past well I think some of the news
is real no no not any of the political
news it's all framed you know it might
be true facts but it's usually framed in
a way that's
misleading um so in my opinion the
Democrats were the hoax and fake news
creating entity and in response
because there's always a response the
the conservatives built up a resource
that the left doesn't have and that
resource is a bunch of people that you
can immediately go to to find out what's
true all right let me ask you this how
many of you have seen a headline story
and one of the first questions you asked
about it was what does Adam say about
this but not just me you probably said
okay what does cernovich say about this
if it's it's a legal thing I say what
does durood say about it what do what
does turle say about it I know exactly
where to go to find the fake news if if
it's a technology
thing like I I'll look I'll look for the
smartest technology people I'll look for
Mark Andre if it's a technology thing to
find out if it's true I'll look for
bellagi sh nasan I'll look for uh nval
ravikant so and of course Elon Musk so
we've veloped we collectively have
developed on the right this this BS
snipping system which is quite wild I
don't it's never existed before as far
as I know and that's different and they
can't match it if they matched it they
would disintegrate because then their
base would realize that the main things
are being told are fake so if they teach
their base how to spot
fakes the the entire operation falls
apart because it's mostly ba built on
fake
news so that's
funny so again Sean Ono lennin good
follow I recommend it highly and uh I
like that he noticed I like that he
noticed that people are less easily
fooled but I think that's because He
follows both sides see if you follow
both sides then you learn how to spot
the fakes so he's probably picked it up
just from people he follows on the
right
um at the let's see this is John no
who's reporting that the 2024 domestic
box office is
down um 24% since five years ago now
there's a comparison thing I'm not sure
how the pandemic Works in there but it's
even down this year a little bit just a
few percent from what it was last year
and
I just want to weigh in on this now a
lot the smart people said it's not the
pandemic it's it's not anything it's
just the movies are bad that's what I
think I think just the movies are bad
but on top of
that I don't even think of movies as
something that people watch
anymore what there are very few movies
that you're going to want to W spend two
hours on very rarely so when I think of
things I would want to spend spend time
on I just don't even think of a movie
anymore because I know I'm not going to
like it and my attention span like yours
is so shorten now that I like uh I can
go through a thousand reals you know the
little Quick videos and every one of
them will entertain me because they you
know the algorithm makes sure that and
I'm absolutely totally entertained and I
can stop whenever I want to go do
something else I don't have to drive
somewhere and buy bad popcorn and sit
there for 2 and a half hours and wish I
were closer to a
restroom yeah so I don't see how movies
really survive in the
future speaking of
surviving um Ukraine now has these
miniature missiles to knock down drones
I guess they were made in Estonia if you
didn't know this Estonia is a wildly
successful little country did you know
that I I have a a friend who's Estonian
who I think at one point he was probably
the richest person in Estonia because he
he uh was one of the adventures of uh
uh what is the before Zoom there
was the thing before Zoom
um so Estonia the estonians are really
high-tech uh they've got they've got a a
real good little high-tech situation
going there one of the things they do in
Estonia is that you can vote by
app Don't how many times have you said
to yourself why why can't we vote by an
app like why seems like that would be
obvious the most obvious thing
especially if your app does a a face
recognition if I if I vote on my phone
and I use facial recognition to make my
app take the vote I'm going to feel
pretty good that that vote got
registered properly so Estonia is
already doing it so you don't have to
wonder if it works they seem happy with
it but they've also made this little
miniature rocket and I think it uses AI
which is what's new and interesting
about it but it goes really high uh so
it can so we can get even the high
drones so it looks like the the missil
is maybe just a foot tall and not very
wide and I need one of those for home is
there any way I can get an AI anti-d
drone missile for home I'll put it on my
roof no all right well speaking of the
algorithm uh yanas says that the X
algorithm is going to be tweaked
soon um to promote more informational
entertaining content and he says I like
how he puts this this is a great framing
for the the objective our goal is to
maximize
that is the most human friendly way to
say what you're
doing what I would hate is to say he's
just trying to get his you know usage
minutes
up um or I would hate if he said we're
trying to tell the truth you know we
only tell the truth you know nobody
nobody thinks the truth is coming
through social
media but he says it in the the most
perfect way he wants to maximize
have you ever spent a bunch of time on
social media and said ah God I wish I
didn't do that like it just gave me a
headache and I feel bad now I'm scared
of everything you have right those are
regretted minutes he's trying to
maximize
unregrettably what it is and this is
such a good frame
um there's a report in axios that Biden
and his and his uh advisers had a
meeting not too long ago about uh
possibility of striking Iran's nuclear
sites before January 20th and Trump is
sworn
in now here's what you need to know
about this kind of
story if the government is doing its job
and the military is doing its job they
should always be talking about this kind
of stuff it doesn't mean it's going to
happen
but yes I want my president meeting with
the military and I want the military to
say it's not the only thing we can do
but if you decided to go this way this
is what we could do yeah I want I want
that meeting every week it it shouldn't
be news that they had a meeting and they
discussed one of the most obvious paths
and apparently there's there's no energy
to do it so they had the meeting they
heard the
Alternatives they decided collectively
apparently with not a lot of
disagreement I I would guess that
they're not going to do
it I I I feel like that article was
written as sort of a a dis on Biden
that's not a diss TR every time this
story is about Trump trump held a
meeting to see if he can I don't know
nuke a hurricane and then people said oh
no no it's crazy no I want that meeting
I don't think was a meeting I think it
was just an offhand comment you made
once but I want that I I want him to ask
the question well do we have the
technology to Nuke it and it's fine if
the answer is no that's crazy there's no
way that could work we couldn't control
the there's no way you could control the
radiation okay but do I like that he ask
the question yes yes I want I want my
leader to be asking the question not
just of the obvious stuff but I want him
to ask the non-obvious stuff that was a
non-obvious question I like it and and
if if the only thing it does is make you
think deeper about other possibilities
that are possible so suppose suppose the
answer was no that's crazy we're not
going to use a nuke to stop a hurricane
but what if then the person you asked
said but I do have an
idea suppose you did this here's an idea
that would actually work to reduce
hurricanes you would uh you you greenify
Northern Africa which can't be done so
basically you just let your animals
essentially the way you green a desert
area is you have animals in the part
that's still got enough green that they
can eat and then the the cows will or
whatever livestock they eat what's there
and then sometimes they wander to the
edge of the area and poop and then that
creates collectively some place where
more things are going to grow and then
just the cows wandering around and
eating and pooping will make your
Greenery just extend into the into the
desert so suppose that Trump ask the
question that's completely impractical
nuking a hurricane but the person asks
is you know uh I've heard this other
idea and then you have the conversation
well is that
practical is there any way we could in a
coste effective way reduce hurricanes
just by
you know emphasizing The Greening
because The Greening here's why that
works the Northern Africa is where it
gets super hot and then that heat is
what drives the Hurricanes you have the
heat differential basically so if you
reduce the differential
Heat by making just the desert less hot
it should take some steam off the
hurricanes and that's maybe doable so
I'm always in favor of asking the bad
question should we nuke a hurricane cuz
then every then that opens up everybody
to all the other possibilities and maybe
there's one you hadn't talked about yet
that's good technique I like it in Biden
and I like it in Trump so that's two a
pluses
um and I think that's everything I
wanted to say today so I remind you that
Owen gregorian's going to do a spaces
after we're done so he's been doing that
on Saturdays after the show people seem
to like it it was well attended so look
for that uh probably just a few minutes
after we're done it's on Spaces on
X
um and you watched three movies in three
days you had nothing better to do than
that did you also
exercise because if you watch movies and
you didn't exercise that
day you need to rethink that
all the AI invasion is coordinated with
a writer strike
interesting
um all right let me just look at your
comments here for a
moment uh Dilbert
assumption SC Not About best idea of the
year uh LA
Times oh I could probably get I could
get Dilbert back in some newspapers yeah
I just don't want Dilbert in newspapers
anymore because newspapers are just a
dying industry there's no point I could
get a few newspapers but they don't pay
much individually it wouldn't make any
difference to my
income so even if I got a few big papers
like hypothetically that what was
mentioned was the LA Times so even if
the LA Times said you know we're trying
to be different than we were and we'll
take you back that would be
like $100 a month did you know that that
That's how little they pay for cartoons
it's like a $100 a month so uh if you
have 2,000 of
them and they all pay different rates
depending on the size um then you're
making real money but to get one or two
papers to take dilbra back wouldn't make
any difference at all it's there's no
income involved with
that yeah I'd have to start censoring
myself again don't want
that all right um since Owen's going to
do as spaces you'll have some time to
chat with each other um I think I'll end
this and maybe just say hi quickly to
the locals people but everybody on X and
Rumble and YouTube thanks for joining
and YouTube is going to probably
demonetize me because they do every once
in a while and we don't know why I think
twice recently for no obvious reason
um so just know that all right locals
coming at you
privately
e
e
e e