well let's try this again
Joanne and David hey everybody my sounds
would be a little different today
because I'm coming to you on my phone my
iPad crapped out for some reason I
didn't want to say your name Oilers
rebuild three kind of a name is that
alright good morning everybody sorry to
tease you like that because you know
it's that it's that it's time for the
simultaneously grab your cup your mug
your glass your Stein you chalice your
tankard your thermos your flask filled
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
join me down for the simultaneous up so
let's try this on my phone and see how
far we get I realized the sound will not
be as good but I can't fix that so I
note that the president is shifting
money from the defense budget from
Afghanistan budget I guess do you start
building I don't know 80 miles of wall
or something like that so could we say
that the president is building the wall
now I'm gonna have to actually I'm gonna
actually have to I'm sorry I just saw
something that was very disturbing in
the comments let's just talk about that
so there's a there's a troll named Vic
Berger who apparently has been after
Mike Serna pitch for a while and now
he's turned on me because I tweeted
about that so I'm seeing the troll and
the trolls trolls I don't know if
they're historic ounce starting to focus
on me so we don't know how far this will
go yet but my guess is since this
particular troll
has at least some history of going too
far I'm sure I will soon find out which
is sort of the last thing I wanted to
think about today happy Mother's Day
yes happy Mother's Day to all of you so
what I was going to say is that the
Presidents go ahead and building his
wall release he's getting that started
and and so I'm looking at the news today
and I'm looking for all of the bad
stories about the president and they've
sort of disappeared the the headlines on
Fox the headlines on CNN there's some
little gossipy stuff and you know some
fringe things and there's some there's
some legal mop up stuff that nobody
quite cares about there's who should or
should not appear to talk about
something that's already been talked
about and who could be indicted but they
probably won't and what if something
really were a crime but it isn't and you
know all of it is is sort of devolved
into this weird boring soup of legalese
and details that nobody thinks are
important because no matter what happens
from this point on is there anybody left
who thinks that lawyers are going to
take out this president because it
doesn't look like it to me
doesn't look like it to me so the news
is just going soft they don't have
anything to attack the president with
because things are going so well so
here's the question what happens this
summer when the news is naturally slow
so this summer the news always gets low
because again people go on vacation and
there's just just less happening I don't
see how the mainstream media can survive
unless they gin up some kind of new
scandal to get them through the summer
so what you should be looking for is
some gigantic new piece of fake news
about the president
or about the president's circle so look
for something gigantic and fake that
that can be talked about and this'll
endlessly in the what was he thinking we
think his intentions were bad etc so
it's gonna be it's gonna be interesting
to see what they cook up I really look
at the news now as and I mean this not
in the jokey sense but as a reality show
because I think they actually run that
way and really quite the literal sense
it seems to me that they need to
introduce a new a new element to the
show so the news just ran out of things
to talk about
and somebody's asking me if I purposely
compete with the sunday talk shows no I
always do this the same time no matter
what the speaker boring
CC cups is it s e cups did a little
piece for C then which he talked about
why is it the calm lares can't get any
traction you know she's she's getting
enough attention not as much as the top
three but she's getting enough attention
that it's interesting why she is not
breaking through and have you seen any
of commonly hearses tweets here's what
here's what she's doing wrong that I
don't know if she knows how to fix and
it goes like this I'm guessing she was a
very good student in school because
she's gotten as far as she has
so I'm guessing was fair to say she was
very good student and I'm sure that her
the way she speaks and talks and the
vocabulary she uses was very good for a
college student then she became a lawyer
and I would say that the way she talks
is probably very good for a lawyer if
you're a lawyer
it probably makes total sense to talk in
a precise way professional way and you
see that in her tweets and when she
talks probably makes perfect sense for a
lawyer as a senator especially a senator
who
we see on television grilling people and
these these hearings she's probably just
about right for a senator I like I like
a senator who speaks in specific you
know as a as a precision to his or her
language understands the details you
know it gets under the hood somebody you
know can really grasp the you know the
intricacies of of topics I think she
probably has a really good personality
for that probably a really good mind for
being a senator so my compliment her is
she was probably an excellent student
probably really good at her lawyer job
seems to be quite competent at being a
senator but man oh man does she not have
presidential skills she is seriously
lacking in that that next level
connecting with the country at large
being interesting being provocative
we're really just not being boring she
doesn't know how to unlock and if she
tries it looks like she doesn't have to
do it so for example when we see her
trying to be carefree and show some
personality
it doesn't quite register as genuine
because it looks like maybe she's trying
too hard to not be a lawyer but it's not
quite coming across this authentic so I
think their biggest problem is that she
doesn't know how to be anything except
the things she's really really good at
and I would imagine she's really good
being a senator probably good as a
lawyer
good good as a student but she doesn't
have the people's touch or even close
which is interesting so have you noticed
that there's not much Joe Biden talked
lately what happened to Sleepy Joe Biden
did he did he take a week off am I wrong
that Joe Biden is the number one polling
person the most important
was against Trump and I didn't see it
even it was about him yesterday yeah I
didn't see any news about him the day
before yesterday and I can't remember
the day before the day before yesterday
it feels like the last thing I remember
from Joe Biden was several days ago and
and yeah that the only stories about
Biden are that Giuliani almost took a
trip but didn't think about the quality
of the news one of the biggest stories
in the headlines is a Rudy Giuliani
almost took a trip but then he didn't
that's it that's that's whole story
that's the news there was a guy who
almost took a trip but he didn't yes and
of course everybody's delighted that the
president went with sleepy creepy I
think he didn't want to go with creepy
alone but when he adds them together
sleepy creepy I don't know if that's a
keeper but it does turn it into its
whole new thing because the problem that
the president has is if he goes after
the creepy hands-on stuff with Biden
then he's opening up an attack for the
grab him by the even what so I think the
president has to combine sleepy and
creepy into Sleepy creepy so that you
don't automatically think well what
about the president as as Trump ever
touched anybody who didn't want to be
touched there's no evidence of that but
that's that's where the conversation
would go so the biggest problem on the
Democrat side is massive boredom and the
last thing we heard about Biden was all
of the cool people from the Democratic
Party criticizing him for not going far
enough so I don't know if Biden has any
room to maneuver because if it let me
put it this way it looks like Biden's
approach to climate science is the
following and and tell me if I'm wrong
tell me
I'm reading this wrong it seems that Joe
Biden's approach to climate science or
to climate change will be to say it's
the biggest problem in the world a
problem that could end you know could be
an extinction event so I think Biden
will agree with people who say it's top
priority biggest problem in the world
but the problem is that his approach to
the biggest problem of the world he is
well listen let's go slow let's ease our
way into this a little bit don't go too
far it's the biggest problem in the
world could kill all of humanity but
let's tiptoe in let's say let's be
cautious about this now I'm not even
saying that's the wrong thing to do
because I'm not sure anybody knows
exactly the right thing to do but how
does Biden sell it's the biggest problem
in the world we're gonna take an average
sized swing at it it could kill us all
let's let's take a run at it that's yeah
let's let's be cautious let's let's keep
our powder dry his message is not saying
yeah it's not self compatible I think he
can say it's the biggest problem in the
world and that he's going to approach it
in a medium energy way it's just gonna
look low energy it's gonna look sleepy
so yeah everybody just wants to talk
about the Alfred e Newman
tag that the president gave to Peter
Budaj edge that story was fun but of no
consequence
Berdych edge is not he's not polling
high enough to be too relevant to the
final outcome I was talking about
sentence Trump is saying to Iran
essentially a Iran call me let's talk
so you're gonna see the president doing
again the same technique that that he's
used with Russia used with North Korea
used with China
and the technique if if he's successful
in doing this I think maybe he won't be
but if he's successful in getting a
direct conversation with the Ayatollah
and his leadership team mostly the
Ayatollah I guess there's only one that
matters if the president actually
successfully sets up a meeting with the
Ayatollah he's gonna probably be nicer
to the Ayatollah than what those of us
watching think is appropriate because
that's the play the correct play is to
be respectful in person and super-tough
in terms of how you're actually dealing
with tariffs and military and whatever
else that you're negotiating so yeah so
people are gonna say he's colluding with
Iran but but the thing to look for is
the consistency of his method which I
think will become the method that all
presidents in the future have to answer
to in the future anybody who doesn't
play it the way the president is playing
it now which is being good to the
dictator no matter what they've done
being respectful so you can so you don't
have to deal with any new problems that
you created yourself you know you take
care of the ego take care of the respect
and then you could be as tough as you
want as long as you're transparent about
it if you're saying yeah I like the
leader we got along but we've got to do
these tough things because I protect my
country he protects this country that's
the way it works it's been I think a
tremendously valuable way to frame
dealing with other countries all right
so that I read that no Democrats have
read the less redacted Muller report
that's available to people in these
skiff if you're not familiar with that
term this gift there's some kind of a
secret secure room at the Capitol where
people who have authorization to see
top-secret stuff
top secret is probably the wrong word
but propriety no what's the word secret
stuff so they can go there and they can
read the original documents but they
can't copy them and they can't take them
out of the room so there are several
Republicans who have gone down to the
skiff classifieds yes is the right word
so they can really classify documents
sir so the Republicans have seen the
less the less redacted version I don't
know how much less redacted it is but
it's less redacted no Democrats have no
Democrat who is allowed to do that has
gone in and looked to see what what got
redacted in the lesser redacted one now
I ask you this are they really
interested in what's in there isn't it
obvious to you that they don't care
what's in it the fact that they wouldn't
be interested enough to have even one of
them not even one of them you know draw
straws hey one of us maybe one of us
shouldn't look at this thing see if
there's anything there not one of them
was interested enough to even look now
you could say to yourself well why
should they bother until they've got the
fully redacted one we fully unredacted
one you know why would they bother
looking one that's you know a little bit
better when they can hold out for the
one that's completely non redacted to
which I say they could do that but they
would sure as heck want to see the one
that's in between if they were
interested it they're clearly not
interested and if they're not interested
it's because they know there's nothing
there to see there's no scenario in
which they would not look at the extra
unredacted one if they were curious they
have no curiosity about this whatsoever
unde acted yeah what under redacted
sounds like the double negative
so there's a tweet I tweeted around this
morning from Acura the dawn on Twitter
and a cure of the down there's a DJ
among other things were saying that he
can see the limits of free will I'm
paraphrasing because when he is DJ he
can see in real-time how he controls the
mood and even the actions of the crowd
so by by his selection of music
according to his tweet he can put people
and sexy moves or happy moods or a
variety of you know of moods and he can
watch it happen in real time and he's
actually moving the whole crowd all at
once and then there was some young
person based on the profile picture it
looks young who came in and called BS on
that and said my goodness it's like it's
like you don't believe people have free
will people are not being programmed by
your music they're doing whatever they
want to which I say that is such a young
opinion there's some opinions that are
smart there's some that are dumb there
are some that are experienced or mature
or some sort of us this is one of those
situations I'm gonna get rid of the
people who say there's no audio the
because because I assume that they are
trolls all right let's go back to where
we were
oh sorry I'm just scrolling through to
get to the yeah so anyway I would like
to come down on the side of music is a
drug it's an audio drug you put music in
your ear
it changes your physical body chemistry
it changes the way you think and it even
changes you're just
now it doesn't change every person the
same way and you know so there's so
there's some unpredictability to it but
it definitely changes behavior so I'm
agreeing completely with a cure of the
dawn as long as we agree that it doesn't
mean it changes every person you know in
the same way and they have you know
there's nothing that can be done about
it
but it doesn't fluence crowds for sure
and it does it very quickly and very
powerfully yeah and I would think that
music would be among the most potent
primers if you hear music from something
that reminds you of something good or
bad it's gonna put you in that mood
you're gonna be primed for love or prime
form a love primed to fight alright it
looks like Oh barely NPR I didn't hear
it
no no no lose NPR radio or NPR
television hit I'm not sure which it was
but apparently NPR had a piece on
generation for nuclear so connect the
dots NPR the very left-leaning did a
piece on generation for nuclear I don't
I didn't see it but nobody really does a
piece on generation for nuclear unless
it's Pro there's as far as I know
there's no anti argument whatsoever
because it's for one thing it's not it's
not in the market enough that anybody
would have anything specific
specifically bad to say about it let's
go back to the top of your comments here
so what's important is that you can see
that NPR being NPR being let's say a
representative of opinions on the
left-leaning part of the world if
they're starting to notice if they're
starting to notice that
before nuclear is the way to go that's a
big big deal it's a big deal because
there they have a lot of credibility on
the left so we'll see if that spreads to
the to the other thanks yeah I know that
NPR stands for National Public Radio but
they do have at least one television
segment that I've seen the not sure what
network yeah it almost it almost makes
me think that Trump is not talking much
about nuclear because he want he doesn't
want people to oppose it somebody said
do you travel mostly for vacation or
work I actually like to do writing when
I'm traveling because I'm not doing my
other work and I'm not distracted it's a
good time to write so I combined them
all right well I go to DC for the July
4th celebration no I like the fact that
the things are going so well in this
country that one of the controversies is
that president is he's planning our
fireworks for the 4th of July and I'm
thinking well that's your problem your
problem is that the president is getting
involved in planning the 4th of July
celebration for Washington DC that's it
that's our bad problem for today have I
always been an early riser ever since
college yes I think there's a genetic
component to being an early riser but I
definitely enjoy that part of the day
the best good morning is my favorite
part of the day favorite restaurant in
Vegas don't really have them do I go to
bed early not really
last night I got 4 hours sleep which is
sort of typical for me five hours is
sort of my my normal
then every once awhile I get
sleep-deprived and they'll sleep in for
six hours if I get six hours of sleep I
some sometimes I'll have a headache all
day from oversleep
do I nap I have but not often I can I
can fall asleep literally anywhere
christina was taking embarrassing
pictures of me on the airplane on the
way out here because I apparently I fell
asleep and my head went back in my mouth
opened and she took humorous photos of
speeding things to my open mouth while I
was sleeping on the plane all right do I
snore I do how do you keep notes on
different topics well in terms of the
tapas that I'm going to talk about on
periscope and I just make bullet point
notes and a little open open document
that's all do I dream I do not now I do
not well I do not remember my dreams get
a CPAP I've been checked down I don't I
don't snore enough before a CPAP um I'm
at the the low end of that still
predicting table for the nomination I'm
gonna stick with the for now I'm gonna
stick with the prediction I have to say
that I did not see how how bad she would
be at this it was not obvious to me from
the start there this she would be an
amazingly bad like really bad politician
at the national level that I didn't see
that coming but it's hard for me to
believe that Joe Biden can make it all
the way through and the reason I have
hard to believe that the reason is hard
for me to believe Biden will make it
through is that it seems to be that the
Democrats are basing this on
electability
does it seem to you that they made a
monstrous miscalculation am I wrong
about this correct me if I'm wrong the
Democrats thinking that Biden is the
most electable might be one of the
greatest miscalculations we've seen in
recent years I'm not wrong about that mo
I mean I could be none of us really know
but it seems to me he's the most
beatable candidate by far I I put him on
my list of least effective candidates
and here's the problem he's not going to
excite anyone there isn't one single
person on his own team who will be
excited he's like an old pair of shoes
people are putting on their Joe Biden
old pair of shoes and saying ah these
are broken in I like these old shoes
I like how they feel they make me feel
comfortable but that's it
Biden only makes them feel comfortable
do you turn out the vote for he's
comfortable
he's like an old couch that somebody's
been farting into the coated cushions
for 30 years it's comfortable but the
cushions are full of 30 years of farts
if that's what you want I stole that
from a from a what was the show with the
Mafia forget anyway I stole that line I
sleep less than the sleepy Joe probably
true so yeah Joe Biden you know it could
be that Joe Biden is the one who will
keep Howard Schultz out of the race
because there were so many ways for the
Democrats to lose if they run one of
their exciting and more more or less a
more left-leaning people the green New
Deal people if they run one of the green
New Deal candidates Howard Schultz might
enter the race
and if Howard Schultz enters the race
they have no chance of winning because
he will that all the smart people say he
will drain off Democrat votes I don't
know if that's true Sopranos yes is
where I stole that line from about the
couch cushions I don't know if that's
true but let's say smart people say it
and I don't have a reason to disagree
with it so if they run somebody who's
too far left Howard Schultz gets in and
then they lose if they run somebody like
Bernie I don't know if people have
enough confidence in Bernie to get
across the finish line but Bernie is the
only one who's left it he's left enough
but even Bernie isn't as far left as
some of them could be he's left enough
he's exciting because Bernie actually
gets a lot of people excited but I can't
see you Bernie getting to the finish
line
partly because I can't see him getting
nominated I think the Democrats will do
whatever they have to do to keep him
from being nominated
so Biden almost looks like they're not
trying and have you ever have you ever
had the feeling that sometimes the team
knows they're going to lose do you think
the the DNC is looking at this situation
and saying yeah I think we can win this
do you think the DNC looks at the
economy looks at the world looks at
Trump you know we're working on you know
eradicating AIDS working on prison
reform you know getting rid of
essentially terrorism isn't even part of
our consciousness anymore Trump took a
terrorism and of our minds think about
that terrorism is a crime in which
people of course are killed and injured
but mostly it is by design an act of
what the terror does to the minds of the
population is the ones who did not get
directly affected so terrorism is a an
attack
the minds of the country that's being
attacked when was the last time you
worried about a terror attack in this
country can any of you even think of the
last time you worried about a terror
attack in this country I'm not saying
that there won't be any I'm sure there
will be lone wolves and people with guns
and somebody's gonna run a car into a
crowd it's gonna happen but do you worry
about it
do you spend any time worrying about it
because if you don't spend it any time
worrying about terrorism Trump defeated
terrorism think about it
even we assume that there will be more
terrorist acts there will in fact be bad
things happening in this country in
small ways maybe some larger than small
but we don't think about it anymore he
actually took it off our minds now you
could argue that Obama did that you know
because I think you know how much we
worried about it was you know decreasing
in a steady way but it seems to me Trump
just extinguished it in terms of its
mental impact on the citizens of the
United States he did not extinguish the
risk the risk still exists and there
will be actual acts of violence but
mentally we are cured the patient is
cured we that the public are not
worrying about it it's not part of our
political decision it's not part of our
calculations for anything it doesn't
make us uncomfortable it just it's just
not no top worries anymore all right
anybody have any questions that's about
all like you think up for now need to
interview Andy no he's pretty
interesting guy well and where's Anti
Fog is it my imagination or has the
marching largely stopped
can anybody tell me if that's true let
me ask you this when was the last time
black lives matter staged a major
protest do you remember
I can't remember I mean maybe they
joined other protests but when was the
last time you saw a massive black lives
matter event because it's it's hard to
keep that going when the president just
refuses to do racist stuff you know he
he's he's Israel's best friend he did
prison reform you know he brags about
unemployment levels for minority groups
I mean it's just sorta hard sort of hard
to keep it goin isn't it
I go to Portland yeah so Portland is
just sort of its own thing but in terms
of the country at large it sounds like
it's a Portland problem you know my take
on it is that there's a Portland problem
but there's not a national problem all
right
they'll be back when the weather is good
isn't the weather good enough I mean
they can always March in California
weather is great here they got jobs yeah
if ant if I gets jobs anta's only on the
west coast
somebody says is that true yeah so
sometimes the news is the is the non
news this is one of those weeks where
the news is that is what oh thank you
for reminding me if Alyssa Milano yeah
so the news is that there's not much
news and the anti file the black lives
matter seem to have gone quiet for a
while so Alyssa Milano as many of you
already know has tweeted that their
women should go on a quote sex strike
and not provide sex to their guys or guy
until women have control of their bodies
meaning in terms of
portion loss and is it my imagination or
has Alyssa Milano done something that
people have tried people have tried to
do what Alyssa Milano has accomplished
Alyssa Milano found a way to bring the
country together because if there's one
thing that everyone in the country can
agree on
it's that Alyssa Milano should have less
sex are we on the same page so
apparently she believes so and people
who agree with her the people on the
left would say the same thing but
weirdly the people on the right are
totally on board with this yeah
Alyssa Milano should have weightless sex
we're on board with that so we finally
found one thing that can bring the
country together our combined passionate
agreement that Alyssa Milano should have
less sex I'm on board with that I don't
even have the counter to that I'd say
you go girl
less sex the better now I'm seeing
people referring to some historical
examples where the sex strike actually
worked so let me say this just so you
can hear me acknowledging history sex
strikes do work apparently
there's they're they're actually I think
two or three historical examples in
which women did go out and sex strikes
and it did change changed history so I'm
not saying it won't work I'm not mocking
it for its effectiveness I'm saying it's
the one thing we could agree on
Alyssa Milano should have less sex now I
started to tweet about it but I can't
tell you how to how many times I I wrote
a tweet and then I deleted it I wrote it
and delete it and ever someone and there
are a couple of reasons for that one
there are so many jokes I want to make
on this topic that I couldn't narrow it
down to my top
I mean there's just so many things you
can say I just didn't know where to
start second I feared all those things
that were obvious to me to say other
people would be saying and so I would
just be you know get lost in the crowd
of saying of people saying obvious jokes
about the thing that has obvious jokes
so they don't want to be part of that
but but let me say this about that the
people on the right I don't know if they
could be more entertained because as you
know a lot of Trump supporters might
refer to the anti-trump males as beta
males I've heard people say that I'm I'm
not saying that I'm just saying that
that's in the political realm that's the
point of view that is very popular in
the Trump supporting world that the that
the men on the left are maybe they eat a
lot of soy maybe they're not as dominant
as men may have been in the past I don't
have a scientific opinion on that just
telling you what the point of view is
and so to the people on the right the
hilarity of women on the left refusing
to have sex with the only people that
they were considering worthy of sex
anyway which is men on the left it's
hard to avoid noting how naturally funny
that is because Alyssa Milano giving up
on having sex with Democrats who are
male would be sort of like me saying I
think I'm gonna give up eating bugs yeah
I didn't like eating bugs before but I'm
gonna give it up as a boycott or sort of
like keeping up and drinking your own
urine sure didn't like it in the first
place but I'm gonna give it up for boy
cut I don't do that by the way this is a
humorous example so it is so the other
reason that I didn't do it a funny
snarky joke about this topic is that
there's not much you can add to it that
would make you funnier than it is just
by itself and I don't mean that you know
it sounds like I'm you're making a
further like humorous attack on it I'm
not I'm saying quite literally the fact
that Democrat women don't want to are
trying to find a reason they're looking
for an excuse to not have sex with
Democrat men because let's face it they
weren't having they weren't having sex
with Trump supporters that wasn't
happening anyway so the only people
they're boycotting are the people who
maybe they were not so crazy about
having that much sex anyway yes I am so
that's just it's hard to add to that
with humor but I also wondered you know
every time there's any kind of a
political movement in this country
what's the first thing we ask about the
movement whether it's an tyfa black
lives matter it doesn't matter what the
movement is it could the political
parties any candidate what's the first
question we asked about any group
movement question number one who is
funding it who's the sponsor who's the
money people behind the scenes and i was
thinking to myself who could be the
money behind here I'm just joking but
who could be the money behind Alyssa
Milano it was called for women to
boycott sex I say follow the money who
would make the most money from this
somebody saying Soros no it's more
obvious who would make the most money
from the Alyssa Milano boycotting sex oh
it's too obvious come on somebody don't
make me say it
there you go
pornhub somebody said read - if you get
partial credit
full credit actually yes I'm not saying
that pornhub is sponsoring this I'm not
saying that Alyssa Milano was taking
money from pornhub I'm just taking an
example from CNN CNN simply asked
questions they don't make accusations so
they do it this way they say I'm not
saying that Alyssa Milano took money
from pornhub to turn all Democratic
Democrat males into porn Watchers
because there's more having sex I'm not
saying they did it well what if what if
they did it who would it be illegal if
she did it should it be disclosed if she
took money from pornhub to promote porn
watching through her boycott of sex
what would that do to the country so
anyway so those are some of the funny
thoughts I had about that I I'm gonna
say something that I said before then
I'm gonna say again you know everybody
makes fun of celebrities when they get
involved in politics and there's a good
reason for that celebrities have a long
history of not being let's say credible
not being well informed not really not
really being in the right field but
whatever you think of Alyssa Milano I'm
gonna give her full respect for being
effective and free being genuine I
believe that everything she does it was
coming from you know a place where she
actually believes you know the world
would be a better place if they did what
she would like the world to do so I can
fully disagree with Alyssa Milano but I
have to say I respect her I respect her
in a way that I do not respect the
celebrities would just sort of tipped
away and have an issue and then leave
she's she's a she's a political activist
who is having great success capturing
people's attention so if I'm gonna be
objective when she did this the sex
boycott thing and we all laughed ha ha
ha ha
that's such a funny idea here here are
my 10 reasons why this is funny and why
it's not going to work and all that but
what are we talking about she
essentially captured the imagination of
the country they made us talk about her
and her and her political opinion on
abortion rights approach choice I guess
so am I good am I going to criticize her
for successfully capturing attention on
the topic that she thinks is important
no that's a home run
that's a Plus business that's that's a
oh see Donald Trump President Trump
that's that's top level persuasion do
you think that Alyssa Milano thought
that necessarily the world you know all
the women were gonna go on a sex strike
she might have thought well maybe but I
don't think that was the major point I
think the major point is that she's
smart and she knows that such a
provocative idea
guarantees press and so it guarantees
attention on the thing she wants
attention
that's an a-plus right so again you can
I join you in mocking celebrities who
tiptoe into politics and they're just
tourists and I think there was a time
when you could have legitimately said
Alyssa Milano is one of those but I
think she's proven herself
I think she's proven herself as they
let's say a sincere voice who knows how
to get attention and attention is at
least half of the game so you can
disagree with her politically but on her
intention and her effectiveness a plus
eight say it because I know you don't
want to hear it but gotta give credit
where credit is due
all right
you're making me want to talk about
climate change somebody says climate
change is solved now I don't think the
country will ever see it that way at
least not in the current era in
historically we might look back and say
that's when it got solved but I say it
solved because the path forward would be
the same toward a solution as it would
be if we didn't have a problem to begin
with which is going hard at green energy
sources while going hard at nuclear
technology and trying to clear out the
obstacles to that we would do the same
thing and we're doing those things so I
don't see I don't see any I don't see
any chance that this won't work out well
honestly because if you look at the new
technologies that are coming online I
mean they're I don't know if you saw it
there was a story the other day about
some bush like an actual I think it's a
bush or a tree small tree or a bush I
don't know where the difference between
the bush of the tree I don't know where
that dividing line is but there's some
kind of natural bush that has a weird
quality that it absorbs way more co2
than other plants and people are saying
well if you just stopped cutting the
forests and if you just plant this plant
you're gonna go a long way toward taking
a bite and climate change now it's not
in terms of a solution but you know
could take a quarter or a third of the
problem way we've seen developments with
reforestation was that Ted talked about
I I don't know if he's a researcher or a
scientist whatever but they they did
experiments and they've done them for
years so they know how it works out
where they just introduced livestock on
the border between a desert and a non
desert area they just say let's let's
put some cows there and they let the
cows eat the vegetation on the part that
has vegetation but of course they're
cows so they wander into the desert part
a little bit because we're right on the
border
and they they they do their pooping in
the desert and then the desert carries
seeds and nutrients and pretty soon and
you can see it happen pretty quickly
in a matter of just a few years the the
vegetation will spread into the desert
and you can actually reforest deserts by
just letting the cows wander around on
the border between the vegetation and
the forest
turns out that's all you need to do and
it's it's pretty quick and it's pretty
effective so somebody said you think it
was goats might have been goats I think
you're right could have been goats but
it's the same same process so you got
that you've got several companies who
are developing technology to suck the
co2 out of the air
the reason it's expensive is because the
energy is expensive but we're also
developing fusion than generation for
nuclear and we've got generation three
that's never had a problem so the cost
of scraping the co2 is probably going
way down and by the way if if you were
to met let me let me suggest this
suppose somebody came up with a project
the co-located a generation for nuclear
at the same site as either a closed or a
or an older nuclear site that was
already approved so you had generation
four but you also add at the same site a
bunch of co2 scrubbing machines that use
a lot of power so it would be right at
the source of the power and there's
there's another technology for there are
several technologies for scrubbing co2
out of the air one of them uses heat
what do nuclear power plants produce in
in too much quantity heat that so I
don't know you know I'm speaking through
my my butt here but if a nuclear power
plant
creates tremendous amounts of heat and
there is a technology that's already up
and working that uses heat
as the essentially the fuel if you will
it uses the heat too as the engine for
cleaning the co2 so you can collect gate
co2 scrubbers generation for nuclear at
a site that's already approved for
nuclear would the green people object to
locating generation for nuclear where I
can use the fuel from the new the spent
fuel from the nuclear the older nuclear
so you don't have to transport it's
right on site would they would they want
to reduce the risk of the existing
nuclear site by having another site
there that has less risk and uses their
nuclear waste may be and and if you said
we're gonna put a bunch of co2 scrubbers
here too
and use the heat from the nukes nuclear
plants would the green people object to
that it'd be hard to object because the
site is already approved and you're
explicitly putting in equipment to take
the co2 out of there as well as
producing clean electricity it'd be hard
to say no to that so I I think we're I
think the climate change has already
transitioned from wait for my profound
thought profound thought alert coming
hold on hold on let us have a
simultaneous up I'm gonna warm up my
coffee I want to get you ready for the
profound thought that's coming coffee it
up get ready for this do I need for the
second simultaneous it profound thought
here it comes
nuclear energy has moved from
engineering to persuasion and we know
how to do the persuasion so problem
solved
because you know it's gonna require a
lot of work and there's still
uncertainty but for the most part new
has always been the answer we just
needed to to be able to act on it we
needed to get our psychology right so
that no clear could do what it needed to
do and if you count the psychology of
fear that people have been experiencing
with the the climate change risk we
started with hey nuclear is too scary
but the people on the Left have and
scientists have introduced a new fear
that's far greater than nuclear let me
put it this way how many nuclear plants
would you be willing to accept melting
down in return for dealing with climate
change effectively let's say you're the
greenest person in the world and you
think climate change is a big oil
problem and I said to you I'm sure we
can take a big ol bite out of it with
nuclear energy but I guarantee you that
X number of nuclear plants will melt
down over the next 20 years just because
you can't drive risk to zero how many
nuclear meltdowns would you be willing
to accept in return for largely solving
climate change think about that question
because I want you to ask that of your
friends and co-workers and relatives and
see what they say I don't think they're
willing to answer the question but the
most you could imagine would be three
five something like that because the
industry is so safe at this point the
generation 3 the ones that they have in
France have never had a problem there is
never been a generation 3 nuclear
disaster it's the old technology so if I
said to you we're going to build a bunch
of a generation 3 and then as generation
4 comes online we'll be building those
too but it's going to be three and four
and I said to you we've never had a
meltdown of generation three and
certainly not a four because these are
new and they're designed to be far more
resistant to any
major problems so if I said to you we
can solve climate change but you must
accept that there will be a few nuclear
meltdowns guaranteed what number makes
you say yeah I will accept this many
nuclear meltdowns over 20 or 80 years
I'll accept that money in return for
saving the earth from climate change
what would the number be okay the music
just came in here that's freaky I don't
know what that's about
well a nuclear meltdown is probably
going to affect only the people in the
local area and they're not going to die
even with a nuclear meltdown the problem
with the nuclear meltdown is usually
pretty well contained and it makes the
area unusable for a while but the people
largely have enough notice to get away
so it's the problem of the actual maybe
panic of getting the way that's going to
hurt people as much as anything so let's
say that the most that you could ever
imagine dying from all the nuclear
disasters over the next hundred years
might be a hundred I'm guessing that
that conserve the number of all the
people who would die from all of the
nuclear accidents from new plants so I'm
only talking about plants that you built
starting today the total number of
people that might ever kill a hundred
and it's probably closer to zero but
let's say 100 if I told you that a
hundred people would die over the next
80 years if we go strong on nuclear but
it would almost certainly solve our
climate change risk how many green
people would say yes I'll take a hundred
people they should because the climate
risk of course is catastrophic a hundred
people is very low and it probably would
be zero I mean that if you had to bet
you'd bet fewer than five
I would but to say a hundred just to be
conservative almost anybody would take
that risk if they understood risk all
right I'm going to figure out why my
music's played and I'll talk to you
later