hey everybody this is Scott Adams here
to give you a little bit of a reading
recommendation list specifically I'm
going to be talking about books that I
think legitimately can make you happier
and more successful now these would be
more useful the younger you are
especially if you're a graduate of high
school or college you're trying to
figure out how everything works how to
be happy how to be successful and I
thought I'd tell you the books that can
do it for you best I of course will be
including my book I had a fail at almost
everything and still win big this has
been a few years and based on the
reviews which you can check yourself on
Amazon it's changing people's lives and
what this does is it tells you how to
create very simple systems in your life
that will make you healthier more
successful improve your social life
improve your career etc don't take my
word for it go read the reviews you'll
see that they're insane and I hear
everyday from people who say that I have
changed their life because they're
seeing the world in a more let's say
mechanistic way where they know where
the levers are and they know what what
buttons to push and what levers to pull
but I am not the only author in this
category there are another number of
other authors Scott Galloway for example
writing the algebra of happiness
happiness I believe is at least
partially a learned skill and if you
consume books that do a little bit of a
deep dive especially the ones that are
easy to read it's kind of short it's
pretty easy to get through this one you
will pick up a number of good tips on
happiness here's another one Neil Neil
Pass Rica the happiness equation I like
both of these the happiness books
because they try to boil it down into
simple things that you could actually do
so this is the happiness equation from
deal best rica now i'm not saying that
any of these specific books are the ones
that you
you have to get there are a number of
books in these genre the the main point
of this is that happiness and success
are absolutely learning skills if you
read the right books you will find the
right skills I see Mike discern of it on
the periscope you should read his books
on mindset the guerrilla somebody needs
to tell me the second part of that Mike
sort of Mitch's book title anyway search
for a bike sort of it also he has some
of the most actionable and practical
advice on how to get your mind right
before you before you you know try to
conquer the world guerrilla mindset is
the name of Mike sort of itches book so
check out guerrilla mindset to that's
very much in this genre now once you've
got some systems and mindset at least
some framework for how this happiness
and success stuff works then you ready
for phase two phase two is understanding
a little bit on a deeper level how the
world works and how people's minds work
the best book on that is influenced by
Robert Jill Dini this has been around
for a while huge bestseller if you are
in the business world and you've not
read this book you're at quite a
disadvantage because a lot of people
have and this will this will train you
to understand that facts and reason are
not as big an influence as you think
they ought to be and that people are
irrational creatures but they're
predictably irrational so if you know
what influences people you can be better
at it she√≠ll Dedes follow a book pre
suasion which is I think two years old
something like that
but it's more recent and this one tells
you how to prime people for persuasion
so it's what happens before the
persuasion that puts people in the right
frame of mind to be persuaded hugely
hugely
useful if you don't understand the
content in these two books you're you're
really flying blind and a lot of people
will say the same thing this completely
changes how you see the world they are
not the only books in this genre
here's invisible influenced by Jonah
Berger that covers not the same material
but the same field of material and this
one's a little shorter might be a little
bit more approachable my own offering in
this genre of persuasion is wind Bigley
now this one talks about Trump's
election and the persuasion that was
part of that so if you wanted to learn
persuasion in a friendly way this guy
said narrative this would be the way to
do it the other books are maybe a little
bit let's say less less approachable not
so much invisible influences which is
very very approachable and in fact the
influence and pre-pre suasion books are
quite approachable to the wind Bigley is
the most approachable of them you've got
these books under your belt will say
you've got your mind right you
understand the difference between having
good systems and having goals you
understand how things operate and you
understand how the mind works here's a
good way to finish it all off you can
see how enormous this book is it's
called tools for titans by Tim Ferriss
now what Tim did was he talked to lots
of people and he interviewed them and
found out some of the most useful tips
and then he compiled them so if you've
got a good grounding on the other stuff
that I mentioned the other books this is
a great way to finish it off and really
really take it to that next level of
practical thinking and practical actions
and practical systems
so here are my recommendations these are
ideal for graduates if you want the one
book that's the best for graduates it
happens to be mine I promise you that if
it didn't happen to be mine I would
recommend I would recommend a different
book so if if I thought that this was
the best book for a graduate I would
tell you that I might tell you mine is
also in the mix but I'll tell you this
one is an amazing book but it's kind of
kind of big maybe not everybody's ready
for it right away for a graduate who's
just trying to figure out the world this
is the one and read the reviews
everybody says the same thing a lot of
people will read this two or three times
that's one of the things I hear the most
anyway so that's all I wanted to leave
with you get your summer reading list
ready if you want to change somebody's
life you might want to gift them with
one of these books or one of them like
certain bitch's books which are
excellent and that's all for now have a
great summer