it looks like the golden agees off a
good start if you're looking at the
stock
market but let's look at your
comments speaking
of carry
Lake they're trying to figure out
uh so here's here's the interesting
thing that's happening in Arizona with
the gyo carry Lake situation
um the the accusation from Liz
Harrington is quote you know why it's
taking so long they're trying to figure
out how to keep gyo below Trump but
higher than
Lake oh
man I I hate how true that
sounds but maybe we'll find out what's
what's true and what's
not but but first we're going to watch
this that's
weird I do not see my own show today on
locals come on
locals
huh
well that puts a little crimp in my game
because normally I look at my comments
separately on here
huh guess that's not going to
happen all right well I
tried good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
I guarantee there's never been a better
time in your whole
life um but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that you can't
even understand with your tiny shiny
human brain all you need is a cup or
muger a glass a tanker chin a canteen
sugar flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like
coffee join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine of the day thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous happens now
ah so
good all right going try one more time
just to make
sure that the locals comments are up and
running why it's not showing up on my
phone is weird I don't know how you're
watching me if I'm on locals and I can't
see
myself how's that
possible must be some kind of update
okay seriously this isn't possible my
own
posts looking at the top looking at the
newest one I'm currently live 800 people
are watching and I'm the only person who
can't see my own show is that is this
really happening to
me like like I want to show it to you to
make sure that you can say that I'm the
only person who can't see my own show
because there are 800 of you that are
watching it on locals right now and I'm
on locals it's not there or it's not
where it's supposed to
be so
oh my God how could this
be there we go it's just way out of
place where it should have been there it
was we're all good
now well if you didn't hear about this
Intel who took away the coffee
privileges for its employees because the
company wasn't doing so well so they
said no more free coffee and snacks but
apparently that didn't go over well so
Business Insider says they're bringing
back free coffee that's right Intel is
bringing back free coffee to the
employees and do you know what I say
about
that Dad joke alert a dad joke will be
delivered momentarily if you don't like
Dad jokes cover your ear holes but for
the rest of you get ready for this
that's
right coffee is good when the chips are
down all right uh um I would like to
uh uh tell you a little story that makes
me feel good so this morning uh I do a
pre-show before I do the show that
you're watching now just for the
subscribers on the locals platform and
one of them told me this morning that he
uh saved a life with Naran so there was
a public transportation situation
somebody uh an addict some fentel addict
passed out was on the verge of dying and
someone who claims he learned about
Naran and what that's all about from my
podcasts and so someone that I told
about
Naran was in a situation where somebody
was about to die uh called out to find
if anybody had some Naran and somebody
did somebody was carrying so it was a
public situation and somebody was
carrying Narcan and they came came up
with it and the individual uh
administered it and actually felt the uh
the heart come back
on Save the
life so if you don't think podcasting is
important well there's one life
saved so Golden
Age yeah Daniel
Penny yeah we we need some Daniel
Penny Daniel penny needs to be freed we
we've got to make this a clean win for
the the golden
age anyway um but before that happens
did you hear about the uh there's a
small town that has some kind of a
research facility that was using monkeys
and 40 of the monkeys escaped on
Thursday so there were 40 monkeys on the
loose 38 of them allegedly voted
straight Democrat ticket so I think they
were just down for the week to do a
little voting but uh no I'm just joking
animals don't
vote
ever all right how many of you have seen
my conversation with Naval which is um
which was done the same way as these
live streams so it's on all the same
platforms you can see it on X it's
pinned it's pinned on my X platform and
on YouTube and Rumble and locals as well
now you have to look at if you think you
don't want to watch an
hourlong um conversation it's not
exactly an interview because neither of
us are too much into the you know the
format of an interview it's a
conversation but it's a conversation
with probably the most interesting
person in the
world so you should look at the comments
and if the first three that you see
don't tell you to spend an hour watching
it I'd be
surprised uh it it's it's already
lighting up the internet it's got like
half a million views since last
night so don't miss it nval ravikant
smartest person in the
world uh and uh he'll show you why
meanwhile trust in Physicians and
hospitals has decreased by 31% since
2020 oh surprise so there's very little
trust in hospitals and doctors these
days and I've said this before but I'll
say it again you may find yourself in a
situation where you need to explain to
your doctor that you trust your doctor
but you don't
necessarily uh trust the system that
constrains your doctor's choices so your
doctor is working under the the umbrella
of what will the insurance company back
you on you know if the insurance company
isn't going to back you on it better not
do it and most of them have bosses and
the bosses are big organizations have to
do what the government says or the big
farmer says or what somebody says so I'm
finding that it's useful to to set down
a standard that you believe that your
doctor is you know qualified person
doing the best they can means well but
you understand their
constrainted and that you're going to
have to work with that constraint and
that means that you might have to make
some decisions that are outside of of
their their narrow range of of
prescriptions now I hope I'm not giving
advice so because some of you killed by
ignoring your doctors don't do that
don't ignore your doctor but I do think
we're in an age where you can't just
automatically assume everything they
tell you is the right answer so maybe
the best advice I can give you is that
if you haven't at least gotten a second
opinion from
AI you should do that
uh you'd be surprised how good AI is on
the medical stuff already uh I would not
replace your real doctor with AI so
don't get me wrong it's not time to do
that but if you wanted a second opinion
such as let's say your doctor says take
a certain drug and you didn't hear any
side effects
mentioned you might want to you might
want to take look at the side effects
you know AI will help you a
lot speaking AI Jeff Bezos and others
have invested in this new robot company
it's called physical
intelligence and they're teaching their
robots to do physical things in the real
world such as chores and folding laundry
and such but what makes it different is
that the normal way to train your AI
would be large language model which
isn't going to help for physical tasks
but also just to look at a million
different things
and then from those million different
things try to you know duplicate it if
you whatever you need but if you take
something like folding laundry it's
never really exactly the same twice you
know every shirt's a little different
Etc so you need something that's a
little
smarter than just copying what had seen
before and so they've got some kind of
algorithm for physical
applications so they think they're
building a general purpose artificial
intelligence for physical
so instead of training your robot to do
something specific like do this exactly
robot like this somehow it can figure
out physical tasks and the smarter way
to do
them in any given situation it's never
seen before now if they can pull that
off holy
cow I don't know if they can but imagine
if they can pull that off that it can
understand its world the same way you do
and it wouldn't need to be trained on
anything it just has an algorithm that
manages the real
world so I could see why somebody Rich
would put some money in
that I've seen some smart people I think
Mark Andre and some others have said
that uh now with Trump in office and his
propensity to get rid of red tape and
regulations and of course Elon will be
getting in and you know doing his thing
that might reduce the government burden
on business and uh oh I didn't mention
this but in my conversation with Naval
ravikant he mentioned that he he put out
the word that he would be willing to
help in the Trump Administration and not
not I'm not talking about taking a
cabinet position but um maybe in the way
that elon's helping you know something
that he would be uniquely qualified to
do and he is uniquely qualified to do a
lot of things so if you ever wanted a
Dream
Team oh my goodness is the the Dream
Team coming together so there are some
predictions that our GDP could be insane
compared to what it has been in the past
you know inflation is always a problem
if that happens but that's a problem
I'll take because I think uh we're we
may be on the verge of a of an economic
boom like we've never seen the stock
market certainly think so I the I mean
the Market's just crazy last three
days well apparently Don Jr has floated
the idea with Alex Jones of uh some kind
of rotating press secretary thing where
Alex Jones would be the press secretary
but you know just for a month and then
then other somebody else would come in
now how do you like that
idea I think there probably still needs
to be a you know regular employee
press secretary but the idea of having
guest um
Spock it's a good idea and there's no
there's never been an idea that's more
perfectly trumpian is there you know the
greatest showman on Earth why would the
greatest showman on Earth be satisfied
with these press events that are the
most useless boring things on earth
greatest showman on Earth most boring
stupid useless process ever that you
seem you do anyway now in the past I
think he's just skipped them right
sometimes he just said ah it's not even
worth it I talk to the Press enough but
it seems to me the most perfectly
trumpian thing would be to figure out
how to make it
interesting and you do a little guest
guest
appearances and there's no way that the
news could not talk about it I'm seeing
Roseanne's name come up a number of
times can you even
imagine showing up you know for your job
you're just a reporter and you're just
going to hear this boring denial of
everything and then all of a sudden
Roseanne comes in with a binder and just
the energy in the room goes crazy
because they they thought they were
going to do something boring again but
Roseanne walks in and you're like I
don't know what's going to happen now
and suddenly it's you know it's it's
going to be a
headline one of the things that the news
tries to do or actually the politicians
try to do is uh fill all the the Shelf
space with stories that at least don't
hurt them and that would make at least
one story maybe once a week or more in
which the Press would just have to write
about it they just have to now they
probably find some way to you know say a
negative like oh he's not taking the job
seriously but I feel like they're over
that I I I think they know that he's he
wants to be president for being
president
reasons I think they finally figured he
actually just wants to do the job
right anyway uh Chief of Staff has been
chosen by Trump Susie Wilds I'd not
heard that name before but if you're on
X and you're seeing the comments from
people who have worked with her for a
long time I've never seen anything like
it I've never seen such a complete
endorsement of anybody politically or
for anything so whoever Susie WS is is
apparently very well regarded and
um I I guess it's a good pick everybody
who knows her says it's like home run
now here's what's fascinating about it
do you
remember me saying for the past at least
six months that the the Trump campaign
is that which is what she was doing she
was running his campaign that the the
Trump campaign was just so
obviously
well-run do you remember that and and I
kept commenting how you know you
sometimes if things are going well you
don't notice because usually you notice
mistakes but the lack of
mistakes that Trump
made
was it was indicative that there was
some kind of very powerful an effective
force that he was working with that was
balancing him just right so there was
something that was really really working
about the campaign and now now I think
we know what it was it was somebody who
already had a great reputation and took
that into the to the campaign did I mean
look at the
campaign it wasn't just
good it was maybe as good as anything
could be I mean it would be hard to
imagine doing better than he
did so boy is that a positive thing for
your golden age so to get a great chief
of staff that everybody respects and is
a real powerhouse is amazing now what
did I not
mention what's the dog not barking thing
not thing I didn't mention about that
story at
all first female chief of staff
St do you know why I do you know why I
didn't mention
it because I I'm going to call
it I'm just going to call it we're done
saying
that all right how about we're all
adults and we know that a woman can do a
job how about we stop saying the first
black this or that because again this
come as a shock to some of you black
people have
jobs right gay people have jobs it
doesn't have to be the first gay one
doesn't have to be the first woman
one so at the same
time that Trump is being accused by the
crazy left that maybe sexism is the
reason that KL Harris didn't become
president because they you know she
didn't she was discriminated against all
right keep that in your mind and then
look at the comments about Susie Wilds
from the people who know her and you ask
me you tell me if any Republicans are
showing some kind of
sexism
nope
capability capability capability that's
all they're talking about just totally
capable and the whole woman you know
first woman thing I I was waiting to see
if somebody would do it because I
thought in my mind mind I'm no historian
but I thought I can't remember a woman
being in that job I wonder if that's the
first and I was happy to say that it
wasn't the lead headline on every single
comment but somebody brought it up and
and I thought that was worth noting so
I'm going to note it as putting a period
in it how about we just say everybody
who's capable and good and smart can
have any kind of job that a capable good
smart person person can have and every
time we say but she's also a woman is
not helping women it's really not so
stop doing it and the way the way the
Trump campaign handled that as well as
the way it handled the campaign was by
staying away from all that identity
stuff and what happened by staying away
from the identity stuff Trump won a
surprising number of people who were
nonwhite
men just by not being one of those
people who had to talk about identity
all day long so he's definitely found
the the right let's say the feel of the
room you got the zuie is saying that
identity politics is dead I don't know
if it's dead dead but it's never going
to work
again maybe that's the same
thing anyway um I saw Jason from the
Allin pod Jason
uh I never know how to pronounce his
name so Jason if you're watching I
apologize uh kinus or
kenis he he he's famous enough that
people use his first name you know Jason
from the all-in Pod so he's got that
Madonna thing going
on K kinus or
calanus I can never I can never
remember oh anyway it's one of those um
but he was on the trigonometry podcast
and he said somewhat
cheekily uh I would say with a twinkle
in his eye that uh Trump won because
he's incredible at manipulating weak
dumb
people and now you could tell by the
look on his face when he said it that he
was being intentionally
provocative um but here's the thing he's
not
wrong he's not wrong the the public is
not filled with
Geniuses and they're not filled with you
know
Atlas strong
people the public needs leaders it needs
people who are stronger than they are
and in the opinion of the people being
led somebody who's got a better idea so
yes I mean those are the insulting words
to use for it that he's good at
manipulating weak dumb people but let me
give another word for it
leadership
leadership do you know who doesn't need
leadership uh brilliant strong
people but how many are there there
aren't that many brilliant strong people
you know we notice them whenever we see
them so no that's leadership you could
call it manipulating the dumb and weak
people or you could say he's showing
people
who are not as plugged in as he is and
not as strong where they should go and
they seem to enjoy that situation enough
to vote for him for a second time so
there's a fine fine line
between uh manipulating and Leadership
and I would say that the single defining
point the most important point is why
are you doing
it it's leadership if you're doing it
for everybody's benefit or the greater
good let's say
um and it's manipulating if you're just
doing it for your own benefit but the
president is the one job I think we
should all agree
on is so transparent that there is no
way to do a bad job as president and
then be happy about it when you're
done that's not a thing Joe Biden's you
know uh entire term is now a disgrace
basically because he couldn't keep it
together long enough to get a second
term and prevented KLA Harris from
having a you know the best chance she
could of winning or anybody else from
the best chance they have winning so
Biden by failing at that critical
decision Point knows that his legacy is
now half of what it could have been do
you think Trump wants a bad Legacy do do
you think he wants the Trump name to be
dragged through the toilet of history or
does he want to do the best job he could
right in front of you as transparently
as possible so that he doesn't have to
convince you it was a good job you saw
it
yourself to me it seems obvious that
he's deeply deeply motivated to do a
great job and anything short of that
would be disappointing to Trump I would
imagine certainly disappointing to his
supporters and his family we expect
great
things well Putin according to justtin
news uh Vladimir Putin described Trump
as a quot courageous man who was quote
hounded from all sides during the
presidential campaign and he
congratulated Trump on his
victory and uh Putin said quote he
behaved in my opinion in a very correct
way courageously like a real
man Putin said I take this opportunity
to congratulate him on his election he
said he's all all he is ready to speak
to Trump about the war in Ukraine quote
what was said about the desire to
restore relations with with Russia to
bring about the end of the Ukrainian
crisis in my opinion this deserves
attention at least said
Putin now you know how this is going to
be framed by the good guys and the bad
guys the bad
guys well let me not call them bad guys
let's let's just say in the spirit of
unity I'll say the Democrats for
now uh you know the Democrats are going
to say oh you're you're Putin's puppet
oh Trump why are you so nice to
dictators why are you being so good to
dictators and then all the people who
have any experience in business or any
experience in politics and have ever
negotiated anything are going to say uh
are you
all weak and dumb like Jason says
because let me explain how negotiating
works
first you listen listen to your person
you're negotiating with and you try to
agree with as much as possible so that
you're both shaking your heads yes
before you get to the hard stuff now
what would be the best way to bond you
know to to find something in common
between Putin and Trump which would make
both of them better at negotiating with
with each other which is your ideal
situation you don't want one of the
people to think they went away oh I got
you know bullied into something
something you want both of them to think
this is a good negotiation I'm going in
this strong I'm going in it against
somebody's strong we respect each other
we can say we can be honest you know
you're you're bad here you're good here
we like the good stop doing the
bad it's kind of a perfect situation so
I'm pretty sure that 100% of all the
people who have had experience in
negotiating and that used to be one of
my one of my corporate jobs was
negotiating with vendors over prices and
stuff and yeah this is a this is
negotiating
101 Trump should be saying that Putin's
a strong leader that Putin uh has been
maybe good for Russia that might be a
little too far but you can say good
things about
him um there's some talk about Trump may
be pardoning Hunter Biden because that
would be a good way to you know get some
Unity back
things um I don't think Hunters should
be pardoned in the at the same time
there are still legal risks lawfare
let's call it against Trump now there is
optimism that all of Trump's legal
problems will be um swept away and that
might happen but hasn't happened yet so
I think it's certainly premature to be
talking about any pardons but as Mike
Ben weighs in on this he said talking
about the hunter by pardon he said I'm
actually okay with this on the condition
that Hunter becomes a federal informant
for six months and tells the Trump dog
every federal crime committed by the CIA
state department and some other
groups and and gives gives the comms now
I don't think there's any chance in the
world that Hunter Biden could roll over
on the CIA and the Atlantic Council and
uh anybody else cuz I think literally he
would be killed you know if there's
anything there that that really needs to
be HD I think he would actually be
killed uh like literally no joke no
hyperbole I think you would be killed so
I don't think there's really a chance of
that
um so it's too bad I I have uh there's
definitely a strong part of me that
would like the hunter Biden thing to be
wrapped up and and maybe it's a of the
country to say can we get past this and
just you know take care of business this
is the past he was a drug addict maybe
he did some illegal money laundering
Ukraine things but we don't have to
worry about it
now we're past it so I mean you don't
you don't need to give somebody a pardon
unless they actually did something that
is jailable and it looks like maybe
there's some jailable things in there if
you look hard enough I don't know so so
I guess I'm on the fense on this one um
but definitely no As Long As Trump is
still in lawfare
territory um so as a fisher king points
s an x uh that winning the popular vote
was a pretty big deal and we have the
blue states to thank for that because it
means that a lot of people like me got
people to vote in California
and I voted for the first time in memory
um because we knew that winning the
popular vote changed
everything I did not want to be in a
situation where Trump won the you know
the electoral vote but not the popular
vote that was not where I wanted to be
at all and I think that some of the
reason that Democrats are
quiet is because there is no strategy
that cleanly gets you past the fact that
a majority of Americans who
voted were on the other side and think
you did a bad job and you your package
of policies wasn't good enough now if it
were not the majority at the same time
that the major media is on the is in
favor of
Democrats I mean that's a hell of a
message just think think of waking up
imagine this imagine you you went to to
sleep and when you went to sleep you
were the moral authority of the country
you were the good guys not only were you
the good moral ethical authority of the
country because you're a good Democrat
unlike those terrible terrible magga
people but you were also in the majority
so you were the good people and you were
in the majority and then you wake up and
you find out you're not in the
majority and there was a good reason for
it you weren't the good people after
all because you were the ones pushing
the wokeness and the lies and then you
watched your leaders the same leaders
who told you that if Trump became
elected he would be Hiller like actually
literally like Hiller he would round up
people in camps and all this and then
one minute after the polls call the the
winner those same Dem rats who told you
with serious
faces you're all going to be rounded up
they all said well peaceful transfer of
power I guess the system worked better
luck next time and then tens of millions
of Democrats said wait a minute how do
you square that how does Peaceful
transfer of power ever hook up with
we're electing
Hitler that's the wrong answer if he's
really Hitler you should not be bragging
about a peaceful transfer of power you
should be talking about your underground
resistance which will try to you know
kill them as soon as they can now of
course I'm against that no violence
please but the point is at least that
would be consistent if the things you
told your own people were anywhere near
true you should not be rolling over and
accepting this new dictator for a
day so I think that this
spell maybe got
broken and I saw some some more talk
today about the fine people HS changing
somebody's mind and how much it broke
their brain um I forget who it was I'll
get to it but think about how important
the winning the um the actual total vote
was not just the elector vote being the
majority by like a solid five million or
whatever it is now changes
everything it you you can no longer see
yourself as the safe reasonable people
who are trying to protect the world from
these you know these weirdos who have
weird opinions it turns out that the
weirdos were the
majority literally the weirdos remember
remember when wals and klet had this
brilliant idea that they'll call the
Trump supporters
weirdos why do you call people
weirdos it's only because you think
they're the
minority turns out there were more
weirdos than there were anti-
weirdos I love my weirdos by the way
more weirdos please the more the
better oh you got a winner in
Pennsylvania Senate winner
good
anyway let's see else has happened here
um so this is what uh so Colin rug did a
good job of summarizing on X the things
that Trump said he had 10 things he
wants to do
to effectively get rid of the deep state
so I think it's worth reading all 10 of
them to you so I won't go into detail
but just get a sense of what Trump said
now here's the thing I love about Trump
and one of the things he got right the
first time first time he ran as soon as
he was elected he started doing
presidential
stuff like he didn't wait until he was
sworn it like anything he could do
legally that was presidential like he
visited the Ford and some other plant
and tried to keep American jobs here and
and it was just sort of brilliant
because it gave you a first look at what
a trump presidency would look like and
you're like oh wow he's already on the
job he's definitely putting in the work
for me I like that so here he is again
telling you what he has in store and
he's very specific that's 10 things here
they
are uh immediately
reissue his 2020 executive order
restoring the president's authority to
remove Rogue
bureaucrats I didn't know he couldn't do
that but apparently there must have been
some employee protection or something
but uh he can remove Rogue bureaucrats
he wants to clean out all the corrupt
actors in our national security and
intelligence apparatus I don't know how
you do that exactly but I agree it has
to be
done he wants to totally reform the fisa
courts which are so corrupt he says that
the judges seemingly do not care when
they're lied to in warrant
applications that I mean I think they do
care but they act like they don't care
because they Grant pretty much
anything um here's number four listen to
this one you ready for this this is
number four on his
list expose the hoaxes and abuses of
power that have been tearing our country
apart there it
is there it
is yeah how about exposing the hoaxes I
remind you that the American debunk dcom
page is a really well done professional
page of uh Trump hoaxes being
debunked so there is already a mechanism
for that he just needs to send enough
eyeballs to
it and I love the fact that it's an
enumerated top 10 thing because if you
don't take out the the hoaxes and the
abuses of power the hoaxes are the part
that I care about the
most if you don't get take care of the
hoaxes then the Democrats can build back
their hoax uracy which has
temporarily um
collapsed so at the moment there are a
whole bunch of Democrats saying to
themselves and each other did we get
everything
wrong Char Charline the God for example
is saying that uh Democrats read the
room wrong there must be a lot of Voters
who were saying the same things like did
we did we read everything in the country
wrong and the answer is yes yes if they
thought they were the majority and they
were on on the side of the Angels yes
they read the room wrong very
wrong all right number five launch a
major Crackdown on government
leakers who collude with the fake
news um I like that because that's again
going after the hoaxes make every
inspector General's Office Independent
and physically
separated from the Departments they
oversee that seems like a pretty smart
structural
change seven asked Congress to establish
an independent auditing system to
continually monitor our intelligence
agencies to ensure they're not spying on
our citizens or running disinformation
campaigns against the American people or
that they are not spying on someone's
campaign like they spied in my
campaign I like that he likes to work
that in there he likes to work in the
the shiv his list of top 10
um I I think that's where worth
trying but isn't the whole point of a
spy agency that you you can lie
even to people in your own country I
mean is the CIA supposed to tell people
the exact truth all the time I don't
know how that works because because I
would think if you create an
organization whose job is to
lie for the benefit of the country then
they could lie anytime they had an
argument that may it's for the benefit
of the country so I don't know how that
works so maybe there's a way to audit
them it's worth a
try number eight continue the effort
launched by the Trump admin to move
parts of the sprawling Federal
bureaucracy to new locations outside of
the Washington
swamp that feels like a a solution that
people who are smarter and more
well-informed than I am would say that's
a good idea I guess if you just move
them physically there's less swampy
connections and I could see how that
would be
true uh but I'd have to see it work to
know it's a solution because I feel like
the swamp can follow you you know we
have phones and zoom and stuff so I
don't know maybe if you can't have lunch
with the rest of the swamp it doesn't
get to you but it's worth a try it's
worth a
try
um how about number n work to ban
Federal bureaucrats from taking jobs at
the companies they deal with and that
they regulate you know that's a tough
one um I think everybody thinks that
that makes the country at risk when the
people are doing the regulating are too
cozy with the the industry that they're
regulating on the other hand you want
people who are so well connected that
the Pharma industry would want to hire
them as soon as they could
so there's there's part of me that
wishes there was some way to solve this
without reducing the rights of people to
work where they want to work you know
you know how non-compete Agreements are
usually I think this is true I think
they're usually thrown out by courts you
know your employer can't tell you not to
work for the competition I think it
might depend on certain situations or
states or something but I don't love
anything that limits where I can go to
work
but on the other
hand if The Regulators are too cozy with
the regulated then the whole thing falls
apart so I guess tentatively this would
be one thing that I would also be in
favor of but I would say that for for
for having 10 things on his list I'll
get to the last one last one's push a
constitutional amendment to oppose to
oppose not to oppose to put term limits
on Congress I don't think there's any
chance of term limits but these are 10
things
which most of them look good at the
first look and several of them look like
something that's worth trying and then
if it doesn't work adjust that's that's
how the whole country should work try
something it looks like a good idea it
looks like it solves the problem if it
doesn't work pull it back do it again
America is really good at at uh you know
 canning the stuff that didn't work
it's sort of a superpower we have so
yeah let's try some
stuff um Trump also vowed separately to
put on the first day to end a gender
affirming care now that's the the
Democrats call it gender affirming care
Republicans call it mutilating um young
people uh we don't need to get into that
debate except to say that it was a very
po popular common opinion that children
should be exempt from the transitioning
I think that the what what is the
national approval for blocking children
from transitioning like 70 or 80% 90% it
was way up there it's like crazy popular
so yeah do do that right away so again
this was something that Trump could do
on day one
literally
um that would look like he's really
getting stuff done and the golden age is
coming and things are
working Mike Benz again um he had an
really interesting idea because as you
know he's described uh over the past few
years the
censorship um Network the web of
censorship uh non-government
organizations so there are all these
entities that are not part of the
government but in many cases our
government as well as others other
entities fund
them so some of the things we fund are
are these disinformation censorship
people that really are more like
censorship and so he's so what Mike Ben
says is if you that you could you
couldn't totally dismantle that system
but you could give it something like a
you know an almost lethal blow with one
ex executive order that would prohibit
funding by any government agency to any
outside group involved in regulating
flagging or down ring so-called
disinformation because you know that
turns into
censorship now how good an idea is
that like really good now let me teach
you something about the Trump
Administration I'm going to say this
with confidence without knowing
yet if I'm right remember I always tell
you that the person with the best ideas
in
charge it's just always true if if
you're the junior person at the meeting
but when your turn comes to talk you
have the best idea well if people
recognize it as the best idea I guess
you were in charge even though you're
the junior person and this is one of
those clean examples I think and what
makes it a clean example is that when
you read it you say to yourself yeah of
course of course yeah take the funding
away from people who are trying to
censor Americans we have free speech so
this is just a plain good idea with a
very specific mechanism which doesn't
cost much of anything in executive order
and it would be just a huge blow to a
big part of the disinformation fabric
now here's my
prediction my prediction is because I've
been saying this a lot
that the Trump Administration is better
than probably any Administration ever at
reading the room and also
accepting um suggestions that come from
good sources so when Elon Musk says you
know what if you let me I can take a
bunch of money out of the government
what does Trump say does Trump say oh no
that will be taking the the uh the
Limelight away from me I can't have you
getting in there no he says really Elon
Musk the guy who took 80% of the
employees out Twitter and increased the
number of features he's willing to work
for
free he has all the credibility of you
know the
public and he can do this thing which
desper really needs to be
done
yes yes yes you know the Democrats are
talking to Beyonce they can't even get
Beyonce the
same right and and Trump's got he's got
people like naal and Elon Musk and you
know a whole bunch of others just
volunteering to do the most important
work that needs to be done RFK
Jr he he just comes and says you know
the food supply is poison uh our big
Pharma is all messed up if you let me I
can fix all that what does Trump say oh
no I could never work with the Democrat
no nope oh no there was that one time
you said that thing that I disagreed
with
no he just said wait what is it you want
to do you want to fix our food supply
and fix how Pharma gets decided so that
science is more prominent than that
that's a good idea go do
that so I'm going to
predict that this will make its way to
the Trump
Administration that they will be looking
for good ideas to do right away and that
I would be surprised if this doesn't
happen so I want you to watch for it
because I I want you to see your
government at work so Mike Ben has very
good reputation you know among at least
the right uh as being a really solid
smart Source you know so if he says this
is a good
idea I feel like I'm pretty certain it
is and I think that the Trump
Administration would have the same impr
like oh wow really we could get all that
done with one executive order let's
let's run that up the flag poow see if
it see if it works so watch this one
just watch if this good idea gets
translated into
policy well as you might imagine and
wired is reporting um that the left is
uh complaining that maybe the election
was rigged because how in the world
could all those votes be missing
you know they're looking for their own
missing votes because Kamala didn't get
so far they haven't haven't finished
counting the votes but if in the the
uncounted semic counted votes is lower
now here's the funny
part my understanding is that there is a
Russian inspired hoax that says there
are 20 million or maybe 14 or 15 million
votes that are sort of missing meaning
that they were people that allegedly
voted in 2020 for Biden that didn't show
up for
Harris where would they be you know that
it's it would be very uncommon to go
down 15 million votes from the election
before especially if it's the vice
president from the same
Administration like it should have been
pretty close now the reason that's a
hoax and this is my understanding is
that it's when all the votes are
counted it's going to be about what it
was the last
time now why that seems so off is that
some of the blue states where the the
outcome of the least of the presidential
election is obvious like you don't have
to finish counting in California to call
the state for for uh for Harris right
you don't have to finish counting in New
York and since there's such big
populations you know if you're only 75
5% done counting you've got several
million sitting there that are just just
waiting to be counted but there's no
there's no problem with it they're just
waiting to be counted
now um if they were the states that were
close that that would be a whole
different suspicion but if it's the
states that you already know where
they're going and nobody's questioning
it's a blue State and it's going blue
and they haven't finish
counting H you know we we might end up
with the same number but what's fun
about this is that apparently is it's
the first hoax that worked on both sides
because the the Republicans and even in
the comments people are putting it in
putting it in the comments because they
think it's
real so the so Republicans are saying
aha we have now proven that 2020 must
have been fake because all those votes
are missing they're not missing okay so
just to be clear there aren't any votes
missing that we know of they just
haven't all been counted but at the same
time according to wired the people on
the left are saying this election must
be rigged because there are 15 million
votes
missing so somehow if Russia really did
this and again I don't believe any of
the Russian stories some of them are
going to be true but just automatically
I don't believe anything about Russia oh
Russia did it Russia did it Russia all
right right but this would be one of the
best the best pranks anybody did if you
could get both Ides to think it may that
it means the election was rigged for the
other pretty clever Putin if you're
behind
that well as others have mentioned when
Joe Biden addressed the nation after
Trump's win we've never seen Joe Biden
look
happier you know I saw the comments
about it before I saw him and I thought
oh you're you're just being political so
you're sort of having fun with it and
you're just pretending like he's happy
but when I look at him he will not he
will not be any more or less happy than
he ever is he'll be spewing the F people
Oaks Etc and then I watched
it he is happier than I've ever seen
[Laughter]
him he couldn't even freaking hide it he
couldn't even hide how happy he
is and that to me that's
hilarious
hilarious but but here's the thing
that's deprogramming his side as I
mentioned earlier imagine you're you're
uh you're a Democrat and you supported
Biden and you especially sported him
because he ran on the fine people story
which was a hoax but if you didn't know
it you thought my God I can't have Trump
in charge he called neo-nazis Fine
people now Biden said it said that Trump
said it but of course it never happened
he said the opposite he disavowed them
uh and
and so so Biden runs for office because
he's running against Hitler and then
it's the moment Hitler gets elected
here's Biden ah it's a good day oh you
know peaceful transfer power how you
doing hey you in the front is that the
way you act when Hitler comes to
power it is so obvious and it has to be
obvious to the Democrats
themselves that their leadership was not
just lying but it was the big
lie yeah the the very thing that they
were accusing Trump of the big lie was
at you know Trump's Hiller and they
backed off of the LIE the very minute
they had to become consistent with their
idea of a peaceful transfer of power you
know they realized they were in a trap
they had to act like that was
something
unbelievable anyway there are two real
world
maybe three three real world things that
you need to know number one all data is
fake all date is fake that matters if it
doesn't matter or if it's just some
engineering calculation that might be
real but in the political realm it's all
fake so to those of you who keep sending
me the graph of all those alleged
missing votes and by the way there might
be some missing votes I'm not saying
there isn't what I'm saying is that if
you believed
data in the middle of the fog of the
election war that was
mistake and again I have to be careful
it could be that the information you
have is correct that there are missing
votes but if you believed
it because you saw a graph or you saw a
social media post about it in the middle
of the fog of the election then you you
made a
mistake you made a mistake it was too
soon to be confident about
that now that doesn't mean it's not true
it doesn't mean that we'll will never
find any problems with this election
that part I don't know I'm saying that
if you have confidence that you're sure
those 20 million now it's like
everything else is fake all data is fake
this is probably more of it we'll find
out um here's another real world
update I said this before but it fits in
my list well
when when Elon Musk or RFK Jr talk about
getting rid of parts of the government
that you think are protecting you like
FDA or CDC or anything else they don't
necessarily mean that the government
doesn't do that work it may be that
you've got two departments and it makes
more sense that it all happens in one
right so then you're getting rid of a
department but you're not getting rid of
the thing so if if you do what what a
Elon Musk would do because of his
engineering mind or what somebody like
nval would do they wouldn't say how do
we tweak this thing the way it is they'd
say if we were building it from scratch
what would it look like and if the way
it is now is not the way it would look
like if you were to build it ideally
from scratch well then maybe you make
some big
changes um the other thing is that the
deportation question I keep
watching Republican after Republican
falling off a cliff because the Democrat
media is saying this so how in the world
can Trump Deport 20 million people it
would be chaos you know the families
would be broken up and all these
things let me describe the real
world the real world is where you scare
people about what you're going to do so
you can get done what you need to
do so Trump is saying he's going to
deport 20 million people is exactly like
what he said the first
time and and the first time he ran I
told you all don't worry about that he's
not going to deport 20 million people
he's going to get rid of the criminals
if he can he's going to seal up the
Border as well as he can and if you just
get the flow down to you know some
reasonable
level we'll be fine then then it be goes
from a big problem to a small problem it
doesn't really need to be 100% solved it
just needs to go from a big problem to a
small one so sure enough Trump gets in
he does a good job of you know closing
the uh at least the
flow and uh round It Up by bunch of
criminals and by the end of his term how
many of you were saying damn it if only
he'd sent back 10 million more
people not
me I I I didn't miss I didn't miss the
deportations and so I assume in the real
world because this is the way the real
world always works that Trump will focus
like a laser on the criminals he will he
will put all the resources on the
Venezuelan gangs and it will take four
years to get rid of them and if he seals
the border at the same time and ends all
these amnesty things and maybe maybe he
says something like if he came in
illegally during this time you can't
vote or you'll never be able to vote or
something um you're going to say oh well
but we still have 20 million people
living on the streets who are migrants
and by the end of four years Trump will
say no we don't because they all got
absorbed they it turns out that they
wanted to be here and there were
employees who employers who wanted them
to work and so that problem which is
gigantic at the moment and an
existential threat to the country at the
moment would almost instantly become a
medium-sized problem the moment you shut
the border and you focus on getting rid
of the criminals when you get rid of the
criminals and if you successfully kept
the Border you know nice and tight for
four years do you think the country is
going to say you failed because there's
still 20 million people who are working
for companies and paying
taxes that you should have sent
back probably
not I don't know anybody would really
care so I think that the Democrats are
playing this game where they know full
well that if you talk tough the people
who were thinking of coming in during
the Trump Administration will stay home
don't you think he's already caused
people to stay home of course he has he
he's already he he's probably on the
verge of ending three or four Wars just
on the threat of him coming into office
and he's almost certainly going to
reduce the number of people there might
be a a surge of people trying to get in
before he takes office but there should
be sort of automatic decrease in people
willing to come in after some initial
surge so those are your real world
updates in the real world you can
re-engineer you don't have to just get
rid of stuff and in the real world you
don't have to De Deport 20 million
people and you can make everybody happy
that's the weird part you can make me
completely happy but at the moment I'm
thinking you got 20 million too many
people you you need to do something
about those 20 million people but I'll
be happy if they're working and you get
rid of the criminals and close up the
Border I can live with
that um there's a question about whether
the Federal Reserve should report to the
president and whether the President
should be able to fire that person
there's been a long history of
Independence and I'm in favor of
Independence because it you know there
there should be maybe some process for
removing a Federal Reserve head maybe
there is like an impeachment or
something but I think it should only be
in an
emergency uh I don't think that the
politicians opinion of what the interest
rate should be should be
somehow higher priority than the feds
because the FED has that one job but the
politician is also trying to get
reelected so you don't want the person
who wants to get reelected to say hey
lower those interest rates when really
we'd be better off with holding them
higher for a little bit longer so I
don't think I want Trump to have control
over the
FED uh I I think there's some you know
there's going to be some disagreement on
that but I feel like that would be a
better Safeguard just have a little
little distance there even if they're
not doing exactly what you want well
congratulations again
to um America First legal you know
that's uh the Trump friendly Legal Group
that's U pressing every legal challenge
that they can all over the
country and they just won their lawsuit
with uh with Ken Paxon so together with
him uh so there were a correlation a
coalition of 14 States and they
officially stopped the Biden Harris
administration's illegal attempt they
say to Grant Mass amnesty to hundreds of
thousands of illegal
aliens um good yeah now here's why I
agree with
this it has nothing to do with
Amy it has everything to do with I don't
really like the administration doing
some big last minute thing that could
affect me this way you know if it turned
out that the Trump Administration looked
at it and they said you know what after
we've looked at all the ins and outs of
this you know maybe we can grant some
amnesty to some of these people I'd be
okay with that but I feel like it needs
to be
a a trump decision not the the last
minute nonsense done by the
administration that's
leaving so I would prefer it be decided
differently have you heard about the 4B
movement apparently it started in South
Korea and it's a movement telling women
to boycott men so in South Korea it's
because they I guess theyve got a
patriarchy that's a little too rapy and
a little too anti-woman according to
some women and so they started in South
Korea this thing you know don't have sex
with
men and apparently this is spread to Tik
Tock and it has to do with the election
results not being the way they wanted it
and so some women on Tik Tok are saying
they should be like
4B and uh not mate or date or marry or
sleep with any men and certainly don't
have children with them it's called the
4B
now would you like another dad joke we
can we can uh yeah we can totally uh
bookend this one more dad joke coming in
hard so the 4B movement would decrease
the number of children that people have
I would say that the 4B is a case of 2B
or not
2B
no okay that was weak that wasn't the
strongest ending I will give you that
but you see the children would need be
or they would they would not
be okay if you have to explain it it's
no good at
all all right well ladies and
gentlemen that is what I have for you
again I I will point to if you just
joined um my conversation with Naval
ravikant is getting gigantic numbers of
views it's pinned on my X profile but
you can find it on YouTube and Rumble
and if you're on locals you can see
it and if you didn't know the dilber
calendar which I'm going to be talking
about a lot because it's
November and uh so I just got an update
they're they're doing the printing for
the ones that have already been
purchased if you've asked that question
and didn't get an answer this is your
answer they're printing them now so a
week or two the first batches will come
out we're trying to get everything out
before Christmas obviously but I
wouldn't wait too close to Christmas to
get yours the only place you can get the
Dilbert calendar is at the link
dilbert.com so it's right at the top uh
it's the only place you can't get it on
Amazon can't get it in your bookstore to
Make It in America we had to do it a
different way I'll give you some more
updates on that but that's all I've got
for now locals I'm going to come talk to
you privately everybody else thanks for
joining I will see you tomorrow morning
same time same place so have a good day
all you YouTube and Rumble and X people
locals I'm coming at
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e