well what a show it's going to be today
you know I'm so excited for you that you
don't even need to be excited yourself
that's how good it's going to
be all right everybody stream on in here
and get excited
[Music]
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams the best
time you'll ever have in your whole life
and if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need is a cup or
mug or a glass a tankered chalis or
Stein a canteen juger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure of the dopamine
end of the day the thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go
oh oh oh that's good
stuff well let's talk about some uh fun
sciency updates and then
politics politics we'll get to it so
there's uh some research uh published in
the uh science advances saying that the
simpler your headline the more clicks
you get that's right if people reading
the news see your headline and they
understand what all the words mean
they're more likely to click it if they
don't understand what you're trying to
say in the headline or it's a little too
clever they won't click it because why
would they they don't even know what
it's about now who could have told you
that without the research
who could have told you that if you
understand what the topic is of the
story you're more likely to click it
versus not knowing what the story is
about because they use big confusing
words oh they could have asked me they
could they could have saved some money
Scott we're thinking of doing this study
to see if dumbass big freaking academic
looking titles get as many clicks as
clear fun short ones and I would said
who good thing you asked me save your
money those clear short ones are going
to get more
interest now here's the fun
part how many of you remember back in
2015 and 2016 When Donald Trump was
considered the dumbest person in all of
public life because when he talked he
talked like he talked like he he had a
sixth grade um vocabulary I mean my
goodness
you how could he possibly be a president
with a sixth grade vocabulary he's
always using simple words and what's
wrong with that guy huh and then I told
you
um that's
perfect the thing they're criticizing is
the best communication style of all time
according to every study and every
observable
experience when was the last time you
heard the media criticize Trump for his
simplistic communication
style bet you didn't realize it
completely disappeared didn't
it what honestly it's been years I think
it's been years since they brought that
oh he uses simple vocabulary do you know
why because at this point everybody
figured out that was the better way to
communicate because the world is not as
smart as writers and people who make
headlines the people who make headlines
went to college and the college told
them to use big words and so they do to
impress their editors and their friends
and then the people who read it who
necessarily maybe didn't go to such a
good college they look at it and say I
don't even know what those words mean I
think I'll click on something
else so I really could have helped you
there but um once you understand that
Trump is the arguably the best public
Communicator of all time you know even
with his flaws
nobody's ever been more persuasive or
more clear about what they want than he
has so shorter is
better there's a medical study saying
that it's published in the JMA
Jama Psychiatry publication anyway shows
that kids who had persistent
inflammation as kids body
inflammation were far more likely to
develop serious mental health disorder
orders including psychosis and
depression now to their
credit this the uh article about it says
very clearly that they have not
established that the inflammation causes
the other problems it could be either
related or
Associated so the first thing I'll say
is congratulations for clearly writing
about science in a way that makes sense
but at what point in the article did
they tell you that it wasn't necessarily
causation was it up at the top was the
first sentence we don't know if this is
causation but there's a great
correlation between do you think it did
that no it did not no you had to read a
long time before they confessed yeah we
don't know if the inflammation causes
the problems could be just
correlation so I'm only going to give
him impartial credit because the reason
that you would click it and read it is
that you thought that they had
established some causation and if you
knew that they did not establish any
causation because they they don't have
the data to do that yet um maybe you
would have read it differently or not
read it but here's my hypothesis that
I've been working on for a long
time the other
day uh I had a very bad mental attitude
I woke up just feeling the sense of
dread and doom that wasn't really
connected to anything happening in the
world that was different than the day
before when I fell fine you know surely
there are problems in the world but why
did I feel fine yesterday and then I
wake up one day and then I feel like
Dread and do you know what the answer is
it's how my body felt when my body feels
suboptimal my brain follows along if if
you're still under the model that your
brain and your body are two different
functions you're going to be
 your your odds of Happiness are
practically
zero let me say that again if you think
that your brain and your your your well
is put it other way if you think that
your body is not a component of your
mind and that it's only that little
brain thing that's inside your skull
that's part of your mind oh you're not
going to succeed at anything
you you have to get rid of that your
body is your
brain here's how here's what I mean how
did I how did I solv the problem that I
I felt a sense of Doom and Dread and you
know I would have even called it like a
mild depression it was because my body
didn't feel good I didn't have enough
exercise I I had some inflammation maybe
so I basically take a you know a uh what
do you call it the Epson salt hot bath
and my inflammation goes away and I eat
some food I like and I get some sleep
and all the Doom went
away so my brain problem was just my
body so as soon as you realize that your
brain is your body and that imagining
they're two separate systems gets you
all the wrong answers your body is your
brain I'm depressed what am I going to
do about it do some brain stuff no do
something with your body get outside get
some sun get some vitamin D work on your
inflammation if you if you have a
problem so that that's my hypothesis
based on my observation in my own life
is that whenever my body hurts my brain
is in a bad place whenever my body feels
extraordinary my brain's fine no
problems at
all anyway it's a good thing that
climate models are
Dependable oh well there's a new story
that uh two prominent and uh very
experienced climate scientists you've
probably heard of them before they're
sort of the contrarians in that in that
space Richard Linden I've talked about
him
before and uh William haer now they're
both very highly
qualified um Professionals in science in
specifically spent a lot of time in the
global climate change
stuff here's what they say
apparently their claim is the
following that if you add some CO2 to
the air it might warm the
environment or or does actually so they
they would agree that if you add CO2 hum
produce CO2 to the air uh and there's
not much there
already that as you're adding a little
bit to the air it it'll cause some
warming but here's the surprising part
they claim is that when you reach a
certain level which we have already
reached that the science is very
clear that the CO2 will stop having that
same warming
property in other words we've already
reached Peak CO2 warming
potential adding more won't make any
difference at all so their claim is
let's see if I can get it in their
words that uh the physics of carbon
dioxide
is that co2's ability to warm the planet
is determined by its ability to absorb
heat so if it doesn't absorb heat it
doesn't warm the planet but its ability
to absorb heat this is the CO2 decreases
rapidly as CO2 concentration
increases so it's basically the opposite
of all of climate change that it does it
does correlate with an increase in
temperature at lower rates but when you
reach about where we are now it should
Plateau so they're saying basically it's
not going to add any warming because it
it it
can't as soon as you have enough
concentration of CO2 which is where
we're at you could add more but it won't
get any
warmer now do all scientists agree of
course not but these are two very
qualified well-known you know even I
know these names not in the scientific
field but I'm well aware of these two
two
scientists so if they're right then
everything about the climate models is
wrong and they've made a they've made a
fairly simple claim one that you think
could be tested now I'm not going to
claim that these scientists are right
and all the other scientists are wrong
I'm going to claim that we don't know
anything about anything like all of our
sense of certainty is all artifici
official it's you know we imagine that
the data is never going to change and
nobody's lying and all the assumptions
they made are true and and that it's
actually possible to predict the future
based on a
multivariable Model it's not it's not
it's not even close to possible and
everybody in the field knows it but you
don't all right so but if that were the
only problem that would be the end of
the climate crisis completely
and it does seem like a testable
claim could you not test in a laboratory
the increasing CO2 in let's say just a
laboratory setting a totally controlled
environment and I think they've done
that right I'm pretty sure I've seen
tests where in the laboratory if you
introduce CO2 to a little closed
environment you can demonstrate that it
causes
warming so if the claim is that a
certain saturation level is stops doing
that instead of infinitely creating more
warming that would be easy to test
wouldn't it couldn't you just build a
little terrarium or something that looks
like Earth in a in a box or you know in
a sealed in a sealed environment
introduce some CO2 measure the
temperature sure enough we added CO2 and
the temperature went up now keep adding
it until you get to the concentration
we're at today in the real
world does it keep going up as you keep
adding to it or does it Plateau as these
two scientists would
suggest so the fascinating thing about
this is it seems so
testable maybe we'll find out it's real
who knows I'm not going to tell you that
you know these scientists are right and
the others are wrong because I have no
way to know that but I love the fact
that they're very qualified people and
they've got a very different idea of
what's going on but at least the rest of
climate model stuff is all pretty
solid you know it's only that one
assumption that they have to test you
know the one assumption that drives
everything that's the only one they're
questioning the one assumption that
makes everything
different but are there any other
assumptions in these climate models huh
well it turns out that there have been
some new studies of ice and they can
they can melt the ice in a special
scientific way and figure out what kind
of gases and stuff were in the ice and
then they can
reconstruct things about the past to
know if their climate models today you
know would have worked in the past as
well that's pretty
important so what they find out well it
turns out that uh the amount of biomass
that has burned over time has been
decreasing as the population of the
world
increases so biomass burning means like
a forest fire right you just a natural
fire Outdoors is a biomass burning so
the climate models assumed that the more
people you added to the world the more
burning there would be I assume they
mean because people would burn Forest to
plant Farms people would burn wood to
heat themselves people would you know
people humans would be burning a lot of
stuff so the climate models assume more
people equals more burning that's a
basic part of the models but it turns
out that when you look at the ice
samples uh The More Humans there are the
less biomass there is that's
burned it's opposite so one of the key
assumptions that people equals more
burning and that's fed into the model is
opposite according to these new studies
now again does it mean the new study is
correct and all the things in the model
are
incorrect I don't know that I'm just
saying that one part of science that
should be taken as credibly as the rest
probably uh is saying that they got that
big variable
opposite so Suppose there were only two
problems with the models that have lots
of variables and suppose the only two
problems were they got this biomass
thing backwards and they got the
CO2 um doesn't eat anything after it
reaches a certain saturation what if
they got those two things wrong well
then the entire bottles are are nothing
garbage now let me say something again
that if you're not convinced yet oh I'm
going to wear you down it goes like this
there is no such thing as accurate data
for anything that matters if it doesn't
matter or it's something we all observe
like yes there's a hurricane yes the
news says there's a hurricane science
says there's a hurricane okay the easy
stuff we all agree that's real but all
the stuff that really has big dollars
involved it's never real you you can't
have data collection and big dollars
involved at the same time but
unfortunately that's the only way
anything happens because the only people
willing to spend all the money it would
take to collect data on something as big
as the climate would be people who have
a lot of money
involved so there isn't actually a
system in place in the world to get
accurate data about anything that
matters think about that it's not it's
not a set of
accidents it it's not like well we
looked at this data and it turns out
that somebody involved was gaming the
system but then we looked at some other
data ah it turned out there was
something wrong with that data too and
you say to yourself wow I'm sure all the
rest of the data in the world is good
but these two look like they were
wrong no there is no
way that it's even possible for data to
be correct about anything important
because because the people presenting it
have an interest and they're only going
to show it to you if they can make that
data look whatever it is that they need
it to look so now there's no such thing
as accurate data about anything that
matters
and don't be confused by the data on
things that don't matter there there's
probably plenty of data on things that
don't matter to anybody politically or
monetarily but if it matters and there's
money involved it's never real it can't
be design is Destiny the design of the
system is the only people who collect
the data or the people who have a lot of
money involved in it being one
way that's our system if you suppose you
designed that on paper and you presented
it to somebody as a way to run the world
suppose nobody had ever collected any
data for anything before and you said
you know what if we started collecting
data in this world and we applied some
science we' we'd be way ahead so they
come up with the idea of collecting data
and they say all right here's how we're
going to do it it's going to be
expensive to collect any data that you
really matters and it's going to move
the needle so who's going to be doing
the collecting
the government oh no the government
might be biased you know might be
Democrats in office versus Republicans
you can't really trust the government
with data so then I'd say wait so you're
saying that all information that comes
from the government will be fake oh yes
of course it will of course it will
because it's either Democrats in charge
or Republicans in charge and neither of
them have an interest in telling you the
truth right they have a gigantic
monetary and
you know other career interests in
telling you the truth they want you to
hear do you think we could see that
effect in the real world if the
government has an incentive to lie to
you all the time well let's uh let's uh
look at some data have you heard about
the jobs reports that are being uh
revised by over 800,000 because they
were all
fake turns out it's way worse than that
because we might be looking at jobs that
were created as fake jobs to get PPP
money during the pandemic so there's
some suggestion that there might be 5
million fake
jobs because people pretended they had
employees so they could get money from
the government and pretended they had
companies so some some people think that
our jobs numbers are completely just
ridiculous and just made up and now
they're being
revised so that's exactly what you would
expect to happen if in fact your design
of how you collect data was wrong and
delegated to the people who had the most
interest in lying to you the current
situation let's see what else um how
about our uh numbers about crime do you
think our crime statistics that come
from the government are pretty good
pretty accurate no because some people
stopped collecting crime and then they
started just making stuff up and I think
we're all aware at this point that the
crime numbers are made up would you
agree and even when they're not made up
they put it in the wrong context like
comparing to the pandemic versus not the
pandemic which is no comparison at all
so we don't have jobs numbers that are
real and we don't have crime numbers
that are real and it's because the
government is in charge of those numbers
and there is no scenario in which the
government wants you to have real
numbers every scenario no matter who's
in charge they want it to look like it's
good for their team
period so if you were to ask private
companies to get you information let's
say drug companies to do drug studies
what you what should you expect if you
were going to put that design if you
were going to design that system on
paper all right the people who could
make a billion dollars if the drug is
safe are in charge of telling you that
the data says it's
safe what do you expect yeah the design
of the system system guarantees that all
important data is fake we've designed
the
system see you have to understand that
it's a system design problem it's not a
bunch of people who have made a mistake
coincidentally in each of these uh
important domains that's not what's
going on there's no no mistakes
happening people have a great interest
in making
assumptions that will drive the numbers
the way they want them to be driven and
whoever collects numbers gets to make
the assumptions oh these numbers are
good enough they're in these numbers
don't look Dependable to me I'll leave
these out that's how it
works all right uh let's see female doct
there's another study says female
doctors have a a far greater risk of
taking their own life than even male
doctors but you know higher than other
professions now when I used to be a
banker it was my job to make loans to
doctors and dentists and professionals
like that for a while that was my job
and one of the risks of making loans to
medical professionals especially
dentists is that they had unusually high
rates of taking their own lives dentists
in particular have like career-wise are
right at the top of taking their own
lives uh I'm not surprised that doctors
may be a little higher and that female
doctors are the highest
and I have a hypothesis to add to this
you know the the obvious things would be
that being a doctor isn't as good as it
used to be and you know you don't have
the same Prestige and you know the work
is terrible and a lot of the time you're
just doing work that's just busy work to
make sure you stayed up all night
because for some reason the the medical
field wants to torture you when you're a
new doctor I I've never understood that
to make you stay up 21 hours and all
that stuff but um here's my
hypothesis since all of those things
would be pretty common male or female I
think it's access to
pills if you were a doctor how and you
were deciding to end it all wouldn't you
do it with
pills I would think so and if you had
access to them because you could get all
you
wanted I would think that would explain
most of it actually you it seems like
there are a lot of people who probably
think about doing something to
themselves but it's sort of hard you
know you're not quite sure how to do it
in a way that you'd be willing to do it
but if your job was giving out pills and
you could get all you
wanted I if you could have asked me you
didn't have to do the study Scott do you
think that the industry that can get all
the uh all the tools of taking your own
life very easily do you think they would
have higher rates of doing it I'd say
yeah probably if you can get exactly the
tool and it's easier for you
sure well it looks like uh the headlines
say that Andrew Tate has been detained
Again by the Romanian officials so so he
got arrested do you know what is the
weird part of this the headline says
Andrew Tate detained again in Romania
but you read it and it says you his
brother was picked up
too I I feel sorry for Andrew Tate's
brother
Tristan he's always the also guy Andrew
Tate gets picked up by the Romanian cops
and he was a brother
too so here's my question since we don't
know what those charges are and Tate
says he doesn't know what the charges
are based on what evidence he says
there's no evidence I don't have an
opinion about whether he did or did
anything
wrong I will state again that uh say
e even even a citizen of Romania is
innocent to proven guilty based on our
standards you know he hasn't been proven
guilty so he's innocent to proven guilty
in my personal standard of these things
uh but here's the question do you think
he would have been picked
up if there were not an American
election
coming I feel like he's one of those
people who can move young votes
especially young males
I think that maybe Romania was asked to
pick him up by somebody associated with
the United States because he's exactly
the kind of person you want to take off
the
field when you know people under
30 are looking to figure out who to vote
for after not thinking about it until
the last minute he's exactly the kind of
person they don't they don't want
talking for the next few
months to me this looks very suspicious
the timing looks suspicious the lack of
you know any obvious evidence that we
could see the public can see of guilt
and again I want to be very clear it's
not my job to defend them from any
charges I have no idea what they did or
did not
do I have no no awareness of any of that
I'm just saying that if I were to if you
would ask me to guess would they be
picked up just about now I think I might
have put a bet on it if you'd said all
right take a bet uh give me give me your
bet would you bet that the Tates would
be
rearrested and maybe never charged you
know just taking off the field and
taking off the social media uh before
the American election would you place a
bet on that I think I would have I think
I would have placed a bet on that that
they would be arrested again only
because they're effective people listen
to them they have a big platform form
and they're you know presumably they're
going to be more Pro Trump than Pro
Biden or Pro uh Pro Comm
Harris anyway there's a report that the
Chinese tech companies are hiring quote
cheerleaders to motivate the programmers
now based on the photo the cheerleaders
would look like they would be
heterosexual uh attractive young women
whose job they say is to do stuff like
buy breakfast for the programmers uh
have a conversation with them and play
pingpong now if that's
true America just has to give up and
surrender because we can't compete with
that no what what if our programers
suddenly found it enjoyable to go to
work well that would be pretty sexist
yeah this sounds so sexist that could
never happen in the United States so we
can never compete with this these happy
programmers but maybe American
programmers work harder because they
know they have to get rich if they want
a
girlfriend so that's pretty that's
plenty of incentive they probably have
all the incentive they need right
now all
right so um there's a report that uh
Osama Bin Laden once said and and it
must be in a document somewhere that
we've captured after Bin Laden got taken
down but apparently there's some
document in which he was saying it would
be okay for Al-Qaeda to try to
assassinate Obama during during Obama's
term but they wanted to make sure that
they didn't assassinate Joe Biden the
vice president do you know why Bin Laden
thought it would be acceptable and
desirable to assassinate the president
of the United States but not the vice
president do do you know what his
reasoning is for that well allegedly his
reasoning is that Joe Biden was
incompetent and it would be really good
luck for Al-Qaeda if he ever became
president of the United States because
he would destroy the United States with
his own bumbling
incompetence that was Bin
Laden now do you believe
that I kind of believe
it it's a little too on the nose so may
maybe I'll put a little skepticism in
there I think that would be more
appropriate yeah I think I was falling
to the Trap of wanting to believe it
because it was a good recreational story
like oh that's a good fun
story but I don't really think Bin Laden
had that Insight actually the more I
think about it I'm going to call it
false I think I'm gonna call this one
fake news you know maybe there's some
document but who knows who made it seems
a little fake newsy I don't know seems
like Russian disinformation to me no it
doesn't but uh so I'm going to use the
it's a little little too close to
exactly what some people would want to
hear to make me believe it happened just
that
way but here's a weird thing do you know
if you took the name Bin Laden and
simply removed the letters NL and a that
all happen they all happen they're next
to each other so if you take Bin Laden
and remove some of the letters n LNA
a do you know what you
have Biden
you literally can't spell Bin Laden
without
Biden I don't know if the simulation is
telling us something but there it
is anyway there's a story that one of
the officials in the government um
nuclear uh nuclear weapons
departments is uh trying to make the
nuclear weapons group uh way gayer so uh
it's the national nuclear security
administration's Special Assistant uh
named uh
ner that's the last name ner n a i r
anyway made it clear that she uh she
wants to get rid of all the white
supremacy in the
nuclear nuclear weapons group get rid of
the white supremacy in the nuclear field
and she wants to uh you know gay up the
nuclear weapons as part of the diversity
equity and
inclusion so there's actually somebody
who's feeling that the important thing
about nuclear
war is to make sure that diverse people
launch them so that when we all die in a
giant nuclear
Fireball we can say ah I'm melting but
at least diversity was
achieved that's my impression of dying
after nuclear blast probably not to on
point probably not
now am I saying that I don't want any
gay people working in nuclear weapons no
obviously I'm not saying that am I
saying that it would be bad to have
diversity no I'm not saying that am I
saying that a Dei hire is necessarily
incompetent no I'm not saying that what
I'm saying is if you design a
system where one of the top
priorities is not oh let's say avoiding
a nuclear war or winning one if you have
to be in one if your top priority of any
individual who's got power in that
organization is to make sure you have
more diversity you've designed a system
for failure and almost guaranteed
nuclear war if you said to me what would
be a good way to create a nuclear war
I'd say well stop hiring based strictly
on Merit and make sure you got a got a
good good diversity in there again no
complaints about anybody's genes or
gender preference or gender or any of
that that has nothing to do with any my
points my point is that if you force a
certain population no matter who they
are and you you force them into the city
or into the system you're going to get
incompetence so there's somebody whose
job is to inject incompetence into our
nuclear uh operation
you know you'd think there'd be some
limit to how stupid we could be but
apparently not there's no limit to how
stupid we could
be but we're very diverse um what time
is RFK Jr going to make his announcement
today so
allegedly and I'm not sure the reports
are completely reliable but allegedly
RFK Jr was going to suspend his campaign
and maybe even endorse
Trump I don't I don't feel that that's
100%
certain I think there's a good chance of
it you know if I had to bet I'd bet that
it's going to happen and here's the
amazing
thing like how is that even possible
that somebody who's family and and he
were just life to him Democrats how how
badly do you have to abuse
somebody before a Kennedy will
become potentially endorsing a
Republican
you've got to be really really really
terrible
people and I think RFK Jr is just
reacting to how he was being treated so
I would also point out that if you gave
a quiz to people who didn't know who the
people involved were for this quiz you
said all right here's a list of
characteristics of JFK so President
JFK you know what was he all about just
describe why he wanted and his policies
and then do a description of
trump and what he wanted but you take
out all the hyper so that you're just
factually saying JFK wanted this stuff
Trump wants this stuff I think that
would look kind of
similar don't
you there wouldn't there wouldn't be
that much difference between what JFK
thought was a good idea and what Trump
thinks is a good idea
so it's not that big of a leap weirdly
because the Democrats became you know
wildly left Progressive and crazy and uh
Trump is you know obviously he's you
know more Republican than Democrat but
if you were to look at a historical
model uh Trump is pretty common sensical
so I don't even see Trump as being on
the right I I never have really I mean
he has to fit somewhere because we like
to put things in boxes so I get that
he's in that box but I just see all of
his policies as not having a right or
left Dimension to them am I the only one
I I just don't see right or left in what
he does because he shows you his
work he he says this works this doesn't
this makes sense this doesn't and you
could look at it yourself and you could
say okay there there's precedent for why
this would work and there's you know no
precedent for why this stupid idea would
work he just seems like the common sense
obvious path kind of
guy anyway so people are saying would
RFK Jr join a trump Administration Trump
has acted positively about it I don't
know if RFK Jr has ever answered it I
think you don't answer those questions
while you're running but I'm still
fascinated by how many gools you could
imagine RFK Jr taking this is real
compliment to RFK Jr because you know I
always talk about Talent Stacks you want
to get as many talents as you can so
you're ready for anything
so you could you could easily imagine
RFK Jr being the head of the CIA to
clean it up you could imagine him being
a head of the FDA you could imagine him
being attorney
general uh maybe there's five more jobs
the that you can imagine him being the
top
advisor um but whatever he does I would
love to see him be in charge of food and
medical drug
testing so that we'd have some chance of
getting at least a clearer picture of
those things so
um anyway I also
wonder has it ever been confirmed that
RFK Jr has testosterone
supplements has he ever talked about
that I feel like I sort of maybe
remember he mentioned it because his his
muscular development suggests that he's
doing something that's both legal and
very effective um for muscle
development so do we know that he's had
his testosterone boosted or is it just
obvious I'm seeing some yeses but here
here's the interesting
thing do you think that he would cons
consider citing or endorsing
Republicans if he had not boosted his
testosterone think about
it I I think it I think it's the
defining
factor and let me tie this into my next
story which is uh you know CNN and MSNBC
covering the uh the Democrat convention
they were trying to sell the fact that
uh Doug
mof and Tim wals are the example of the
new male role
models and that they were different from
and this is actually what the
commentators were saying this is not me
saying it it was different from the the
testosterone filled you know Macho
Republican people and so both MSNBC and
CNN's the women the the female pundits
and observer
were saying that the Democrats have this
new model of male optimal male Behavior
which is supporting a woman being your
boss and that if you could be more let's
say less Macho Hulk Hogan and you know
less Dana White and more Doug emof and
more Tim wals that that's the model that
the Democrats want to put forward as you
know modern male leadership
and and then RFK Jr comes along he's
just like bristling with muscles and
he's willing to to skin a dead
bear and he he just doesn't he just
doesn't fit their
model so I'm going to say
again do you think now I'm making an
assumption here that if we assume that
he's at least friendly with the Trump
campaign do we think that he would have
any chance of endorsing or work working
with Trump if he had not boosted his
testosterone which if I haven't told you
this before your body and your brain are
the same organ your body is your brain
If RFK Jr's body is Rippling with a high
level of
testosterone that's his brain and it
would make him way less likely to be a
farle left
so don't rule out that this is entirely
chemical I don't think it's about issues
and facts because the issues are all
lies and the facts are all lies but you
can see testosterone and you could look
at the the people attending the the DNC
and you don't see
any it looks like all the testosterone
went to another city that
day anyway so we'll keep an eye out
waiting what's the time for the RFK Jr
announcement does anybody know when
that's slated to happen I haven't seen
anything about that yet anyway we'll
look for that um this story is funny
there's a story I guess the government's
probably saying this that both Russia
and Iran are quote waging operations to
influence the US
elections all right so the idea is that
um professional
trolls from Russia and from Iran are
trying to spread
disinformation or or put their finger on
the uh the scales for our
election do you see anything about that
story that is funny I
do everything about our election is
disinformation how are they going to add
any extra disinformation you're watching
the DNC and 100% of what every person
said was a lie 100% there wasn't I don't
think there was any anything honest that
came out of the entire thing so far the
news is completely fake our data is
completely made up and the citizens
don't even know the made up stuff if you
stop them on the street they barely know
the name of the people running for
president so in this
context do you think that the Russian
and Iranian trolls are going to make a
difference let me put this in context
for you okay because remember that
Russia
had that troll Farm in 2016 and I I
laughed when I saw their memes like
these memes look like they were made in
high school there's no way no way that
had any influence on the
election all right here's what I think
imagine the Grand
Canyon all right you got that picture in
your mind gigantic Canyon now imagine if
the entire Canyon was filled with uh cow
feces
it was just full of cow crap not just to
the top but like you know 100 feet above
the top every bit of the Grand Canyon
full of feces now now imagine a pigeon
flies over the Grand Canyon that's
overflowing with cow feces and the
pigeon poops on top of
it that's the that's all of the Russian
and Iranian trolls
you put them all together and they're
one pigeon pooping on top
of a gigantic Canyon full of
 to if you imagine that they could
have any impact when everything's
already lie 100% of what's what both
sides are talking about is just
is just completely left-handed context
stuff and things that aren't even true
and lies and hoaxes
there's no way that Russia or Iran could
add anything to that mix that would make
it worse than what it is without their
help they can't make that worse in what
way could you make that
worse to me that's just hilarious it's
so it's so ridiculously not a risk that
I can't even believe we're talking about
it I I guess there's still an illusion
that some of our information is real and
that if they added their little you know
pigeon poop of misinformation that
suddenly our our delicate balance of
correct information would be set off
there's no correct
information good luck
Birds uh there's a report in the
Washington Free Beacon that some Soros
funded fake News network is operating in
uh Nevada now now it's literally an
entity that tries to look like a real
news entity but their only purpose is
fake
news for the benefit of Democrats so
you've got a Soros funded entity that's
literally doing fake news stuff and when
I say fake news I don't mean they're
real news that says things are fake
they're not even a real news entity
they're just pretending to be on so they
can do fake stuff now that's what that's
what's happening without Russia and
Iran they can't compete with Soros
he he's already got the misinformation
the thing all wrapped
up well but at least the government is
forthcoming with information when
citizens or congress ask for it oh wait
also the Washington Free Beacon is
saying that uh Biden Harris
Administration there stonewalling
Congress who is asking for information
about the US
nonprofits that may or may not have been
behind bankrolling the pramas
protesters
so uh the there's a house Ed and
oversight committee they want to
subpoena the information apparently the
government has some kind of information
that would say what kind of
nonprofits were funding the protesters H
wouldn't you like to know that well I
would but the government isn't going to
tell it do you know why because it might
be accurate
information have I ever mentioned to you
that if information matters it's all
fake well this might be a situation
where they have some real information
and the oversight committee would like
to see it because it might really matter
who is funding them and that will not be
made available according to the current
situation they're just going to ignore
the request because the last thing the
government wants is accurate information
in the public
all right uh there's a September
interest rate cut that's likely say all
the smart people uh how many of you
could have predicted that there would be
an interest rate cut in the few months
before the
election well maybe it's a
coincidence maybe the people who are
supposedly
independent uh in this interest rate
stuff maybe they're not so
independent but I'm pretty sure that I
could have predicted it so what does it
mean that I could have predicted it if
you had asked me six months ago Scott do
you think that the administration in
charge would be so lucky that the
independent the independent you know the
the FED would uh lower the interest rate
just to make everything look wonderful
before election I would have said yes
now it could be that that was just going
to happen anyway because that was a
natural evolution of the economy
me but I'd like to point out I would
have predicted it for whatever that's
worth well the DNC is uh rolling on I
have a real trouble watching it because
it creeps me out is anybody else having
that like I really wanted to watch more
of the DNC because it felt like I should
be informed but the more I thought about
it it's not really moving anybody's
needle anywhere is it
how many people could possibly stomach
watching the DNC who had not already
totally made up their mind that this is
their team who in the world who is just
casually interested in politics and has
not yet made up their mind could watch
that it was just completely unwatchable
crap oh my God and then Tim wals comes
out and he's I don't know if he's
adopted this just for the campaign or
it's natural but he's gesticulating
wildly to the crowd and these these
somewhat exaggerated you know his hand
when when when Harris is waving to the
crowd she puts one hand up and wals is
standing right next to her and he's got
two hands
up first of all do not gesticulate more
than the top of the ticket so Tim Walls
can I give you some advice goes like
this if you're stay standing right next
to the top of the ticket and the top of
the ticket has one hand up you know
waving to the crowd and accepting their
Applause don't put both hands up and
don't act like you're jumping up and
down because you're taking attention
from the top of the ticket that's not
cool that's not cool at
all you you need to be a vice president
so act like a freaking vice president
look what look what the top of the
ticket is doing body language wise and
do
that even if your instinct is not to do
that that's your job your job is to do
that do what she's doing was was Harris
handling it better than him I thought
so I I think a professional approach to
massive Applause makes you look pretty
strong right but jumping up and down
because you got the
Applause makes you look like a
cheerleader so I'm going to compliment
Harris she looked like like a
leader Tim Walls looked like a
cheerleader I guess they're both leaders
but one's a
cheerleader um and then if you didn't
see it there is a hilarious meme of
Richard Simmons now deceased I believe
uh Richard Simmons who is the uh the
exercise guru who was very effusive and
you know when when he would come out to
the crowd he'd be you know both hands
are up and he'd be dancing and bowing
and blowing kisses stuff and you see it
side by side with Tim wals coming out to
greet the crowd it does look like
Richard
Simmons
now to me and I'm GNA say it
again Tim wals is so creepy I just can't
even stand a second of him and it's not
because he's a Democrat right I I could
watch Obama all day long I could watch
Bill Clinton all day long even Hillary
Clinton who I really really didn't like
as a candidate I mean I I didn't have
you know like a creepy reaction to it I
just didn't like her but he gives me a
genuine creep out does anybody else get
that and I don't know what it's about I
I don't have a specific idea what what's
behind that but oh my God the creepiness
level is just off the chart I think
that's why he started with the weird
thing to take pressure off himself being
so creepy
that's just my take um let's see then
the DC mostly wanted to talk about
Trump's character and some hoaxes and
lies about
Trump um and they didn't mention crime
of course because that's not a strong
topic of theirs but they want you to
know that Trump's a bad person he's so
bad Trump's bad Their audience will
never notice that their focus on Trump
is because they're trying to make you
forget that they don't have the goods
and that the things they've suggested
for policies are batshit crazy they're
not just Democrat versus Republican they
they found a whole new category that's
neither Democrat nor Republican is just
guaranteed
failure yeah her her tax plan and you
know well we've talked about it
um so I'll say again that I think all
the hoaxes about Trump that the DNC
speakers have presented you they
continue find people hoax drinking
bleach hoax hoax hoax hoax I think they
know they're not
true and they know that if they can make
the Republicans get mad and talk about
it oh they're hoaxing us again they're
hoaxing us that they'll have less
pressure to talk about policies or to
have Harris in front of the press so as
a distraction the hoaxes are really
working worked on
me well Oprah is at the DN and she said
uh quote I have been on the receiving
end of racism sexism and income
inequality but somehow she fought
through and now she's worth billions of
dollars and got invited to the DNC
so anyway but here's the funniest part
of that um the way CNN was covering her
speech so CNN's got the camera on Oprah
and Oprah's uh going on and Oprah says
and by the way the Vigilant Fox um
account on X C this that uh Oprah wire
is talking and mocking JD Vance she's
mocking him uh about the childless cat
lady uh comment and as hoprah is mocking
him about childless cat ladies CNN
decides to cut to a closeup of a
audience member who is a woman who may
or may not be child
and a cat lady now there's no mention of
whether she's childless or a cat lady
but the fact that they cut to
her was
hilarious and childless cat ladies and
suddenly there's this big old face of
somebody somebody in the audience who's
really could have been you I don't know
but she could be a childless cat lady
she had that
look all right um
Bill Clinton uh was a speaker too and uh
he hilariously mispronounced Kamala as
camela now am I the only person who's
noticed how many uh Black Americans call
Kamala
Kamala black Americans do not pronounce
her name correctly white Americans do
not pronounce her name correctly L
president ex-presidents do not pronounce
your name
correctly maybe it's the
name maybe it's the
name uh there's something about that
name that's difficult to remember how
how to pronounce it now part of the
reason it's hard to remember how to
pronounce it is that so many people who
are in the business are mispronouncing
it if I didn't see people who should
know how to do a corly consistently
doing it wrong I would remember it
correctly so maybe it's just the
name can can we find a little Common
Ground
there I I would believe we we should all
be able to meet at this place which is
we'd all like to use people's proper
name you know if we're being polite
human beings we do want to use their
name
correctly but it's
hard uh I think that's the the better uh
framing is it's just our name to
remember you know nobody needs a
nickname more than she does she needs a
nickname like a positive nickname from
her own team something something that
isn't
coach try trying think go Tim walz coach
is just giving me every creepy Vibe oh
my God I just I can't even watch
it anyway MSNBC is Rachel madow
she was uh on air talking about uh the
how happy everybody was that Tim wals
was giving his speech and she actually
said this about the onair talent at
MSNBC that they were literally got up
and danced in
Jubilation to toh Tim
wals that's the
news so the news people who job it is to
tell you the news now obviously they're
opinion people but they're on a news
network uh they say they they danced in
Jubilation you nobody yeah thank you I I
see the wrap up messages I'll I'll wrap
up pretty soon um I've got about five
more minutes so I should be fine thank
you anyway
um well that tells you everything you
need to know if if they're literally
dancing to the happiness that one team
could win Daniel Dale the most uh
embarrassing job in the world which is
to be the political fact Checker and
ignore most of the lies by one side uh
they brought him on to fact check the
claim by one of the DNC people that
Trump wrote a project 2025 which he did
not so Daniel Dale to his credit says
that Trump is not named as an author of
the
document and then he went on to debunk
all of the other no he didn't
now I don't know what else Daniel Dale
debunked but I guarantee he didn't
debunk any of the big
ones so I think you have to see this
debunk in the context of
misinformation here's
why if you were watching that and you
saw that the only thing that got
debunked was that one Claim about that
document which has the authors listed
right on it but Daniel Dale could say
he's not listed as an author
that is a fake fact check what makes it
fake is not that it's wrong because it's
actually right what makes it fake is if
you watch the network and that's the
only thing that got fact checked you
would believe the other you'd
say well they would fact check it they
got this guy whose only job is to fact
check so all that other stuff must be
true so Daniel Dale actually ended up
being the person who's most responsible
for spreading fake news
by factchecking
correctly only this one thing in this
sea of other fake news or at least fake
claims so uh that's humiliating to be
him and I can't even imagine how he
sleeps at night honestly I mean he must
feel that he's part of a huge
disinformation campaign how could he not
feel that and how can you be okay with
that if your your only job is lying and
you're okay with it
anyway kim.com
uh noted that the poly Market I guess
that's a betting Market uh now has Trump
handily up on Harris 53 to 46 they were
recently tied and even before that
Harris was slightly had and as kim.com
uh cleverly says the more they talk the
more they
drop so the longer the DNC goes on the
betting markets are like uh maybe
not not so much maybe
not right uh I'll wrap it up in a minute
here um we just found out that Thomas
krooks the attempted assassin
guy um his we knew he had encrypted
messaging apps but now we know that
they're on platforms located in Belgium
New Zealand and
Germany now as general Flynn noted
we knew that probably in 24 hours we
meaning the government knew it why did
they wait till now to tell us and by the
way by the way Belgium New Zealand and
Germany what possible reason would you
have to use an encrypted app that is
platformed in those
countries well to keep the United States
from seeing your plans would be one but
it does suggest there might be some
foreign involvement it doesn't it's not
evidence for it but it's a situation
which would be cond conducive to
it it's hard for me to imagine that this
kid had enough wherewithal and knowledge
to use these foreign encrypted
apps but if he were being let's say
managed by somebody in an intelligence
group either domestic or foreign they
could certainly Point him toward those
things and say you know you should be
off the grid you'd better use these
foreign encrypted apps because America's
in the back door of
ours so curiouser and curiouser all
right the funniest thing is that the the
head of Hamas
senoir uh he's added a requirement to
the ceasefire negotiations he is uh
politely asking if they do a ceasefire
could you please not kill
me so so one of the requirements of the
ceasefire is that Israel has to promise
not to kill the guy who was in charge of
October
7th let me see if I can uh take a bet on
whether Israel will accept that they
will let the Mastermind of the October
7th uh
Slaughter uh live so that they can get a
ceasefire
no so there are two possibilities either
either Israel will say no we're not
going to agree with that and then they
kill him or Israel says oh we took
totally agree with that and then they
kill
him here's what's not in question Israel
is going to kill him there is 100%
chance they're going to kill
them they might do it today they might
do it tomorrow it could take eight years
they're G to kill them there's
nothing that's going to stop it and by
the way if you were Israel you'd feel
the same way now am I uh encouraging it
promoting it embracing it I'm not even
involved I'm just observing there's
nothing that will stop Israel from
killing that guy and you do the
same thing so I don't have an opinion on
it no opinion is needed it's we we'll
just watch what happens and there's only
one way it
goes so he's pretty dead that ladies and
gentlemen is the end of my show I've got
to do some veterinarian stuff with my
dog she's got a torn ACL and so she's
not too happy but we're going to see
about getting that fixed if we can
thanks for joining uh I can't I can't go
private with you today on locals because
I got to run but thanks for joining and
uh I'll see you tomorrow and locals I'll
see you in the man cave tonight and bye
for now everybody have a great
day I think there's a little delay here
so this will be my 202nd fake delay
while I'm waiting for the feed to catch
up so it doesn't seem like I cut you
off okay I think that's long enough