I'm pom pom pom hey everybody come on in
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
there will be cursing yeah
a little bit later there will be cursing
I know I know I know I said I wouldn't
do it anymore it's it's bad for my
monetization and it's certainly
inappropriate in many situations but
some days you just have to do it but
we'll get to that first the good news
you can enjoy the simultaneous sip it's
that great feeling that starts your day
and all you need is a cup or a mug or a
glass so take your chelators Dhyana
canteen jagrafess a little bitty guy and
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
it's called the simultaneous sip go ah
good morning San Ramon neighbor good to
see you so I want to start with some
good news and a positive thing oh we're
gonna get to the corona virus we're
gonna get to Roger stone but let's do
some good news first
so yesterday I got a package in the mail
and I want to tell you about how that
went
this is a marketing story it's a
persuasion lesson okay so I get a I get
something in the mail and I open it up
and it's this this box there's something
in it and something sort of heavy so
that I think what could it be now the
first part of the story is this is a
really good box it's it's not quite
Apple computer quality where you're
opening you're at your iPhone and it's
it's like an essential experience
but it's not bad it's not bad it's sort
of a smooth thing and just sort of slid
open pretty well and I open it up and
there's some in there and after you
have to sort of dig around in the
packing I start taking out items and the
first one I see is this wd-40 like what
well why somebody suddenly need wd-40
and then the next thing I take out is
this tape it's a black electrical tape
what and then the next thing is these
goggles right and then I get to you the
real meat of it this book it's called
the friction by Roger Dooley now you'll
see that I just did his podcast and it's
in in my Twitter feed you can find the
link to it so my interview with him now
I talked about friction all the time on
the podcast and I think Roger Dooley was
yeah maybe that may have been one of the
reasons he wanted to talk to me and
interview me and he sent me his book now
here's the here's the the payoff here a
lot of people send me books I try to
discourage it because my house would
actually just be full of books because
if you can imagine how many authors
would like me to been in their book
and you know it's a common practice to
send a book out to other people now I
don't know hundreds of people over my
career hundreds and hundreds have sent
me books and the mail and usually it's
just wrapped in a mailer and you open it
up and it'll be a little note on the
inside and I'll pay much attention to
them and I don't read them generally and
then I have something I don't want to
throw away but eventually I do so
generally everybody fails at that task
of getting my attention but this one
caused me to stop and focus and that
gave me things I can't throw away I'm
not going to throw this away
right and it's the size I wouldn't buy I
actually have wd-40 in the garage but I
don't have this size so every time I see
this I'm gonna say uh that's a Roger
Dooley book friction and and then the
the because of the book is called
friction he's got something about
friction in there and then the goggles
there was a little note very nice little
note that came with it for Roger
explaining that the goggles are so you
can see the friction etc now it's a book
I think that involves persuasion and
friction
I haven't dug into it yet I hear good
things about it got great reviews and
here's my point
look how different the level of
marketing skill was in this example
compared to basically everybody else
everybody else so it's quite memorable
let me promise you I am never gonna do
this again I'm never going to open a
cleverly packaged book and then show it
on periscope so if you're an author and
you just said to yourself aha now I know
what to do I can get some attention if I
send a cleverly packaged book it only
works once I'm never gonna do this again
don't send me another cleverly packaged
book it's not gonna work all right
but this was a great job Roger Dooley if
your book is as good as your marketing
you should all read that book alright
let's talk about the coronavirus first
there are 570 confirmed cases of it
outside of China but there should be
let's say there's a 2% death rate so
that would be around 11 people who
should have died outside of China who
were not actually just people who were
in China just recently and I'm still
waiting for the reports of non non Asian
deaths I think there was an 80 year old
who died recently
not sure that counts because any kind of
a flu can take out an 80 year old
so we still have that open question
whether there's something about this
virus that has a preference for the
speculation is there something about the
the receptors and the lungs of of Asian
men in particular more southern women
well we'll say so I would say that's
just an open question I'm still waiting
and the the absence of confirmation that
it's affecting everybody equally is
starting to get noticeable isn't it so
we'll wait for that think a little bit
into the future and see how we're going
to handle the next pandemic so I hope
we're doing a good job in this one by
the think a little bit in the future and
imagine the technology that we'll have
China in particular of course will have
the ability to remove and already have
remove all sense of privacy so the
Chinese basically they're losing their
privacy in the United States I'm gonna
guess that our penetration of cellphones
here is probably higher smartphones then
it China if you look at the entire
country of China so our country in
theory already has the technological
ability maybe not the will and maybe not
the legal authority but certainly the
technological ability exists for our
government to immediately know where
everybody who has a phone is imagine so
so that's the first thing so in the
future we'll know where everybody is and
in theory that would be enough to tell
you who is associating with who and you
could quickly clamp down on a pandemic
because you say oh this little cluster
send a text to their phones and tell
them to wait there that's just an
example so most of them wait there some
of them don't but you can still follow
them you catch up to them
so but also what if a technology like
that Clearview app someday in the future
could identify somebody who recently
traveled to China because I assume that
in some databases somewhere
there must be records of of who traveled
we're aware those records exist but you
have to think that any plane coming in
from the United States we probably have
some kind of accounting of where they
came from right I mean that seems
obvious so suppose you had the Clear
View app which identifies the faces of
people and puts an identity on them
right at the moment it's being used by
law enforcement and maybe you can assume
it it's always only used by law
enforcement but I assume that kind of
app if it's not that one some other one
will be generally available imagine
having your your augmented reality
glasses on snapchat is making one I
think Google's got one I'm sure Apple
Apple has one and you're walking down a
public street and you've got something
like the Clear View app technology that
can recognize faces and put identities
to them and then only if there's a
pandemic and remember this part because
this is the part if you don't if you
don't catch this bar you'll have a
totally different idea of it only in an
emergency and only in a pandemic let's
say this is hypothetical we're just
brainstorming here let's say the
government of the United States says oh
in this one case we're gonna let that
facial recognition app have access also
to the database of who's just been in
China so imagine walking down the street
crowd is going by and one of the people
in the crowd crowd is just glowing you
know it just has an aura around them and
that's how your augmented reality has
identified that it's recognized the face
and matched it to a database and found
out that person just came from China
you'd keep your distance right
you walk into a coffee shop you look
around you're like whoops sitting at
that table I'm out so I don't know if
this would work I don't know if you know
the the violations of privacy you might
be so extreme that we never do it maybe
the entities involved would never be
able to coordinate you can see lots of
reasons why there would be obstacles
this but the technology's all there all
the technology is there and all it's
going to take is one pandemic that's
like the the bad one I don't know if
coronavirus will rise to the level of
you know big enough to change how we do
business I'm not sure if they will they
might but I think there's a guarantee
that someday our phones our apps will
allow us to avoid contamination and tamp
down on it I think that's a guarantee I
would say if you fast-forward 10 years
pandemics will be handled by app that
that would be my prediction all right of
course not not the up alone but the app
would be a big part of it all right bill
Barr is reviewing the Roger stone
sentence because nine years seemed like
a lot should have been closer to two or
three say some people but apparently
according to trey Gowdy there's some
kind of enhancements that were added to
that had something to do with what stone
did and maybe I don't know the details
but there's some kind of enhancement
that allowed the judge to give him nine
years that seemed excessive to pretty
much everybody who didn't hate the
president so Barr is looking into it and
the president waited on it now what do
you think about the president weighing
in on a question in the justice system
well all the smart people say the same
thing trey Gowdy said this probably
everybody will say this doesn't matter
if you're Republican or Democrat there's
a general sense that you don't want the
president to be putting his finger on
the scale the Justice Department should
do its thing and the president should
just stay quiet and let it play out I
agree with that 99% of the time but 1%
of the time or some small number there's
going to be a violation of justice so
blatant
so obvious so disgusting so divisive to
the country that it would be an
abdication of responsibility for the
president not to step in it would be a
miscarriage of justice so if your
president steps in on the extreme case
one that is clear to everybody watching
it I think it is and I'll talk a little
bit about why it's so clear but I think
is clear to everyone who sees it there's
something wrong with that the nine-year
thing all right and it looks there are
at least two things wrong with it one is
the extremeness of the or the degree of
the penalty more than you know some
pedophiles and bank robbers get but
beyond that we're now learning that at
least one of the jurors and I think it
was the jury foreperson was not only an
attorney which you say to yourself what
but somebody who ran for office as a
Democrat is an anti-trump ER and was
pushing online on social media the the
Russia collusion exactly the person you
don't want on a trial for Roger stone I
mean I don't know how a lawyer gets on
it on a jury to begin with I mean that
alone is already a little you know a
little flag but I you know I think in
some cases lawyers do serve but if
you're a known anti-trump ER and you've
got a long history of it and it's
documented and and you're an attorney
and they make you the foreperson how is
that not the most obvious miscarriage of
justice you've ever heard of yeah that's
somebody's reminding me in the comments
that jury foreman was tweeting anti
Trump Trump stuff during the trial
during the trial now here's something
I'm going to add to the mix I've served
on jury trials and one in one case in my
20s I was selected as the jury
or person now that it's funny the reason
I was selected the reason I was selected
is I'm the only person who wore a suit
to the - every day and the reason was I
was going to work before and after that
at a bank and I was just fitting and you
know the jury trial in the middle and
then I would just walk back to work
because it was pretty close to work so I
was wearing my work clothes which in
back in those backward times was a suit
so the other juror said well or 11 of us
in casual clothes and there's this guy
in the suit so who are we gonna pick for
the jury foreperson how about soup guy
so I became the jury foreperson because
I accidentally wore a suit accidentally
meaning coincidentally and as you all
know because I mentioned it too often
even by then I was a trained hypnotist
what kind of fair trial do you get if
your jury foreperson is a trained
hypnotist well I've said this before I
don't know that the other eleven people
were necessary because things were kind
of gonna go the way I wanted them to go
how do you think it turned out things
went the way I wanted them to go it
didn't start that way you know on the on
the first vote it was very different
from how it ended up and if you would
get if you're guessing that it ended up
very similar to what the hypnotist who
was also the jury foreperson wanted it
to end up as well you would be correct
was that a fair trial well I think it
was fair because the result was a hung
jury and I don't think that they tried
it again because it was something like 6
& 6 so you I don't think you'd normally
try a case again it was a drunk driving
case I don't think you try it again if
it's a hung jury 6 & 6 but maybe there's
some exception to that just so you know
there were some extenuating
circumstances etc so it wasn't as clear
as it wasn't an obvious guilty thing as
you might imagine
so here's the thing if you put a trained
attorney who is also a Trump hater on a
jury does an attorney have more
influence than the other people on the
jury yeah of course of course
a trained attorney is going to have more
influence on the other jurors i I would
listen to an attorney if I were on a
trial in a jury and somebody I knew to
be an attorney or this is just as good
somebody who simply presented themselves
in a way an attorney would meaning that
they they spoke knowledgeably about the
law added some context they were
persuasive they were clear all the
things you would expect from a
professional attorney I wouldn't even
need to know they were an attorney but I
would imagine that they would influence
me just by being good at communicating
and persuading so I would think that you
could throw out the trial for no other
reason and it would be perfectly
legitimate than the fact that we've
discovered that the the jury foreperson
was exactly the last person you want
exactly the last person you want now
how'd it go him the other way let's say
there was a jury foreperson who was an
attorney but was pro-trump
and then let's say that the the result
was innocent you know 12 people in the
end decided to acquit let's say you quit
not innocent let's say they had decided
to acquit but the foreperson was also
kind of questionable in terms of bias
but questionable the other way would
that be okay with me yeah it would be it
would be because our system is designed
to have a very high threshold for
putting people in jail it's a high
threshold so if if the jury foreperson
can convince all the other people in my
extreme example they all agree in the
end I think that probably means the case
wasn't that strong you know I don't
think anybody could turn 11 jurors if it
was a slam-dunk
you know if the evidence was
here's the guy on video you know here
are the three witnesses who were part of
you know if it's that kind of a case
here's his DNA if it's that kind of a
case it doesn't matter how persuasive
the foreperson is but if there's a
little bit of judgment involved a little
bit of gray area or let's say that the
attorneys on both sides sort of fought
to a tie you know looked it looked like
they both made a good argument in those
cases a super influential person on the
jury is going to determine the outcome
you heard it from me all right Trump was
asked what impeachment taught him and he
gave the best answer I've ever said he
said that Democrats are crooked thanks
for coming um I just I just shortened
what he said into my own words but
essentially he said what do you what did
you learn from a teacher well I learned
that you know Democrats are vicious and
crooked and no more questions thanks for
coming it was kind of the best answer
I've ever seen for that kind of a
question all right but we're not done
with Roger stone that was just in my
notes in the wrong place so can somebody
you fact-checked be on this I first
noticed their reporting about this Roger
stone juror from Mike savage and then
not too long after that I saw lots of
tweeting and other news sources and now
it's headline news everywhere did sort
of its break this and are they not
giving him credit again because that's
happened right have there not been other
situations where Mike Tsarevich broke
his story became a national story and
then they they don't give him credit for
it because it's Mike sort of itch yeah
I'm seeing some confirmation here I
think that's the case and every time I
would read a story I'd started out and
saying okay somewhere in the first maybe
the second paragraph it's going to say
something like you know Mike Tsarevitch
broke this story and that I finished the
story it's like hmm where's Mike so
that's an open question
so I tweeted this morning what's the
difference I'm asking a lawyer so this
is an actual question it's not a I'm not
trying to win a point I'm actually
asking the question and it was in my
tweet and I asked is there any lawyer
who can explain to me whether the is it
accurate to say Brennan and clapper
broke the same or equivalent laws as
Roger stone now I keep hearing pundits
say something like that on social media
and on TV news but is that accurate I
think I would have to know a lot more
about their individual cases and a lot
more about the law and a lot more about
the precedent to even know the answer to
that question but or somebody's
clarifying that the juror outed your
cellphone's CNN but Mike is the one who
looked into her social media record and
found out there was a problem so I that
sounds right but let's just say I don't
know all the details there but I I
suspect that Mike Serna is not
getting the credit that is completely do
but well we'll wait and see so I don't
know the answer to that did Brennan and
clapper actually do something that's the
same as what Roger stone did or does it
just remind us of it but one is legal
and one is not because I don't know the
answer to that and I'd really like to
because that will determine how pissed
off I am that will determine how angry I
am now as somebody said cases are not
related meaning I shouldn't look at some
unrelated case of you know clapper and
Brennan and say well therefore I draw
judgment about this Roger stone thing
I'm not doing that I'm only trying to
decide how mad I should be because I can
certainly compare them to find out a mad
I should be I don't think that you know
either them should be entered as
evidence in the other trial or anything
like that but I'm a citizen I can watch
both of them
and I can say one is different from the
other if they are so I think it's fair
to know that question and I believe the
public is owed that answer the public is
owed that answer we really need to know
that because if you listen to the let's
say the right leaning media it's being
described as probably the most grotesque
miscarriage of justice I can ever I
don't know since oj or the yeah your
mileage may vary but what's worse than
this is it true is it true that brennan
clapper made the same you know broke the
same or some kind of equivalent law and
yet they're getting away with it and
nobody's even indicted is that is that
what's happening or or do I just not
understand the law and there's something
about their situation which is not
nearly as serious in terms of how the
law treats that as a Roger stone case I
don't know it's a question so here's
what's different about this case of
course everybody is asking if Trump will
pardon Roger stone and and general Flynn
similar situations in terms pardons and
I'm watching social media start to erupt
and I'm going to ask you this is the
president really going to make that
decision or is social media in the
process of making the decision and the
president will follow that decision
which one of those things is happening
right now
the way the way it will be reported is
that the president made the decision to
either pardon or commute or not so that
that's the way we'll understand it but I
don't know if that's what's happening
I suspect that part of the reason the
president is waiting is that there's
more information that could be very
important to that decision this
information about the juror is important
I don't know if there are any appeals
that that matter
and it could be that because it's an
election year I I hate to say this but
there's a good chance that the president
is saying to himself you know I don't
want him to go to jail here I'm just
speculating I can't read the president's
mind obviously but if I put myself in
that position this is what I'd be
thinking if I pardon him right away even
though I want to it's an election year
and then this will be used as a club
against me you can see the Democrats are
already framing this as as the president
becoming a dictator and interfering with
justice and what we do if you'll do this
and and so I wonder I hope he's not
waiting for the election to be over so
they can do it after the election let's
say you thinks he's going to win and
then he can pardon anybody wants and he
doesn't have to worry about re-election
maybe that's part of the decision I
don't know but the suggestion has been
made that there's a perfect time to do
this and I concur Super Tuesday Super
Tuesday if he's gonna do it would be my
pick uh-huh and I'm gonna ask this
directly mr. president would you use
Super Tuesday to counter program the
Democrats were gonna get a lot of
attention that day and do your pardons
just totally put a shiv into the into
the Democrat leaning news media because
I think they've earned it in this
situation in particular and Super
Tuesday is coming up what in the first
part of March I don't have the exact
date on that but it's coming up now I
don't know the timing of when stone
would have to report to prison if or
even if all the legal rebel paths have
been exhausted I don't know how that
works I don't know enough about the
legal process or his case but could the
president wait that long
without him spending a day in jail
I don't know would the president let him
spend a few days in jail and then do it
I don't know but the president was asked
directly whether he was considering
pardoning Roger stone and I don't have
his exact words but the president's
answer was something like somebody
saying March 3rd in the comments for
Super Tuesday but confirmed that for me
and the president gave this answer and
this I'm paraphrasing it wasn't his
exact words he said something like I'm
not ready to talk about that yet if
somebody is not considering a pardon how
do they answer the question are you
considering a pardon well the only way
you answer the question are you
considering a pardon if you're not is no
right so anything that isn't no I'm not
considering this I'm not going to be
involved anything that's not a no is
literally he's considering it so the
president has essentially confirmed by
his choice of words
that he's at least open to the
conversation and common sense tells you
he would be now let me ask you this what
would feel more delicious
then pardoning both stone and general
Flynn just for revenge because you know
I don't think revenge
I think revenge is underrated there are
certainly situations where a little bit
of revenge I'm not talking about killing
somebody but in a political sense
revenge it would feel like revenge
wouldn't it because you know that the
Democrats really really want some kind
of a scalp they want it bad yeah throw
Assange in the in the next two let's
pardon Assange doing and really make it
interesting
now Manafort i have a different opinion
on i'm sure they went after him for
political reasons but what they found
was real crime Manafort stole from from
me and he stole from you if you're a
taxpayer because what Manafort did was
avoid taxes
on very large amounts of money if
somebody criminally and obviously and
intentionally avoids taxes
well that that part of that data Cruz to
me and you if you're a taxpayer so man
afford stole from me
and you I don't have the same feeling
about a pardon for him yeah I'm not sure
I would care either way but Manafort did
a different level of badness Geraldo
Rivera asked this provocative question
so apparently there were four high-level
federal prosecutors who resigned over
over the fact that President Trump
tweeted about and AG bar was mostly
about bar he demanded a review or the
recommendation of a nine-year sentence
now and it's important to note that
Roger stone is 67 years old so a
nine-year sentence you know is at least
potentially a life sentence and here
Geraldo continues with what I thought
was a really good point
he says which begs the question why were
four high-level federal prosecutors even
assigned to this lame crimeless case why
were therefore have four high level
attorneys on this case now I wouldn't
have known to ask that question but I
think Geraldo knows what he's talking
about in terms of the legal system he's
a lawyer and you have to ask yourself is
that another gigantic flag that this was
not legitimate that they were going to
do everything they could to get this
this one person the maximum sentence it
looks it looks crooked based on how they
staffed it it looks crooked based on who
they allowed on the jury and it looks
crooked based on the degree of the at
least the initial initial nine-year
sentence and thinking that's that is
three really strong pieces of evidence
that this was a crooked process under
those conditions
do you want your president to stay let's
say traditional traditional should he
remain traditional and just say you know
it's traditional that a president not
get involved with the justice system
yeah I might even if I had a problem
with it its traditional
it might it might lack decorum should a
president you know
depart from good decorum to weigh in on
a justice case well here's what I think
 em your decorum your
tradition
 your this is the way presidents do
it everything and you if you
disagree this is a complete travesty of
justice it's obvious to all of us let's
not pretend it's not obvious
it's obvious
I want my president to weigh in
I want my president to interfere with
travesty of justice
 your tradition the way your
president is supposed to act
everything you're going to say about
this every one of you if you
disagree most of you agree so I'm not
talking to you no way
should this president stay out of this
now I certainly wanted to stay out of
you know the legal system in general of
course but this is not like every other
case this is obviously publicly corrupt
obviously and publicly corrupt if my
president won't weigh in I don't care
who the president is
if my president won't weigh in on a case
that's obviously and publicly corrupt
well the president to him if
he won't do that little thing that that
that the country certainly deserves
certainly ought to get it now here's my
prediction you you elected the right guy
I don't see any possibility honestly I
don't see any possibility that Trump
will not pardon stone I assume benefit
I'm so not Benford
I assume Flynn will get a pardon - maybe
there's some different issues there that
need to be played out before that
happens but oh yeah and the media -
thanks for thanks for suggesting that
all you in the media
who are trying to make Roger stone go to
jail so you can jerk off to it you
 all of you you know this is just
for pleasure this is a pleasure
prosecution this is a feel-good
prosecution it's corrupt and
anybody who thinks that this is this is
the way this country should run man so
if there's still anybody out there who
says that having this juror who is an
attorney and a documented Trump hater
who was who was tweeting against Trump
during the trial if anybody thinks well
you can't say some people are more
persuasive than and so you know this
person will sway the jury I give you
this analogy you've got a pickup
basketball game in the park it's you and
some of your friends none of you are
professional basketball players you're
just having a pickup game in the park
Michael Jordan walks up in his prime not
not retired Michael Jordan but in his
prime Michael Jordan he says can I play
and you say no all right and Michael
Jordan joins your team who wins which
team wins the team of people who play
basketball in the weekend sometime or
the team that plays on the weekend
sometimes he and has Michael Jordan team
it's Michael Jordan's team he wins every
time
in the playground that is the degree of
difference between having your jury
foreperson a trained attorney or a
trained hypnotist if you have that
situation
you just added Michael Jordan to the
jury and you made the other 11 people
irrelevant
you could trade them in you could switch
him out it doesn't matter if they have
functioning brains it doesn't matter
what their biases doesn't matter because
add michael jordan to your pickup
basketball game and you know how it's
going to go so it's a travesty of
justice it's horrible
let's talk about other john
kelly is talking out about trumps in his
opinion not succeeding with north korea
and John Kelly who is being a bit of an
 here says that he would that he
predicted that North Korea wasn't going
to be serious
and they were just gonna stall for time
and so therefore and he thinks he could
have you know maybe maybe had an impact
on that I guess no I guess he didn't
have an impact so he wouldn't say that
here's what's missing from that analysis
President Trump
removed the reason for North Korea and
the United States do you even care who
has what weapons he removed the reason
are we a war with North Korea
no does North Korea think we're gonna
attack any minute and therefore they
need to get ready probably not I think
Trump convinced them that we have no
interest in attacking him why was kim
jungeun your rattling your saber and
aiming his nukes at us and testing nukes
well because he thought we might attack
him Trump basically solved the problem
without solving the problem he took away
the reason if you're not bright enough
to see that he took away the reason I'm
not sure you should be talking in public
so John Kelly that was not your finest
moment
all right
so I think that's oh one other
interesting tidbit
so Adam Schiff his district is you know
hugely solidly Democratic here in
California Southern California not my
district but he has a he has a
challenger I've mentioned before
Jennifer Barbosa and she's running as an
independent
now her argument is that you need to be
an independent to have a chance against
chef because he has the vast majority of
Democrats well there are far more
Democrats in the area than anything else
in fact there are only 16% GOP in shifts
area but there are 30% independents now
I don't know how independent
independents are all right and I'm not
sure that real of independents exist
well let's say they do and the reason I
say that is that most independents
reliably vote one way or the other
yeah it's sort of an exception if they
ever cross lines or a clause if they
ever vote a different way let's say it's
a it's a surprise so if you had the 30
percent independents in the 16 percent
of GOP you get 46 percent if she could
cleave off enough Democrats who were mad
at shift for one reason or another for
not doing his job and just playing
around trying to basically he's you know
he's a he's playing Moby Dick
and he's just trying to harpoon the
great white whale but it's not happening
so I'm just calling her out because I
think the country would be better off
without Adam Schiff in government I
don't really care if it's another
democrat gets elected I mean I'm not I'm
not like anti-democrat or anything but
Adam Schiff he's a character and he's
done more harm to the country than I
think anybody anybody would that be true
could could you reasonably say the Adam
Schiff has done more damage to the
United States than anybody else alive at
the moment can anybody think of anybody
who did more damage to the United States
than Adam chef who's still alive anybody
I'd like to see some suggestions I
assume there are people have done worse
but I can't think of one I'm he's really
driven the world the country apart with
one hoax after another
that I don't know what could be more
destructive than that this does anybody
have a suggestion I'm it's a serious
question no matter if you're democrat or
republican
you'd have to agree that he pursued a
Russia collusion hoax and and the
Ukraine case that never really was going
to go anywhere and he wasted all of our
time and made her a government
ineffective and deepened the divide
added added fake news to the mix is
there anybody who did more damage to the
United States than chef I mean honestly
that's that's just an honest question I
can't think of anybody Pelosi I think
was sort of carried away by the stream I
don't know the Pelosi her options were
limited by the situation it feels like
it was mostly chef now you could you
could throw Nadler in there but I think
Nadler by himself
would have been less effective and
therefore done less damage I think for
for all of his flaws of which I see many
Schiff was a very LSA energetic and
disciplined and passionate and
well-spoken advocate for his evil
position all right he had lots of skill
that went into pursuing something that
shouldn't have been pursued and Olin did
that so his judgment is terrible or his
bias is terrible it could be one of the
other and so give a thought to Jennifer
Barbosa if you're thinking of donating
you could probably find her easily just
just Google Jennifer Barbosa be a RB OSA
for Congress she'll pop right up and I'm
sure she has a page for donating but if
you know if anybody wants to reduce the
chance of more Schiff that would be one
way to do it okay all right I'm looking
at your comments
what about AOC the whistleblower
blah-blah-blah-blah alright I think I've
said what I need to say
I hope my swearing was just right and I
hope we see a return to justice and and
let me say as a supporter of this
president by the way for context I think
I've supported every president didn't
matter what what team they were on when
somebody becomes the president I'm
almost automatically a supporter because
I think that's the way it should work
didn't regardless of which team they are
on your your mileage will differ but
that's fine so I'm a supporter of the
President and if he pardons I'm going to
be far more enthusiastic about
supporting him for re-election I'm you
know it do it anyway I'm sure I'll
support the president for re-election
but it would make a difference to me I
would feel differently I would have a
different energy about it and if there's
blowback from the pardon and we're
commuting the sentence whatever it is if
there's blowback I will I will be a
tireless tireless Patriot to try to
reduce the impact of that so that's
where I'm at I hope some of you are on
the same team and well thank you
somebody's saying nice things about me
I always appreciate it what about coffee
we already had our sip all right that's
all for today I'll talk to you all
tomorrow