bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum bum
hey everybody come on in here grab a
beverage for the highlight of your day
so far it might get better but it's
gonna start out pretty darn well it's
already getting better you can feel it
can't you
it's that good feeling of knowing that
you're about to experience coffee with
Scott Adams and and what that's right
the simultaneous sip it's coming
grab your mug your vessel your cup your
your thing that holds beverage and get
ready to do the simultaneous up
yeah so as you saw in the news there's
again more reporting that says that
coffee is good for you it's good for you
I say you'll live longer and that's
that's even not counting the
simultaneous sip which modestly will add
eight to nine years to your life I think
those of you who simultaneous sipped the
most probably live the longest at
science speaking of science have you
seen all the stories in the news about
animals attacking is this a coincidence
or a revolution in the last day I saw
video of a shark grabbing a woman's hand
and dragged her in the water she was
trying to feed the shark
there was story of lions killing a guy
somewhere and some preserve the Lions
were I guess the Lions killed some
poachers
now there's a story about man killed by
polar bear while protecting kids and I
keep thinking is this a coincidence or
some kind of a trend this is the
revolution on the animals have just
gotten the animals are just sick of us
at this point
you know yeah you ever think the animals
have a convention and like year after
year they have a convention and somebody
says we should rise up let's have a
revolution against the humans and the
other animals go yeah I like my kibble I
got a good thing going on here don't
rock the boat and then they started
reading Twitter and the animals said
have you seen Twitter these guys got to
go so it looks like the revolution is on
the animals are starting to attack if
you have a pet in the house keep an eye
on that pent that's all I'm saying let's
talk about Michael Cowan Michael Cohen
recently said something provocative he
said that his highest priorities were
not the president but rather his highest
priorities were his family you know his
wife and kids and I think as we said his
highest priority were his wife and his
kids and so people said my god he's
throwing the president under the bus
because he says that the president is
not a higher priority than his own
children and his wife do you know well
who else says their wife and their
children are the highest priority take a
guess
is there anybody else who might say in
public my highest priority is my family
every married man as that you're saying
in the comments a hundred percent of it
yes somebody said hillier which was
funny a hundred percent of married men
should say in public my honey is
priority is my family not the president
not my boss not my friend every every
person what did CNN report about Michael
Cohen saying something that literally
every person would say if they were
married they said it could be a sign
that he's turned on the president so by
acting like every other
living sentient being proof that there's
something up and then apparently he
removed from his Twitter account his
reference to being the president's
lawyer now
CNN reports it like well here's another
hint then Michael Cohen might be ready
to flip do you know who else changes
their Twitter profile to get rid of
their old job once they no longer have
it anybody anybody how about every
single person who changes their job how
about all of them every single one all
right so that's enough of Michael Cohen
what we know about Michael Cohen is we
don't know anything about Michael Cohen
but if I were his lawyer or I were
Michael Cohen one of the things I would
definitely do are you with me on this as
a strategy one of the things I would
definitely do is say publicly and also
to whatever investigators I am so not on
the president's team I you know I'm just
saying care of my family so if I don't
tell you something that you'd like to
hear what's that mean
well if I said no matter what I'm going
to protect the president and then you
ask me a question and it was maybe
answer which protected the president
what would you say to yourself as an
investigator you'd say he might be
hiding something because he already said
he's protecting the president first so I
can't really trust anything he says
about the president how do you deal with
that possibility if you're Michael Cohen
you say the president is not my priority
my family is because that makes it look
like you're a flipper if you look like a
flipper and then they say to you alright
so telling us all the good stuff you
know about the president and that he
says well I'm not protecting the
president of protecting my family but I
don't have anything that sounds a lot
more
credible than the guy who says I'm gonna
protect the president at all costs I
will take a bullet for him I will go
under the bus for him I will do anything
for the president so do you have any bad
news about the president we should hear
about Michael Cohen no no I don't have
any nothing like that no credibility so
of course for the defense of his
situation he has to act like he is
putting some distance between himself
and the president does it mean anything
well it doesn't mean anything one way or
the other he could be getting ready to
flip he could be just defending himself
in the normal way people do he could be
just talking about his family and the
normal way people do you have absolutely
no information about what's in Michael
Cohen's mind so I'm not telling you he
does or does not have anything I'm not
gonna tell you he will or will not flip
if that's even you know appropriate in
this situation I'm just saying we don't
know anything that's what we know we
know is zero all right let's talk about
oh there was a news about Senate panel
says Putin was trying to help Trump so a
Senate panel bipartisan that's important
so as Republicans and Democrats they
they said that the the Intel which
claimed that Putin was trying to help
Trump was solid work it was solid
tradecraft now let me say a few things
about it number one that doesn't mean
it's true so something can be solid
intelligence work they can do all the
things they're supposed to do and still
not have the right answer so that's
complete possibility right yeah they've
said various times that these 17
agencies all agree
I have called BS on that because in the
real world 17 agencies agree
really looks more like this hey Bob over
there and that other agency did you see
this report we did bob says shout to me
I'm looking at your report yeah you look
like a stand-up guy I've worked with you
before I'd say your work is totally good
does bob recreate from scratch the same
work so that he can get an independent
opinion not influenced by the person who
gave him the report and said hey Bob
take a look at this you know just say
you like this this looks good we did
everything right trust us we did
everything right we always do just trust
us which one of those seems more likely
17 agencies yeah now it's down to four
right so the latest reporting is that
well when we said 17 agencies it was
more like four and the other ones just
sort of read our work and didn't
disagree now when somebody says that
four agencies came to the same
conclusion does that mean for agencies
independently did their own work without
influence from the other and what they
compared notes same result no no that is
now what happened what happened almost
certainly is that groups did their own
little work that probably did not
overlap much at all they shared what
they all knew and they put it together
and they said all right you know this is
now a combined work from our various
groups you like the part you put in I
like the part I put in let's just say
it's all credible because you're not
really checking each other's work not
really okay so yeah as soon as you say
there are multiple agencies involved
there was a little a handpicking of
who's on the agencies they all work with
each other they don't want to be the bad
one who says imagine if you were one of
the other agencies and you looked at the
work of say the CIA or the FBI
whoever else you looking at and it looks
good on paper and that's all you know
you weren't there all you have is the
paper and you read the report you go
yeah that's that's what a report looks
like and these guys are credible
credible people had to be a report that
looks like a report I'll say that's good
[Music]
so there's not much credibility there
but here's my favorite part
oh they're all so there were different
confidence levels between the National
Security Agency and the CIA and the FBI
why would there be different confidence
levels when they're all looking at the
same stuff now apparently they the
difference in their confidence was
discussed openly so that we can see the
reasoning behind it and people were
happy with that but that's different
from being positive right if the
agencies were positive what happened
exactly
would there ever be a difference in
confidence level because being certain
looks a lot like having the same
confidence level if one is certain and
one is probable it looks good
probable that's not really as convincing
as to people who are completely certain
all right but looking for my favorite
part here in the story
so here's listen to what the committee
relied on all right so here are all the
sources that the committee relied on to
decide that the intelligence assessments
were were solid good work the committee
said that the intelligence community
assessments relied on number one public
Russian leadership commentary things
that prominent Russians said in public
in public
so apparently their secret plan to
influence the elections are something
they talk about in public hey you know
did you see what we did with America Oh
I am any more questions can you rely on
that stuff I don't know if it were true
and somebody said it in public and they
did not die from poisoning within 24
hours is it still true what could be it
could be all right then they also relied
on Russian state media reports I'm not
making this up they relied on the
Russian media the Russian media was one
of their sources what exactly did the
Russian media say about their own
country that they were allowed to put in
the news I feel like I need some details
on this don't you so so far two of the
four sources that our intelligence
community is referencing I'm not making
this up
two of the four sources they got from
watching television
am i overstating that here are the two
sources committee said that the
intelligence community assessment relied
on public Russian leadership commentary
watching television and Russian state
media reports that they got by watching
television and then public examples
where Russian interests aligned with us
candidate policy statements all right so
there were examples where the Russians
interests and the things that Trump said
were in alignment what exactly are the
examples of that
for example if President Trump said hey
we should be more friendly with Russia
because we have common interests would
that be an example of him coincidentally
aligning with Russian interests what are
the other things in which the United
States and Russia just have the same
interests maybe we both want Isis to
lose
maybe we both want a good result with
North Korea don't we have a lot of
overlapping interests with Russia
wouldn't that be normal so which ones
are they looking at to say oh-ho very
coincidental that that in this case
Trump I assume they're referring to has
the same policy preferences in just some
cases not all but in some cases as the
Russians what are the odds of that a
hundred percent what are the odds that
the next candidate for president whoever
that might be after Trump also has some
policy preferences that are the same as
what Russia wants what are the odds of
that a hundred percent a hundred percent
right so so far we've got two of the
sources are from watching television and
one of the sources is that by
coincidence there are some things the
United States and Russia both want at
the same time that's three out of the
four sources all right so three out of
the four sources are absolute complete
 but the fourth source is good
all right I don't want to make the
fourth source I don't want to make the
fourth source sound like you know it's
unimportant because the first three were
completely ridiculous then so the fourth
one is good here is it's a quote and
this is in quotes a body of intelligence
reporting to support the assessment that
Putin and the Russian government
developed a clear preference for Trump
do you know what other situations the
Russian leadership would have a
preference for one of the two candidates
running for president every time how
about every single time there are two
candidates who are different should we
expect that Russia doesn't have a
preference
what are the odds of that of course they
have a preference how could they not
have a preference if somebody runs
against Putin do you think we'd have a
preference who won of course of course
now let me put a different frame on this
suppose Putin thought the Hillary
because of his history with era when she
was in the State Department there's at
least some reporting I don't know if
it's true that she might have been
behind or the State Department under her
leadership was behind organizing some of
the protests in Russia around the
Russian elections so if that's true that
Hillary Clinton literally was involved
with trying to overthrow Putin and then
she's running for presidents against a
guy who was very unlikely to want to
overthrow him because he wasn't the guy
who was going to overthrow dictators
that wasn't his deal he's not the
dictator overthrow guy would the
Russians have a preference for the one
who doesn't want to overthrow them
versus the one who has already tried
should we expect Russia to have a
preference how could they not how could
they not have a preference all right now
here's where it gets interesting
although they would certainly have a
preference for the one who hasn't tried
to overthrow them they couldn't have
possibly believed that that trump was
going to win because the u.s. reporting
was so unified in saying he wouldn't so
if Russia was betting on this longshot
2% chance of winning Trump thing it was
a pretty long shot and the things that
they did with their little troll farm
that was completely toothless and
ridiculous if that's the best they did
to try to get somebody from a 2% chance
of winning - winning I don't think we
have to be too worried about Russia if
that was their best game
let's let's back let's back the guy who
is pulling at 2% and to come in the
final months you know 2% likelihood of
of winning in the election let's back
him because this seems good let's do it
in a way that probably will be detected
because you know it's the internet right
if it's on the internet people are gonna
figure out who's behind everything
that's how it works so we'll definitely
be detected and will really piss off the
likely winner who has already tried to
overthrow me once so what's the worst
thing we could do guys guys anybody
what's the worst thing we could do well
well Vladimir the worst thing you could
do is publicly bet on the one who has no
chance of winning
to further piss off Hillary Clinton who
has already tried to overthrow you and
just needs one more good reason to push
it over the goal line she just needs one
good reason when she is certainly going
to be President to take you out so let's
do that one let's do the one that gives
the person who will be the most powerful
person in the world a really good public
reason to overthrow your your regime
through nefarious means how about that
then Vladimir says hmm that is just
crazy enough to work I believe I will
bet against my own best interests by
putting money and resources not very
good resources I'm talking about
terrible advertisements now good
advertisements nothing effective but
we'll do it in a way that will certainly
be traced back to us because it's on the
Internet obviously we'll get caught to
really piss off the next president of
the United States who already has an axe
to grind
yeah that could work maybe you know
nobody really knows what people are
thinking or what they say and you know
what they say I'm just yeah somebody
pointed out that my Putin impression is
more like Count Dracula
I don't have a lot of range in my my
impressions pretty much I can do Irish
and Dracula that's been you know so so
everybody I do an impression of is
either Irish or Dracula so now the other
thing that doesn't make sense about this
story of Putin definitely having a
preference for Trump and of course
everybody has a preference so that
shouldn't be any news at all but isn't
don't we have it as a matter of fact
that there were Pro Hillary ads as well
as pro Trump ads I'm not making that up
am i is it not true that their
interference was on both sides and that
that's that's facts and evidence we've
actually seen the ads we've seen the ads
some of them are pro Hillary anti-trump
now if their goal was to interfere on
the side of one of the candidates why
did they do it so poorly because it's
one thing to not be able to know how to
make persuasive advertisements on the
Internet
that's kind of normal because if you
look at the actual candidates themselves
if you look at Hillary Clinton's ads
they were terrible they weren't very
persuasive at all Bernie actually had
some good ads one of the best ads I've
ever seen and Trump had some good ones
too but Clinton's were pretty bad so
it's not it's not unusual for even
professionals to create bad ads so that
part is not confusing but why would you
also make an ad this that's clearly
against your own best interests who was
it at the at the troll forum and Russia
where the the troll boss said all right
everybody here are marching orders again
Dracula not not
we are going to put out a bunch of ads
there will favor the candidate Trump and
then one of the one of the trolls raised
the answer said who are we favoring
Trump only Trump will do only ads for
Trump and some ads for Hillary Clinton
no no ads for Hillary Clinton we do not
like her we prefer a president Trump who
has a 2% 2% chance of winning but we
like to gamble we drink we gamble maybe
we don't know is gamble on the best side
but we have all all of our ads must be
pro Trump and some of them some of them
will be Pro Hillary Clinton no you are
not listening to me no ads pro-hillary
and then you know like every other
business in the world somebody hears it
differently and creates a pro Clinton ad
and then it's all confusing well maybe
that happened maybe but it seems a
little more likely that there was some
somebody who was just trying to inject
some inject some let's say some energy
into the some negative energy into the
process and you know maybe make our
system less credible or something like
that but it doesn't seem to me that what
we have in evidence is that Russia
favoured Trump because the only thing
that we the public have seen correct me
if I'm wrong the only thing that we the
public have seen is evidence that they
they were on both sides with the ads now
what about these people in public who
said stuff like oh yeah we're definitely
definitely Trump people we love Trump
well look at our own media isn't there
somebody in our own media who's saying
absolutely anything there's always
somebody saying something that doesn't
mean they know what they're talking
about
but who in the world in Russia would
have gone in public whether they're a
news organization or just somebody close
to the top who would have said who in
any world would have said yes we sort of
prefer the candidate who tried to
overthrow Putin once yeah we're okay
with that let's just say that in public
because Putin yeah he doesn't watch
television you won't even notice that
were we're on the other side from our
own leader all right
[Music]
Kail I'm reading your comments what else
is going on even Fox is in on the ruse
well here's the thing there might be let
me say this as clearly as possible there
might be you know maybe the intelligence
is perfectly good and maybe Russians
just preferred Trump but it doesn't make
sense in terms of how they acted at
least in the parts we know about Saudi
Arabia reduced oil prices somebody says
said does that brand-new
yeah Statue of Liberty yes so a woman
tried to climb the Statue of Liberty to
a protest you know the protests about
the children in cages there are two
sides to the children in cages story on
one side there's a group who says we
must do something to stop separating
families and putting children in cages
on the other side there's people who
completely agree with that side those
are your two sides one side that says
don't separate families and the other
side who totally agrees with them and is
trying to get it done now what do you do
in a situation where both sides
completely agree well if it's me I risk
my life climbing the Statue of Liberty
wouldn't you I mean if you have a
situation where the debate has boiled
down to two sides agreeing we
they each other as hard as possible of
course you're gonna risk your life to
protest that situation where everybody's
on the same side somebody asked me to
talk about poor versus poor P Oh re vs P
oh you are as you might know by now the
president wrote a tweet in which he said
that his random capitalization was not
random at all but rather used for
emphasis and he's actually a very good
writer now he made the mistake that you
see on Twitter more than just about any
other mistake which is how many times
have you seen somebody on Twitter say
something like you know you're you're so
dumb you think you're a genius and they
spelled genius wrong you know when
somebody calls themselves a genius and
they spell genius wrong how many times
have you seen that or some version of
that a lot so the president in that same
tweet in which he was bragging about his
his writing skills which are very good
by the way he does have something to
brag about
said that he that he pours over
something but he spelled it P oh you are
now ben shapiro called that out and said
ben said there's a hundred percent
chance that the president was aware that
he misspelled poor and that that was
part of the trick and he was he was
attracting people to his his tweet and
everybody would talk about oh my god he
spelled this word wrong and that would
just give him more energy and more
attention and it's all part of his trick
now I feel a little guilty about this
situation because correct me if I'm
wrong and I don't know if I'm right here
but most of you have been paying
attention to politics and following me
am I the first person who suggested that
the president's tweets sometimes have
intentional mistakes did that come from
me originally because it's a common
thing you hear now I hear it all over
the news people say I hate
that mistake is put in there to attract
attention I believe I was the first
person that said that but that doesn't
mean that every mistake is intentional
and so when I saw this mistake of Pio re
versus Pio you are my first thought was
I totally would have made that mistake
and I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure that
I have made that mistake
I believe I've written that exact
sentence you know to pour over something
and I have like a vague memory of my
editor changing it back and thinking to
myself well that makes no sense why
would it be Pio Ari
it's not like a pore of my skin now
center this wouldn't make sense but you
could pour over something you know to
cover it if you were pouring over
something that would make perfect sense
now there's of course there must be some
old you know old historical reason why
Pio Ari makes sense in the saying but in
modern times it no longer makes sense so
would I have made that same I guess I
guess it would be a spelling error not
exactly a spelling error it's more of
not knowing which was the correct way to
spell it I guess that's a spelling error
and so I said well and also not so quick
Ben Shapiro to me this looks like an
actual mistake and then I understand
that he deleted the tweet and Rio she
reissued it reissued it with poor
spelled correctly it's Old English
meaning pedantic so all right so it's
perfectly reasonable that well-educated
people I include myself in that category
well educated people would not
necessarily know which was the right
word to use in that situation would be
normal so I think that was just a case
of the president literally just had the
wrong word there and then he corrected
it I don't think there's any more of a
story to it yeah it could have been a
lot of correct yeah
sure that that was a little correct
common spelling error yeah it was pretty
common it's a Scott you take you can't
take credit for everything well that's
why I'm asking you know I've said enough
things that are now part of the normal
conversation that I can't tell exactly
when I was the source of of some way of
thinking and when I wasn't
can you remember way back in 2015 that
people were not often often is the key
word here it was very rare for somebody
to say cognitive dissonance on
television or in an article about
politics it was kind of rare to use the
phrase confirmation bias now and yeah
and for DHS in 3d chess those are all me
right I mean it feels like I change the
conversation permanently and the
question about the question about
whether facts matter and whether people
use facts to make decisions that's sort
of all me again not the first person who
had that idea but in terms of Trump and
the political situation I'm pretty sure
that was me injecting that into the
conversation yeah that's the Bane's
mainstream way of looking at it now I
believe it's true all right what else if
I I'd like to see your opinion what else
have I changed in the way people see
politics what in your opinion have I
added to the conversation that I didn't
already mentioned
the of the two movies on one screen yeah
how often have you seen the two movies
on one screen sometimes they don't say
movies they they use different ways but
the the fact that we're living in two
different perceived realities that's
pretty much me right
removing the reason exactly I think that
was me in terms of North Korea removing
their reason for wanting to attack the
mental prisons I don't know that's a
that's an interesting one I know I was
early on talking about escaping from
mental prisons but I don't know if I was
the first one to introduce that to the
the current conversation the Golden Age
of course that's me but I wouldn't say
that has you know swept the country but
we are seeing it pop up you you've seen
the the words Golden Age pop up more
lately the simulation yeah so again I'm
not the one who I'm not the one who
started the idea that we live in a
simulation but I talk about it a lot I
would say I'm one of half-a-dozen people
who talked about it enough that it got
out there was TDs may Trump derangement
syndrome well let me ask you was Trump
derangement syndrome me because I don't
think that one was was that Mike's image
I had an alternate form of that too you
know I was talking about Trump hysteria
and you know mass hysteria I think Trump
derangement syndrome was someone else it
might have been Mike Sarah I don't
know
tds was 4chan that could be so some
people will think that one is me because
i I was an early adopter but I don't
think that was me
simultaneous sipping oh there was
already bush derangement syndrome yeah
okay so that what that I would say that
definitely wasn't me was it Charles
Krauthammer somebody saying oh it could
be yeah it might have been crowd
whatever linguistic killshot well that
was certainly me you know nobody nobody
thought that Trump's nicknames were
important until until I said so so I
think that was me
thoughts on Strock being told to show up
so didn't struck correct me if I'm wrong
but I think struck started out by saying
I will totally testify any anywhere you
want because I'm so innocent and I will
not require anything any guarantees in
return I will go testify anytime you
want and now he's saying well the this
testifying could be a trap so you know
maybe maybe I'm not so flexible on this
because it could be a trap where have
you seen that play before
where did struck get that play where you
start out by saying I totally want to
talk nothing will stop me from talking I
don't even need any guarantees on that I
am that innocent only to pull it back
because his lawyers his lawyer said he
should where did you see that before
President Trump right what is the best
way to deal with a situation in which
Pete you it's a public trial
and people are wondering are you willing
to testify or are you afraid that you'll
be trapped and you'll be Sheldon to be
the criminal that you are there is only
one way to approach this situation you
start by saying I totally want to I am
all about the testifying please bring me
in I'll go in myself I will volunteer I
will I will testify so hard I won't even
have lawyers there I you don't don't
even need to tell me the questions in
advance that's how innocent I am I will
walk in there with no guarantees no
lawyers don't tell me the questions in
advance and I'll stay there as long as
you want I'll answer every question you
want that's what I'll do what Oh
my lawyer is telling me something what
and oh you're saying I shouldn't do
anything like what I just described I so
wanted to but my lawyer my lawyer says
it would just be bad and and it's a what
it's a oh it's something it's something
called a perjury trap that's probably
legal talk I don't like any of this
legal stuff if it were up to me I would
testify so hard tomorrow today right now
what are you doing right now I'm ready
come on let's go let's go right now
you interview me you ask anything you
want no lawyers no no what okay I can't
do that either my lawyer says that's a
bad idea some lawyer reasons I don't
know but you got to do what your lawyer
tells you otherwise you're an idiot
right I mean I'm not an idiot I'm just
an honest guy I'm not an idiot
idiot would go in there and fall into
that perjury trap but an honest guy like
me I'd volunteer to do it without any
restrictions whatsoever if I could but
you know lawyers what are you gonna do
mainstream media says the hashtag walk
away people are BOTS
what do you think chances are there are
some BOTS involved on every major every
major movement wouldn't you expect that
there are BOTS every time there's
something that's an important with
thought or hashtag or political event I
would assume that there are BOTS
organizing these well let me ask you
this what are the chances that these the
protests about the children in cages
what are the chances that's all organic
don't you think there are some BOTS at
work getting people into the streets to
protest the children in cages oh I think
so
do I have any inside information no but
if you were a bot you know a Bop Master
who are the people who run the box if
you were a bot master a bot puppet
wouldn't you say to yourself oh anything
that looks like you know so kind of a
protest in the streets I'm gonna bot all
over that I'm gonna bot that so hard
children cages bought it bought those
children in cages so yes of course there
are BOTS working on both sides
that's what BOTS do what would be the
point of having a bot if they were not
focused on a point they're not random
they are BOTS used for particular
purposes so I would assume that the walk
away has BOTS I would assume that the
children in cages protests have BOTS I
would assume that you know anything
black lives matter does that's national
is going to attract a bot or two BOTS
everywhere
thoughts on the quote too far to act
yeah there's an act whose acronyms are
fa RT and the question is did they do
that intentionally my answer is probably
not I'm thinking probably not because
whoever names a bill wants it to pass
and if you want something to pass a fart
is not something that you want to pass
that's something everybody doesn't want
you to pass if you know what I mean
so I don't think somebody would name
their own their own bill after something
unpleasant that doesn't make sense
if this is a simulation of what our BOTS
well BOTS could be a simulation within a
simulation because the simulation would
write its own programs within the
simulation what is a verbal poison pill
[Music]
well I don't know what a verbal poison
pill is but the but you saw that the
we'd bill that humor introduced had a
poison pill in it within which it was
going to add a tax so that the
Republicans couldn't get behind it so
Republicans are likely to want to get
the federal government and in the
business of weed enforcement so
Republicans are probably going to be
fine with that but Democrats need a win
that looks like just a Democrat win
something the Republicans objected to so
they added a tax you know a weed tax in
with the the weed decriminalization
federal decriminalization so it was very
clever and very weasel-like but that
didn't make it more any less clever
all right I think we've gone far enough
I'm gonna shut down for now and I'll
talk to you later