[Music]
well there you are the locals people are
on board looks like the rumble people
are hitting it hard and YouTube in the
house
[Music]
good can you see the uh video on uh
locals everybody have
video I hope you do
because you should I think you do
yeah well welcome to Coffee withs Scott
Adams the highlight of human
civilization if you'd like to
uh oh no video yet so just to close and
reopen your locals if you don't have
video there it is video just popped up
just took a
moment if you'd like to take this
experience up to a level that nobody can
really even understand with their tiny
human brains you need is a cover m a
glass of tanker Chelsea din a Cen Jugger
flask vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like fluffy and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the dope amate of the day
thing makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and appens
now
go so so
good
well I was asked to talk again about a
trick for getting out of your own head
we've talked about how ruminating about
your problems is bad for you and there's
some research on that that suggests that
the less you think about your problems
the better unless it's something you
need to solve if it's just something in
your past is probably not going to help
you to think about it too
much here's the trick and I've been
practicing this at home every now and
then I will get too far inside my head
like everybody else and I found that I
can instantly get out of my head
with two words get
out so I treat myself like I'm two
people or that I'm one person who lives
in two different
worlds and if you think about this this
is really true don't you live in Two
Worlds one of the worlds is the is your
memory and
Imagination and if you're just sitting
alone with no stimulus from the outside
you you Retreat into the imaginary world
and the imaginary world can sometimes
Loop you into bad thoughts and make them
worse so I said as soon as I realize
I've been sucked into the internal world
and I I figure it out I just yell get
out get out and I can immediately take
myself into the physical world again and
in the physical world I don't have any
memories look there's a dog there's a
tree it's warm outside hey I'm alive my
body feels good I've got some drawers to
do
I got some things to accomplish and
suddenly you can make all of that
internal world go away so here's here's
the advice and I want to hear back from
you how many of you try it it works I
guarantee it'll work by the
way just tell yourself that you have two
worlds and that they're separate one is
the internal imaginary world that's not
real and the other is the real world and
every time you get dragged into the
unreal world of your or thoughts just
yell get out get out and get up and
start moving and touching the real world
walk outside literally get out of your
chair just say get out get out Stand Up
Walk directly to your door walk out the
door and stand in the Sun or the cold or
the rain whatever just just get out just
get out of your head now try that now
what the thing that I'm adding is the
two phrases or the two words that you
can use as a key hypnotist call that a
key uh a key would be anything that
triggers another thing right so if you
can uh always think of those two words
get out and that makes you physically
move the next time you need it the two
words will be linked to your physical
movement and you'll say get out and
you'll just stand up it will happen
automatically so tie the AC ity to the
words and then the words became a tool
that will always help you when when you
can't get there on your own just use the
tool oh just say the two words get out
boom that'll change your
life all right there's another study
this should be no surprise that exercise
has more health benefits than even you
knew and you knew there were lots of
them so it strengthens your heart
improves your mood reduces your risk for
depression chronic disease disorders
such as Alzheimer's but um in particular
weightlifting seems to be especially
good in boosting brain function and
slowing cognitive
decline did you ever
wonder why musicians can have a string
of hits in their
20s and then they can't do it in their
60s have you ever noticed
that and you think well why is that
shouldn't you get better and better but
by the time you're 70 if you've been
making music every day like Paul
McCartney shouldn't you be making your
greatest
masterpieces when you've reached your
greatest level of experience but it
doesn't seem that way now uh but I'm
having the opposite
experience in my experience it's getting
easier and easier a cartoon and let me
let me tell you what I've done in the
past 12 months now my age is I'll be
67 in June all right so there was one
point in my life that I couldn't even
imagine that I would still be working
over the age of
65 it was just
unimaginable but I'm at my ideal body
weight because I exercise and I lift I
do a lot of lifting yeah I move I mooved
my weights actually into my man cave so
that I it's just always there you know
if I want to lift I don't have to plan
anything I just walk over and pick
something
up so after a LIF time of using weight
training did my brain get any benefits
from that in other words when I when I
look at Paul McCartney I say to myself
okay you you're a good body weight but I
don't think you're lifting did you ever
have that thought you see musician yeah
you look at
uh um uh
what's his name uh mck Jagger look at
Mick Jagger and you've seen the videos
of him dancing at age 80 and you're like
oh my goodness his cardio is amazing but
then you look at his arms he's got
little noodle arms part of the reason he
can still dance is he weigh 65
pounds so and then you listen to the the
music that the stones are making and I
hate to be unkind because they're one of
my favorite groups of all time but
they're not making good
music I don't know if you've noticed but
their latest album is honestly a little
embarrassing they shouldn't have done it
and uh so then I look at my own
production all right so here are my
numbers for what I've produced in the
last 12 months this is rough and I want
you to see if you can guess the number
before before I tell you the number all
right so I've done this with my manave
people they've already
but the rest of you how many Comics do
you think I made in the last 12 months
give me the quickest answer off the top
of your head how many brand new Comics
have I created in the past 12
months the answer
is
730 because I do the dilber comic every
day that's
365 and I also do the uh the robots read
news comic basically every day
so that's 2 *
365 so I produced
730 pieces of art this year and in my
opinion they're as good as my best work
now some of it is because you know I'm
free now so I can do some topics that
are more fun now let me ask you those of
you who are still watching Dilbert on
subscription is it accurate that it's
still good you can tell me if it's if
it's Lo losing a
step so you can look at the comments and
make your own judgment all right how
many jokes did I write in the last 12
months how many jokes did I write in the
last 12 months take a guess I don't know
the real number but it's around
3,000 in 12 months
3,000 the reason is that um between the
two Comics there are usually at least
four jokes you know dber is usually one
joke and then robots read news which is
us usually about the headlines only the
subscribers see that you'd have to be a
subscripted uh you'd have to be a
subscriber on the locals platform to see
it but I often have four jokes in one
comic because they're the people reading
the news and there's a Chiron and
there's separate jokes so it's like five
jokes a day just for the comics but then
I go onto the xplatform and usually
write three four five different
jokes and then I go into the manave and
I might have three or four more jokes so
over the course of the year I've written
something like 3,000 jokes now I also
got cancelled about a year ago so I had
to go into a hyperd drive to rebuild my
entire business so I rebuilt my entire
business model uh republished you know
built a whole new publishing Enterprise
with Joshua lysc so I've republished
reframed well I published with for the
first time reframe your brain uh
republished Second Edition of how to
failed almost everything is still wind
big soon you will see the trilogy of
God's debris packed it into one book so
that you'll see that I'll give you a
news about that and I'll be relaunching
the Dilbert calendar for
2025 now all of those are pretty major
projects and all of that happened in the
last 12 months at the same time I did
major uh work on my
house and uh redid my man cave so that
that's how much I can produce at my
current age now do you think it's an
accident do you think it's an accident
that I don't drink
alcohol think about it I don't drink
alcohol and I work every day which I
think helps you know they say that it
keeps your brain healthy if you don't
don't let it rest too much
I add new skills consistently which they
also say is good for older brains uh
I'll tell you a little bit about my AI
stuff so I don't know how many people my
age have signed up for multiple AI
services and you know jumped in and
tried to make them work and you tried to
figure out what AI is and all that stuff
and that's all just really good for your
brain now my experience of life is that
all of those things really do make a
difference and I can feel them in in my
normal business so if I can give you one
piece of advice it is
this arrange your life so it's easy to
do resistance training so that might
mean what I did I put my weights right
inside my man cave so it's the place I
want to be and they're right there and I
just put everything I like in one place
so that I can't ignore
it maybe you join a gym and create a
habit for that but I would say uh we
need some national habits on weight
training but also taking a walk after
dinner do you want to hear something
that Trump could do or any president
could do that would change the chronic
illness in the United States probably
lower it by I
20% with one with one speech all the
president would have to do is say
according to the latest studies they're
very consistent if you take a walk after
you eat especially if you have any sugar
there just take a walk after you eat and
indeed I'd love to see the entire
country outside taking a walk every
night 20 minutes just give me 15 minutes
because it doesn't take long uh to get
your body to um to go into a higher
state of digestion that is healthier so
you don't need to do a full workout just
walk around the block wouldn't you love
to walk
Outdoors at you know whatever is your
after dinner you know your 6:30 7:00
whatever it is and just see a whole
bunch of people who are just doing a
15minute walk because they just ate do
do you realize that that alone would
probably take diabetes down 20% and all
you would have to do is get Americans to
feel like it's something to do they just
have to sort of think about it the
reason I don't do is I don't think about
it but some like Trump could say walk
after dinner and just say it at the end
of every speech take a walk after you
eat imagine that just like ending every
speech with that
20% difference in diabetes probably
that's my guess so there's a lot to be
gained there if you do it
right well uh Christopher rufo tells us
NPR might disappear if Republicans win
because apparently uh public opinion has
turned against NPR with their a wokeness
they've got $100 million uh annual
subsidies from the government that might
go away um and I think we need that
money for
Ukraine because I've heard there are
some oligarchs in Ukraine who have not
yet stolen enough money to live forever
and have generational
wealth so I think we need to repurpose
that NPR money for uh for to give it to
the Ukrainian
billionaires like the rest of our money
uh Jake Novak was posting today on X the
Apparently CNBC had an what they called
an economist on an
economist now this is
CNBC it's a business show and they had
an economist
on so I'm going to read you what the
economist said and I want you to tell me
if you think that sounded like an
economist to you okay
uh The Economist is telling that that uh
Joe Kernan I think that raising
corporate taxes will reduce inflation by
cutting the incentive for corporations
to make excessive
profits that's a an
economist on the business news
channel uh I don't know how many
economists we have watching this but if
you've had even a let's say a
glancing a glancing association with the
topic of Economics you
know that cutting that raising taxes on
companies does not make them lower their
prices we're going to raise your taxes
and if we keep raising them you're going
to lower your prices to
Consumers that feels like more like the
opposite of an economist
which would
be I don't know an art history major I
don't even know if an art history major
would think that raising the cost of
Corporations would cause them to lower
their prices to
Consumers do you do you really need to
be an economist to have that opinion
well I did not see who this economist is
but
um probably not one I'd hire for my next
Economist party
Sam mman is saying that open AI will uh
be adding to chat BT the chat gbt the
ability to take actions on your behalf
so right now you can talk to the AI and
it just sits there but imagine if you
could talk to it and tell it to do
something with your apps like send a
message or make a note or do something
like that that would be world
changing now what is the current state
of a gu completely
useless really a big stupid
joke and I know this because I've been
delving into it hard enough to know it's
not real it's not even close to real it
is so not real meaning that every AI is
basically a
scam in other words you think it's going
to do something and it doesn't do it let
me just give you my current experience
now I don't want I don't want to throw
this particular company under the bus
because I think it has potential but
everything in the AI space is too rushed
and too fast and incomplete everything's
crippled and broken and and the
interfaces I think are rushed because
there's sort of a gold rush mentality
got to get there first so I've been
trying to build my own chat chatbot
that's based on me so so just to give
you an idea of what the landscape looks
like in the scam economics of of AI so
so I look at the web page for Deli Deli
AI it says it will make me a clone it'll
clone me and make a chatbot of me now
what do you think when somebody says in
the AI context says AI WR their name
what do you think that means when they
say they're going to clone
you don't you assume assum that means
they'll clone what you look like nope I
actually signed up and paid money before
I determined that the only clone I'd be
looking at is a photograph that I
uploaded to the site and it just shows
the photograph that's the
Clone the Clone is your photograph of
yourself that you
upload now it does copy your voice so
you do a voice sample and then it
reproduces your voice do you think it
reproduced my
voice well yes in the sense that you
could recognize it was trying to
reproduce my voice but it also turned me
into such a douchebag that I can't even
listen to myself so my normal voice is a
little upbeat you know I try to add some
optimism a little color to it like I'm
doing now I'm exaggerating a little bit
but you know try to make it interesting
try to try to vary it a little bit but
when I listen to the voice that's
supposed to be me it ends on a Dono
which makes me sound like I'm Scott
Galloway who has had a really bad day
instead of Scott Adams who's
relentlessly
upbeat unless I've had a really bad day
so the voice is not there right it's
really not a voice I'd want you to
hear as my representation it's it's sort
of it's just sort of downbeat and
monotone um but the good news is that
you can load it full of all the
documents that you want and then it will
know everything about you and can answer
any questions about any topic you want
now that's good so what do you think
happened when I started loading
documents into it that's all it does
this main function is just to look at
your documents and then be able to
answer them well the first thing it does
is says well you're out of space no more
documents for you unless you're willing
to upgrade to our highest
level $400 a
month uh I'm I'm 3/4 away on the
onboarding process before I realize that
the number they give me for their their
quantity like I can't really translate I
don't know 10 million words or whatever
it was I was
allowed uh I couldn't really translate
that into my mind to my own material to
know when I would run out so I've got
this totally affordable I don't know $40
a month or whatever it was but to
actually use it in any useful way $400 a
month so what did I do well I'm in
experimenting mode not you know hard
economics Fu mode so I thought you know
what I I'll do a month just to see
because I don't want to bail out to her
because i' already put a lot of
information in I didn't want to lose it
so I upgraded so at $400 a month um I
put all my information into it but it's
still talking like this I'll ask it a
question and he'll say oh I see you're
interested in that a very good question
for the day many people are interested
in that I could see why you are too and
I and I think okay stop doing that
so one of the things you can do is you
can put in rules that it'll check before
it answers things so and you can put
them in just English language which is
really cool so one of the rules would be
use a sixth grade
vocabulary right now when I tell it to
do that in real time it does it really
well and it makes my language much
better I also tell it to not do an
introduction and not add any superus
information it does it great so then I
put that in the rules so I don't have to
tell it every time because the rules act
like a super prompt right so instead of
using a super prompt it'll it'll read in
your whole set of super promps in
advance of how you want it to act except
it doesn't store
it so none of the rules work so I've got
this whole set of rules it doesn't do
any of them so it's it's the major
feature of the thing and it just doesn't
do it and I can't make it do it there's
nothing I can put in those rules that
makes the execute at all I have no
idea but at least I can get it to look
at some dilber Comics that I uploaded
tell me the date of the comic and then
the content of it because I want to use
it to search for
things sometimes it'll do it sometimes
it won't sometimes it pretends it's
doing it but it's lying sometimes it'll
show me an image but then it'll say it
can't show me images basically only
Randomness there's nothing even
predictable so the basic thing I wanted
to use it for was to look at my work
answer questions on it and maybe show it
to somebody like oh here's that comic
should be able to do it it does show
images but only does it when it wants to
and it will tell me that it showing me a
comic and then show me the wrong
comic because it's can't tell the
difference between an example and an
actual you know answer to a question so
if I were to greatest usefulness it's a
zero it doesn't have any usefulness
whatsoever but listen to this I asked it
to give me a
URL which I had given it so I had
trained it on a URL to reproduce if it's
if somebody asked for it and it tells me
it can't give me a clickable
URL I'm like what yeah you're you can
give me text and of course chat gbt can
do it so I know he I can do it and it
says it won't give me a clickable link
and I said well all right can you at
least just put it in text I can copy and
paste it it's like no I cannot give you
a text link that's not clickable now
keep in mind it was not anything bad it
was a it was a public web page not no
bad content nothing like that just a
useful
page but if I if I signed up for the top
level which I did the $400 a month I can
get it I can get a phone number for it
which is really cool right so I could
actually text my
chatbot and it will give me answers to
questions so I set it up and I text it
and it answered and I thought this is
amazing I mean the answer was
useless so I asked the follow-up
question and it ignored me that's right
my
chatbot ghosted
me so I thought well maybe it's what I
asked so I asked another thing and it
answered that I asked a few more things
and I just decided not to I don't know
why it never did it didn't say it
couldn't answer it didn't give me didn't
ask for clar it just didn't
answer right but one of the times it did
answer it did give me a clickable link
but only if I paid $400 a month and it
could text it to
me now I'm not telling you this because
I want to dump on this particular
product because like well first of all
you should know I think some friends of
mine invested in it I don't know that
for sure but I have an indirect
indication that some friends of mine
actually have an interest in that
company so I don't want to I don't want
to knock it so if if the thing you're
taking away from this is oh there's this
one app that's suboptimal that's not the
story the story is that's all of them
they're all that they're all something
that should work but
doesn't but damn it looks attractive
I can't G I can't stop giving them my
money because I keep thinking
something's really going to
work nothing so when when open AI goes
to this next step to quote have the
ability to take actions on your behalf
do you think that that's going to be all
the useful actions that you wanted to do
no it's going to be some weird little
subset of actions that nobody could ever
use unless it could also do some other
things which it won't do you know this
isn't real
right now let me tell you what this
reminds me of most and I've told this
story before but it it fits perfectly
here um when I worked for the phone
company we had the I think the first
internet connection anywhere around
Northern California you know because we
were doing it in a lab is sort of
experimenting so I saw the first web
pages that ever
existed isn't that funny
there were like two web pages that were
public and we would show people those
two web pages so the internet at that
time was completely useless and I've
told this story before customer after
customer would walk in and they would
only want to see that oh show me that
internet thing well you know it only
goes to two websites and one of them's
down so basically all I can do is call
up one image of a gem and if you had an
hour I could call up a second one yeah
yeah let's see that and I'd be like
seriously why in the world is that even
interesting you couldn't use it for
anything and they would just be on fire
about it and you could see even then
that there was something about this
internet thing that was going to be huge
because people loved the bad version
that didn't do anything and they loved
it fast forward until the the first
iPhone came out remember the first
iPhone it wouldn't I had AT&T service if
you had that combination you couldn't
make a phone call on your phone so for a
period of I don't know 18 months or two
years I didn't make phone calls because
I didn't have a mechanism to do it it
would just drop the
call did that make me not have a
smartphone no I was crazy for it it
didn't do anything it made it was worse
than the what it replaced but I was
still crazy for it how do you explain
that it's the same thing with
AI same thing you know it I'm crazy for
it but honestly it doesn't do a freaking
thing I am confident that like the
internet and like smartphones it will
get to that place it will one day be
useful but wow we're not that close
we're really not that
close all
right uh it's a good thing that AI is
going to work someday because it looks
like children are all incapable of doing
anything according to Rasmus in the just
3 3% of American adults believe college
graduates will have the skills needed to
enter the workforce only a third of
adults think that going to college
prepares you for
work now it could be that this is one of
those questions that people sort of
interpret differently because the fact
is nobody's ready for work when they get
out of college would you agree there's
no such thing as a
21-year-old who knows how to do anything
and never was
right I mean not not something that they
uh had a college education to do like
even if you learn to be an engineer you
get the job you still have to unlearn it
all you and relearn how they do
engineering and their processes and
everything so nobody's nobody's really
ready for work but it might be worse I
don't know it does seem like young
people do fewer things and they just get
outside and just have fewer experiences
outside the digital world so it could be
that they're less capable we'll
see but 52% this is also rasmason 52%
say student protests on college campuses
make them less confident in whether
recent college graduates are ready to
enter the workforce well if I were an
employer looking for people that age I
would be scared to death to hire anybody
who came from an iue school because I
would just think they're going to sue me
wouldn't you
yeah your odds of being sued feel like
100% if they came out of
Colombia
so did you ever think that you would be
alive when having gone to college looks
like a mark against you and like oh I
don't want to see that H this one went
to
Princeton
Yale sure they're really smart which
just means they know how to sue me
really
well like basically you're hiring your
own
enemy yeah well you're really
smart uh that's good but you also went
to a college which guarantees that
you're going to see me as your enemy did
they teach you in school that as a white
man I'm your oppressor by any
chance cuz I wouldn't hire anybody who
went to any school that they were taught
that white people are their oppressors
and they need to get their stuff
back you don't want
that all
right Joe Biden uh is in the news again
for mispronouncing kamla Harris's name
he called her
camela camela how long has he how long
has he known her he doesn't know her
first
name what does he call her privately
that he doesn't know her
name you know how I remember other other
people's names it's because often if
they're important to me I will use their
names when I'm talking to other
people and if I used it wrong the other
people would correct me it makes me
wonder what does she call what does he
call her behind her
back he must have a
nickname if he can
this that's not
funny somebody the comment says he calls
her Candice behind her
back that's
terrible you're all going to hell all
right well that's not important but
you've got a president who doesn't know
the first name of his vice president and
you know we're we're so far past
worrying about his uh demented brain
it's it's just
gone so uh Judge Andrew napalitano on
his podcast had uh
this former CIA analyst Larry Johnson
who thinks that the Ukraine situation is
mostly about or might be largely about
child
trafficking um he added that Western
countries will persist in investing in
Ukraine due to their interest in the
trafficking of children for sex and also
organ
transplants what do you think about that
so it's a former CIA
analyst who's saying in public that he
thinks Ukraine is about American
government protecting the child
trafficking
business well I've got a tip for you in
uh digesting the news are you ready for
this here's a news
tip never believe anything that a former
CIA person
said if you see Former Intelligence
anything
don't believe anything that you hear
from him anything right I'll make an
exception for uh Jack
bobic I think he worked in Navy Intel or
something but but if you see some
Oddball on a podcast somebody you
haven't seen before and they they're an
ex excia analyst and they make a claim
about UFOs or child trafficking I'm not
saying it's not true I would know one or
another I would just not treat it as
information if you know what I mean you
know I didn't watch the whole thing so I
don't know what Judge Andrew napalitano
thought of that claim but if I had to
guess and read his mind he's a very
experienced
judge and he certainly has seen people
lying and he knows what it looks like I
don't think he necessarily bought that
but I don't
know so generally speaking uh when I see
former CIA anything I don't believe
anything they
say all right here's my theme for today
uh it looks like both sides in the
presidential election are priming the
other uh for
cheating so both sides are trying to
make the claim that if they lose it will
be because
cheating right so you've got
the you've got uh Department of Homeland
Security and the FBI saying that they're
working hard to make sure that the
election is not interfered by Foreign
actors or as they say those uh white
supremacists or or far-right people who
are planning some bad actions all right
so from the perspective of the Democrats
or at least the regime um they're going
to say oh you know we're working hard to
make sure that there's no
fraud
huh so the Biden Administration they're
working hard to make sure that you all
the holes are plugged and they've made
rule changes and they they've tightened
everything up so that there can be no
cheating but at the same time they've
assured us there could be no cheating
because it would be so easy to
detect so on one hand they're trying to
make sure you can't cheat in the
future and on the other hand they're
saying it was never possible to begin
with huh it's almost as if everything
they say is complete
 I'm starting to have my doubts
about the honesty of our government I
don't know about you I'm just getting a
a Feeling Just An inkling a little
tickle in the back of my brain that says
I don't know I don't know if 100% of
what they're telling me is
true so we'll get into that theory that
theme a little bit I remind you that
Peter Navaro is still in
prison for being a Republican
and there's an election
coming I just want to say that those
three things at the same time again
Peter Navaro is still in
prison for being a
Republican and there's an election
coming if you don't get off your
couch to get Peter Navaro on a
prison you know I you got to check your
motivations right at the very
least you got to get this Republican out
of jail otherwise you're next you know
you're next I'm surprised I'm not in
jail
already so it would help me out if you
know it' help keep me out of jail too if
you voted so vote because Peter Navaro
is still in
jail for being a
Republican and there's an election
coming act
accordingly I guess Don Jr went to visit
him um which I
appreciate Rumble is filing a billion
dollar lawsuit against Google for what
they say is lost ad revenue and
exploiting their their dominant position
do you think they have a case I don't
know go Google has lots of lawyers so I
don't know if you can win anything
against them
but my guess is that they have a good
case now I think I saw a little clip I
didn't watch it but isn't that Dr
Epstein the fellow who researched
Google doesn't he believe that Google
can move the election any way they want
and he's got evidence to suggest they
have and they
will so how big a margin does Trump have
to be up before the fact that Google can
move the election
20% h
20% you'd have to have an enormous lead
to overcome that kind
of kind of
action all right so good luck to rumble
um I'm a stockholder in Rumble small one
but I like to mention that so I'm
rooting for rumble I'm using the rumble
studio right now which by the way you
know it's going through its beta working
out the bugs phase but at the moment
it's working great would would you
agree think about the fact that I'm
broadcasting on four four different
platforms right now using the rumble
studio and it's seamless it's just a web
page I just go to the web page and sign
up and tell it which websites to go to
and and it does it and it shows you all
all the comments I think X comments are
not here right now but the
others it's kind of amazing it's really
the product I've been waiting for
forever
uh because otherwise I was using two
different machines and you know it was
just a mess so it's a good
product all right uh I miles Jong asked
various AIS who would be the best
president he asked Chad GPT Claude Ai
and grock and here's what they said chat
GPT recommended for president Gretchen
Whitmer Gavin Newsome Elizabeth Warren
Larry Hogan Pete Bud judge Mitt Romney
and Corey Booker
so I wonder if Chad GPT has any
political
bias all right how about Claude
AI Claude AI proposed Liz
Cheney
so uh and then grock suggested Robert F
Kennedy
Jr interesting
uh so the person who's way ahead in the
polls Trump is not mentioned as even a
top candidate by any of the major
AIS
so that's nothing to worry about is
it
no no nothing to worry
about all right uh there's a video R the
RNC research account on
showing a video of a young black man in
a uh what I take from Context is
probably a black barber
shop and he's saying quote he's a
Wisconsin voter and he says quote I
didn't like hearing Biden uh now say
that if you're not black you're not
black if you vote
Democrat wait no this is wrong he said
uh I didn't like it when Biden said
you're not black if you don't vote
Democrat he said I thought it was a low
to BS I thought that was an
insult do you believe that that was a
real thing that happened that they call
it on video do you believe that there
was really a young black voter in a
black barber shop in Wisconsin who on
his own said I didn't like hearing Biden
say that if you ain't black no if you
don't vote Democrat you ain't
black no I'm
sorry that's a little bit too on the
nose a little bit too than those yeah uh
almost certainly um it's a young man who
uh they knew was a trump
supporter and probably they gave him
something to say or he knew what to say
but if you think they just walked up to
somebody in a black barber shop and said
give us your thoughts and the first
thing that came out of his mouth was
that time that Biden said uh you know
you ain't black if you don't vote
Democrats
do you really think black voters care
about
that I I mean I've never really had that
conversation have of any of you I don't
to me it seems like just the the right
leaning talking point I didn't think
that was anything real I
mean if this were Trump if if Trump had
said something that awkward you know if
you don't vote for me you ain't black I
would have said oh come on people all
he's saying is that the Democrats would
be a better party for black voters
that's all he's saying I I would have I
would have excuse that away as just a
choice of words and nothing racist but
yet you know because Trump has been
gotad so many times the right likes to
do their gachas
too so their weakest gacha is this one
but I do I do imagine if you're black it
sounds a little grading to your ears but
if really was nothing except saying he
thinks Democrats will do a better job
for black Americans that's all he was
saying and then to turn this into a fake
little uh I I assume it's fake I don't
know for sure but my assumption is that
it was staged not that
it's you know which is not that big a
deal in an election season I mean it's
not like the crime of the century Mo
most of these things are a little bit
staged this one's just way on the nose
you know a little too obvious
um I saw there's a little interest in my
idea of uh having Trump bag some
groceries and just talking to people
about the cost of their food I saw Jack
bobic was uh retweeting that with some
positive thoughts and got tons of
pickup
so I I don't see anything wrong with
that idea that might be one of the best
ideas ever I'd love to see it
happen well good new news we have a
verdict in the stormmy Daniels lawfare
trial breaking news we have a verdict so
there's a verdict in the stam Stormy
Daniels lawfare trial and the verdict is
that the public has concluded that the
2020 election must have been
rigged no no no I I didn't mean I didn't
mean that there's a verdict in the trial
itself I mean the public has reached
their
verdict now what is the relationship
between the stormy Daniel's trial and
the 2020
election
everything it's the same
 the same who are putting
Michael Cohen on the stand to try to put
your uh ex-president in
jail those same are the ones who
told us the 2020 election was fine and
uh don't worry about it it's a rigged
Department of Justice case with a rigged
jury with a the most lingest of all def
uh of all Witnesses of all time even CNN
is calling it out as
lawfare it's completely transparent it's
right in front of you and I'll say it
again it's the same
 right do you remember the judge
Denine likes to say this all the time
and it's sort of a general truism that
if a witness lies on the witness
stand you are allow if you know that the
witness is lied you allowed to uh or
you're encouraged to assume that they
lied in general about other things that
you're not so sure
about that's a legal
standard so let me apply this standard
in a wider sense if you're going to put
Michael Cohen on the
stand and you're going to do lawfare
right in front of us where even CNN then
is bailed out and said yeah this is just
lawfare you do that right in front of me
right in front of me right in front of
my face you're doing that and
you want me to believe that the
2020 election run by the same bag of
 was clean now I don't have any
specific evidence that the election was
rigged in a way that would make a
difference I don't personally but you
know what the proof is the proof is this
 trial you do this right in front
of my face do not ask me to say
ever that I think the 2020 election was
not rigged it's obviously rigged
because if they would do this right in
front of my
face they would do
anything they told you Trump was Hiller
you think they stopped at doing the easy
legal stuff to stop him no it's obvious
that 2020 was rigged and I don't want to
hear a argument about how much
evidence you do or not do not have Scott
I don't need any evidence the
evidence is the goddamn trial
you put that stormy Daniel in my
face don't ask me to believe any
thing you ever say for the rest of your
 lying
lives clear
enough so we have a verdict
uh Alan dtz is talking about the stormy
case and he expects a hung jury maybe an
outright AC quiddle uh but uh he thinks
that the New York jury is just
ridiculous and that having an all New
York jury for this case would be similar
to having an old Mississippi jury for a
black defendant and acting like that was
okay did he say
Mississippi maybe he did so even dtz is
saying
without any hesitation that this is a
ridiculous case a ridiculous trial and a
ridiculous jury and a ridiculous um
prosecutor
yeah by the way the number of people who
used to vote Democrat who have turned
completely in the Democrats continues to
grow and it's the smartest Democrats
it's the ones who don't give a
 about what you think about their
opinion because they're going to give
you the one that's real
dtz for whatever else you want to say
about them you know nobody's you know
I'm not going to defend everything that
anybody does but dtz is not afraid of
your opinion of him that's why he can do
this Elon Musk is not afraid of your
opinion of him that's why he can have
free speech and used to vote
Democrat um I'm not afraid of their
opinion of me that's why I can still do
this as canceled as I am Bill Amman is
Rich enough and has had some success
with the Harvard stuff he was promoting
that he seems to have largely become
immune to criticism too so watch the
pattern every time a Democrat finds some
Freedom either because they're naturally
Brave or naturally so rich that they
don't need your
help they can speak out against what's
happening there but you have to have
that freedom or you can't do it the the
normies who would lose their job or lose
their social life or whatever they can't
do it but watch the people who can watch
the brave people they're all on the same
side meanwhile the Biden Administration
is going to raise tariffs on China's
electric vehicles and some other stuff I
think and China doesn't like it of
course blah blah blah but the real story
of course is that the Biden
Administration used to be highly opposed
to Trump when he suggested uh raising
tariffs on China but now it's their idea
oh it went from the worst idea in the
world to a good idea and then of course
it didn't take long for probably Peter
Ducey or somebody to ask Karen John
Pierre uh what's going on here because
you used to hate used to hate these
tariffs and now you're a big tariff
lovers just like Trump how do you
explain that and I'd like to give my
impression of uh Gren John Pierre trying
to answer the question why they
literally just flip-flopped on a thing
that they said was you know poison and
terrible and now they're going to do it
all right you won't be able to hear this
if see this if you're on the uh just the
audio but I'd like to give you my
physical impression of her face when ask
that question
and that ladies and
gentlemen is capitulation face
capitulation total capitulation they
know they lost they know that unless
they cheat they don't have a
chance the the game is over and they
know it and they know they're liars and
they know everybody knows it and they
know that Ken jeanpier will go down in
history as the worst spokesperson of all
time and I think she's figured it out by
now so here's what the uh Trump campaign
should do they should do a commercial in
which they show all the ways in which
Biden has is trying to turn into Trump
now it's small ways because he's not
successful let's say closing the Border
but uh is not uh isn't it true that
Biden is doing some things that he's
reversing some things that he reversed
from Trump so there should be at this
point maybe three to five examples where
Biden is just becoming Trump after
criticizing him for the thing that he's
now doing would that be true if it is
true that there's three to five of them
it's a perfect campaign commercial you
just show the before and after and and
and then you do a funny thing at the end
where you show all right here's how I do
the commercial I do a split screen a
picture of Biden and
Trump and then you show Biden saying I
will never do sanctions sanctions are a
stupid idea and then you show the next
clip where he's and we're doing some
sanctions and then you go back to the
split screen except you slightly morph
the picture of Biden into
Trump and then you do it again on
another topic and you come back to the
split screen and now now Biden's hair is
turning orange you know what I mean and
by the end you just have two
trumps anyway maybe that would be bad
because then the Democrats would say
well I don't want to vote for either of
these trumps but I guess that would be
good because they wouldn't
vote all
right well Trump is leading in five an6
swing States there's a new uh New York
Times Philadelphia Inquirer Sienna
College poll
and Trump is up by let's see in a
two-man race why do we even keep
reporting a two-man race it's not a two-
man
race why are we even polling
that what's the point of that it's like
all right and now we're going to do a
poll if Biden were running against a
bear well he's not really running as a
bear oh now we'll do a poll in which
nobody's running against
him but there are people running against
him well now we'll do a poll in which
it's just a one-on-one
matchup you might as well do the
bear because it's not a one-on-one
matchup why why do I even look at
that so let's let's forget the two-man
race
statistics in a three in a three person
race plus um Trump's lead is sourced and
nine points in Arizona 14 in Nevada
and stayed the same around eight points
in
Georgia now I remind you that's not
enough anything short of a double
digigit lead in all of the Swing States
or at least enough swing States isn't
enough just look at the Stormy Daniels
trial remind yourself it's the same
 who are going to run the
election if you if you're looking at the
stormy trials and you don't see anything
that looks legal or
appropriate same people going to run the
election you're going to have to win by
double digits to to squeak by because
the the cheat's going to be in in just
full full force in my
opinion um Trump has a new video and and
says we will not comply if the he's
saying that the uh the leftwing lunatics
are trying to use bird flew to rig the
2024 election and he's saying that uh if
they try to put mandates on to try to
change the election results because that
can change the mix of people who end up
voting uh he says that you we should we
will not comply with mandates we will
not comply how much do you love
that it's perfect I I'll tell you I I
don't know who exactly is advising Trump
this time
but my God it's just perfect yeah this
is one of the biggest Untold Stories the
biggest untold story is that Trump has
been Pitch Perfect and you you don't
notice it because there's no
flaws the reason you don't notice that
his messaging is so good this time
around is that it's Flawless this is
Flawless here he is again making you
think past the sale he's making you
think what you will do when they cheat
think about that he's not telling you to
think about whether or not they'll
cheat he's making you think past the
cheat to you will not comply with the
mandates he's putting it out there that
there's no way they can win unless they
cheat is that good form it's perfect
it's perfect yeah and my God he's just
been so good
campaigning I think the best ever
really I think I could put that that
marker down that his current
campaign from jail not jail but from
court from
court if you add his messaging his
videos the you know the rallies that he
can do when he has time if you put it
all
together it's the best presidential
campaign of all time
probably and I don't think you'll ever
get the credit for it because that's
just not the way it works might be the
best of all
time Obama was good and Bill Clinton was
also great so I'm talking about and
Reagan of course but so I'm talking
about a very high standard and I think
he crossed
it anyway Biden is uh saying the polling
is
wrong so so the Democrats are also
priming you for the for the steel except
they're doing it the other way so
Charlie Kirk is pointing out in a post
um that attorney general meric Garland
uh he's referring to a video flanked by
Deputy AG Lisa Monaco and FBI director
Chris Ray gives an update on how the
election threats task force has quote
accelerated its
work the election threats task force has
accelerated its work now why do they
need to work so fast or so hard to
protect an election which has already
been so protected that we don't even
have any questions about
2020 H seems like two things in complete
opposites and they're trying to make you
believe both they're trying to make you
believe
opposites and then Charlie Kirk goes on
he says that last week secretary mayoras
announced the DHS is working with the
FBI and ramping up with intensity to
respond to the quote election threats
including quote far extremist activity
and to combat spreaders of
disinformation huh spreaders of
disinformation what do you do when you
hear that
phrase well if Mike Ben has taught us
anything if you're fighting the
spreaders of misinformation you're
really in the business of creating
misinformation and stopping real
information will you also stop some
misinformation yes yes you will your net
will get some real misinformation too
but that's not the point of
it nobody believes that's the point of
it the point of it is to turn off the
voices they don't like boost the voices
they do like and to rig the
election
um and Joe Biden said last week that
Trump will not accept the results of the
election despite Trump being ahead in
the
polls and Biden is tell trying to tell
us that the polling is wrong so here's
the
setup he's going to tell you the polling
is wrong that Trump's not really up by
10 points or Whatever It Is by then then
they'll steal the
election and then Trump will claim it
was stolen and people will act you know
act out their beliefs and then he'll put
them in
jail it's very clear what the plan
is he's going to find ways to just jail
everybody who complains when they steal
the election and they're just going to
say the polling was wrong and Gaslight
us
now would I have said that this is
likely to happen if I were not watching
the Stormy Daniels trial right in front
of my face probably not probably
not but when you're doing the stormy
thing in front of me I do believe that
they are planning to rig the election I
do believe that they're gaslighting You
by saying the polls are wrong and that
that their excuse will be oh the polls
are wrong um and why is he complaining
we better put him in
jail right in front of your
face
um CNN had a episode van Jones and some
other folks uh talking about losing how
the Democrats are losing or Biden is
losing the young black Hispanic
voters and uh they note that Trump is at
20% black support in polls which would
be the most of any Republican since the
1964 Civil Rights
Act that's right Trump is on the verge
of breaking modern records for black
support wow
um the and that he's using the losing
the young and Van Jon says he's losing
the young because they don't seem to
have a pathway for Success if you're
young you don't have a pathway for
success is that
true didn't they tell us that uh the
employment situation is
great so if you're getting out of
college the Democrats are saying you're
getting out of college when the
employment is
great so just because of the
inflation they can't make it
work so Biden's
inflation is really the only thing
that's keeping people from succeeding
eding because they can definitely get a
job I mean we have close to Full
Employment and if you you have a college
education you don't think you can get a
job of course you could unless you you
graduated from Columbia or some
hole like
that so but there's a better story here
all right so they're losing the the
using so this is CNN's frame they're the
Democrats are losing black support hisp
IC support and young people what are
they not
saying what what's the dog not
barking do you notice they don't mention
gender it's the men the men are the ones
who are leaving the Democrat Party The
Men Who are young the men who are black
the men who are Hispanic now they're
they're women too but the big picture
the real story if they were not lying to
you is that men are abandoning the
Democrat Party do you know why they want
to tell you that it's these groups which
is bad enough I mean CNN definitely
doesn't want to tell you that young
people black people and Hispanics are
leaving the Democrat Party but they are
they're telling you directly do you know
why why would they tell you that
directly when you know it's bad for
their own
interests they're telling you that
because the truth is worse the the truth
is that it's the men in those groups
that are leaving do you know why that's
worse because if that ever becomes the
dominant frame that men are abandoning
the Democrat Party because it's
the whole thing falls
apart it's pretty obvious to most people
that the Democrat Party is dominated by
batshit crazy
women now if anybody's new to my live
streams um do do you mind I'm going to
take a moment to talk to the dumb people
who are new this is only for the dumb
people when I talk about a group like
women or
Hispanics I never ever ever mean every
one of them is the same I never mean
that so if I don't say it every time you
don't need to say are you treating
like no you don't have to do
that because my audience is actually
people who are not idiots so
when I mention a group they
automatically know I don't mean every
person in the group so if you're new
this will come as a big surprise to you
so welcome to the
group welcome to sanity this is what it
looks
like so uh I'm going to make it my uh my
push to make sure that everybody
understands that this is a male female
difference not just a racial and age
difference mostly male and female and
that if they were to understand the
correct frame they would know it's not
division it's men who understand that
the country is at risk why is it
men what do you
think you tell
me why are men abandoning
Democrats well first of all they notice
that they're bat crazy and that
they're you know pushing the LGBT Q Plus
and trans train way
harder than any Common Sense makes sense
by the way I'm I'm Pro Trans Pro
lgbtq
completely but I don't need to hear
about it all the time every day like
sometimes I like to think about other
things and it's
hard um you're seeing
also that men I believe
are they're
evolutionarily pred disposed to be good
at
self-defense meaning that if uh you know
bad people attacked you and you were in
a crowd the crowd would automatically
form so that the women would run to the
back and the men would run to the front
and through great danger they would try
to address the threat it's just natural
right the the women don't run to the
front of the fighting line the men do
and we don't even think about it it's
just literally automatic there we would
run toward the the guy with the gun
right it's
automatic so when we watch the Democrats
destroying the country and opening the
border and I think the border is the
number one thing honestly it's the
biggest thing there's no human regular
male with regular testosterone who can
look at that and say that's okay we we
can let that go no you can't let that go
if you've got a and you've balls
and you've got a little bit of
testosterone you will close the
border it's not really a conversation to
Noodle about it's not a debate you close
your border if you've got any
male qualities whatsoever we're built
that way and if you listen to the
batshit crazy women about what the
Border should or should not do you're
really making a huge
mistake now are there things that women
should be the dominant voice in you know
the reverse of this yes and none of you
agree with me but I'll say it over and
over again because I don't give a
what you
think in my opinion the question of
abortion and the abortion
laws should be primarily the voice of
women for the same reason they've
evolved to have this extra
responsibility and the people who have
the most responsibility
should be the ones who have you know the
most say that's just a good system now
I'm not saying that you men shouldn't
weigh in have your opinion because our
system allows that I wouldn't change it
but the person who the people who have
the most influence should just be the
women and and by the way I don't think
Trump can say that because he's got too
many men who
care but I'd love to hear it I'd love to
hear him say um let's take this out of
my hands because I think you're all
happier with that who who wants me to be
in charge of your bodies nobody right
imagine Trump saying that how many of
you want me in charge of your bodies
because I I took myself out of that
business by making sure that I had the
right judges who would put it back to
the
States now if you want to talk to the
states I think women should be the
dominant opinion there you know
everybody gets a sax
but I think we'd have a better outcome
if women were the dominant voice of what
becomes legal and what doesn't in each
state now that is
completely takes all the energy out of
it because it's hard to argue with
somebody who wants to give you more
control isn't
it hey stop controlling our bodies oh
that's what I'm trying to do I'm trying
to make sure I have no say on your body
and you know if it's up to me other men
would have less to say in this this than
the women because you're going to get
about the same result whether it was
only women deciding or men plus women it
ends up being looking about the same
it's not going to be different but you
at least you feel more comfortable with
it well the publication public that
Michael shellenberger is involved with I
think he's a
Founder uh has a story today that says
in 2021 the UK government said it had
not weaponed the Army's information
Warfare unit the 77th Brigade against
the British
people why would anybody weaponized the
Army's information Warfare unit against
their own
people why is that even a
topic oh co the
pandemic sound
familiar sounds a little like what
happened here isn't it he goes on now
newly released and never before reported
documents
show that the government mislabeled
accurate information as Mal information
H sounds familiar and sent def
defamatory misinformation to the US
government oh thanks that's what we have
allies for huh glad we have allies so
they can send some to us thanks
allies how did the Army get away with it
well according to a new
whistleblower uh it had soldiers pretend
that the British citizens upon whom they
were sping upon who whom they were
spying could
perhaps be
foreigners that doesn't even sound real
does it I think it is real but it it
it's so it's so so corrupt and it
reminds you of exactly what happened in
America right so they simply
pretended that they thought oh I guess I
was wrong but I thought these British
citizens I thought they were some kind
of
foreigners no of course they didn't
think they were foreigners they're just
trying to use some weasel to work around
so they could use the military against
their own
public Britain used the
military against their own
public just just hold that in your brain
it's like my brain doesn't even want to
entertain
that wow
and as uh as Michael shellenberger
points out in the article on
public um that was also the intention of
the Biden administration's near
identically named disinformation
governments Board of the Department of
Homeland
Security and uh they can the UK
officials considered embedding civil
servants in social media companies
the UK officials considered embedding
civil servants in social media
companies it it my my mind is so boggled
right now I was like well really
really we've heard so much bad behavior
from our governments that that you think
you're to the end of it it's like well
I'm glad we found out all the bad
behavior well no it's pretty deep well
it looks like all right well let's talk
about Biden and his uh weapons delay for
Israel so you know the big story is that
Biden and blinkin are saying um that uh
they don't want to ship American weapons
to Israel to be dropped on civilian
populations in
Gaza here's my current best take on this
story it's totally fake
totally fake first of all the percentage
of Munitions they're holding up is like
1% or something so I don't even know if
it make any difference like it's not
enough to change the war so what's the
point of
it if it's not going to change the fate
of the war and indeed people argued that
having access to more Precision
Munitions would be exactly what the
Biden Administration wants which is
fewer civilian casualties so it doesn't
make sense on a Precision level it
doesn't make sense on a percentage of
the total bombs because it's not going
to stop anything from happening it's not
going to stop Israel from doing what it
wants so why do
it it's not popular
domestically why do
it the only thing I can think of is that
Biden is playing good
cop and that he wants to be free of any
accusations after the fact that he was
part of the genocide and and that he
could say um to critics when they say
Hey you supported genocide in their
opinion and he will say I never did that
in fact I tried to stop the weapons I I
tried to
Blackmail um or I guess negotiate with
Israel to uh stand down and don't go in
there so I think he's just playing good
cop to bad
cop I don't think has any like real
world consequence other than how they're
framing their own party as the not the
not the genocide
ones and then compare that
weasel to
Trump trump says Israel has a right to
win their
war I've been thinking about that all
day do you know how perfect that
sentence is Israel has a right to win
their
War uh persuasion wise it's just a
perfect
sentence because what are you going to
argue with that they have don't have a
right to win their War now it's a little
you know like all persuasion is a little
off of exact accuracy because it's not
about winning or losing it's you know
some specific Munitions Etc but just to
put it in that frame because you know if
you were in that situation this this is
the way I do it that's not as good as
the way he does it what I say the long
form is if it happened to you meaning
you're country you would act exactly
like Israel's acting or you'd want your
your government to be that way so that's
sort of the long way but he says they
have a right to win their War that's the
short way to say it and the better way
and the cleaner and more persuasive way
so good all
right well apparently
Russia Putin sometimes is so smart that
it just makes me laugh
so he's decided that U the story is that
a bunch of money from America that
should have gone into defending the
northern part of Ukraine against Russia
was just stolen by the rich people in in
Ukraine meaning that they were under
defended in a place they should have
defended
better what is what is uh Putin do he
attacks so instead of just waiting it
out which I thought he would do
because it makes Ukraine look even worse
he attacks where the story is going to
be that they can't defend themselves
because they stole all the American
money now that is like the smartest
attack of anybody who ever attacked
anything for any reason because if he
could just make us jabber about how uh
Russia wouldn't be doing this if Ukraine
hadn't stolen our money oh my God that
is such a win for him such a
win so
um as I often say Russia is a criminal
organization and so is the United States
in fact you know most of the successful
countries are criminal organizations
pretending to be something else
pretending to be de
Democratic but I'll say it again
sometimes the criminal form of
government is the most
effective because whatever you want to
say about Putin he's sort of making
things work he seems to be a good
operator I'm not I'm not defending him
morally or ethically yes he's done bad
things everybody's done bad things but
you can't argue with you know
considering the cards he's dealt kind of
makes things work and I think the United
States is a criminal organization and
could be as efficient as this but we're
not all right ladies and
gentlemen that brings me to the
conclusion of my remarks I'm going to
now speak uh privately to the special
people on locals who subscribe you could
be subscribing too if you were
at uh Scott adams. locals.com
for 365 extra Comics That You Don't See
otherwise and all of my micr lessons 274
micr lessons to make you smarter but the
locals people get that all of that and
more um and how how many hour how many
hours of uh podcasting did I do this
year like two and a half what's 2 and a
half time
365 I know that's about what I do per
day because I do an evening one as well
for the locals
people anyway back to work uh everybody
on uh Rumble and YouTube and X I will
see you tomorrow same place locals Stay
With
Me
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for