[Music]
hello everybody come on in here
we've got a new studio set up here I'm
trying out
I'm gonna try out a little bit different
sound dampening so hoping some of you
will let me know how my sound is this
morning as soon as the air conditioning
clicks off but until then you know why
you're here you're here for the dopamine
hit you're here for that great start to
the day you're here because you want the
simultaneous sip and all that goes with
it
and here it comes if you've got a cup or
a mug or glass if you have a style
Chellis or a tankard if you have a
thermos or a flask a vessel of any kind
and you filled it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee then it's time to
join me for the unparalleled pleasure of
the simultaneous it so in a few minutes
around 7:15 Pacific time 10:15 your time
or if you're watching this recorded well
it doesn't really matter but in a little
while I'm gonna be talking to a guest
who used to have Trump derangement
syndrome but doesn't anymore and so
that'll be fun
but before we do that let's hit a couple
of stories and then we'll hit a couple
more number one President Trump has
tweeted the following General Michael
Flynn the 33 year war hero who has
served with distinction has not retained
a good lawyer he has retained a great
lawyer
Sydney Powell best wishes and good luck
to them both so reading between the
lines would you imagine the general
Flynn has to worry about going to jail
I'm gonna say no
because I think the president is
signaling fairly clearly that somebody
was such a good lawyer I mean a really
good lawyer a really great lawyer that's
a kind of lawyer that can get you off on
just about everything now people are
saying that I'm looking at overexposed I
wonder if that's because of this queue
we'll do a little experiment here and
move this away the lighting by the way
is exactly the same so those would be a
more common thing about the lighting
you're probably thinking to yourself oh
yeah that totally fixed it didn't it
damn it
so what I was testing was the sound
dampening of that thing but apparently
that's not gonna work all right so I
would expect that general Flynn will get
a pardon if a pardon is ever necessary
but in any case I don't think you have
to worry about him going to jail that's
the first thing number the next thing is
you saw the story about Joe Biden saying
that if he got elected president he
would cure cancer and so there are lots
of funny headlines about Joe Biden
promising to to cure cancer now I'm
gonna put that in the category of
hyperbole or just you know common common
political talk so I don't think that we
should in any real sense worry about
Biden saying he's gonna cure a cancer
what he means is he'll put more
attention on it and he's optimistic
about it so that makes a it makes a fun
headline the say Biden says he's going
to cure cancer but it's sort of like the
the old fake headlines about Al Gore you
remember everybody said Al Gore says
he's gonna or he took credit for
building the Internet
he says he invented the internet that
was always fake news what Al Gore did
say is that he helped get the funding
for the early version of the Internet
and without that it would
have happened or so we can imagine and
so in a very real way Al Gore was part
of inventing the internet he he invented
the funding for it there were a lot of
people who were involved in the
technology but Gore decided to just sort
of go with it and say okay you know
maybe I over claimed about that but he
actually didn't over claimed his role
was very important
likewise if Biden were president he
saying he would put a lot of money into
cancer it's all the same thing so I'm
gonna be consistent and saying neither
those means anything but Biden did have
a much funnier statement that get one of
the best gaffes of all times in which
biden was talking to a group and biden
was looking sort of like senior citizen
who was a little bit confused and he
said and i quote this is an actual quote
from joe biden talking to an audience i
think i'm either he was talking about
the president giving him nicknames and
he says quote i think i'm either low IQ
or slow i don't know what i am slow Joe
Biden so President Trump has Joe Biden
telling groups of people that he's
either slow or low IQ but he doesn't
know now of course this is sort of added
context with me here like this but just
the fact that Biden is making an
audience wonder if he had been called
slow or low IQ when in fact he had been
called sleepy now everyone in the world
except Joe Biden noticed that President
Trump called him sleepy everyone knows
that apparently the only person who
didn't know his own nickname was Joe
Biden but he took a good guess he
probably thought well if I were gonna
make it a nickname about me what would I
do I'd probably go as slow or maybe
light at low IQ I don't think he was
thinking that but it's just funny that
his guesses were were worse than the
actual nickname
and then he said he didn't know I don't
know what it was he called me I don't
know I would say that Biden Biden's
chances of winning the election are
essentially zero at this point
the chances of somebody else getting
nominated in winning the election are
slightly more than 0 but Biden's a zero
anyway the other big news is that there
are there's something weird happening in
the Gulf of Oman you know about this
so apparently two tankers have been
attacked it was some kind of projectile
we don't know the details but apparently
they were they had cargo for Japan at
the same time that Japan's a Bay is
talking to Iran about maybe fixing
things in terms of Iran's relations with
the world and Iran actually showed the
film on TV and Iran actually rescued the
sailors and so Rams foreign minister is
saying that this attack is beyond
suspicious so even Iran is acting like
guys this is really suspicious and it
wasn't us do you believe it I think I'm
going to say probably true so my my very
preliminary subject to revision later is
that probably Iran at least the
government of ran it was not aware of
what was going on so that's interesting
because it makes you wonder well who
would be doing such a thing
I don't think it would be pirates but
who would be doing such a thing
now maybe we'll just find out it was
just Iran and they're they're just lying
about it but there isn't any obvious
reason they would do that so what's
missing is the reason so that is very
suspicious
all right I of course will talk about
Trump and him wanting to have
information even if it came from a
foreign source but I'll do that after I
talk to my guests which I'm going to
have on in a little bit here's something
interesting
Jordan Peterson has announced they's
getting close to releasing some software
I guess he was involved with it some
kind of app that would compete with
social media now it was I suppose it
would could be with Facebook and Twitter
I'm not sure what else it would compete
with yeah so the name of it is a think
spot you see it in the comments a think
spot - one word and the idea is that
nobody would be banned for any kind of
free speech unless it was something
illegal now here's the problem here's
the problem in order for it to make a
difference in the world it has to be
commercially successful I think you'd
agree if it's not commercially
accessible successful than in the long
run it can survive now the social media
networks have evolved to where they are
because they pursued profitability any
new platform that also needs to survive
and maintain some kind of profitability
to do so is going to find itself moving
in the same direction for exactly the
same reasons so what I don't understand
yet and maybe maybe I will understand
this later is has Jordan Peterson fixed
the business model because it's not just
about free speech there's something
wrong with the business model and it
looks like he's reproduced a business
model that has two states it either
can't survive because too many you know
bad people and racists and stuff will
come over and say things that are legal
to say but are so bad that they would
drive other people off the platform
so if you don't if you
don't control that group the way the
other social networks have you end up
losing your business model and then
there's no platform at all because
there's no money to support it so that's
my curiosity and it could be I mean it
could be that maybe you don't have to do
anything
maybe you just put it out there and
maybe people come and maybe they use it
so it could be that nothing needs to be
fixed but I have a real curiosity about
how you can have free speech and also
have a successful business model which
you would need to support the free
speech if the other social media
platforms couldn't do it with all of
their resources all of their experience
all of their let's face it they are
geniuses the you know the top people who
work for the social media companies
people making this kind of decision are
literally geniuses and they're putting
all of their energy into figuring this
stuff out and they can't apparently they
can't figure it out so if somebody else
can that'd be great
all right I'm gonna be switching my
microphone and seeing if my guest is
there yet so bear with me
we're gonna have a little audio
disruption I've done everything right
something like a new sound will be
coming towards you right now all right
let me see if I can oh yeah let me you
see damn it I just realized that the
option isn't showing so there's an
option here that I'm supposed to be
selecting to to show a guest and that
option isn't showing so there's
something that happened when I was
traveling that that took off that option
so Joshua if you're listening this isn't
going to work today because I would have
to stop and restart it which I'm not
to do because it confuses people so
we're gonna have to abort for today
[Music]
sorry about that
we'll try to reschedule that again so
there are some options that need to be
set before this goes live they had
always been set permanently so I didn't
have to set them but both the
notification and the guest feature
seemed to have turned off for reasons
that I don't know it wasn't anything I
did intentionally but I see the option
doesn't it doesn't show they're all
right so I apologize for that well we'll
get back to that let's talk about the
main story of the day so George
Stephanopoulos interviewed the president
and asked him about the topic was Don
jr. was testifying again and the subject
of his original meeting in Trump Tower
with the Russian lawyer came up and
president was asked about that and the
president said that I want to get his
exact words president said it's not an
interference they have information I
think I'd take it if I thought there was
something wrong I'd go maybe to the FBI
if I thought there was something wrong
the president said now how was that
covered by the media
well predictably the media made a lot of
fake headlines who my favorite fake
headline was let's see it was a BuzzFeed
who just had the best fake headline than
that uh so BuzzFeed said Trump finally
told the truth
he needs Russia to win and then the
other media is saying he'd he just put a
price on the presidency now anybody can
give him some information that stuff all
right so let me tell you why the press
doesn't understand what's going on in
this situation and lots others so my
book coming up in the first part of
November
called loser think it talks about this
very thing it talks about the fact that
if you have experience in certain
certain fields then you have better
vision into situations so if your only
experience for example had been in media
and communications and being a reporter
you would have a blind spot for business
so president Trump comes in with lots of
inference of knowledge about how the
media works but on top of that he's also
a business business expert you could say
he's very experienced in it now here's
the difference if you talk to an
experienced business person and you say
here's a situation there's a citizen
from Russia who has some information do
you want to hear it if you're a member
of the press and you don't really
understand how the world works you might
say where's that person from that /
thats a citizen of Russia my god I have
to get the FBI involved and say you call
the FBI you say FBI I've got a meeting
with somebody who's a Russian citizen I
just wanted to alert you of it what does
the FBI say I don't think they say uh-oh
we'd better put a sting on this well
we'll get right on it maybe they might
but far more likely they'd say you can
talk to anybody you want it's not really
illegal to talk to anybody now actually
they probably would do something about
it because you know they they can't
ignore this stuff but here's the thing
if you're an experienced business person
and somebody says I've got this
important information come meet with me
what do you as an experienced business
person make of that well I'm an
experienced business person I've had
many years of lots of different
experience in big corporations startups
my own business etc I'll tell you what
I'd think about it
it's not real the first thing you think
about it
it says something like 75 to 90% chance
that the meeting is nothing that you'll
show up and the topic will be something
else there is a if you're experienced
and you get this kind of an offer hey
we've got information they'll be very
valuable to you if you're experienced
you say to yourself that's almost
certainly not true this is somebody who
wants to get in the room with me for
maybe another reason a bait-and-switch
the most common thing in the world is
for somebody who wants to get in a
meeting for you to over promise but just
in case just in case there's some kind
of information an experienced person
would say well I'll listen to it in the
very unlikely situation that it's a
problem some kind of national security
things something illegal happened well
then I will judge it then when I have
the information I will judge whether I
should get the FBI involved the people
were inexperienced in business or just
an experienced in life are saying the
opposite they're saying no no I would
avoid even the even the appearance of
impropriety because you don't want to
get information from the Russian
government what's wrong with that
statement
what did Don Jr think he was going to a
meeting with Putin
what did did Jared and Don jr. and was
it Manta Ford when they when they heard
about this meeting did they say to
themselves hey we're going to a meeting
and Putin's gonna be there and he's
going to give us some state secrets no
but people responding to the story are
acting like that's what actually
happened so the people who are getting
cognitive dissonance because the
president is is laying some common sense
and experience on them that is
completely counter to what they think is
true and right and smart so the
president in this case is being rational
smart and experienced of course you
listen to a first
because it's probably nothing almost
almost 90% or so chance that is nothing
so you're not gonna get the FBI involved
on something that's almost certainly
nothing secondly it wasn't Putin in the
meeting
it was literally somebody your friend
knows who happens to be a Russian
citizen so when Don junior went to the
meeting he thought he had a meeting with
a person who just happened to be Russian
it didn't mean that she got her
information from Putin it doesn't mean
she's a Russian poot a puppet everybody
talks about everybody you know if you
talk to anybody from Russia
who's got at least a college education
somebody's gonna say that they're
connected to the Kremlin it's just sort
of automatic you know anybody is
connected to the Kremlin over there
but if your friend says hey there's
somebody I want to talk to there's this
is Russian lawyer she's got some
information you would find useful you're
not you don't feel like you're talking
to Russia you feel like you're talking
to your friends your friends friend
that's it it's in the building there's a
meeting downstairs would you walk
downstairs would you walk downstairs to
talk to somebody that your friends said
you should talk to that as far as you
know is just a citizen of Russia which
probably wouldn't make any difference
now keep in mind that at the time of the
meeting nobody had ever mentioned
anything about Russia collusion Russia
interference with the meeting so you
have to take yourself back in time and
put yourself in the heads of the people
who took the meeting there was no
indication that something was a big red
flag so first you find out and then if
it's problem you do something about it
here's the other thing that the
inexperienced people don't understand if
Russia has some information that they
want you to have they're gonna get it to
you right period if Russia has some
information that they want you to have
for whatever reason they're gonna get it
to you whether it's that meeting or they
leaked it to somebody or they
leave it laying on a photocopy or
whatever if Russia intelligence had any
information that they wanted the public
or even any member of the the team to
know of course they're gonna let them
know somehow of course so the thing that
the inexperienced people are failing to
understand is that the only thing that
was a decision in terms of president
Trump's hypothetical of whether he would
listen to it or even Don juniors actual
in which he went to a meeting to see
what was was up what they're all missing
in looking at this is that this wasn't
the one time that this information could
be put out it wasn't the only way that
Russia had to get information to
somebody that was it turns out that he
didn't have any information but had they
had information that meeting whether it
happened or not would have no impact on
whether the information eventually was
disseminated disseminated so here's the
decision that an experienced person
would say they would say the information
is going to come out if it's useful to
anybody it's gonna come out for sure
why wouldn't you want to hear about it
soon it's gonna come out anyway
if it's real or even if it's a rumor
it's gonna come out so the president
quite reasonably said and how many times
if I told you that the president doesn't
leave free money on the table this is a
free money on the table situation
somebody said I might have something
that might be worth something
information wise might be worth
something and so the president said all
right I'll pick up this free information
but it turns out there wasn't any free
information in the d'Anjou to your case
they didn't have anything anyway so the
president is just giving people a dose
of experience and a dose of common sense
and a dose of how the real world works
but the press and most of the public are
not experienced and so they're saying
things like well only a traitor would
listen to information that's not true
I would definitely take that meeting in
fact somebody says it's against the law
it's not it's not against the law to
listen to somebody talk there are no
situations in which you can go to jail
for listening to somebody talk in in the
building in your own in your own
building there's no situation where
that's illegal and it would be silly to
think that could ever be the case now it
might be illegal to act on things it
might be illegal to do something but
there will never be a situation where
listening to somebody talk in the United
States in your own room is illegal okay
now people are saying you know it would
have a monetary value blah blah blah but
what is the monetary value of
information that somebody tells you I
don't I don't see it as a real problem
so the president is getting the media
all worked up about that but so look
look for this bit of cognitive
dissonance when online you can see it
already on Twitter when the anti-trump
errs are saying it's obviously treason
and any smart person would have alerted
the FBI right away etc there is a
hallucination in that the hallucination
is that this meeting happened in 2019 or
it happened sometime after the word rush
occlusion became a you know a phrase at
the time nobody had ever heard of any of
this Russia collusion stuff it was just
somebody who happened to be a Russian
citizen it wasn't about Russia so you
always listen to it first and used to
decide what to do
alright diamond and silk had a great
observation that I thought was funny
so Kamala Harris has said that the
president should be investigated and if
he did anything illegal then the justice
system
should do its thing it's being over
reported that come lares is saying the
president should go to jail or she tried
to put it in jail
that's not exactly what she said what
she said was she would let the legal
system do what the legal system does
which is exactly the same as saying
nothing but you know the the Republican
press is is reporting it like she said
she wants to put the president in jail
that could be the result of the justice
system just doing its normal stuff but
it's not what she said what she said is
how about having a legal system that
does what a legal system do does that's
all she said
anyway diamond is silk had a great
comment on a tweet they said about
Kamala Harris if no one is above the law
because Moll heiress was saying that the
president is not above law so that
wouldn't so excite if no one is above
the law why are we giving health care to
illegal immigrants now they they they
say it in a provocative way but the the
better question is if no one is above
the law is that a standard that you
would apply to people coming to the
country illegally or would you treat
them like no no law had been broken
that's a really diabolically clever
question because all of the conversation
about what the president did or did not
do or did he obstruct or blah blah blah
is about the president not being above
the law but the other biggest topic in
the country is about tens of millions of
people who are breaking our law and half
of the country has decided that it
doesn't matter now I'm not giving you my
opinion on immigration if it sounded
like it that's not the intention I'm
simply saying that it is objectively
true a large population of this country
are here illegally and that the people
who keep saying nobody's above the law
have explicitly said that this group is
above the law explicitly they're saying
it in clear language I'm not I'm not I'm
not over interpreting they're saying
here's the law they violated it we're
going to give them some
Ward's for violated the law how about
some healthcare and again I'm not giving
you my opinion on how much immigration
we should have and whether they should
have health care that we could talk
about that another time I'm just saying
it's a gigantic trap that every time
they say the president shouldn't be
above the law it just kills them on
their other biggest topic and I think
it's funny
or maybe it's or maybe it's maybe it's
illuminating I wouldn't say it's funny
I'll say it's illuminating that the the
place that I got this is from diamond
and silk turns out to be one of the
specific