oh bomb yeses me twice in one day twice
but this is just gonna be a single topic
it's it's a hot story and it's fun so I
wanted to get in on here and share it
all right as soon as we get a thousand
people will jump into it you have fresh
coffee
well then join me for the second
simultaneous sip of the day
grab your beverage let's go yeah that's
cold coffee whoo the simultaneous sip
seemed like a whole much better idea
until I tasted it all right so the news
story is this Nancy Pelosi has suggested
that the President of the United States
is no longer welcome I would say to give
the State of the Union to the house
the typical way it's done she claims
rather disingenuously that there's a
security issue because maybe the
security won't be paid and therefore
they would have bad security of course
that's not true because the security
professionals are not gonna let the
President of the United States get
killed because because their paycheck
was late I think you need a little bit
of trust that at that level of
professionalism by the time you're
chosen to protect the President of the
United States you're a little you're a
little beyond the well you know let's
let them die today I didn't get paid I
don't think that's gonna happen
but that's not my point I'll let the
pundits make the obvious points here's
my point just think of the situation
here the State of the Union the way it
is typically done and the way Nancy
Pelosi says she doesn't want it done is
the most boring presentation in the
world I think we all agree with that
right many of us will watch it because
it's the president but really it's the
most boring setting the most boring
controlled prompter reading situation
you could ever have
and it's not really even that good
visually because you can see half of the
people acting you know like they don't
like it so half the people aren't even
going to be clapping so this isn't this
is really the worst situation for this
president now here's the fun part
apparently the White House has not
directly addressed this this lack of
invitation
now Rand Paul has said hey bring it over
to the Senate but the Senate would just
be another boring place to do it and it
would be sort of feeling like you gave
in to Nancy Pelosi you know right yeah
you she got what she wanted and you
still have a boring State of the Union
nobody wins although I appreciate that
Rand Paul like always he always has the
best sort of the most you know freshest
idea is a lot of different stuff so I
continue to be impressed that he seems
more solution where he had to then
politically oriented but here's here's
what I wanted to get on here and have a
laugh with you about this president the
most entertaining president of all time
even if you don't like him you're gonna
agree with that right he is the most
theatrical the most performance oriented
the most show must go on
the most you know bring me the attention
the most interesting just the most
entertainment oriented president of all
time and everybody would agree with that
right both sides would agree with this
point and they just allowed him to be
free they just they just released the
Kraken he's the most entertaining person
in the world who is only stopped in his
entertainment value by the the context
of the State of the Union and now he's
free
now I don't know how this will turn out
but I want to at least suggest that if
the way Larry yep yes be right down all
right here good do something but I just
want to suggest that they freed the
president to make this an entertaining
event which will be the best State of
the Union of all times now I don't know
that he'll go that way but they've
they've the but Pelosi's play is this
huge strategic blunder in which he gets
to go from a boring thing to maybe the
best thing that ever happened that's all
I need to say today I think I would
think it's hilarious and I will talk to
you later