but um pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom yep I'm back back for a second bite
of the Apple two periscopes in one day
how lucky can you be but every now and
then I need to dip back into the social
stream to solve the big problems so I
thought I'd take a swing at it now I
always start with optimism which is I
can solve that problem until somebody
tells me I can't I do have a pretty long
track record of doing things that seem
impossible to observers so I thought
well why don't I take a swing at this
NFL kneeling situation I'll give you
some background first when if you think
way back in the Colin Kaepernick era
when he was the first one kneeling and
he was protesting police treatment of
African Americans and I said and still
say that is a good protest now by good
protest I don't mean you you liked it I
don't mean that it's good for football
I'm not saying that I'm not saying that
it's entertaining I'm not saying it
belongs on a football field
none of that what I'm saying is that the
fact that he got our attention and he
did it in a way that was completely
peaceful and in fact the conversation
that Colin Kaepernick started is still
ongoing so you're hearing my dog
coughing in the background so if you're
gonna rate Colin Kaepernick's
effectiveness at getting attention for
an issue a plus
that doesn't mean you like it all right
you can heed what it's doing to football
you can disagree with a message you can
you can have all kinds of criticisms but
you can't argue with the fact that he
made you think about something you were
to thinking about before and made the
think about it a plus but things evolved
the president gotten got involved he
reframed it as more of a something
that's disrespectful for the country
he's the the president by his office as
the sort of the the keeper of the brand
you know the American brand and he
didn't like it he didn't he didn't like
that this was working against the brand
and it and even though the message was
about police treatment the president
said well it's also disrespectful to the
flag and that part I don't like now of
course because he's so influential the
president a lot of people bought into
that framing and started to see it more
about anti-american anti flag which
really was not the point it was not the
point at all the point was originally
and continues to be about the police now
you might also remember that when black
lives matter was essentially amplifying
the same message that I offered to black
lives matter if they and also offered to
Kaepernick in public not privately but
in public I've offered through my blog
and periscopes that if there is if
there's any specific suggestion for how
to go about making things better that I
would help amplify that which I did so
hagh Newsom came up with a set of
specific suggestions and I talked about
them on periscope and by the way I think
it was my most widely watched periscope
these were specific suggestions about
changes rule policy changes that the
police could consider that might make
things better I'll give you just a
couple of quick examples one of them is
that the one of these suggested rule
changes is that if a perpetrator who's
in custody says he or she needs medical
treatment right away that the police
don't act like doctors but rather they
get them the treatment
now I don't know if that's a good idea
because maybe it causes people to to use
that loophole to try to get away you
know there may be reasons that that's
not a good idea but it's certainly a
specific suggestion and it's certainly
something that you could test and then
compare it to people who are not doing
that and then you'd be moving forward
even if slowly and that would be
progress so that's a simple one but
here's the part that's missing from them
let me give you another one so an Hawk
also suggests that if a police officer
lies on a police report and the topic of
the police report and this part is
important if the topic was about let's
say a shooting of an unarmed person and
if they lie on the police report about
the shooting of an unarmed person that
they go to jail the police officer does
now
again there this might be more
complicated than that suggestion would
lead you to think there might be more to
this and if we haven't heard all sides
you don't want to jump in and say oh
yeah that makes sense because you've
only heard part of it but here's what's
missing and I thought I would take a run
at filling in the the missing part so
you've got protesters saying hey we want
something changed you've got at least a
few suggestions that are specific from
black lives matter and specifically from
Hawk Newsom and you've got now we're
seeing police organizations coming out
against the NFL specifically I think the
some police association came out against
the Miami Dolphins because some of their
players protested here's what's missing
where is the actual conversation where
somebody on somebody in charge at the
police level is engaging on these
suggestions where's that now maybe it's
happening but I don't know where that's
happening to you is there anybody in the
administration who's talking about it
is there any working group is there
anything like that I don't believe there
is so I'd like to kick-start that a
little bit and offer that if there's
somebody who's high up in any police
organization who would like to just have
a conversation about some of these
suggestions to give us a sense whether
they're even worth pursuing because it
might be that when you hear that
somebody who actually knows what they're
talking about and I'm certainly not one
of those people if somebody actually
understands you know police work and and
the the situation on the ground if they
hear these suggestions and say oh yeah
that's something we can work with
haven't we moved the ball forward and if
they say no it won't work
and here's the reason why it won't work
heaven we also moved the ball forward in
the sense that we've engaged we've we've
satisfied black lives matter primary
point which is are you taking us
seriously do we matter and if you're not
even having a conversation on the
details and on the specifics it's hard
to say that you think they matter I mean
maybe you do when your internal thoughts
but if you're not acting like it matters
that's a tough argument to make that
you're hearing the message hey you know
do our lives matter so in a
demonstration that black lives matter
and let's not play with the logo I know
you all want to jump in and say all
lives matter but that just makes things
worse because that's just a given
you don't need to state that all lives
matter because we're all on that page
but do we hear the message that black
lives matter and that there might be an
issue there yes I hear that message and
I'm willing to do something about it
with actual actions and so I invite
somebody who's high up and I'd want
somebody who's got some decision-making
experience somebody who's maybe they had
of an organization a police organization
or perhaps the Chief of Police of some
major metropolitan area you know Chief
of Police of Chicago would be a
just somebody who could come on and just
engage with the specific suggestions I
don't know if they're good ones are bad
but I know you've got people saying
we've got a problem you've got the
police saying hey you stop complaining
about police and I don't see anybody
talking about the suggestions so let's
make that happening now am I the right
person to do that absolutely not
I'm totally not the right person but I
might be able to kick-start it you know
if we could come up with someone who is
willing to engage on the suggestions
then maybe suggestions could be added or
modified but at least would be some kind
of an ongoing conversation and isn't
that way ahead of where we are one of
the things I love about the the current
situation with government and and maybe
the Trump administration makes us think
this way a little bit more
entrepreneurial a little bit more hey
citizens do it yourself don't let the
government solve everything you know so
perhaps you know we're in that world
where I can get on periscope and I can
say stuff like this I'm a hundred
percent sure that the right kind of
people are gonna hear it meaning people
who work in law enforcement are gonna
hear this and some of them are probably
going to contact me and say oh yeah I
know somebody or here's somebody who
could get in that conversation I just
want to see if there's anything there is
there any idea that came out of any of
this for making the world better that
would move the ball forward one of my
ideas was to have some kind of a
national database in which we're
tracking you know which communities are
doing a good job which which ones are
not and maybe we could compare and then
that gives you something to work with
there's like how it why is this
community doing so well and this one
isn't is there anything you can learn if
you don't have a big database to really
you know that you can trust I don't know
if there is one then then you can't
really move forward you've got to be
measuring stuff if you're not measuring
stuff you're not really doing anything
so that's my offer I offer to to work
with any law enforcement people who are
in a position to make a difference and
know what they're talking about to just
engage in some of the ideas and just
give us a feedback or we are we in the
right the right arena are any of these
ideas even things that aren't already
being done because it could be that
everything I just suggested is actually
the current policy how the hell would I
know I don't work in police you know in
the police field so let's find out let's
find out if we've got some ideas and
they can make a difference
that's all I had to say for now try and
move the ball forward black lives matter
listening to you I hear it and black
lives do matter and I'd love to hear
your suggestions which I have already
but I'd like to hear more of them and
I'd like to connect you with somebody
who has something to do with policing
who could maybe help us figure out if
these are good ideas let's do that and
I'll talk to you later