pom pom pom pom pom um
hey everybody come on in we got a good
one today it's gonna be it's gonna be
lit it's gonna be off the hook it's
gonna be amazing
today we're gonna have a special guest
which I'll introduce in a moment but
first things first right that's right
first things first and I think you know
what's coming up first we're a little
low on followers for some reason so let
me see if there is I think I've got a
bug here I'm gonna tweet going live live
now oh I'm gonna tweet that out because
I think the notification failed or
something
well happy weekend and I think I know
why you're here at least part of the
reason you're here yes I do it's because
you'd like to be here for the
simultaneous up I usually wait for a
thousand people but is everybody
watching the AAP or watching the
impeachment or something somebody says I
didn't get a notification yeah I think
there's something wrong with the
notifications and it might have
something to do with having a guest on
so I don't know exactly but we're gonna
find out anyway
first first if you'd like to participate
in simultaneous if all you need is a cup
of marker glass the tanker chalices die
and the canteen jug replies the vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine's here the day the
thing makes everything better
simultaneous it go
yeah yeah that's a good one
yep just as good as I thought now if
technology is working and I believe it
is I'm gonna activate my guests and give
you a little see you know my guests and
we're going to be talking to David
Scalzo founder and managing partner of
Kirin nego I hope I am pronouncing it
correctly if you're wondering why we're
gonna be talking to David Scalzo it's
because he's an investor in a company
called Clearview AI which is all over
the news
front page of New York Times controversy
everywhere
it's the app that allows law enforcement
at the moment law enforcement is using
it to take a picture of anybody could be
a dead body a John Doe a person on the
street that they've stopped and it will
tell you tell the police who it is it
will give the identification from us
photograph scary we'll find out
David can you hear me I can hear you
good morning how are you doing I'm doing
great good morning now I'm correct that
your investor in Clearview a yeah
absolutely yeah we're uh we're venture
capitalists the name of our firm is
Pierre Naga actually Japanese name
Japanese term but before we get started
I just want to say you know I'm an
engineer by training and when you're an
engineer by training you know there's
two people in the world you have a man
crush on one is Elon Musk and the other
Scott Adams so you know I I really
appreciate that I'm able to be here with
you today
well well thank you I did notice from
your biography that you've got two
degrees in engineering engineering and
then engineering management and then
you've got a an MBA from a top school in
the country so you're sort of an example
of what I talk about in terms of talents
tax you know you've you've combined
different skills together so that you've
just got a greater view of the world
which brings us to clear view ai you put
money into that your firm did
tell tell us well first describe what
the app is doing today so that we can
get a little bit of context here
absolutely so there is an explosion of
digital information out in the world
more and more people are being are
connecting to the internet and everyone
or a lot of people are posting
information it could be information on
academic journals it could be videos of
it could be people doing tick-tocks
it could be philosophy sports religion
charity everything people are putting on
and some of the most powerful tools for
humans to improve ourselves to be give
happier healthier life is using things
like search engines like Google for
instance to search for words and find
where those certain keywords come up on
the Internet so what Clear View does is
something very similar you take a
picture a photo of a person and then it
directs you to links essentially all
across the internet showing where that
person shows up in various contexts so
it is so in short it's a search engine
for faces so that you can put in
identification with the face absolutely
which is now let's talk about the the
social implications but but tell us
where it's being used how many people
are using it who is using it who has
access to it is it the public or is it
just police force yes right now it's a
start up then whenever you do is start
up you know start up 101 whether you're
at Harvard northwestern Stanford
Business School is you target a specific
industry vertical someone who is a super
user and where they're using right now
is law enforcement so there's over a
thousand independent law enforcement
agencies and so this is everything from
the federal government all the alphabet
agencies to state police departments to
County sheriff's who are elected
directly by voters to local municipal
police officers and there's independent
decisions to use Clearview now is there
it's not limited to the United States
right well right now it is but you know
the technology is definitely powerful
enough and broadly enough to to be used
elsewhere as well
all right so how to give us some use
cases tell us what crimes are solved why
do police like using this thing well if
you think about a detective any crime
show you watch what's the number one
thing they want to do they want to
generate leads who are possible suspects
and then they want to track them down
using their skills and they use credit
card data and cell phone data and all
sorts of other information fingerprints
so what Clearview does is it helps them
generate leads more quickly so if you
have a suspect in a human trafficking
Child Exploitation case and you only
have a photo of someone you can use
clear view clear view the photo and then
it will show where that person may be in
on the Internet with whether they have a
Twitter profile or a Facebook profile or
whether they're you know it's some sort
of basketball game and that generates
leads and ideas for the police officers
and detectives where it's exceptionally
powerful is when you're working with
gangs whether they are terrorist
networks whether they're drug cartels
whether they're mob games and where you
may have an inkling of one person in the
game but you may not know that the other
five six seven people and so if you take
a group photo then what you can do is
identify the other people or at least
give you some leads and then of course
our law enforcement will follow those
leads and determine whether they're you
know whether the person should be
implicated or not
all right leads our funds I haven't how
many cases have been solved tell us
about any happy endings that we know
about was so far well the New York Times
article specifies one where the Indiana
State Police have really talked about
where they busted a whole network of
unfortunately individuals who were
taking advantage of children and so
getting those people off the street is
very good there was another one and in
Florida that they talked about where a
person had a certain type of tattoo and
that tattoo was then being was able to
be matched based on that those are some
examples now what's what types of crimes
are the ones that are most likely to be
usefully
salt well it's clearly the most vile
crimes out there right it's you know
it's the Child Exploitation the human
trafficking the domestic violence the
the drug the the drug cartels terrorist
those are the ones more likely to be
solved but it's also you know for
shoplifting petty thieves assault subway
gropers is one where it's used a lot
where you have a grainy photo someone
that's you know pickpocketing on the
subway those are those are different
types of things where Clearview can be
use alright I'm watching the audience
the audience is going crazy in the
comments because they want me to push
you on the social risks so let's talk
about that so accepting that I would
imagine law enforcement would be
drooling over this product because it
allows them to identify somebody who may
not want to identify themselves or it
might be in a situation where you're not
necessarily in a conversation with them
but they've also can it be used to
identify unless is a dead body that
doesn't have identification it would do
that right oh it could it could be
helpful in that you know what I've
talked to paramedics and EMTs people and
a lot of times what you have is someone
who has had a heart attack or who's
fallen ill and there you know
unconscious and you who is this person
do we have any context and so to be used
with paramedics would be great well what
if somebody is I just saw a question a
really good question go by in the
comments what if somebody was an
undercut undercover cop and and the bad
guys got this app could they find their
undercover cops
potentially sure absolutely so so there
are like every new technology there's
going to be the good and the bad
now people are asking where did the data
come from
are you scraping only from public legal
sources do you have secret sources where
do you get your database of faces from
so we've you know let's start out what I
talked about there's an explosion of
digital information that people are
voluntarily putting up on the Internet
right and so there's millions of faces
up there and people have public person
on Facebook on LinkedIn on tick-tock on
Instagram in addition to all the other
places that informations put for
instance almost every single work employ
corporation out there has a
public-facing website that has the
pictures of for instance all the lawyers
in their firm or all the consultants in
their firm or their leadership so what
we do is we index all that public
information and then just connect the
dots essentially link it all together so
it is only public sources now there are
other things that are public sources and
that the government wants to get out
those informations are like the most
wanted list where they you know we we
link that together they have the Center
for Child Exploitation and trafficking
we link those stuff and we link those
together but it's all publicly available
information that is helpful to everyone
so I I noticed that so story that in New
Jersey is that the New Jersey police
department decided to not use it to ban
it is that do I have that information
right so there was a pronouncement by
one of the AG's of something to that
extent but let's let's take a broader
view
you know there's autonomous vehicles
that are taking photos there's gonna be
FedEx that drones flying over our heads
that are gonna be taking photos the best
thing we can do is get this technology
out to everyone because what it does is
it increases transparency and when you
increase transparency you increase trust
with people and when you have trust you
increase the opportunity for meaningful
relationships now here's what's going on
in in New Jersey and you know this is
obviously very early so I don't want to
sound too hyperbolic on how this happens
but let's say they ban this technology
and they only allow government to use
this what's gonna happen is you're gonna
have a two-class you know a Hunger Games
type society where the private where the
the politicians can live in security and
the rest of us wander among thieves and
exploiters and so what will happen in
New Jersey is more people will move to
places where it's safer like North
Carolina and Florida and we'll you know
that is the dystopian future when it's
actually banned if we are to be you
freely I creates a better society for
all of us alright let me let me let me
tell you my personal stake in this in
the sense that as a semi-famous person
my my reality is that when I go in
public people recognize me by face quite
often especially since I've been doing
the live streaming so pretty much
everywhere I go there's gonna be
somebody who recognizes me by face but
they also know because I'm a public
figure they know something they read
about me that could be bad
usually not true something you know
something about my background my
education my career so I've lived in
this world you know 20 years ahead of
the rest of you for a long time and so
you're probably wondering what would it
be like if every time I went out in
public well you know we're going to
assume that this technology creeps into
the public because it's inevitable
wouldn't you say it's inevitable that
the public will have this tool while
Peter Diamandis says there's going to be
a billion Internet connected sensors in
the next five years which means we're
going to know everything at anytime in
anywhere and so it is inevitable that
this digital information will be out
there yeah so let's just complete the
thought so if you're wondering those of
you watching this you're wondering about
yourself right you're thinking okay what
does this mean to me you know what would
happen to me how would it feel what's
life like if every time I went out
anybody who saw my face could know also
my biography and the answer is that's my
life that's exactly my life every time I
go outside people recognize me
I don't recognize that and they know my
whole biography and they and they can
treat me differently if they if they
choose to I'm sure some people
discriminate against me
because they think oh you said good
things about the president that one time
I you know I've got to be mean to him so
I've lived in that world and I got to
tell you it doesn't make much difference
so here's here's the weird thing about
it if I could snap my fingers and change
it and make all of my privacy come back
I don't know if I'd care
you know but believe it or not if you
had asked me would I choose this I
probably would said no I want my privacy
because everybody let's everybody's
first reaction right there's nobody who
wants to give up privacy if you ask them
but nobody asked me
I just lost my privacy because I let
life choices and it didn't make any
difference I can tell you I go through
life and it makes absolutely no
difference now if let's say I had a
criminal record would it make a
difference to me if people I interacted
with and knew I had a criminal record
but I saved my time I'm clean with
society what do you say about that world
where somebody who really has paid their
debt followed the rules but now it's
going to follow follow them around in a
way that it couldn't just before what
about that person what do you say to
that
yes so those so that the question is
whether information should be hidden
from people and then the second part is
whether it's relevant to decision making
or being left alone and so we're against
discrimination it's very simple so we
have laws in this country for instance
that have statues of limitations for
instance Oh
let me let me stop it right there nobody
cares about the laws in the real world
people are going to react the way they
react and they don't give a about
the law so you know people are either
gonna kick you out of the restaurant or
not or or b.a.p bad service and dirty
looks or or not hire you but they won't
say it's because of your criminal record
although what is the law in that is the
current law that if you have a criminal
record you have to disclose it or you
you can choose not to what is the law on
that well I'm not an expert in here and
and very much depends on context let's
say you're applying for a job if you're
applying for a job can the employer ask
that question I don't know what the
current laws on that well David Koch and
Charles Koch of Koch Industries very
famously have an initiative called ban
the box where they want to make it
illegal for employers to ask that
question because they want to encourage
people who have had felonies or prison
sentences and have
formed to be able to be on a level
playing field and get hired based on
their skills and and and you know
initiative rather than being
discriminated against because they have
to disclose something that maybe was
what if their crime was let's say a sex
crime
you know let's say they had raped
somebody don't you think that the other
I'm putting this on you like you have to
solve all of the world's moral and
ethical dilemmas but would the employees
of that company have a right to be to
know there's somebody who had a history
of let's say sexual assault which is
unique it's not like anything else
should they have a right to know that
hey Scott I'll just say these are very
complex issues that a lot of people need
to think about but I'll put it this way
you know based on your writing that
humans are biased right that we that we
take information and we filter it
through our own lens and decide how to
interact so the question is do we hide
what people concede we try to manipulate
their bias so they act a certain way or
do you give them all the information all
the data points so that they can have a
better sense of how they want to make a
decision and we're of the belief that
transparency is better for everyone then
trying to manipulate people by hiding
information so so let me let me do what
I always caution people to do which is
to show both sides because typically
these conversations want somebody's an
advocate for one thing or the other so
they're just going to say the costs are
just going to say the benefits so if I
can list the benefits it would be
massive improvement I mean really
substantial improvement in law
enforcement catching people who need to
get caught so that would be one benefit
another benefit would be more
information people would simply have
better more information deeper
information about other people that
could protect the people who get the
information it could be bad for the
person who's whose privacy has been
given up because they might want to hide
some things until later but certainly
good for the person who who is getting
the information that person has
benefited as somebody else's expense
but and and you make this point which is
fascinating and I'm trying to think
throughout human history can anybody
come up with an example where more
transparency was worse and I think the
the worst case scenario which you hinted
at is that when somebody has full
privacy and somebody does not that
that's your very worst situation
especially if the people have the
privacy or the government and the people
who do not are the citizens that's
horrible but it's also just as bad if
your neighbor knows everything about you
but you don't know anything about your
neighbor so this is the sort of tool
that sort of just opens Pandora's box
and allows all of us to know way too
much about each other and I've long
predicted I'm in writing
I have predicted this a number of times
that partial privacy is the worst
situation where somebody has it that
somebody doesn't the best situation
which we may never get to people will
resist because it's just natural to
resist it is where we all know enough
about each other
that we no longer give a about each
other's flaws and I know that's hard
it's a hard concept to hold Amen but if
you actually know a lot about another
person and you know all their flaws and
they know a lot about you and they also
know your flaws and they still say it's
got you want to go to lunch I am so cool
with that person I'm as cool with that
person as you could possibly be because
I know you you know me if you're cool
with me and I'm cool with you I'm gonna
understand you're a human being you know
we've all messed up this is why in part
why I have the twenty year rule and the
48 hour rule about forgiving people's
past behaviors I'm a real big proponent
of judging people by who they are right
now not judging people by that thing
they did that's this follows them around
forever and I feel like we all have to
get to that place and this may force us
there because if you think about it you
wouldn't like anybody if you knew all of
their mistakes
you wouldn't like anybody
you know it would be the end of
friendships the end of hiring the end of
marriage everything but if you all know
that the other is just as flawed as you
are different flaws but it just exposes
your humanity you say huh
I think I'm okay with that and by the
way just tying everything back to
President Trump because we do that I
think the fact that all of his let's say
his personal life peculiarities some
would say their flaws are so known that
we were kind of comfortable with them
there's some things about knowing
people's flaws that allows you to get
past them it's the not knowing that can
be kind of scary so given all that what
is the biggest pushback what do you
think is the what do you think society
is going to gel around to say we don't
because you know there's gonna be pushed
back what do you think they're gonna
focus on is the thing that's the big
expense of this well I think the biggest
complication is when people say the word
privacy it's really split into two
things anonymity and autonomy or can you
be hidden and can you be free and those
can be separated being hidden maybe
everyone knows everything about you but
the most important thing is is just
leave me alone
and those are the that's the
complication and that's where we work as
a society I'm figuring out what the
rules are about being hidden which i
think is is being eliminated by
technology and being left alone which I
think as a government as a society we
come together and figure out what the
rules of engagement are you know we're
always afraid of the unknown
and one of the things I like to point
out is if you could if you could rewind
to 20 years ago and I said to any one of
you how would you feel if you lost all
of your privacy about where you go and
what you buy you know all of your
transactions and all of your physical
location what if what if that was all
knowable or known how would you feel and
most people would say my god I could not
live in that world but we live in that
world we live in a world where all of
our transactions many of us have our DNA
already on some database I do I've got
my DNA's in several databases I would
think
and it doesn't really make much
difference I still wake up drink my
coffee you have my periscope and unless
I'm committing a crime and somebody's
looking for me it makes no difference so
I think we're approaching a time when
crime might just go away because we
would give up so much privacy not to
every single person but at least to the
government and law enforcement should
they want to check and I'm looking for
the costs you know I keep looking for
the tragic societal cost of either me
who has no privacy when I go outside
people know who I am and the government
knows everything i buy and everything
they can probably tell everything I
browse all that and it doesn't seem to
make any difference in my life
now I don't know how unique that is I
guess it's but if I were involved in
criminal activity it might make a pretty
big difference but I'm not so I think
for most of you you would be more afraid
than you need to be it's just natural to
be afraid of the unknown and it's
natural to be afraid of giving up any
kind of privacy but what would you say
is this the most valid argument by the
people who say hey there's some costs
coming at us some societal costs what is
their best argument on the other side I
like to ask this to see how see how
unbiased your yeah I think the best
argument is always about historical data
you know what happens if someone accused
me of something I didn't do or was found
innocent what happens if it's a long
time in the past is that information
readily available should it be available
what friction is there and then who
controls the past right who decides
whether data can be erased or not shown
and who chose you know who decides what
can be shown and that is a very
difficult question to answer and a and
there's there's a cost to to doing it
both ways there's a cost to letting
people see everything that happened in
the past and there's a cost to allowing
some group to manipulate the past about
what can be shown so there it's not an
easy answer for that one
so so I'm seeing some good questions
going by here in the comments people are
saying what if you're not
multi-millionaire
I assume that's I assume that's directed
at me you know and pointing out that I
don't have as much to lose so I would
imagine if you were trying to you know
get a foothold in life gear get a job
after some bad situation in these past
that would be pretty devastating but
well how do you see that evolving do you
think there's some people who would just
be just totally left by the side of the
road by this kind of technology it's
just know nobody will nobody will
interact with them because of something
they did in the past so I have three
teenagers and they upload hundreds of
photos every week and they're
interacting with hundreds of friends and
Instagram and tik-tok and snap and it's
interesting that they realize most of
the stuff is transitory and even dumb
and they do allow their friends to
evolve and change positions and they're
still friends with them kind of like
what you said is that they can be
authentic and vulnerable and out there
without having long-term biases against
these friends and the other thing that
people need to understand is most people
don't give a crap about you or all your
flaws they really don't I mean I think
we all like to have this huge ego that I
am so important and that anyone knows
that I did something wrong ten years ago
they're gonna care most people don't
care and if someone does beer find a
different friends it's like oh yeah let
me give you a to two other filters to
look through certainly that's that's one
of the most important things that people
don't care about you so much but let's
say everybody knew that you were a furry
you know you I'm just making this up
let's say they do that you like to dress
up in animal costumes sure now now your
neighbors would immediately say oh I
don't know if I can let the kids come
over there anymore because you like to
dress up in animal costumes but here's
the thing people never never think about
all the other people who dress up in
animal costumes would also be able to
identify you and next thing you know
your life is ten times better because
you don't care too much about your
neighbor who doesn't like your habit
you just met a hundred friends that
you're hanging out with and they're and
they all have the same interests so the
first thing is if you're the only person
they know has some weird you know or
let's say unusual I'm not even going to
call it weird let's say non-standard
practice you can find all the other
people like you and suddenly life's
actually better not worse the second
thing is I'm gonna give you this
real-life example my late steps on when
he was a I think he was 18 or so I got
him one of the greatest jobs you could
ever have which is a job at a DJ company
he was gonna be an apprentice to be a DJ
kind of a cool life etc he lasted one
week on the job because somebody sent
his boss a picture of somebody else who
had taken a photo and put it on snapchat
in which use in a room with some
marijuana paraphernalia and the boss
quite reasonably I don't disagree with
the boss at all said I don't want any
employees who have this kind of a
picture on social media and he fired him
there was a great job lesson one weekend
got fired now imagine if he also knew
what was happening with his other
employees what he would have found is he
would have had to fire his whole damn
staff only one of them got caught every
one of them did something that would be
you know roughly equivalent to this
level of you know bad behavior if you
can call it that
and I would say that probably my stepson
would have kept his job if your
technology was ubiquitous I would agree
with you I mean what did what did the
boss do when he was in college and high
school you know what if there is any way
because remember the boss did not fire
him for his behavior he fired him for
being caught in his behavior he was very
specific he it wasn't a moral it wasn't
anything moral ethical or anything he
just said that's that's not the
reputation I want associated with my
company because we deal with the public
he would have soon found out that was
pretty standard with all of his
employees I think all right so give us
give us some wrap up here I've got a few
more topics I want to share with my
peeps so look I know
I know on your show you talk a lot about
America and great and and the reason why
America is the greatest and the most
prosperous is because of our Bill of
Rights and the First Amendment right
says we do not have to be hidden to be
free we do not have to be hidden to say
what we want to share ideas to share
information and to be with people and so
if we just embrace that and understand
that that's why we're the greatest we
don't need anonymity we can be free
because of those Bill of Rights and
Clearview helps us you know make a
happier healthier safer place I would
even go so far as that it might help
even race relations because you're going
to start seeing people for what they do
instead of your first impression but
that's that's maybe a little little too
optimistic so thank you David Skell so
tell us again the name of your
investment firm here nagas partners
spelled ki r e and e ga ga sorry
no prior and where can they find you on
twitter uh Scalzo underscore David all
right thank you so much for joining us
and we're gonna talk about some other
topics and I'll talk to you later all
right that was fun
this this topic fascinates the heck
enemy because it's going to change
everything
but let's talk about some other stuff
let's talk about impeachment and Adam
Schiff and all that stuff
Scott Jennings wrote an interesting
piece for CNN in which he notes that
Adam Schiff is essentially doing Putin's
work because if what if what we were
worried about is that Russia was trying
to undermined trust in our system and
that's what we're worried about right
we're worried about those pesky Russians
interfering with our elections and
undermining our faith in her own system
and as Scott Jennings points out is
there anybody who's eroding faith in our
system faster than Adam Schiff I mean
that's all he's doing so we can't really
care about
eroding faith in our system if we're all
engaged in doing exactly that I mean
even just watching it you're part of
that and as Joel Pollock pointed out the
Democrats are literally obstructing
their own their own election because the
Democrats by forcing this impeachment
vote have taken several of the people
running for president as Democrats off
the field and they they basically are
seeding Iowa to the people who were not
already employed you know Joe Biden and
and booney judge so it turns out that
being unemployed just turns into a big
advantage for running for president if
you're a Democrat so I don't think we
can claim that there's any kind of moral
superiority going on with any of this
impeachment stuff because everybody
involved is doing nothing but chasing
their own political gain you know in
lawsuits how if you sue somebody and I
don't know if this works in every case
but if you sue somebody and it turns out
that you're wrong and the other the
other party wins they can often if not
always I don't know how this works
but they can often recoup their legal
fees so in other words there should be a
cost to impeaching and failing you you
feel me if you impeach and win then the
the side that starts the impeachment
wins politically and every other way I
guess and but what if they try to
impeach and fail what if they fail
should there be any blowback any any any
cost to that and I think maybe there
should be because Tucker Carlson always
says this and I swear I probably heard
Tucker Carlson say this for a solid year
this is one of those things he says
regularly and every time I shook my head
and I said to myself Tucker Tucker
that's crazy you know I agree with a lot
of stuff you say but that's crazy and
here's what he says he says that every
time the Democrats accuse the
Republicans of doing something it's
because they themselves are doing it
and I thought to myself there's no
logical reason that's true and I haven't
really noticed it and it's sort of a
crazy thing to say and then I started
paying attention and I don't know what
causes it I don't know if there's a
cause and effect I don't know if it's a
perceptual thing but see am it's
consistent we're watching it again it is
just time after time after time it is
exactly that the Democrats are
complaining that Trump has put our
system at risk by degrading its your
trust and integrity but it's what
they're doing they're spending 12 hours
a day eroding our trust in our system
they've actually just destroyed part of
the Constitution while we were watching
you know that part of the Constitution
the said impeachment was a real solemn
thing they just took a real solemn tool
probably the most one of the most
important maybe the most important it
could be the most important part of the
Constitution that there's a way to
remove the top person and they've
they've degraded it they've turned it
into a joke you can't make a cleaner
argument that they're doing actively at
this moment the thing they're accusing
somebody of doing you've never seen a
cleaner example that I wish I could tell
why yeah when Tucker says it makes me
think that it's actually a strategy he
doesn't say that but it but it feels
like a strategy even if it isn't just
the way it plays out all right and so I
ask you this yeah if shifts claim is
that the only reason that Trump did what
he did with Ukraine asking them for the
investigation the claim is that the only
reason it was done was for his personal
political benefit the only reason now
that borders aren't crazy
because there's obviously something to
be worried about if your next president
might have some blackmail material or
some corruption entanglement anything
that's a problem over in Ukraine so
obviously there's a little bit of
interest or should be but what is the
standard for how much a decision by a
government official how much of it is
politically motivated
in other words personally beneficial
versus good for the country
what if it's ninety ten what if it's 90
percent for their own good and ten
percent for the public can they be
impeached
what if it's ninety nine and one what if
one percent of it is for the public yeah
it's good for the public to and in some
trivial way but 99 percent of it is just
for me personally is that the standard
50/50 what if it's 49 49 51 the point is
there is no rational logical way to make
a standard for how much you know what
percentage of the reason is personal
versus what percentage of the reason is
good for the public and certainly with
this Biden and Prisma situation it is
trivially easy to show that there's some
national interest I mean you could argue
how big that national interest is but I
don't think you can argue it exists it
clearly exists let let me prove it to
you
let me prove that there's some national
interest in the Bur yzma Biden thing
here this is an absolute proof right I'm
a citizen of the United States I have an
interest and knowing what happened with
Marissa and Biden I'm not lying
absolutely honestly I'm interested in
knowing that because I think it could be
important if I had to guess probably not
that much but I'm interested I would
like to eliminate that as a risk now can
it be said that there's a national
interest yes I just proved it I proved
that one and
300 and whatever 60 million Americans is
legitimately interested in that question
would it matter if there are two of me
does it make a difference if there's
there are a million people like me at
what point can you say you've satisfied
the question of national interests
because I'm part of the nation I just
said I had an interest so there's some
percentage this certainly has an
interest so my point is you could not
create a standard where you're trying to
parse out what percentage is national
interest and what percentage is personal
and that's the entire case their entire
case is that that's a standard which
they can recognize and act on and it
can't be done it is rationally logically
impossible to parse those out now did
our founders know that to be the case
yes they did they designed a system in
which that those those decisions of what
percentage was personal and what
percentage was for the nation they
designed a system where that doesn't
matter does not matter because you can
vote and you can you can change it to
lawyers she said mind-reading is there
somebody but I would love this to be
true so I'm just so in the comments and
I assume that that means that the
impeachment defense has started have are
you talking about
officially as part of the defense did
they blame Schiff of and their side of
mind-reading is that what happened I'll
have to check on that but it looks like
somebody's saying that
I will look for confirmation there
anyway so let's see it's a standard that
can't be enforced which is what
percentage was for your own good let me
ask you this there are two things that
people say just like it's certainly true
and it could be but I'm gonna push back
on both on one is that Russia wants to
undermine the trust in our system so
that's one claim another claim is that
China has this strategy of something
called total war in which it's not just
military but they're in a current war
with the United States it goes goes this
line of thinking in which they are
trying every possible Avenue to damage
the United States and lessen us for
their own benefit and that total war
would include everything from spying and
stealing intellectual property sending
us fentanyl you know you name it it's
like everything you know messing with
our elections just everything it's all
on the table so so the the the two
claims are that Russia and China are two
biggest rivals in terms of military
prowess that they're engaged in a
current war with us and I say I'm not
convinced I'm not convinced now I do
believe that all the things we talked
about are you know they're probably
relatively true Russia probably hacks US
China does all the things that it's been
said but do they have do they have a
some kind of a comprehensive plan or
strategy that starts at the top it only
counts if it's the leaders of the
country who want to do this yet are the
leaders of the country saying to
themselves uh-huh if I can degrade to
trust in the United States by 20%
Russia's GDP will go up what how do they
connect the dots can somebody explain to
me what a ration
Putin or irrational President Qi what
would they actually be thinking in which
this would be smart because I can't
think of it now if they were really dumb
people then you could explain it you'd
say oh they're so dumb they think
they're gonna put the United States out
of business with their clever tricks and
then once we're out of business they'll
have all our they'll take over and
they'll have all our resources and then
they'll be richer or something do you
think they're thinking that I mean does
it doesn't pass any kind of a sniff test
we are clearly in a world of abundance
meaning that we don't really have
shortages of stuff we just have systems
that are not optimized to get that stuff
to the right people in some cases but we
don't really have a shortage of anything
and so when you move from the world in
which you have shortages of stuff and
maybe you need a war because if you
don't have food you don't have resources
maybe you need a war but if everybody
can get everything they want which is
our current world if they if they play
their systems right and they work their
economy right what reason do we have to
be anything like an enemy to China or
anything like an enemy to Russia and
vice versa there simply is no reason
there isn't and it seems to me that
somebody like a president Trump could
change the frame on this and let me
suggest a frame I believe that the
United States Russia and China have a
common enemy maybe more than one and the
common enemy is anything that disrupts
the system in other words anything that
could put any one of the three of us on
a business is something that all three
of us probably ought to fight against
for example how about a major pandemic
wouldn't we be on the same side I think
so
don't you think Russia and the United
States are gonna fight as hard as we can
to help China stop this latest
coronavirus thing I think we will we got
a common enemy
there there's no such thing as one side
wins in this thing
what about climate change now some of
you say it's a hoax bla bla but you can
at least agree that you want cleaner
environment and cheaper energy so don't
we have a common interest there to make
sure the planet doesn't get destroyed
don't we have a common interest in
making sure that a terrorist state
doesn't attack any one of us don't we
have a common interest in it what if
aliens attack we definitely have a
common interest there so my point is
that we should reframe what Russia China
and us care about and we should be on
the same team instead of spending all
our money and wasting it being enemies
of each other why don't we find some
common enemies you know something we can
fight on the same team for because
there's just no strategic advantage to
being enemies and picking in each other
like this if it's happening some of it
may be fake news I would also like to
know what is it the United States is
doing through Russia and doing China
that we the public don't know about are
we poking them just as hard as they're
poking us and what's our reason has
anybody ever told us our reason is it
revenge is it to make sure they don't
poke us so hard you will poke you if you
focus so that's how we keep you a check
what's the reason
maybe there's a good one I'm not even
saying there's no reason I just I feel
like I should know it as a citizen of
this country can somebody explain to me
why the the countries that absolutely
should be on our team fighting with us
as hard as they can against common
challenges why are we at each other just
doesn't make any sense I think maybe
that'll change maybe maybe we'll rethink
that let's talk about chef a little more
he's talking about future crimes of the
imagination so chef wants to get rid of
President Trump according to his
eloquent speeches that he's been giving
to the Senate he wants to get rid of
President Trump not so much because of
what he's done because what he's done
has no
measurable impact so everything he's
done so far or is alleged to do
everything that ship and team alleges
President Trump is done if you added it
all together you couldn't you couldn't
fill a tablespoon
there's no measurable negative and
anything the president has already done
and so the Democrats knowing that and
there's no measure build a magenta make
the case there's the future somebody
says you were kidding no I'm not kidding
do you see any measurable harm that has
come from the president's actions
nobody's even allegedly nobody has made
the case nobody who said we lost this
money we lost this deal we we got
attacked none there's there's zero
alleged cost and so they have to make
the case that this president is just
gonna get worse we're going to encourage
him we're going to be encouraging this
president to future unspecified bad
behavior
what could be less Americans is there
anything less American than published
them trying to remove somebody from a
job for the future potential problems I
don't think the country is gonna buy
that but maybe they will so this is how
chef argues it he said quote can you
have the least bit of confidence talk
about Trump they he'll stand up and
protect our national interest over his
own you know you can't
which makes him dangerous to this
country really you don't trust that the
president who will be watched more than
anybody has ever been watched including
when he made the phone call he had all
kinds of witnesses and he released the
transcript it's the most transparent
presidency you've ever had in your life
he has already lost all of his all of
his privacy essentially
so am i are any of you worried about the
president doing something so purely
personal that it would damage the
country because I don't think he has any
incentive for that what incentive does
the president have to do a bad job as
president I mean let me frame it that
way to show you how a ridiculous it is
so Schiff is arguing that in the future
the president would be in a position in
which he would choose he would
rationally choose according to chef what
is good for Trump personally and is bad
for the country can you see any any
imaginary world in which President Trump
could even imagine the situation we're
doing the worst job you could do as a
president would benefit him personally
because because he would allegedly be
doing this selfish thing how do you even
what kind of world is that the president
is watched all the time if he did
something that was purely for him and
had no benefit whatsoever not even one
that you could argue that would be
terrible for his legacy why would he do
that
it doesn't make any sense all right the
funniest thing about it was when Schiff
was getting choked up with emotion did
and all of the shift shift lovers on CNN
and other networks were saying that his
his presentation was emotional and
passionate and they were saying that
that was a positive because he was so
passionate and emotional and I looked at
it and all I saw was a bad actor trying
to act like he was emotionally
distraught did any of that look genuine
to me yeah he almost cried to me that
didn't even look slightly believable
now I hope he's better at writing
screenplays that he isn't acting but
seriously did anybody is there anybody
in this country it was so stupid
that they would watch those days of
presentations and at the end see that
little fake emotional thing and imagine
that that was real could anybody imagine
that was real oh my god I don't think so
I would like to defend myself from the
future problems I'm going to have I have
a I have a crime in progress right now
crime against humanity let's see if I
can show it to you it's better as a
visual so in order to understand this
what you have to know is that I after
the Dilbert comics are drawn they are
sent off to my syndication company who
has I think it's a third party party
that they hire and the third party as
the color so you can see that the strip
well you can't see it but let me see if
I can lower the temperature on this so
you can see it take it way down so all
the characters are filled in with color
as you can sort of see here so I
actually don't see the the colored
version until it runs so the first time
I see it
colorized is when it runs in on the
internet and in papers and I was
tweeting the sound today and I noticed
that whoever adds the color had decided
that the character who's talking to
Dilbert should you know display some
diversity because most of the characters
are generic white people except for a
shook the in turn and they decided to
add a little diversity now I think to
myself good choice you know especially
when I have you know one of the non
regular characters let's let's have that
character as you know somebody who's not
a generic white guy show a little flavor
in the strip that's good idea right X
the person they decided to add the
darker-skinned color to is the character
that I had decided to depict as an idiot
that's right so my decision was that the
second character would be the idiot and
Dilbert would call him out for being an
idiot or reading the comic so the
character comes up behind Dilbert and
says this data can only can mean only
one thing
and then Dilbert says actually it could
mean any one of about 17 things and then
the other character says and why can I
only think of one and Dilber says please
don't make me answer that now of course
you may find some correlation with
current events in this but I promise you
I was not the one who decided that the
dumb guy would have the darker skin can
we put that on the record
not me all right so I have accidentally
been turned into a racist by somebody I
don't know who decided to colorize that
comic so there you go the simultaneous
simultaneous it did happen but I'm sorry
there's some of you missed it
why are why are we using leftist framing
yeah well I'm just telling you what the
public is gonna say alright it's alright
no big deal
well those of you say it's no big deal
don't know the history that cartoonist
experienced when I introduced shook the
in term so if you follow the Dilber
strip you know that the intern is named
Ashok yes okay which is the less common
spelling it's usually a sa SH okay but I
knew somebody I worked with who spelled
it differently a s okay so I named my
character after that and now shook was
born in India but he's an American
citizen in the East strip and as soon as
I introduced that character what do you
think happened that's right the
african-american community attacked the
newspapers and said why is this why is
this African American character so
stupid when all of the other characters
you know are smarter now first of all it
wasn't and isn't an African American
character so the the basis of the
complaint was wrong it was a somebody
born in India who's an American citizen
now secondly it's not the dumb character
in the strip I make a comic strip in
which all of the characters are acting
dumb on different days sometimes they're
all acting dumb it's only a comic about
dumb people it's that's all it is
everybody in the comic except Dawg were
I guess it was not even a human is dumb
it's a whole comic about dumb people now
what do I do I introduce one character
who's got brown or skin who's an Indian
American
and the african-american community tries
to get me canceled or not even talking
about them in any way whatsoever now
many people have asked and actually a
lot of a lot of black fans of the strip
say can you add can you add an
african-american character I would love
to I would love to do you think that I'm
perfectly happy having a comic strip
with a whole bunch of white people in it
in 2020 absolutely not
I am not happy with that it isn't
because the strip is designed to sort of
you know mirror civilization and it
doesn't you know if you go to Silicon
Valley or you can see a bunch of only
white faces and then the technical staff
no you are not you're not gonna see only
a bunch of white faces you can see you
see the whole world represented there so
my strip is completely out of touch with
the real world on diversity I would love
to fix that can i no we don't live in a
world in which I can introduce a
character easily who would be an
african-american regular character and
have any bad flaws because to him to
make a comic character interesting they
have to have flaws it's the flaws that
make it a comic you know Dilbert is is
socially inept and he's you know he's a
little too trusting he's gullible you
know he's got his flaws Alice is angry
and competitive and Wally's lazy and I
shook I tried to give a shook the
interim the least objectionable flaw I'm
it's the the least smallest little flaw
human can have inexperience because he's
young that's it Oh shucks only flaw is
he he's not yet very experienced because
he's young and still I almost got
canceled for that little flaw so imagine
me introducing a a black character into
the strip and I just think I'm gonna
have a good time I'm adding a little
diversity trying to give people what
they want and the first time that black
character exhibits any kind of a flaw
doesn't
matter what it is I'm canceled that's it
so that's the world we live in you could
have your diversity or you can have your
outrage but you can't both I can't give
you both that's all for today talk to
you tomorrow