well there you
are looks like we got a show for you
today full of mystery and
Magic let me make sure I've got your
comments showing and then we'll get
busy there you
[Music]
go good morning everybody
and welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and it's the best time
you've ever had but if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
nobody can understand with their tiny
shiny human brains all you need for that
is a CER mugger a glass of tanker chel
orstein a canteen Jugger flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine h of
the day thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous step
and it happens now
go so good well I'm a little bit on the
war path today against amazon.com
because I opened up and found out that
they have more counterfeit fake products
of mine than they have real ones that's
right if you're looking for the dilbur
calendar you'll see a wall of fake
calendars that Amazon is selling and
somebody's keeping the money for it now
you might say that seems like a unique
problem to you Scott no this is the
problem that all independent book
sellers have if they're using Amazon's
process what happens is the the process
for reporting it is that I have to have
a copy of the offending product that's
right in order to report it I have to
buy it I have to wait for it to arrive I
have to examine it take photographs of
it and then only then Can I submit to
Amazon and say can you remove this in
the time it takes me to do that there
will be three new sites offering three
new of the same products so there is no
there is no mechanism for anybody to do
anything about this I've decided that
it's time for a lawsuit class action
because it affects a lot of lot of
people and it's obvious that Amazon does
not care about the people were involved
with this because it looks like it'd be
easy to solve it looks like it'd be easy
to solve honestly they got AI they got a
lot of people so Jeff Bezos I don't want
to sue Amazon like it's it's literally
the last thing in the whole world I want
to do but you don't have a system that
gives me another path I'm not going to
let you steal my material over and over
and over again because Amazon's making
money from this you're making money from
my intellectual property this has to
stop up so I'm going to see if I can get
together a class action lawsuit I'd
rather be part of it than leading it but
if there's a lawyer out there who wants
to make some serious money I suspect
that the entire class is
probably 100 million probably $100
million in Revenue that's being affected
by just the counterfeits that probably
they they could stop now what would it
take to improve the system easy all it
would take is the person who's
identified as definitely the author of
the product to write in memo and say
Here's a screenshot here's the link to
the offending product um here's my
identifier that says I'm the real author
it'd be good if I had some kind of
identifier and then they say oh I've
identified you as the real lawyer if you
say this is yours it's between you and
the other person but we'll take you off
the site they need to take him off the
site that needs to be the default we
cannot go on like Jeff Bezos if you're
listening to me all I want is a solution
I don't want a lawsuit but I'm
definitely
 I don't want to break my New Year's
resolution that easily I want to see if
I can go at least a
day I'm definitely going to see if I can
organize the class action and it's going
to be big and I'm going to make as much
noise as I possibly can but I just want
a solution I don't want to do any that
it's just I'm pushed into a corner you
wouldn't let somebody rob you over and
over and over again without doing
something I I kind of let it go because
I thought Amazon would Faker down on
their own but it's just getting worse it
it's just a page of fake dber calendars
and fake
books so you got to fix
that on other
news maybe a stuff that's less about me
and more about
you well according to blaze media the
FAA has expanded their their ban on
drones over New Jersey for reasons The
Blaze media and Leon wolf say are
unclear now what would be all the
potential reasons that they would uh
increase their ban on drones over New
Jersey and just New Jersey not other
places
but just New Jersey maybe there are
other places we don't know
about so here's what I think um I think
they've eliminated the the possibility
that there's aliens because the aliens
probably don't put lights on there on
their
Craft um and I think we've uh eliminated
the possibility that they know there's
nothing to worry
about so we can certainly say it's not
aliens we can certainly say it's not
something that's innocent and nothing to
worry
about uh so it could be that they're
worried about hobbyists getting in the
way but I doubt it it could
be that they're worried about a
terrorist attack that would involve
drones to me that seems the most likely
possibility which doesn't mean it's a
risk but it could be that they just sort
of naturally go to that
um in our current environment they might
just assume that that's a risk and I
assume it's a risk too so if they don't
tell you why they're doing it it's got
to be terrorist driven don't you think
it could be
maybe some kind of Espionage but it
seems like it'd be so easy to get aerial
Espionage Espionage of anything you
wanted in the United
States that it's hard for me to believe
that the only way that that one of our
adversaries could get aerial
surveillance is with lots and lots of
drones all at the same time in the same
place does that make sense as an
adversary it makes more sense that
they're worried that uh even even if
everything that's happening now is
legitimate they might be worried that if
they don't have a clearer Sky it'll be
harder to find a bad guy maybe I don't
know but whatever whatever this is it
feels terrorist related to to me that's
just a just a
speculation um
meanwhile according to
Reuters uh us is considering rules to
restrict additional Chinese drones so
China makes most of the drones in the
world and America buys a lot of them but
they had already banned the two big
companies Chinese drone companies DJI
and utel Robotics but it looks like they
they're they want to ban it further now
I saw some people online
say that uh hey why would you ban them
they're just
drones but I think the problem is that
the drones might have some kind of
software tracking or you know some kind
of some kind of Mischief inside the
Drone I don't know but uh apparently the
the US is worried about it in other news
I've not talked about this because I
usually don't talk about the the news
and other
countries but apparently it's come to
our shore in at least in terms of the
new sense um were you
aware that there are let's see the best
way I'm trying to figure out how to say
this so I don't get banned on social
media because part of the story is that
the story is banned on social media but
specifically
YouTube um took down Michela or at least
um limited the reach of U M Michela
Peterson's video on the topic so we know
that YouTube doesn't want to mix this
topic which I haven't fully explain to
you yet uh they don't want to mix it
with their
advertisers which is
reasonably understandable reasonably
understandable and it's because it
involves children and the worst crimes
that you can do against them and I don't
need to name it you know what it is and
uh the accusation is that it's huge it's
organ ized the government was fully
aware of it but they didn't want to do
as much as they should to stop it for
years because they thought it would make
him look
racist now that's the narrative I'm
getting the I mean it doesn't even sound
doesn't even sound believable but in our
world today it's it's believable I feel
like there should be more to the
story but if that's all there is to the
story that the the ad Administration
there was worthless because they were
worried about being called racists
because it's the recent uh mostly
Pakistan is being blamed the pakist
Pakistanian immigrants now I don't know
if that's true that's that's just what's
being reported see I had to say that so
I don't get accused of being a racist I
to act like I don't really know so
that's how you do it act like you I
don't know I don't know who's doing it
uh who's doing it might be UFOs Are UFOs
doing it it's probably UFOs so you're
supposed to act a little bit dumb when
you talk about this story otherwise I
think you get blocked on all social
media I don't know who's doing it know I
don't know what you can do about it I
can't think of any
solutions so there's my mandatory
stupidity on the
topic
um do you think that's coming to the
United
States do do you think the United States
either already has a problem like this
that we're ignoring how would you know
if the if the story is that it's being
ignored how would you know if we have
that problem here I don't
know but uh it does seem like uh England
is the canary in the coal mine for the
United States they seem to be uh let's
say ahead of us in the rate of some
kinds of
activities so we can see how they turn
out and it turns out that if you uh let
in to many
people from certain places you're going
to get a bad outcome just like Trump has
been trying to tell us for years it's as
predictable as you think it's just
totally
predictable um well but at the same time
uh there's accusations that the
xplatform is being overly censorious I
guess a lot of people got banned or
their accounts got limited recently but
the ones that I've heard about would
fall into the following category now I
haven't heard of all the examples and
I'm totally open I'm totally open to
learning that there's some people who
got banned for the wrong
reasons but the ones I've heard about
are there's one case in Laura lum's case
that she accidentally died boxed someone
but then immediately you know changed it
and and apologized because it was
accidental it was the there was an
address as part of a larger document and
she didn't notice it when she published
it
so is that she you be banned for that
you we know that doxing is wrong but
there's actually no evidence of an
intentional
dox if there's no evidence that it was
intentional and there's evidence that it
wasn't
how do you handle that so all I all I
think that is needed is some kind of an
appeals process but I don't think there
is one so that's pretty bad if you're
making your money this way and you step
on a landmine that you didn't actually
that you didn't intentionally step
on uh there are two examples of people
who are you know over the toop
racists is that the same as free speech
you know if it if it delves into just
non-stop racism
I don't know I don't I don't want to be
around that all the time because it's
you know boring and useless
and so I don't know I can't get up in
arms about that uh because it's only the
extreme cases it wasn't the ordinary
people and then there were some child
related content that I'm not going to
describe further that if you did hear
the description you might say h yeah
that's too far that's too far now all of
these have a second side there's there's
argument on the other side of all of
these and that's why I think there needs
to be some kind of a some kind of a
quick quick place you can uh appeal to
that's part of X that just puts some
common sense on it that's all so I'm
kind of a judge you know what would be
you know it would be a good idea to
actually use a retired judge oh I like
that idea I'm just coming up with it if
if x actually hired some retired actual
judges and then they said okay actual
judge here here's our terms of
service and then here's the activity we
banned it do you do you agree that it
didn't meet the terms of service and
that it was some kind of an intentional
act I think intention has to be part of
it and then let the judge decide I'd
feel much more comfortable if Elon mus
said I'll tell you what I'm going to
hire three judges and just let them make
the decisions of course he could always
fire a judge if he didn't like their
decisions so nothing's perfect but it
make you feel better if it was a
judge
um Joe Biden once said uh quote the most
dangerous terrorist threat to our
homeland is white
supremacy now that's at the same time
that he had the borders open and we now
know and wasn't hard to predict that
terrorists have apparently been
streaming over the Border exactly like
you assume they would so at the same
time he was telling that the white
supremacist militias or whatever were
the big problem which by the way so far
have
produced no problems since he mentioned
it none that I'm aware
of
um but here's my question do you think
history will ever
record uh how destructive Biden was as a
president and my answer is I don't think
so and the only reason I say that is
because it would be impossible to
capture it's so bad what he's done to
our country it's so bad that I'm not
sure you could put it in the history
book because it wouldn't even look real
it would look like he made it up he
opened the border to
Terrace he I mean just let me let me
just give you a highlight of just some
of the things he's done first of all he
opened the Border
intentionally so that caused all kinds
of racial division there was inflation
there was overspending terrorists com
you know he he had covid policies that
you hated he's pushing Dei which is
destroying the country and making
everything incompetent he he thought he
blamed white supremacy which was
completely wrong so he could do all of
his other bad stuff he he drove up the
national debt to ruinous levels he
demonized Trump supporters and put them
in jail for what I could considered no
reasons at all he lawf fared Trump right
in front of us uh he was in charge of
the
Afghan um the draw down disaster and he
is the biggest factor in
Ukraine
so that's the worst president
by maybe a 100 if if you were to be
objective and say okay you know we
thought Jimmy par Carter wasn't good or
some if you want to keep it nonpolitical
a lot of people said George W Bush was
the worst president and I think there's
an argument for that because of Iraq
but I think that both of them pale in
comparison I think Biden might be
something like a
100x worse than the worst the second
worst best president these are not close
this is completely ruinous
destructive
inexplicable Behavior
um and and it gets worse because his de
Dei is what selected uh Kam haris she
would have been a huge
disaster um if the fake media could have
put her over the finish line but
uh uh Steve Cortez uh found a video he
was publishing on X here where kaml
Harris was talking about the insanity of
building a southern border
wall now it's not that she said
it uh I have to do you an impression of
what it sounded like actually if I can
do this quickly I'm going to play the
audio for you because you just have to
hear this under the context of what we
know
today all right hold on a second I've
got it all queued up
here bear it with me oh damn it did
disappeared all right you got to hear it
though fine here it is that we have to
build
W because there are terrorists who are
all right all right I'm going to key
this up and put the microphone up to it
see if you can see if you can hear it
from here to suggest that we have to
build a wall across our Southern border
because there are terrorists who are
trying to to invade country country
could truth it could bether from the
truth we have to build a wall across our
Southern
[Music]
border if if you saw the video it really
sells
it I I have to do the physical
impression of her saying that it's
ridiculous that terrorists would come
across the
border to
suggest that we have to build a
wall across the southern border because
there are
terrorists who are trying to invade the
country that was almost the president of
of the United
States that was
almost the president of the United
States and the and the fake news let
that walk right up to the
line the only thing that stopped it was
Trump and many of you who help support
him oh my goodness we we don't I don't
think our brains can
hold how bad this was I mean it's bad on
a level
that I don't even know what to compare
it to I've never seen anything like this
it's amazing
amazing
anyway so is there anything that could
make this
worse is there any way that the shame
stupidity and evil from the Biden
Administration can be taken to a higher
level is there any way it could be
worse my next story is that Biden is
giving the second highest civilian award
to the leaders of the January 6th
Congressional panel
according to the Washington
Times so that would include Liz Cheney
and Benny Thompson the two who led the
Congressional investigation into January
6 so he's giving the highest national
award to two people that I think most of
us would consider overt
obvious
Traders completely obvious Traders why
do I say that because the January 6
committee was completely political
lawfare and it ended in the you know
justification for trying to keep a
president and of office and it ended in
uh the lawfare against all the citizens
who were just
protesting so these are two of the worst
criminals in American history because
they did it right in front of you and
they're currently torturing what over a
thousand people if if you put somebody
in jail for something that's not a crime
in the country that they thought they
loved because they were patriots imagine
being so patriotic that you thought you
had to go to the capital and protest and
a patriotism and then the country that
you love so much that you're willing to
go protest for it to make it better puts
you in jail for what is
definitely not worthy of a
crime that's
torture that's torture these two people
who are getting the second highest
civilian award are
responsible for the
torture of at least a thousand people
now I wonder if Dick Cheney has ever
been involved in torture yeah it looks
like it runs in the family doesn't it
looks like it runs in the
family well if there's any way for Trump
to remove those Awards I think he should
do it if there's a way Congress can pass
a law that says we disavow this award or
or that we
we don't count it anymore or something
it should be taken away if there's even
even if not technically taken away there
should be some kind of action by
Republicans to disavow it and to say
these are two criminals and even if they
haven't done something technically
criminal the level of evil which they
intentionally put on the United States
can never be forgiven this can never be
forgiven
anyway uh we're going to talk about the
terror what looks like Terror attacks
we're pretty
sure um you probably know by now that uh
podcaster Shan Ryan has had a number of
guests telling us that this was coming
um Chief among them was Sarah Adams
xcia who describes um Osama Bin Laden's
one of his sons seems to have taken over
Al-Qaeda and is trying to
consolidate control of all the
various Isis likee and and different
terrorist groups in the Middle East with
the intention of staging a massive
attack in the United States which would
include multiple October 7th like
attacks in each in in a number of
Metropolitan places at somewhat the same
time and this is all scheduled for this
year and it seems to be related to the
open border and the ability to bring in
we don't
know, 1500 2,000 people from Al-Qaeda
who are literally trained and weaponized
they apparently have explosive vests
that can't be detected by our normal
detection ability so they can walk into
any building and blow it up now and
there's no doubt this is
coming now did we see the beginning of
it we don't know it could be that
they're not related to the larger plot
that's coming and it was just a
coincidence but that'll be a lot of
coincidences so let's just talk about
what we know so I don't want to do the
thing where every single person you
listen to today has to give you the
whole background of of everything but a
number of you don't watch Regular news
you get all your news from me at least
that's what people say so if you don't
mind I'll give you a little bit of the
background you've heard before right so
you know that in New Orleans there was a
one individual an
American named Shamu din Jabar he was in
the American Military but apparently
he became radicalized uh we think
because he was living in a Muslim
Community where people didn't even speak
English for the most part so he did it
doesn't look like he was radicalized
directly from somebody overseas but
rather he may have lived among a group
of people who made what he was doing
seem awesome and and on target so it
might have been locally but I assume I
assume there's some overseas influence
either directly or
indirectly um so we don't know much
about his intentions he had an Isis flag
I'm not 100% sure that Al-Qaeda and
Isis are so
coordinated um it feels like it'd be
hard to coordinate terrorists because
they would have they'd want to run their
own thing thing but maybe so maybe he's
part of that Al-Qaeda territory thing or
maybe just there's more to it than we
think um he's got apparently he pledges
loyalty to Isis he had an Isis
flag uh at first they said he had
accomplice that may have been planting
bombs but now they say there are no
accomplices that was a um mistake but I
don't know yet whether bombs existed
somehow I spent all morning looking at
the news in this and not once did I see
were the bombs real cu the report was I
saw four people planting bombs multiple
pipe bombs and then now we see that
those people were not they were not
terrorists they were just people who
went to the event but does that mean the
pipe bomb is not real do they or do do
they not have in their possession a pipe
bomb that was planted somewhere can you
can you give me a fact check on this
while we're while we're going I don't
know why that very obvious question
didn't pop into my screen while I was
looking at it anyway uh kend delanian
was on MSC news says the FBI has now
ruled out the two people uh seen
planting
IEDs now remember I always tell you that
if you know what happened you don't know
anything unless you know the
players what do you know about kend
Delane and msnb C
news have have you heard anything about
them well the accusations are that when
kend delanian appears in a story like
this it's it's see you're hearing
something from the
CIA so I don't have personal knowledge
that that's the case but I I monitor it
I think it's Glenn green uh yeah um
Glenn Greenwald who who points this out
so I don't trust that Source but I think
he's just reporting what everybody else
is reporting that they're not going to
be looking for any extra
people
um now of course there were two events
the other
event besides New Orleans was the Cyber
truck parked in front of the Trump uh
Trump building in Las Vegas that blew up
had some kind of fireworks Rel
ated and gasoline and it looks like it
was clearly meant to and remote control
so it was clearly meant to explode the
good news is that the Cyber truck was
built so strong that uh the walls of it
pro protected the explosion from going
sideways and it mostly went up so it it
didn't even blow out the the doors of
the Trump building it was right in front
of so that's a pretty big victory for
the Cyber truck however
Tesla's stock went down
today I tell you um I don't I don't make
stock buying recommendations and you
shouldn't listen to me but do you think
that the Tesla stock should have gone
down when the cybertruck which is built
largely to protect you in dangerous
situations that it actually did what it
was supposed to
do in other words if you were in that
truck
and you were parked right next to a bomb
that went
off you had a reasonable chance of
surviving because the truck is so so so
wellb built anyway so I imagine that
whatever happened to the stock is
probably
temporary um unless people think that
there's going to be a larger actions
against musk I
suppose um now the big question is uh is
the Cyber truck related to
the New Orleans truck so they're both
trucks they happen on the same day they
appear to be obviously the the type of
Acts that are done by
terrorists so are they connected there's
another connection both of the vehicles
were rented through an app that's Toro
Toro or Taurus I forget what the name of
it so there's an app where you can rent
a private person's
car um and they just park the car
somewhere where you can find it I think
that's how it works that and they meet
you there and they just give you the
keys and you're basically renting a a
private person's car instead of getting
it through you know Herz or AIS or
something now some people said that
means
uh no that's not the name of it it's
turo t r
turo now I'm gonna add something to the
story that I haven't seen anybody add
do you think I can do it do you think
there's anything I can add to the story
that's useful well I'll try here's the
one thing I know about
turo the most criminal person that I
know in the real
world uses
that and the reason is they don't check
so apparently there's a a little less
rigor uh in checking to see if you're if
you're worthy of being a uh a driver now
I can't confirm that so I don't want to
be sued by turo I'm just telling you
that the the person who knows to work
every system that I know uses that one
and and the other ones don't work so I
suspect that if you are in the criminal
underworld you might be drawn to that
one because other people may have told
you you know they don't they don't check
as much now I don't don't know that
that's true I don't know that they don't
do the same level of checking so I don't
want to make that accusation I can tell
you that people who live in that the
murky underground world that name comes
up a lot so that that's the only thing I
know so whether it's true or not true
that using that app gives you any kind
of you know less security I have no idea
if that's true but if they think it's
true then that would explain why two
people with bad
intentions would have rented vehicles
through the same app now it's probably
not a
coincidence it it does seem to me more
likely that that's a signal that you
know that they might be coordinated by
the same people or something but you
can't rule out in this specific case
this is all I'm adding you can't rule
out that the two of them would have had
the same independent completely separate
idea that the way to rent that car would
be through that
app that that would be a thing and again
I don't know if the if that app or that
company does have lower checking or
lower security or or maybe lower
connections to the government could it
be that the government makes the big
rental companies tell them as soon as
anything is rented that's a
truck right because if you're a bad guy
and and you came to this country you
wouldn't necessarily own a vehicle but
you might want to rent one and if you're
going to rent one and you rented a truck
do you think that that would
automatically go to the FBI do you think
the FBI already has a back door to all
the rental companies because if somebody
wants a panel
truck don't you want to know okay what's
your name can we run you through the
terrorist watch list database but would
every little app that doesn't do much
business relative to the big ones would
they all have the same back
door so I'm just
speculating that bad people know where
to go to avoid government scrutiny just
speculation so I'll just throw that in
the
mix all right
um what else do we know about this
um so the question
is uh do we have an unfixable problem
already um as uh someone who's watching
this has pointed out the other day so
there's somebody watching this I won't I
won't mention
you um but pointed out that um the rate
that people are coming into the country
is not the only thing you have to watch
for the other thing you have to watch
for is if if a certain uh class of
people come into the country do they
assimilate all over the country and they
just become Americans by the second
generation or do they form their own
enclaves and try to carve out their own
Nation first in one block and then two
blocks and then pretty soon they've got
power because it looks like this um this
Shamu D Jabar as I said was living in a
Muslim tril park around other people who
may have been
radicalized so is it
possible that the biggest risk is not
Islamic people coming into the country
but the biggest risk is that they settle
in the same place and then essentially
try to control territory and get a
foothold and then grow from there now I
don't
know and I C certainly would not be in
favor of you know discriminating against
Muslim
Americans just because of that that
wouldn't be good enough reason but you
have to ask yourself is there something
that needs to be looked
at when you get enough people who have a
a a Counter Culture to the one that we
have here meaning that it's it's in
contrast to
it I'm not saying better or worse it
just doesn't fit you can't really make
them
compatible um is there something about
not letting them get too much of a
foothold because I feel like that's part
of the problem in England is that once
you reach a certain mass and they start
start operating as a
group uh that's the beginning of
infinite War isn't it because if you
never break up the group and there's no
legal way to do that um what would stop
them from continuing to grow in power
until they could take over your
country at some point you'd have to
break them up as a group and we don't
have any domestic law that would allow
you to do that when's the last time that
happened the taking the Japanese
American citizens and putting them them
in internment
camp here's one of those things I was
wondering today I wonder to what
extent uh America putting Japanese
American citizens in internment camps in
World War II to what extent does the
memory of that remove our options in the
future because we knew that was so so
evil and bad in
retrospect does it take away your
options in the future to deal with
things that you know are going to be a
risk but if you act as if it's the group
that's obviously discrimination and we
don't like that so I do wonder if we tie
our hands with our guilt even if the
guilt is fully um
warranted anyway um you might know that
I wrote a book called the religion War
which is now rolled into the book uh
God's debris the complete works it's
combined as part of a three book two
book plus a short story series and that
just came out if you haven't seen it but
in it the religion war is about a time
when drones become the and this was
written in over 20 years ago but over 20
years ago I was writing that in the
future when drones were the common way
of warfare and became the common way of
of terrorism which hasn't yet happened
but obviously it's going to that uh that
would be the
time that we would have this uh
situation where the Middle East would be
doing Terror attacks on American soil in
a in a first you know individual way and
then in a coordinated way and their idea
would be just to make sure they have
pressure on the United States for
whatever reasons domestic or otherwise
but that they that they would try to
make sure it never crossed a certain
line meaning that
Al-Qaeda um knowing that we don't want
to go to full War we don't want to do
another Iraq we don't want to do another
Afghanistan they might try to push it
right to the line where they weaken us
as much as possible but short of us
starting another debilitating War
because they know we don't want to do it
Trump doesn't want to do it for
sure but what does that predict
well my book is that prediction if you
have a situation where the terrorism is
pervasive and never
stopping eventually the West will reach
a Tipping Point and what would they do
if the only alternative
is the worst alternative the worst
alternative is that you just turn off
the news access to whatever part of the
Middle East this problem is coming
from and once the news doesn't know
what's happening you do things so dark
that you would never want history to
know what
happened that's kind of the only place
this can
go there's only one way it can go
because it's not like we're going to
negotiate with Al-Qaeda and say all
right you you keep this we'll keep that
that's not going to happen right it's
not like Al-Qaeda is going to give
up because they don't mind dying so
they're going to grow
if the number of if the number of Terror
attacks in this country
reached five per
year sort of like this one would we go
to
war
maybe maybe not if it reached 20 per
year would we go to
war I don't know you know maybe if maybe
we get used to it if it kind of crept up
to 20 I don't know if it were a 100 a
year or it was one big October 7th where
10 major cities were taken to their
knees in the same day would we go to
war yes yes is there anything that's
going to stop Al-Qaeda from continuing
to get to the point where they can
attack multiple countries at the same
time like October 7th I don't think so
so if you're going to game this forward
you could say there's there's nothing
there's nothing strong enough to stop
Al-Qaeda from increasing the rate and
the severity of attacks on the United
States nothing we're not doing anything
and even if we tried
hard I don't know that we could do it
because what you would have to do is
basically round everybody up and either
kill them or put them in prison camps
until they died and we're not going to
do that right so if there is no path
what do you
do well if there's no path that means
there's no path that's acceptable moral
ethical
affordable just
doable once you get to the point where
there's no practical ethical moral
affordable way to do anything what do
you do then do you just say well I guess
we'll just absorb this 100 attacks a day
until our country is destroyed because
eventually the country would stop
functioning would we do
that no we wouldn't here's where this is
heading and this is what the book is
about at some
point the citizens of the United States
are going to say to whoever our leader
is and this might be after Trump whoever
our leader is they're going to
say stop this and we put no restrictions
on
you stop this and we put no restrictions
on you would it be okay if we turned off
the news for a
year yes
yes no news just turn it off no news on
this topic certainly there'd be news but
not so so the government is probably
going to get permission at some point to
stop telling us what they're doing
because it will be far too horrible for
us to accept in order to stop it the
United States would have to
do something in a Hitler like
level now I'm not recommending it of
course by tomorrow some the news will be
tomorrow cartoonist recommends uh a
holocaust no I'm not recommending it I'm
saying can you think of what else could
happen so are are you saying that won't
happen because we'll negotiate and
Al-Qaeda will say you know we're going
to lay down in our arms we give up is
that what you think do you think we'll
be able to stop it with just sending
over a few Special Forces and playing
whack-a-mole hasn't worked so far why
would it work in the future do you think
do you think that we're going to let um
terrorist drones take out city after
City without a response that's the right
size I
don't we of course would there's some
point at which massive military
retaliation is guaranteed wouldn't you
agree it's guaranteed you could predict
it so where does it end up if you can't
negotiate and you can't live with it and
it's certainly going to reach a level
where we can't live with it it's not
there yet but everything suggests it's
going in that direction and the drones
will make that especially hard because
then they can attack anybody from
anywhere and just keep doing it when we
reach that and it seems inevitable that
we will we're going to ask our
government to take care of it like every
government in history has taken care of
things like
this in the worst possible way and again
I'm not saying it's good or bad or I'm
not I'm not recommending it I'm saying
that Al-Qaeda has created a
situation where almost guarantees the
complete annihilation of their
people it guarantees it so if you can
tell if you can if you can come up with
a prediction that would go some other
direction I'd love to hear it because
then I would promote it you know I'd
help promote you hey let's go in this
direction but I don't see another
Direction and I don't want it to go that
way it would be the worst possible
situation but if it comes to us or them
then I have no limits remember what I
always say that morality doesn't apply
to
self-defense if you're literally trying
to do what you can to survive you know
not just get ahead but survive there's
no moral or ethical limit and I don't
think Al-Qaeda quite understands that I
don't think they quite understand that
we're just doing a risk benefit analysis
and they have not yet reached the point
where we have to do the the one and only
thing that would stop this
forever
um so please if you have a better idea
of how we get from here to a peaceful
thing where everybody's happy please
tell me but history suggests there's
only one solution and nobody's going to
like it you wouldn't like it and the
people it happens to aren't going to
like it right nobody's going to like it
but it's going to
happen
anyway um there's a big controversy
about all the remote workers who are
federal workers and apparently very few
federal workers actually come to the
office now this is considered something
that must be reversed um I think musk
and Trump are going to say you got to
come to the office and if you don't come
to the office you'll be the first ones
we remove but I would add to that
thinking am I wrong that every employee
who can do their job
remotely will be replaced by AI within a
year or
so because what kind of job that only
involves being on the telephone or your
computer can AI not do fairly Qui
ly now I'll tell you what AI couldn't do
it couldn't be a
salesperson at least we haven't seen it
yet because sales is often about
relationships so if if the federal
employees were all
salespeople I I would say oh well you
know that's not something you can do
over a remote so AI won't take that
right
away but if all they're doing is moving
paper and approving things and following
the government rules and responding in
the one and only way the government says
you can respond shouldn't all of these
people have been replaced by AI within a
year I don't know I'd be real worried if
I had the kind of job where I didn't
have to come in and interact with people
because that's almost the definition of
a job the AI should replace we'll see
meanwhile Trump says he's going to hold
a uh mega mega Victory rally in DC
before the inauguration
does that seem like a good idea to you
it's indoors so that part I
like but why would he do that do you
know why I don't know why it it's hard
for me to see a good reason for that
because once you win even though you've
got a mandate aren't you supposed to
pretend that we're all one big country
and you're the president for everybody
so after you win holding a rally that's
really oriented toward your own
voters is that the right
look so unless he has something planned
that we're not fully aware of you know
some announcement or something I don't
know um I don't see the wisdom of this
do you it feels like all downside with
no upside and it's going to be called a
Nazi rally by the bad people Etc
however let's look at the other side the
other side is if he has a rally and they
don't call it a Nazi rally because the
the the fake media is pretty beaten down
they're they're not doing the same kind
of attacks that they always did before
so they might ignore it they might just
ignore it and not cover it and then it's
fine you know if if he wants to do it
his his base wants to go that's fine but
he's really making it easy for the fake
news and the bad people say there it is
there's that divisiveness he seems to be
only interested in Mega
um so mandate yes he definitely has a
mandate but rally I don't know I don't
like the Optics of
it
um New York Post is demanding that uh
the journalist who helped cover up the
Joe Biden mental decline should be held
accountable justtin news is reporting
about that and
um I don't know about that do you think
that the that the reporters and
journalists who covered up up Biden's
decline do you think they need to be
held accountable because I think it's
funnier to watch them pretend they were
stupid instead of
lying because we keep seeing these
journalists say oh I I was so so fooled
by the
administration you know that that
terrible
Administration the people around Biden
if only they hadn't hidden it from me
then I would have reported the truth but
it was hidden from me so how could I
tell you the truth so I I guess I guess
it was the Biden staff that's the
problem right at the same time you and I
and tens of millions of Americans are
saying um we all knew this before he
even ran for election we knew this
before the 2020 vote so Mr and Mrs
reporter if you're really going to claim
that the reason you didn't see it is
because they didn't tell you you really
have to admit you're
stupid and that's kind of fun to watch
watching them to admit they didn't
notice you know what they also didn't
notice that KL Harris appears to be
either an IQ of 70 or often drunk I
didn't hear him report on that did you
you remember the same people who said
Biden's fine they're still saying
they're still saying that K La Harris's
brain is fine
now you know may maybe she doesn't have
dementia doesn't look like that but
clearly there was something
wrong if you couldn't see
it uh you're stupid I mean we could all
say it it it was plain as
day all right uh so this might be a
response to that being wrong about
everything on Morning Joe MSNBC
uh they were highlighting a chart
showing that Joe Biden did in fact
completely fail on keeping the Border
closed this is
MSNBC it's morning Joe and they're
highlighting they're not just mentioning
it it's like a whole segment on how
Biden completely
ruined the border and opened it
up have you ever seen that
before that and it didn't look like they
were doing any hedging like well yeah
have to understand that he was in a suit
no nothing like that they're basically
just saying flat out Biden opened the
border and it's a
disaster what the why are they telling
us now when it's too
late don't tell us now how about four
years ago this would have been a good
conversation
anyway um but it's part of the the same
theme so if you were to watch that you'd
say to yourself wow uh Joe Biden is
responsible for ruining our
border that's the news they're telling
you is that what really happened no
that's not what happened Joe Biden did
not ruin the border the fake news did
because if the fake news had ever been
attempting to tell the truth about what
he did and what was happening he would
have had to
stop the news is there so that people
like Biden can't do
this the news
aided and eded but MSNBC is trying to
throw Biden under the bus alone look
what Biden did look at this chart oh
that Biden they should be showing the
chart of all the times they agreed with
Biden and said he didn't do anything
wrong in the Biden and the Border was
fine this is all cover your
ass that's why that's why it looks
unusual you're like really they're
throwing Biden completely under the bus
with no
no caveats at all they're just throwing
him under the
bus for 5 years they were keeping him in
the bus driver seat telling us he could
drive fine this is not Biden's problem
this is the news the fake news created
Biden they sold him to their
base the news is the problem it you
couldn't have a Biden or a KL Harris if
the news were real you couldn't have
that there's no way they could have
gotten one inch into the
election if there had been any True News
that that their Bas
law anyway um meanwhile over on Zero
Hedge I saw an article by Josh
styan um who's saying that there's a
pattern we should notice and I want to
see if you think this is a pattern that
uh there always seems to be some kind of
pre-planned or engineered National
problem that happens at the same time
that the government is doing some other
things that you don't like and
consolidating power and it kind of takes
your eye off the ball or the disaster or
the emergency is a reason they can do
these extra things that they wanted to
do so if I'm understanding the article
correctly it suggests that this is not
an accident that your government
intentionally creates pandemics and wars
and I don't know what else to to use it
as an excuse yeah like the bird flu to
use it as an excuse to get other things
they want like control and jailing
people and that sort of thing but
um here's the other way you could uh
explain everything you
see um so one filter would be that it's
always planned because indeed it does
seem like there's always some big
emergency at the same time you should be
looking somewhere
else
um but the other way to explain it is
that governments are always trying to
increase their control and there's
always a big
problem so I'm not sure the pattern's
real because I don't understand I
mean it asked me to believe too much
about the capability of the bad people
that they're that clever if you lived in
a world where governments are always
looking for excuses to cover to increase
their power and that would be true and
there's always something big Brewing be
it a pandemic or a war that's probably
always true wouldn't it seem like
there's a
pattern because they're always trying to
get power they take opportunities
there's always something big happening
that they can abuse to get power so I
feel like it's just thank you Crusher uh
yeah I'm going to go a little short
today because I've got something I have
to do right after right after the live
stream so the the warning has been
issued
so the only other thing I had a few
other things is uh there's a there's a
photo of some of the late night TV hosts
getting together including John Oliver
Seth Myers Steven colber Jimmy Kimmel
and Jimmy felon so they all get together
at some restaurant or something and
they're posing together with their arms
around each other and you look at them
and they're all white men of a certain
age they're all white
men now correct me if I'm wrong were
these not exactly the same scolds who
are telling us that Democrats are right
about everything and the and that uh
those darn Republicans are the
racists they had no diversity in their
own industry at the top which is where
it matters right
so yeah you can see on locals are
putting putting the photo in the comment
but to see the level of
hypocrisy uh there's one it made me want
to explain one thing about myself that I
don't think I've said
enough uh I don't think I've said this
enough so as you know I got cancelled
for saying things that people said were
racist did you know that I've never
blamed black Americans for anything at
least in terms of of racism against me
to the best of my knowledge no black
American has ever directly discriminated
against me not that I know of white
Americans absolutely have discriminated
against me first an employment and
certainly in getting canceled so the
cancellation is because of white
Americans not black Americans so I want
to be really clear about that I don't
really have a problem with black
Americans I don't know why I even would
I don't have any personal issues and at
a at a macro level it's white Americans
that are the problem it's the white
Americans trying to protect their
position by saying if I help you fight
those other low paid lowincome white
Americans will you treat me like I'm on
your side yeah we'd love
that so all right I gotta I've got a
minute or so of uh of
buffer I saw Mike cernovich uh talking
about what I will call the demon filter
which is he's he's got a a filter on
reality um that I don't share but I'm
going to give you going to give you a
alternate take on it that
uh let me just read his
words um so CNO says in two different
posts the FBI creates chaos so that it
can aggregate more power for itself from
the fear my religious beliefs this is C
tell me that they convene directly with
demons you needn't believe this yourself
and may dismiss it as Superstition you
cannot deny what you see the FBI do
doing though
evil
so we do see something that seems like
evil then he followed up with
um he said uh the demons would have
finished their work had comma one now
lacking institutional Force they have
unleashed the sleeper cells stay
vigilant and remember they Unleashed it
Joe Biden Alejandro or who who did it
Joe Biden Alejandro myus there are
others do not blame the system it was
men who did this so evil and
demons and um here's what I say about
reality reality is not something any of
us have access to we just don't your
your brains yeah I'm watching the phone
I'll be ready
your
brains I'm watching the time your brains
were not designed to understand reality
it's not even close to the level of
equipment it would take to do that so
instead your brain comes up with the
best story of reality and if that story
Works to predict that's the best story
so instead of saying that Mike covich
has a view of reality that's uh not
accurate well I would know that because
I don't have access to base reality so
his might be closer to base reality or
not how would I
know however there's another there's an
alternative explanation for everything
you see that I think doesn't require
anything outside of the natural world
and explains
everything and that is that uh it's a
Dei problem Dei plus white guilt as I
just explained explains everything we
now it doesn't mean it is the reason and
and legitimate people are saying hey
you're you're over applying that filter
it just looks like it's racism I get
that I I get why you'd say that it does
however explain everything you see
because it's been now years that I've
said is if if Dei is used to Simply
constrain the number of choices you have
for who you hire and put in important
positions you're guaranteed
not just maybe you're guaranteed to
destroy the effectiveness of everything
it
touches what we're observing is that
every institution seems to be defective
and incompetent at a level we've never
seen not because of anybody's genes not
because of anybody's culture but because
your hiring decisions have been
artificially constrained so not
everybody's going to be able to pick who
they want to pick they'll have to pick
who they know they can get away with
picking under those conditions every
single thing that you're seeing going
wrong with the country should be just
like this and right now this is when
You' see it and this is how it would
look
so I would say you don't need the extra
layer of demons now by the way the demon
filter could still be above that so in
other words the demon filter could be
informing what caused the Dei problem in
the first place so it doesn't it doesn't
negate the other filter
all I'm saying is you should use the
filter that predicts the best I wouldn't
know how to use the demon filter to
predict other than there'll always be
evil but I know how to use the Dei
filter because I did in fact predict
that we would be in exactly this
situation right about now so you know
you choose which which filter do you
want the one that predicted or the one
that you don't know how to use to
predict anyway we've learned that chat
GPT can make your make you doubt the
news according to S poost um AI will
eventually have to agree with the fake
news because humans will not let AI come
up with its own opinions so in the long
term search engines and the news and AI
will all end up being the same because
humans ultimately control all of them
and they will make sure that you see the
version that the people in power want
you to see so no AI will never help you
um AI will definitely not help you
figure out what's real it definitely
won't do that uh in the
future and then my last
story is uh let's
see oh looks like the UN is going to
make a massive mission to fight the
climate related disinformation this is
according to the climate Depot Mark
Morano was writing about this so that's
what we need we need the United Nations
to really really work hard to clamp down
on what they call the disinformation
about climate which you and I call the
accurate information about climate so
now take this with your prior
story so if you believe that the climate
story is completely fake news with lots
of true facts I mean lot of lot of it's
true but when you combine it into the
Nar that it's an emergency and we have
to spend all of our money on it it
becomes more of a hoax
so this is a perfect
example what is AI ever going to say
about climate change AI will only be
allowed to say that it's real it's a
panic and we have to do something about
it right away there's no way AI is going
to have an independent opinion ever
about anything that matters so there so
that that's obviously a problem all
right ladies and gentlemen I'm going to
just say two words to the locals people
in a moment uh privately but for the
rest of you thanks for joining and I
will see you again tomorrow same time
same place locals coming at you
privately but just very
quickly just in time
for
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e