bum-bum-bum hey everybody come on in
here yes the weekend and it's time for
the weekend edition of coffee with Scott
Adamson all you need to enjoy it is
coffee with Scott Adams fortunately I
got the second 1/2 covered for you you
just need to take care of the coffee
part Kapiti could be a different
beverage it doesn't really matter but
whatever it is grab your cup your mug
your glass grab your stein your
challenge your tankard your thermos your
flask your container if any kind of
vessel if you will fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure
that I call the simultaneous sip oh good
good good stuff all right I know you're
here to find out the truth about UFOs
people say Scott we don't know if we
should believe in UFOs should we and I
have a definitive answer for you
no you shouldn't and here's why so the
president was recently asked on an
interview by Tucker Carlson if UFOs are
real essentially and President Trump
said and the first thing you need to
know is that the President of the United
States would presumably know all that
could be known so everything that could
be known he knows about UFOs and he said
quote I'm not a believer but anything is
possible now about the details he said I
don't want to get into it so that does
open the possibility that there are
things which are unexplained which might
be some other countries military you
know might have to do with some things
we can detect that we're not supposed to
be able to but I think when the
president says I'm not a believer but
anything is possible
the way he phrases that guarantees that
there's nothing to be seen now as Greg
Gutfeld has pointed out on his show the
five with all of the cameras in the
world you know everybody's got a phone
in your hand there are high quality
cameras everywhere somebody would have
gotten a picture a nice clearer picture
the the one thing that seems to be I
would say it seems to be the most
convincing bit okay for all of you
saying the volume is a problem the
volume is not a problem so you can stop
saying it please whatever the problem is
is on your end so you've seen the the
video of the ship that they lock onto
you and then I'm not going to get closer
to the mic I have exactly the same setup
as always okay I'm gonna start I'm gonna
start blocking all the people who are
talking about the volume okay so just
know that if you're complaining about
the volume there's nothing wrong with it
and then just gonna block you because
you're you're holding up the show at
this point so you've seen the video of
the jet apparently locking on some kind
of a thing that they think was moving at
great speed and it was moving this way
and then it moved this way and it was
still moving at the same speed okay that
didn't happen that didn't happen if I
had to guess what that is the one where
the jet seemed to be locking on to an
object it was moving faster than her she
didn't move I would guess that there was
something stuck to the plane so here's
my guess that just a guess so if you
imagine let's say this let's say this
box of Kleenex is the jet and the jet
thought it was looking at some kind of
UFO they were slightly a gray speed
below it right so that's what I thought
so I've got a feeling that it wasn't
something big but rather it was
something small that got stucked by some
kind of a wire or string or something it
was literally just flapping back and
forth under the plane and I think it was
just an illusion it was a piece of fuzz
or a piece of debris or just something
stuck to the plane so I think that
nothing was flying at all I think there
was just something stuck to the plane
and the camera was seeing something that
was stuck to it and it made it look like
it was somewhere else or it was a
practical joke or something but whatever
whatever it was I don't think Trump
would word it this way can you imagine
the Trump would ever say I'm not a
believer if there was some actual
information he would say something like
well you know I can't get into that or
you know it's fun to believe he would
have done something more indirect but to
put himself on record as saying I'm not
a believer that's a weird way to say you
know that would be a weird way to
deflect so just his choice of words
tells me there's nothing there that's my
final my final ruling UFOs are not
visiting the earth as far as we know all
right
Michael Shellenberger expert on all
things nuclear energy had an interesting
tweet that feels like one of the the
types of tweets that the the idea of it
could change things and here's what he
said exactly he said Germany in
California are held up as models for
action of climate change but had they
invested 680 billion into new nuclear
power plants instead of renewables they
would already be generating a hundred
percent of their electricity from carbon
free energy sources so given that we
roughly know how much it costs to build
a nuclear reactor and given that we know
how much has been spent on renewables
we don't have to guess anymore we don't
have to guess we could just say well if
you'd done if you've got nuclear in the
first place just look at the numbers
you'd already be done so that's a pretty
powerful argument now if I were to push
back about against the argument it would
look like this
the whole argument about renewables is
that in the early days renewables are
way too expensive but if you spend a lot
of money on renewables that the last
unit of renewables will be a fraction of
what the first units cost so when
Michael schellenberg says 680 billion
that's 680 billion that was really front
loaded meaning that the cost of solar
etc was much higher when they started
doing it and those costs are built in
there yes they started today I would ask
the question I don't know the answer to
it but I would ask the question given
that renewable started real expensive
and they got cheaper cheaper cheaper if
you start today the first dollar would
be that cheap dollar so you'd be buying
solar real inexpensively and the ones
after that might even be less expensive
so I don't know that this you know
back-of-the-envelope comparison of if
you'd spent this you would have had this
result is as let's say logically
unassailable as it sounds on first blush
but it might be true like completely
true that if they'd spent 600 to 80
billion on nuclear they would be done
because we know a nuclear costs it is
not necessarily true given that the cost
of those renewables so presumably come
down a lot all right you start blocking
all of the people who complain about the
sounds still so so it might be that if
you started today you still wouldn't
know what the comparison would
like so if you started today you'd be
starting with cheap solar for example
and you don't know what nuclear would
look like in the future
but it's probably true that if they've
done nuclear the first place they'd be
done and they'd have everything we
wanted I saw a news article that said
something like two-thirds of all of the
two-thirds of all of the co2 that humans
are putting in through the air could be
remediated by planting trees in all of
the places that had been deforested so
think about that - think about the fact
that we could get rid of 2/3 of human
co2 by planting trees now I saw
separately I saw another article not too
long ago that apparently there's one
type of tree that is a really fast and
growing tree and somebody say you can
get kratom trees I don't know if that's
a joke or not but there's some kind of
special tree that is extra thirsty for
co2 and if you plant a lot of them you
would get there even sooner and I here's
the question I asked myself you got 7
billion people who have this shared
problem of you know there might be a
climate change disaster coming what if
every person got a few seeds you know
what what if every person received in
the mail a little packet of acorns or or
whatever whatever is the seed for these
trees that grow quite quickly so
everybody just gets a package of seeds
in the mail and they can go plant a tree
in their backyard they could go plant a
tree and the bark you know as long as
it's a place where the tree belongs yeah
or you could just say hey we got a
forest over here
that's been deforested so I guess it's
not a for us anybody who's got a package
of seeds drop on by and drop a seed yeah
plant a tree with us yeah like like an
arbor day situation it makes me wonder
it
would be one of those very few things
that you could get everybody to do
because everybody likes to plant a tree
right yeah there's probably nobody who
is against the idea of planting a tree
well just nobody nobody hates a tree so
that would be an interesting thing to
see happen to see some mass movement for
planting the right kind of trees in the
right places all right so let's look at
so Trump explained his problem with the
teleprompter and when he referred to
this Revolutionary War and he referred
to the airports and people said wait a
minute there were no airports during the
Revolutionary War and Trump explained
that the teleprompter was going in and
out but what I'm gonna call out is not
whether or not that's a realistic
sounding explanation I would say it does
seem likely that the problem was the
teleprompter because he was reading it
so if he's reading something and he
reads something wrong it probably was
either he couldn't see the teleprompter
or or something but here's what I'm
gonna call out the president's
explanation of what happened is just
hilarious and it's hilarious
because it's effective it's hilarious in
the way that only the president handles
things if somebody if you had done what
he did let's say if you had been giving
this speech and you had said airports
when you're talking about the
Revolutionary War and everybody said
hahaha there were no airports how would
you handle that well some of you would
said I would have said ok you got me
I misspoke I'm so dumb hahaha that's not
good because it makes you look dumb some
might you lie and say oh I didn't say
airports you heard me wrong and then
that would just look dumb there's almost
nothing you could do that makes it
better
except maybe what Trump did here's what
Trump did and I swear you could take a
thousand people and put it in the same
situation he was with this Airport of
thing and and only one of them would
have handled it as well as he did now
there will be some argument about
whether this is the way to handle it but
I'm telling you it is all right and
here's why here's what he said he first
of all he said that the rain he said
that's not a good feeling when you're
standing in front of millions and
millions of people he said this is the
president
I guess the rain knocked out the
teleprompter so the first thing he does
is he puts you in the scene right so he
goes that's not a good feeling when
you're standing in front of millions and
millions of people and the rain knocks
out the teleprompter he puts you in the
movie all right so that's the first
thing he tells you how it feels to be
standing up there that's really good
really really good because when he says
that it just puts you right the scene
now how do you feel when it's you he put
you in the scene now you're the one
standing in front of millions of people
the whole world is watching
and your teleprompter goes off right
that's like the scariest thing in the
world for most people so the first thing
he's done is without was saying so he's
told you how brave he is compared to you
but he didn't have to say it he simply
said it's not a good feeling when you're
standing in front of millions and
millions of people
I guess the rain knocked out the
teleprompter he wasn't bragging he said
it was a bad feeling but by putting you
in the scene for most of you it scared
the pants off of you because you imagine
what that would be like that would
people are afraid of public speaking and
this would be the worst thing that could
happen in public speaking by the way
this this has happened to me when I've
been doing public speaking I've had
problems with the AV etc and it's not a
good feeling he's right
so that's the first thing he does
but that he gets better like this that's
just the beginning all right second
thing he says but he said that his
memory of the speech otherwise served
him well so this is the part where he
brags without bragging well this is
sorta bragging he goes he goes I knew
the speech very well so I was able to do
it without a teleprompter he said and it
was actually hard to look at look at
anyway because of the rain so so he he
he makes the claim that the teleprompter
was going in and out the whole time so
the first thing you think is okay this
isn't a person that was reading a
teleprompter and then got a word wrong
this is somebody who is so talented and
he knew this speech so well that he was
doing it without the teleprompter and
you only noticed it once that's right
the whole time he was basically doing it
without the you know the consistent help
of the teleprompter but he only noticed
it once you have to admit that is the
best answer anybody ever gave so he's
making he's introducing this new is
introducing a new thought but maybe he
memorized the speech oh that he knew it
so well he was doing it and I just got
that one thing wrong okay you have to
admit am I wrong
if a thousand people answered this
question out of a thousand people he's
the only one who would have this good of
an answer because it's it's patently
ridiculous but it's ridiculous in a fun
way like it's just ridiculous of it in a
way that I don't know how you could not
laugh at that I swear everything that
Trump does it's at least a little bit of
funny you know even even when he's
negotiating with North Korea he found a
way to make it funny I'm not
about that right he how about Putin so
Russia interferes with our elections and
it's you know it's it's a big serious
problem but somehow finds a way to make
that funny it's like he just turns to
Putin he goes stop interfering with our
elections you have to admit he's turned
the most serious things in the world
into things that are still serious but
they're also a little bit funny there's
no way this isn't an improvement in
society alright so the Taliban is
heading off to Qatar or someplace for
some for some peace talks now I don't
know what are the odds that there will
be peace with the Taliban but they seem
pretty serious about it so that golden
age might be coming up now one of the
things that I think historians will like
about this president is apparently he's
given more control to the generals in
the field and although we don't have a
big presence in Afghanistan something
tells me that the president's we do have
in Afghanistan is so effective for
whatever reason so effective that the
Taliban is willing to say alright let's
just talk you've got to be pretty
effective with your military to make the
Taliban say yeah you know maybe we won't
fight now maybe maybe we'll talk it out
you know it could be a trick maybe the
Taliban are just trying to you know
reduce our presence there but we'll say
it looks like good at Sai Natha mode so
[Music]
Brit Hume tweeted about Joe Biden's
gaffe if you didn't see it Joe Biden was
being interviewed I forget who Chris
Cuomo I guess and Biden actually said
this it's amazing Biden said Russian
election interference wouldn't have
happened on my watch in Barack's watch
Biden actually said that Russian
election interfere
wouldn't have happened on his watch and
Barack's watch as he watched television
for the last three years every single
new show was about Russian interference
during his administration all of it it
was the main show the the primary a
political story for the last three years
is that it did happen on his watch
that's this whole story and but so the
fact that he said something that's
untrue is you know a little bit
interesting but it's it's the political
season so everybody's saying things that
are untrue so that the fact that is
untrue is not the interesting part
here's the interesting part
what brit hume put on his tweet when he
retweeted it so brits only comment was
quote the poor guy can't help himself
now if you want a hue if you want to see
a period on the end of a sentence in
this case it's the period on the end of
the sentence that says joe biden tried
to run for the nomination for the
Democratic nomination
this is the period at the end of the
sentence that says he didn't make it he
didn't get there when your competitors
and I'm not you know Bray Hume is not a
political competitor but you would be
associated with Fox News and Republicans
and conservatives on the right so
without label over labeling bruh Hume he
would be associated with folks in that
universe more than the people on the
left when when you find the even the
people on the other side are saying the
poor guy can't help himself that's
actually a genuine expression of amused
sympathy if what you were invoking from
voters is amused sympathy you don't have
a chance
because think about what people were
saying about Trump he's dangerous he's
gonna be too powerful if somebody is
complaining about the candidate you like
by saying that they're too powerful
they're a bully he just takes what he
wants and that sort of thing well that's
a competitor you know that's a
politician you have to you have to worry
about that's somebody who's gonna make a
make a dent in the universe
and sure enough president Trump made a
pretty big dent in the universe but if
people if what people are saying about
you is poor guy can't help himself
that's actually pity that's actually
just feeling sorry for him and I have to
admit that when I first heard it make
that gaffe I felt a little bit of that
normally when you see a candidate you
don't want to get elected make a mistake
don't you normally feel a little shot in
Freud a little a little bit of joy and
seeing the other side make a mistake
it's just human nature right we like to
see the other team have an error but I
had the same feeling that I think Brett
did which was a little bit of feeling
sorry for him and it's I hate to say it
but it's age-related it feels like an
age issue that doesn't mean it is but
that's the way it comes across so I did
feel sorry for him
so he doesn't have a chance all right
one of the things that amuses me about
how the election is shaping up the 2020
presidential election is that the
Democrats seem to have abandoned most of
their arguments and when I say abandoned
their arguments it means there are old
arguments about Trump or that he would
do something bad we expect him to do
something bad I'm sure that if you elect
him you'll do something that but
unfortunately their argument fell apart
because of the
lack of something bad because he's
actually been president and the things
didn't materialize now the exception to
that is the kids and cages and the
detention centers now you might say to
yourself yes but those were those were
Obama detention centers but it doesn't
matter
like nobody nobody really cares about
that you know nobody cares about the
facts nobody cares that Kamala Harris's
opinions on busing look hypocritical
when she criticizes Biden because those
are facts and nobody cares about the
facts all right
nobody cares about the facts so I've
watched the Democrats go from predicting
that something bad would happen with
Trump to having to react to the fact
that that most of the bad things like
the economy and starting nuclear war and
stuff like that didn't happen and then
of course Trump keeps doing things which
are so unambiguously good for the black
community for example in in terms of
everything from prison reform to low in
employment to continually saying the
right things at least lately more lately
I guess so what if the Democrats done as
a sort of a response they've turned to
words they've given up on arguments
entirely and they have actually turned
to just words and Frank Luntz was
pointing this out on Laura a groom's
show and there are two words that they
two phrases that are lighting on one is
dignity you know so dignity is sort of
the stand-in for a reason meaning that
you have to give people socialism in
various ways to protect their human
dignity and then also human right right
so the other phrases health care is a
human right and that there's a number of
parts of socialism that get to people's
dignity but then they also use words for
why you
shouldn't support President Trump and
you hear that your Biden especially call
him a bully a bully so they're reduced
to words and I've said this a million
times but Republicans seem to be more
interested in systems you know how can
we build a system that gets us the best
outcome we can we don't know how good
that outcome will be but if we have a
good system it will give us the best
outcome that's possible we just don't
know exactly what it will be whereas the
Democrats go right to the end state
without knowing how to get there so
they'd like dignity but how do you get
there you know what's your process for
getting there they'd like to everybody
to have you know the human rights but
what's the process what's the system how
do you get there that's always the the
missing part now the exception would be
health care because the Democrats do
have a number of specific plans you
might say are impractical and maybe they
are but at least with health care they
do have some systems but otherwise the
Republicans tend to own all the systems
but here's the other thing that's
impressive about what the Democrats have
done that doesn't seem to be available
for Republicans Democrats seem to be
able to consistently demonize words and
images so that so the other team can't
use them you're just some of the things
so Democrats have made the the Maggie
hat a racist symbol according to them
now what I say according to them and the
racist symbol that only means in their
minds and here's the important part it
weaponized is the craziest among them so
that they they feel good attacking
people in public so they've demonized
the Maggie hat to the point and the
slogan to the point where the where the
craziest among them will actually attack
people in public one of the one of the
two Republicans have anything like that
they've demonized the the okay signal
hand signal by saying that that's racist
they've demonized Confederate statues
I'm against Confederate statues but just
putting in the list to show how
effective they are
they've demonized any image with the
founders on it because there were slave
owners and they've and you can't use the
wrong language for transgender for gay
for people of color etc and so we've got
this massive list of things you can't
say and can't do and can't wear and
can't be near but but the Republicans
don't have that do they we've got your
you know don't burn the flag but even
that's a lot of Republicans are saying
well that's freedom of speech so the the
summary of all this is that the
Democrats have completely built their a
message around words just words without
without the structure that would make
something happen in the real world
because they say for example that Trump
is a bully well that's a word what would
be the bad thing that happened because
Trump was a bully what what would be the
logical outcome since you say he's a
bully and you're saying that's bad
what's what did he do
specifically did it make the economy
worse did it make Isis win what did it
do it's not obvious to me and how about
the dignity you know you could argue
that dignity is the you know freedom to
take care of yourself
etc but you can't really argue against
dignity
it but it's just sort of a word and the
concept and generally speaking you know
somebody who's mentioning che guevara
Guevara shirts the the Democrats could
even wear a Che Guevara shirt and even
that won't get them beat up in public
imagine you know anything like that the
other direction
so I hate myself for saying that because
I don't like to talk about hypocrisy
it's always when you talk about
hypocrisy you're operating at the lowest
level of political analysis you know
your sign did it to that that's the
lowest level of political analysis all
right so the question would be what does
the president need to do in order to
counter the human rights and dignity
arguments well I don't think you want to
counter them because you can't argue
against dignity and you can't argue
against human rights but you can say we
embrace all of those goals but we have a
better system to get there that's sort
of the kill shot I don't expect
President Trump to say anything like I
just said but if I were running for
president and my competitors were saying
you know we need dignity and human
rights and and all those things and you
know we need more income equality
whatever they're saying I would say you
know I want all of those things I I
embrace every one of your goals but the
only way to get there is with free
markets the only way to get there is by
cutting some regulation if you think
that's what what is necessary so I think
the very best thing you can do is accept
the strongest argument from the other
side let me give you an example that do
you remember when Bob Dole was running
against Clinton for for his second term
you know the Clinton who was running for
re-election against Bob Dole and Bob
Dole was saying things like well I'm
gonna you know bring back the the
awesomeness of the greatest generation
I'm gonna bring back you know respect
and you know duty and all those great
qualities of the the older generation
and at first that seemed like a really
strong approach and you notice how
similar that is
- dignity and human rights very similar
to the Bob Dole approach because he was
running against Clinton who was accused
of having low moral character for a
variety of reasons so what did Clinton
do did Clinton say no I that's not fair
or you're bad - no he didn't what Bill
Clinton did was he embraced doles
message and he actually said out loud
that Bob Dole is a great guy a great
citizen and those are you know why he's
promoting our or our awesome ideas but
and here was the kill shot Clinton said
dole is planning for the past were
planning for the future think about that
that pretty much ended the election
right there as soon as Clinton said that
he respects Dole and everything that he
stands for but it's a message about the
past and we're and we're about the
future that's the end of it so sometimes
the best thing you can do with your
opponents message if it's if it's if
it's in the terms of character and you
know dignity and duty you know being a
good person if that's their best
argument the best thing you can do is
embrace it let's say those are great
things we've got some plans to get us
closer to those things our opponent
doesn't have any plans but they have
lots of hopes they had lots of hopes but
country doesn't run on hope country
doesn't run on words we're not a country
of words we're a country of systems
that's why we have a constitution that's
why we have capitalism that's why we
have you know a republic so systems are
what matters and I'm going to give you
some systems that will get you a good
result the Democrats are going to give
you some really good sounding words and
I agree with all of them I'd love to
have some dignity I'd love to have as
much health care as possible and
cost I embrace every one of your
objectives and unlike you I have a way
to get there that would be a powerful
message so sometimes this is this is the
the basic idea is that sometimes the
best thing you can do is embrace
everything about your competitors
message because that makes them look
weak if you oppose your competitors
message that makes their message look
strong it's something that that must be
opposed if you embrace it and say I
accept every part of that now let me
show you how I'm gonna do something good
but they're they're gonna be kind of
silent over there they don't have any
way to get there that's a strong message
all right
somebody says I reject the notion that
poor people are inherently undignified
that would be that would be a good
message yet I assume you're saying that
as something that the president should
say I'm gonna repeat that through those
of you didn't see the comment somebody
somebody was saying that I assume this
is why you meant in the comments is that
if the president was accused of not
doing things that would give people
dignity that a good responses that would
be I refused to see the world as poor
people lacking dignity you know I I
don't see people that way I think
they're completely dignified they're
just in a bad situation and here's how
I'm gonna make it better that would be
devastating that would be really
devastating especially in if you if you
heard that in the context of a debate it
would be just yeah it would be the thing
they courted the next day all right
there is very little news happening at
the moment because the holidays and so
I'm not going to go longer than I need
to all right I think we got it enough
for today and why don't you go have a
great day
because that's what I'm gonna do bye for
now