[Music]
hey everybody come on in Golden Age oh
well you know what the third act is
right the third act is the place in the
movie where you think it can't get any
worse and the third act was the
coronavirus now you're saying to
yourself but Wade Scott we had the third
act the coronavirus it does seem like
we've been met you know a lot of work to
do still people will die but it does
seem like we've gotten over the top of
that so it seems like we beat the third
act the place where the hero of the
movie has this impossible task but here
we are in the in the protest slash riots
slash destroyed and retail everywhere
and you might say to yourself this looks
worse no no no no in scriptwriting terms
after the third act quite often there's
that part where the Terminator comes
back to life for about a minute and then
the hero has to kill the bad guy one
more time or he's already killed the top
henchmen but the the top bad guy is
still alive so it's very common that
after the third act there's another
seemingly impossible problem they get
solved now I told you before that I see
the protest as of course as a
combination of lots of social factors in
history and all that and there's a
trigger a specific trigger but I see it
as an energy problem meaning that
there's a whole bunch of people who've
been cooped up all winter cooped up for
the coronavirus didn't get to exercise
often didn't get to work just too much
and if season the dog-walker taught us
nothing it say you can't have a
well-behaved dog unless you burn off its
energy people are not that different
people are not that different I'm
talking about all peoples and don't make
it racial all people human beings we if
we have too much energy we can get in
trouble and when we've burned off our
energy and we're ready to relax
well we're easier to deal with just like
any other animal and we have a serious
energy problem there's way too much
energy now I think this weekend may have
burned off a little bit but we'll talk
about that after the most important part
of the morning the simultaneous cept you
don't need much to participate all you
need is a cup of ugh the last anger
tells us I attack MT injector flask oh
that's already kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure
that dopamine it is the day the thing
that makes everything better
including the coronavirus including the
protests it's called the simultaneous if
it happens now go hmm yep
temperatures falling as we speak well
here's my take on the whole ugly
situation first of all the protests have
reached my territory so I'm no longer
speaking hypothetically the places where
I planned to shop for my my summer
shorts and such don't exist anymore so
that the stores that I would normally
shop at just got destroyed last night in
Walnut Creek now I hear the Pleasanton
stores were targeted the mall were
that's the one that's actually closest
to me but I haven't heard an update on
that now I did hear that there was a a
protest scheduled for my
town which is just walking distance last
night but I didn't hear any how come
from it because I didn't want to get too
close to it and what I heard it was
being organized it was being organized
as a peaceful protest but aren't they
all they're sort of all organized as
peaceful protests they just well I guess
they're not all the empty files not
peaceful at all but at least the black
lives matter part of it it's supposed to
be peaceful and when I saw somebody
organizing one for my town yesterday I
had two very serious lead different
thoughts one was well isn't the good
that people want to demonstrate in favor
of you know equality and treating
everybody well that part's good it's
good that people want to demonstrate to
for those things what I thought was
amazingly stupid was doing it now and in
that way because it would invite trouble
and the downtown stores would be
vulnerable so I have to I have to be
stark about this I don't want to leave
any wiggle room or a gray area so I'm
going to say this as clearly as I
possibly can for the first several days
this triggering event the the George
Floyd killing was so horrible that the
nation needed to do something needed to
act needed to change needed to improve
needed to get it out of their system
needed to scream and so for a few days I
was quite tolerant with the fact that
protests brought with them some violence
I was quite tolerant when we got a
little caught off guard and things got
broken and destroyed because I would say
not everybody saw coming you didn't
exactly know where it was gonna go that
chief you know their top priority he was
keeping everybody physically safe it was
economically bad very bad for the store
owners and such but at least not too
many people died
so so at least that was good so I would
say that for the first several days and
including the weekend an argument could
be made that those protests if you will
are legitimate
would you agree would you agree that
protests given the seriousness of the
situation
and the trigger demonstrations protests
completely legitimate I think we'd all
agree right free speech people had
something to say that's what we do it's
America you get something to say it's
important free speech
go say it all good however not
everything that starts good stays good
likewise the I was quite in favor
initially with the coronavirus locked
out of the economy I said to myself a
month six weeks probably more good than
bad worth a shot
two months not not comfortable but maybe
still makes sense but if you lock down
long enough it just turns bad that's why
we're seeing with the protests they
started out legitimate and here's the
weird thing it started out with everyone
on their side generally the whole point
of a protest is that there's somebody on
the other side of the argument who is on
the other side of the argument nobody
nobody so again it made perfect sense to
express feelings to to get it out of our
system and I'm even a little bit
forgiving a little bit a little bit
forgiving that there was damage and
destruction that came with it because
there was a lot of anger a lot of
emotions a lot of energy can't control
all of it even if you tried and in fact
controlling it might have made things
worse so I don't I I would say I'm
willing to sort of in a in a mental
social way to offer a pass to everybody
who's been involved
with good intentions because the people
with good intentions created a situation
where very bad things happened well I
don't think you can completely blame
them because the people with good
intentions have the right of free speech
they have a right to be mad certainly
have a right to be mad they there were
free people they get to to say what they
need to say and get it out of their
system and be heard all good but now
it's Monday
now it's Monday now it's Monday Monday
is time to get back to work if peoples
were on different sides of this I would
even say all right keep demonstrating
even even at the high cost that we're
seeing if people still disagreed and
there was still this any resistance to
making things better fairer just better
for everybody if there were any
resistance to it more protests make
sense but there's not there just isn't
this you know you have a said hello
meaning everybody that black lives
matter feels that they would like to
persuade to their side we started there
meaning that we all watched the George
Floyd video we watched it too and you
watch that thing and you take sides with
black lives matter on this issue anyway
right away right away you take you take
sides with them they had us at hello now
they've lost us so I would say that I
personally have felt a great turn in my
attitude toward really everything I
would say that I've turned from
completely productive meaning if I can
help I would certainly like to to more
along the lines of I think I need to
just get out of Dodge because I don't
think this can be fixed meaning that
distance looks like the only thing that
I can do for myself so I would look to
get distance
for many urban center you know I have
distance wide so I was safe so far but
certainly I would look to maintain that
I think cities may be dead you know
other people are saying the same thing
but it's not because of this
specifically I think there were a number
of forces from you know coronavirus do
traffic to a lifestyle in pollution and
you name it I think cities maybe have
run their course I don't know that that
makes sense anymore you know they've
made sense in a different different
economic time but I think that it makes
sense anymore there seem too dangerous
and I think that they will peter out or
become completely segregated I suppose
that's possible too so here's my take on
black lives matter just to complete the
thought black lives matter as a concept
or good as a concept as an idea as a as
a notion that you know we should all
want to agree on all good protest for
several days even even with even with
the damage I'm gonna say you know not
ideal nobody wants damage and nobody
wants anybody to get hurt
but the enormity of the trigger the
enormity of the situation I think it
deserves a big response now what's
happened but now we know what happens
when we have more protests and we know
that they don't move the needle except
in the wrong direction from this point
on black lives matter of organizers if
you organize another protest peacefully
you have to know that it will be worse
for your cause because you will be
thought of much worse I'm speaking for
myself but I assume a lot of people
would feel similar I don't like to put
thoughts into other people's heads but I
know my own
action toward black lives matter turned
this weekend so I'm sort of sitting on
the fence waiting to see what happens if
things calm down and black lives matter
takes it to the the useful field of
here's some ideas this is what we can do
can we be can we meet with you mister
president
can we meet with the governor we got
some ideas are you open to it yes yes
absolutely open to it and if that's the
way black lives matter it goes I'm gonna
say you know I'm just I'm just gonna let
the past be the past try to try to sweep
up try to clean up just try to move
forward but if black lives matter
organizes new events after we've all
agreed and knowing that it will attract
an Tifa and looters then I would think
that anybody who participates in that
would have to be considered domestic
terrorists along with antiphon because I
don't think you could there's no
rational way you could understand a
continued protests again completely
validating the protests that have
happened so far even with the damage but
if you keep going it's taking a good
thing too far and I think that America
will just treat you at least mentally as
domestic terrorists at least I would so
I would say anybody who's who is
demonstrating after tonight I mean
tonight and forward any further
demonstrations I would just personally
see as domestic terror because there's
no other way it's gonna go
if you know how it's gonna turn out its
domestic terrorism if you didn't know or
where you really were concerned about
something else and it just happened
that's just bad that's just a bad
situation but now it would be
intentional so so we don't have to guess
what happens if we do this again tonight
so I think I read an article
it was Andrew McCarthy was saying that
talking about the president designated
designating an tyfa and by the way i
didn't see in the comments but i know
that somebody is gonna say Scott Scott
Scott the troublemakers are not black
lives matter you know I'm not saying
that right
I'm not saying black lives matter is
causing the that they are doing the
looting
I'm not saying black lives matter of the
organizers anyway I'm not saying they're
anti feh I'm saying if they do another
event they're inviting those forces so
we can no longer separate them going
forward but in the past sure so Andrew
McCarthy said that the president
designating anti fara as a domestic
terror organization is meaningless or
pointless he says he says the purported
designation would be pointless because
we already have all the laws we need we
don't need any extra designation to have
all the power we need to fight an tyfa
i completely disagree with andrew
mccarthy on this except that i of course
agree with him on the legal point he's
making legally I would I have no reason
to disagree because he has more you know
more understanding of this field of
course so here's why I disagree there's
a big difference between saying that
something is sort of ongoing police
concern versus a domestic terrorist
organization the fact that it doesn't
trigger any special laws you know that's
interesting but I don't think that's the
point of it the point of it is to shame
an tyfa and of existence the point of
the designation is persuasion if it also
somehow turned into you know you could
make some special rules because of it
well I suppose that might be a bonus but
this is about hey mom and dad you know
your kid in the basement remember your
kid in the basement said he was getting
involved with anti-fog and you thought
well they don't have any special goals
and
it's just a youthful thing and blah blah
blah but have his mom and dad feel if
they are harboring a terrorist right you
see it now right if you're living at
home with your parents and honestly I
don't know how an empty file feeds
itself like actually literally that's a
serious question I don't know are they
all being fed by other people because
they couldn't possibly have jobs because
I'm not saying that as a joke I'm saying
that it seems like it would be
inconsistent with their philosophy to
have a job does they be working for some
big fascist corporation or something so
that's an actual serious question and
I've I would love to know a half and out
of the eight so if you've got a group of
people who need jobs and they need a
place to live what do you think that
being designated as a terrorist a
terrorist what do you think that does to
your job prospects what do you think
that does to your college application
and what do you think that does to mom
and dad who now are harboring a
terrorist harboring a terrorist in their
house do you think that changes the
dynamic mom and dad it's not just fun
anymore
now you're harboring a terrorist in your
house okay so Andrew McCarthy I could
not disagree in stronger terms but I do
agree with you on the legal
technicalities it doesn't create any new
powers or new laws I mean I don't have
any knowledge of that field I'll just
assume that the Andrew McCarthy is right
because he's smart and he's right about
this stuff generally speaking but man
the president is right on with us he's
right on on point with that speaking of
the president has anybody seen them
Trump is still president
right right wait we still have the
president because it looked to me like
the country was on fire last night in
don't remember seeing the president
anybody see the president
are you happy about that are you happy
about that president some of you voted
for and you didn't see him during a time
when the country was on fire his tweets
not enough sometimes well here's my take
on that
I don't know that Trump is making a
strategic mistake I do know that the
public would like him to step up and do
more and fix it you know and be sort of
magic use your magic you can go fix it
but it's possible that there's no play
here meaning that there isn't anything
you can do and anything he does makes it
worse for example if Trump went in
public and said all right I'm gonna give
this this speech to bring us all
together how would that go if Trump gave
a speech to bring us all together what
would be the outcome of a really
well-written speech designed to bring us
together you know what it would happen
right yeah you know what would happen
CNN would find people room again they
would find people him they would find
some word he used this suggests he was
really looking he was looking at for
white supremacist you know that would
happen anything he says on this is gonna
is gonna be turned into a fine people
hoax part two so that doesn't mean he
gets to not do his job just to be clear
just because there's no way it will work
doesn't mean he shouldn't do it it's the
weirdest thing it's like the protests
the protesters on some level probably
knew it was going to make things worse
but they just had to do it anyway you
know the energy was too great I assume
that most of the protesters at least
suspected you would don't make things
worse
and they were still okay with it because
the energy the president if he gives a
speech no matter how well written no
matter how well delivered no matter how
sincere will almost certainly
work against and don't you agree because
they're just gonna twist his words into
exactly the opposite of what he says
they will report it non-stop the people
who read the news or reading that news
they're not gonna read Fox News saying
they took that a lot of context they're
not going to see that so if P talks in
public it will make everything worse
because of the illegitimate press and he
still has to do it is that a up
situation or what he still has to do it
he still has to do it it's gonna make it
worse it still has to do it
somebody says he just gave the speech at
NASA how'd that go somebody says he
spoke Saturday well you know he hasn't
spoken at night when the riots are
raging some people think that that would
be important I doubt it
here's the only thing that Trump can do
that will work
will he be clever enough to do this well
let's put it this way so here's the fun
you ready here's the fun the fun is that
I think you probably all know by now
that there are enough people watching my
periscope that if any good suggestions
came out of it they would get to at
least the White House staff so any good
ideas we collectively come up with here
they actually get heard
believe it or not it's very consistently
you know you can track this over time
that the White House I would say one of
its best qualities that is completely
underrated completely underrated this
White House is really good at keeping
his ear to the ground you know reading
the room and feeling feeling social
medias pulse they're really good at it
so not only does the White House monitor
or what's said in the New York Times and
CNN and Fox News and everywhere else
they're monitoring all so you know I
would say influencers
you could pretty much guarantee that if
Mike's Hermitage or Jack pasaba
said something that was really useful on
social media like an idea or a way of
looking at something the White House
hears that they actually do watch they
watch the larger accounts that are
influential so what I'm going to say
next I want to promise you it's
guaranteed to reach the White House it's
guaranteed because they do they do such
a good job of watching for ideas and
here's the idea
the next thing the president should do
is be a call for specific solutions he
he should you should keep it simple and
say what's happening is terrible you
know we can't have it what happened to
George Floyd is terrible we can't have
it bring these solutions I'm gonna have
a committee you're gonna have a meeting
and have a roundtable we're gonna look
at the top five solutions now we're
gonna see what we can do maybe we can
try them in a few places if they need
federal funding in order to try them
such as let's say buying more body cams
or whatever we'll look into it
if the president says we're gonna move
to solutions now let's hear your
solutions let's talk about it he's
re-elected I'll put it in the most
cleanest terms you can put it in if the
president says I totally hear you
I've been on your side since I saw the
video no question about it
bring me solutions that's all I want to
talk about we can talk about how bad it
was we can talk about the tragedy but
understand we're all on the same side
there's nobody left to convince there's
nobody left to persuade we're in we're
in the action part this is the action
part tell me what you need to do now of
course part of the problem is that what
the protesters want is for the other
three policemen to be arrested and
charged wouldn't you say probably
nothing short of that is going to make a
difference to the heat of the moment
do the protestors really want them to be
arrested when there's no case that can
be made my assumption is that the reason
that the three officers are not arrested
yet could still happen because the feds
are there but if the reason that they're
not arrested yet is because there's no
case we kind of need to hear that and we
need to hear the the legal argument that
says look we don't think they're angels
we don't think they're innocent per se
but there's nothing there that would
allow us to convict them do does the
black public does black lives matter
want to convict three people on sketchy
evidence that would and that let me not
call it sketchy let's say that there
would be enough ambiguity with the other
three officers because you couldn't
exactly see what they were doing on
camera if one guy was just standing
there and wasn't paying attention and
other was holding the guy's legs it's
not entirely clear what they knew and
when so there's probably no case because
remember you need to get to beyond a
reasonable doubt can you tell me that
the guy holding the Georgia Floyd's feet
the guy holding his feet can you tell me
that without that with without a
reasonable doubt you think he was a
murder or were involved in something
that would be a crime with whatever word
you want to put on it you tell me
without a reasonable doubt that the guy
holding the feet committed a crime you
feel it right you might feel it it feels
like a crime maybe but I don't know how
you ever gonna get a conviction on the
foot guy I don't know you're gonna get a
conviction on the guy he was just
standing there watching the crowd he
literally wasn't even facing the action
as it was happening and people who were
under police custody do yellow about
their health routinely so they're kind
of used to hearing it I think
I don't know so I think Trump has one
play and it's to go as solutions if he
doesn't go as solutions I mean ideally
I'd like to see him come with one
specific solution and then ask for more
like a like a homerun play would look
like this look here's the deal I'm gonna
fund body cams for every freaking cop in
the country period nobody's gonna tell
me they don't have money for body cams
you're all getting body cams now body
cams doesn't solves the whole problem
right doesn't come close but it but it
would show action it would show it would
show clarity there'd be no doubt that
somebody wants to fix this because it's
real money real action and that he could
say look this is one thing we can do
give me some other things we can do like
actual practical things give us some
stuff if the president does that he wins
and I think he's got to make the same
case that I did that the protests have
been completely legitimate even with the
damage but now they're not because the
message is received the day the
president says the message is received
that's the day the protesters need to
stop message has been received protests
have to stop anyway if he pulls that off
it would be great but we do have to
wonder where he's been now if you're
gonna actually question the president's
strategy let me ask you this how is
hiding done for Joe Biden Joe Biden has
done well by hiding right Joe Biden's
poll numbers are probably better because
he's been invisible I'm not sure that
wouldn't be the same for Trump you might
find you might find that the less he
does in this situation might help him
because he's the law-and-order president
even if he's sort of invisible at the
moment and people are going to say to
themselves
alright I'm watching a riot on TV every
day who do you want to be President the
law and order a person or the non lower
order person alright here's my strategic
suggestion to the black community and
let me frame this again as I have before
if you're trying to persuade yourself or
people who are just like you in some
important way you would use one form of
persuasion which is sort of the the
language if you will the emotional state
if you will of the people you're
persuading but since the point is not
for black people to persuade other black
people that there's police brutality
that needs to be addressed
they're already on that they need to
persuade other people they need to
persuade white people and everybody else
so if you're gonna persuade other people
you need to know how to speak in their
language and I want to give and this and
by the way I'm being completely serious
here in case you think this is something
tongue-in-cheek thing this is not
completely serious strategy suggestion
and the strategy hinges on an
understanding of who you're trying to
persuade it understand this if you
protest tonight you're persuading in the
wrong direction okay every every protest
after last night is worse for the black
community period no matter if it was
organized with good intentions or not it
doesn't matter at this point it's just
all bad because it's gonna be producing
bad visuals of you know bad things so
here's my advice you want to use the
right tool for the job and when when
race relations were the worst let's say
during slavery and that'd be the worst
then the right tool for the job might be
a revolution the violence because it's a
big problem you gotta use the biggest
tool and
might be a revolution the civil war not
a revolution a civil war and you know
once you get past that and you still
have tons of inequality in your
civilization well then maybe it needs to
go to the court system and then civil
rights maybe you do some marching so the
civil rights movement was the next you
know less blunt instrument but it was
sort of appropriate for the size of the
problem I would say when we're talking
about institutional racism you need a
new tool the new tool is going to be the
hardest one it's the easiest one it's
the easiest one to do it's the hardest
one to understand all right so I'm gonna
give the black community a magic
persuasion gift the thing I'm going to
tell you next is so powerful that if you
were a Harry Potter fan it's virtually
like a spell not all persuasion is this
powerful some persuasion is weak some is
much stronger this persuasion that I'm
going to give you is so powerful and so
reliable it's practically like a magic
spell and it's one that white people
know and black people sometimes now but
I'm starting to think it could use a
little reminder and I don't know if it's
a cultural difference because I don't
have good visibility of what it's like
to be a you know a black man in America
I'm not going to pretend that I have
some sense of what that's like and vice
versa which is my whole point if you're
a black person in America do you know
what white people are thinking well you
think you do and the and the big stuff
but now really same as nobody else knows
what you're thinking not really you can
get the big stuff but not really you
know for the for the totality of it and
here's the tip now that I built it up
I'm going to give you the tip in the
form of a story because stories with
visuals are also
stories with visuals are also very
persuasive and here's the story there's
a shopkeeper in an urban place he's a
white guy doesn't matter who he is he's
a white guy and he's at his shop that's
been destroyed and he's there this
morning and he is trying to clean up the
rubble through his tears because he's
watched much of what he is built for his
whole life be destroyed while he watched
on TV black man walks up to him with the
broom and says can I help you you know
my name is whatever would you mind if I
help you clean up that's it that's the
magic spell would you mind if I help you
clean up shop owner says I can't afford
to pay you I'm broke black man says I'm
not asking for pay I'm asking if I can
help now if you don't understand
what just happened I guess that spell
will never be available to you but
reciprocity is a super power that works
on white people now I'm not gonna say it
doesn't work on other people I'm gonna
stick with my central claim that you can
know a little bit about the people you
are but we're we're just guessing about
other people I mean you can try as hard
as you can to listen to them understand
them have empathy but they just can't
know what it's like to be another person
if you're black you can't know what it's
like to be me not that you should but if
you like a magic power if you'd like a
magic spell that takes you that last
mile you do want something that's not as
big as a civil war because that's the
wrong tool
you want something that's not as big as
the entire civil rights movement because
that's not exactly the tool because the
corsa so it was pretty good right now
about making sure that we're treated
right at least legally you know wherever
we can catch it we try to fix it
but now you've got this so-called
institutional racism it's subtle and
persuade pervasive it's just sort of in
the fabric it's just sort of built into
us how do you get rid of bad patterns in
people's heads because racism bigotry
prejudice are patterns that we have in
our heads which are unproductive if you
have an unproductive pattern in your
head and that's the last mile remember
first mile civil war second model silver
rights core systems
sue sue the people were not you know not
being good people last mile this is the
last mile this is this is really
tinkering with the fabric if you want
the last mile to work reciprocity works
every time every time so let me go back
to the story young african-american man
shows up with a broom helps the shop
cleaner clean up introduces himself at
the end says keep in touch here's my
phone number
that's it ask for nothing asks for
nothing
walks away now if that shopkeeper ever
needs to hire somebody in the future
he needs to hire somebody who's he call
who is he call that's right he finds
that phone number of that one black guy
who showed up unasked and helped him
clean up his store it's five years later
he still has the phone number he still
calls him gives him the job
he calls him and the guy has a better
job early because a guy like that's
gonna get a job pretty quickly that guy
that showed up with the broom he
probably doesn't need a job probably
doesn't need one because the guy that
shows up with the broom he can get a job
probably already has one but now the
shopkeeper says you know all right
you're not available
maybe liar the next young black guy that
comes in here pay it back pay it forward
if there's one thing you can depend on
with your average khaki wearing cubicle
working low on Moen barbecuin white man
reciprocity works every time
I'll tell you the first time that I
learned this story it was crazy it was a
I was a GoSee 12 years old maybe maybe
11 or 12 years old and I used to shovel
snow from my neighbor who was not
directly a neighbor but I had to walk to
his house and he was a rich guy and I
think know why turns out there's some
there's some criminal enterprises in the
family but he was I didn't know that at
the time so here's an old guy who was
born in Greece and he was the nicest guy
ever he wasn't personally involved in a
crime but members of the family were and
my deal with him is that if it's known
overnight I would wake up before the Sun
came up and I would judge the snow with
my shovel and I would shovel the
driveway and he is his walk away all the
way around his house yeah that's had to
walk all the way around the house and
I'd shovel all that would be exhausting
then you know go to school and stuff and
he would sometimes offer to overpay me
he would offer to overpay me and I would
sometimes refuse because he was paying
me too much do you know how much that
guy loved me because I would refuse to
take all of his money a lot now I didn't
do it you know too
to get a some kind of an advantage I did
it because he actually was paying me so
much it was embarrassing like yeah as
even as a kid I was like that's a lot
you know and and he sat me down one time
so one day I refused his generosity
because it was just too much and he said
put down the shovel I remember I'm like
11 or 12 he's probably 70 he was put
down your shovel for a minute I'm like
oh no I'm in trouble and he sat down he
said I want to tell you something it's
like one of the most important things
you'll ever learn I'm like okay here it
comes
he goes when someone offers to give you
something it's because they want you to
have it it was one of the most important
things I ever learned he goes yeah if
somebody offers you something it's
because they want you to have it in
other words they're better off if he
take you do it for me and I listened to
it and I thought I'd never thought of it
that way that he's not doing me a favor
he's doing it because he wants to and
Who am I to not give him what he wants
he wants me to have this money he's
decided that I'm worth this amount of
money he wants it he's not gonna be
happy if I don't take it and I learned
that lesson and I can't tell you how
well that has served me through life to
just understand that if somebody offers
something they want you to have it now
you have to look you know in case
they're playing some kind of a scheme or
something but it's but it's quite often
the case and it was one of those lessons
I learned about reciprocity that because
I was sort of extra good to him he
couldn't turn it off he didn't know how
to be anything but extra good to me and
he needed it he needed it that's the
magic part I created just accidentally
by doing my job better than he expected
which is sort of my that's my it's my
strategy in life
if somebody says this is the job we want
you to do I'm always gonna try to do
better than that
because
it's just my strategy let me tell you
another one
I was in my 20s you know barely barely
making it financially and I was living
in an in-law apartment below the
landlord's home in San Francisco there
was a one bedroom one window we had a
little window just sort of a hovel yeah
but my landlord was this German guy
so he'd born in Germany but an American
and one day I had a bunch of trash
and I needed to get rid of it so I
called my landlord and I said I've
ordered a dumpster to come and the I'm
gonna fill it up with my stuff
but it won't fill it up so if you'd like
you know since the dumpster will be here
anyway if you'd like you could use the
rest of the doctor if you have anything
you want to throw away and I'll pay for
it made him crazy do you know why why
did it make my neighbor crazy that I
offer to let it use that no charge my
dumpster and he didn't mind the dumpster
company he was fighting with that but
when I offered to let him use it the
half of it there was gonna be empty for
free he went crazy do you know why
because I obligated it but right I
uploaded him he begged me to let him pay
for the whole dumpster he begged me he
said absolutely not I just just couldn't
live with it he could not live with me
giving him something because I had no
money and he had a lot I had no money
and he had a lot couldn't live with me
just giving him something that he wanted
he actually wanted it he insisted that
he paid for the entire dumpster for me
now because I had learned from my
neighbor that when somebody offers to do
something for you it's because they want
to
so I did put up resistance because you
know you make an offer you don't just
take it away right so I made my offer
I let him argue with me and then I said
you know okay because I believed he
actually wanted to do it and he did pay
for that is how the Harry Potter
reciprocity works on white people now
again it probably works just fine on
everybody because it's a universal
principle but when I say it works great
on white people I'm not saying only on
white people that would be racist I'm
saying that it's all I know that's all I
know
right I'm only going to talk about what
I know and if you want to influence my
Greek neighbor who's deceased if you
wanted to influence my old German
landlord now deceased I assume you want
to influence me
you ought to influence the shopkeeper
and you want to get rid of the last vile
the the institutional racism the part
the part that's just sort of baked into
the fabric of stuff and you don't even
know how to get it out it's like a stain
that's hard to remove if you want to get
rid of the stain reciprocity what we're
seeing tonight is the opposite of
reciprocity you're literally seeing
videos the black people beating the
out of white people who did whatever all
right that's the opposite of reciprocity
it's taking you backwards and I would
say that I would say that black people
in the United States have probably lost
ten years of progress this weekend
probably I think I think black Americans
lost ten years of progress and it's
because of this that the tool to fix it
was to recognize that we were all on the
same side and to offer something here's
the offer President Trump how can we be
successful together how can I help you
get reelected this is the extreme
example I'm not saying you should agree
with this one necessarily but do it too
demonstrate the technique president
Trump we're going to help you get
reelected here are some things we need
can we talk about these five things and
might them make things better what do
you think he'll say yes yes he's gonna
say yes if black lives matter is even a
little bit serious about fixing anything
versus having it as an issue if they're
even a little bit serious about fixing
it it's right there
the table is cleared the invitation is
on all the tools are in place all the
ears are listening all the eyes are
looking just give us something
give us something where we can help you
tell us how we can be useful do you know
why people like being useful it's true
again when I say white people like to be
useful
I'm not saying other people don't I'm
just sticking to what I know I'm not
going to speak for anybody else
I really can't even speak for white
people in general but I feel like I get
a little bit of you know sense of that
life if you know what I mean
somebody says they just want the issue
I'm sure some do but so just to make it
as clear as possible my patience for the
protesting ended last night from Monday
on is war it's just war if if you need
it to be war it's gonna be war but the
smart play would be to be productive so
compare if you will how Fox News treats
the fine people hoaxes compared to CNN
so CNN even you know even as recently as
yesterday was running the fine people
hoax they put it in the form of quoting
Susan Rice who quoted to find people
hoax but they don't fact-check it they
just run it like it's some kind of fact
I will I will tell you that I had a
tense exchange with Jake Tapper after I
blocked him and called him a liar in
public so he did contact me and we had
some back and forth on that extensively
and here's how he was the outcome that
the outcome of that is I will I withdraw
my accusation that Jake Tapper is a liar
on the topic of the fine people Oakes so
based on the conversation the exchange
it is clear he's not lying it's clear
that he's experiencing cognitive
dissonance that's pretty severe now he I
imagine you wouldn't like to hear that
either but that's how cognitive
dissonance works you're the only person
who doesn't know you have it so
cognitive dissonance is now something
you can discover in yourself it's just
something you can see in other people
that's unfortunately that's the nature
of it and here's how you can tell if you
so he and I had an exchange in which you
know he's a very reasonable you know the
guy very smart so it doesn't take long
to kind of climb down to which facts you
disagree on so guess which facts we
disagreed on on the factual level that
we disagreed on turns out none when when
we took it down to the fact level there
actually weren't any facts we disagreed
on isn't that weird there were no facts
we disagreed on we'll be surprised so
once we grilled the facts I said well
okay that was pretty clear the president
disavowed the racist he he talked to his
assumption that there were some people
there who were not racist or just there
about the statues and then here's the
key part and that I said but it doesn't
matter if he was right or wrong about
the composition of the crowd it's not
relevant because he stated his
assumption and that he spoke to the
assumption
if it turns out the crowd was a
different composition than he thought
there's no story there it just means
that he doesn't know something that
nobody else knows either because do you
know who else knows the composition of
the crowd as Sharla still nobody nobody
did a poll they were they were dressed
and except for the people marching with
tiki torches
nobody was dressed to show what their
opinion was they were just dressed in
normal clothing how can you tell what
their opinions were so my point was once
I said to Jake it doesn't matter what
the composition the crowd is he spoke to
his assumption and it was very clear
what do you think Jake's reaction to
that was well it was mostly talking
about how the crowd actually didn't have
any good good people in and then I would
say well that's irrelevant because he
stated his assumption and he talked to
it if you're saying he had an accurate
perception if it was in the crowd that
would be just like everybody else
because none of us know who is in the
crowd exactly and so there'd be no story
but the point is that the way you
identify cognitive dissonance if
somebody can't address a point they can
only address a different point so I kept
trying to get him to address the point
that the worst it could be is that he
was confused about who was there just
like everybody else and he wouldn't
adjust that point he would only say well
that's your opinion or there were bad
people there all right so what's that if
you can't address the point it's always
cognitive distance or somebody's lying
or they're misleading I would say that
there's nothing about him which suggests
they is lying
but his inability even even talked about
the topic which is they Trump talk to
his own assumptions and stated them
clearly so there's nothing there he
couldn't go there he couldn't even deal
with that point he would only deal with
other points no matter how many times I
continue to make the only one point that
matter now compare that to how Fox News
treats the hoax as recently as today all
right so it was in the context of some
other story they were just giving some
context and here's how Fox News and one
of their articles on their online
treated it said President Trump
quickly condemned white supremacists so
that's that's the first sentence from
Fox News about the fine people hoax the
president quickly condemned white
supremacists now you could argue quickly
because as I've said many times
everything good should happen sooner no
exception if it was a good thing to
condemn them you can't be quick enough
so you could argue about it quickly but
I don't think that's a big big point and
they said while noting that and not
everyone protesting the statue removal
was necessarily a neo-nazi or white
supremacist that's fair that's exactly
what he did he noted that not all the
protesters were there for because they
were neo-nazis or white supremacist and
that says however his comments were
widely misinterpreted and then it links
to Steve Cortes article describing how
it was misinterpreted as praising white
supremacist galvanizing antiphon
bolstering its momentum below so Fox
News reports this exactly right exactly
right they showed what he said about
white supremacists
they showed basically they showed the
whole context so now you go over to CNN
and I saw if you if you look at the
individual videos if you go on social
media you're gonna see lots of videos
especially if you have any kind of Trump
supporters as followers you can see lots
of videos of the protesters beating up
other people shopkeepers
protesters beating up some white guy who
was standing on the sidelines
shopkeepers pulling somebody out of a
truck
I'm sorry protesters pulling somebody
out of a truck so on social media I'm
getting this non-stop diet of protesters
being violent against people were not
protestors on CNN they've got this one
video of a cop beating up a black woman
and you can't tell if he was a resisting
arrest I mean he was punching her in the
face which I'm assuming was police abuse
but that was the one thing that CNN
decided to run while while the country
is on fire they looked at all these
videos of people behaving badly and the
one they picked out is the one that
would make make it worse it's the only
one the only one that would make the
violence worse was that one video
everything else would would be more of a
caution to say oh we've gone too far now
we've got a you know we got a slowdown
and be less violent they show the only
one that would make it worse amazingly
you're thinking of a different video in
in the comments there was a different
video of a black woman punching a white
cop and then a black cop punched the
black woman that's one video there's a
separate video on CNN of two cops
arresting a couple and I couldn't tell
their ethnicities of either the cops or
the couple because we're sort of
directing far away but then one of the
cops ends up punching the wife who was
resisting arrest so I'm not defending
the cop I'm just saying that that's the
one they pick amazing so a let singer
Lana Del Rey posted some video on
Instagram of looters so it was just
video that you're seeing everywhere of
looters what do you think happened when
Lana Del Rey posted just video of
looters looting just like everybody else
is posting turns out there was a big
backlash from her fans who thought that
she was showing this
cases of looters and that would get him
in trouble that's right she had to take
down her post because her post had the
faces of looters and those looters might
get in trouble and she took it down
there's no I don't have anything to say
about that
but there are a lot of fans who were
willing to say that they were supporting
looters destroying innocent people's
property which is shocking it's shocking
all right
that is the big news of the day now I
think we're all having the same weird
reaction to the coronavirus situation
that weren't we having some kind of a
pandemic problem or something that just
completely is out of the news in two
weeks we're gonna learn a lot about how
dangerous it is to have a lot of people
in one place so we should see either a
gigantic spike in covent cases or what
if we don't what if we don't because you
know a lot of the people protesting
we're young people and they're not
exactly the most at-risk what if we
don't because if we don't see anything
that looks like a big spike in kovat
cases I've got a feeling that at least
in terms of safety we're back how could
we fix this Scott well it depends what
you're fixing my suggestion for the
president is to say the protests are
over you made your point
bring me your suggestions I think if he
did that would be over tomorrow I don't
think he's gonna do it I don't know why
I mean we don't know why he's missing in
action if if I had to if I had to hazard
a gas of why the president is a little
bit low profile it's either a
combination of he doesn't want to make
it worse and I do think that's a risk
and that would be
not sure I would criticize that because
he just might think it would make it
worse and he might be right but the
other possibility is that there's
something brewing I don't think you can
rule that out and buy the something
brewing I mean something international
so don't be surprised if all the
coronavirus stuff plus the riots has
made at least one of our adversaries a
little adventurous in other words there
may be some foreign adversary that has
seen that they can take advantage of the
situation so it could be just putting
all the possibilities out there I'm not
predicting it I'm just saying one of the
things that I would look at for why the
president is a little quiet on this
situation might be there's something big
brewing we'll see who do what if they
had done something productive I don't
know who they is but if you mean the
protesters I would say that would be
naive because remember you have to look
at their from the energy standpoint
there's a certain amount of energy that
just needed to be released and you can
want it not to but it's still gonna be
released you're wanting it not to be
released won't help at all so I think it
just had to be released maybe this
weekend was enough we'll see civil
unrest brewing well it's the weirdest
civil unrest in the world because
everybody agrees what kind of silver
arrests do you have when everybody is on
the same side I mean really I don't
think you can call the looters or anti
fascist civil unrest black lives matter
was trying to be productive and I give
them credit for that but if they
continue the protest knowing that it
attracts anti-fog looters then then I
would say it's both stupid and I an
unproductive and they should their
credibility would be basically gone at
that point
yeah there's some notion that China's
trying to make it worse there's some
notion that Russia is trying to make it
worse poor SpaceX you know the Elon
Musk's tremendous success at NASA's you
know the country's success I guess I'm
so it's so so sad that that got
overshadowed by the bad events because
that could have been just amazing
I mean it was amazing all right that's
all I got going for now and I will talk
to you maybe tonight what is today
what's the date today
Oh today's the first I did promise you
that I was going to do the evening
podcasts the evening periscopes until
June 1st so I may not be here tonight
because I got to tell you that doing two
of these a day it is really really hard
not hard in terms of the content hard in
terms of what it does to my day because
I'm always getting ready for one and
then I go to sleep in them getting ready
for so I may take my leave tonight if
you don't see me on periscope tonight
it's because I decided to take the night
off if if events go bad tonight I might
be back on just because there's
something to talk about but I feel like
we made it to June first can we have a
little standing ovation for all of us to
get to June first I'll give you one
standing ovation you know because when
we were looking at this in February June
was a long ways wedding June was a long
ways away but ladies and gentlemen and
anything anything else you want to
designate yourself
it's June I think we beat the
coronavirus sure we've got this little
protest thing going on but that's not
gonna last forever
it's June and it's time to get the
country back to where it belongs
so I would expect a good summer and an
amazing end of the year I think this
business this ugliness is you know it's
gonna linger for a little while but
we're talking a week or two we're not
talking forever I think we made it I
think we made it at least in terms of
the coronavirus for those of you who are
getting super tense about the protests I
can almost guarantee that we're not
going to have them next week because the
energy will have you know filtered out
by them so you might have a few more
days of it it might be bad but I
wouldn't worry about it being the end of
civilization because we don't want that
not enough people want that so all the
applauses are catching up in the in the
comments so thank you for joining me in
that mutual round of applause I think we
made it I think we got there I think we
did it congratulations I will see you at
least tomorrow
I hope not tonight if I do means there's
trouble tonight let's hope not