for a
show let's check the uh stocks today oh
surprise everything except Tesla is
up Tesla's been having a tough week but
I'm pretty sure they'll be fine in the
long run which is the only thing you
should care about if you're looking at
stocks all right let me get my locals
comments going
here in a separate screen
there we
go good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better day but if
you'd like to take this experience up
Beyond even Super Bowl levels all you
need for that is a copper margar glass a
tanker cheler Stein a canteen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
of the dopamine h of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous Sip and it happens yeah
that's right right now
go
extraordinary so so good well did
anybody watch that thing called the
Super
Bowl I did I I was mostly working at the
same time in drawing but uh I was
entertained because I didn't care about
either
team I'll tell you one thing I I had
somewhat uh cheekily said that the
Kansas City chase would win because they
had the best story meaning that a repeat
especially when especially if Trump is
there you know he predicted they might
win Taylor Swift is there it definitely
seemed like the best story would be if
the Chiefs
won now I I made my
prediction having never watched either
the Kansas Chiefs or the Eagles play
even once in the entire season didn't
see either team even
once however having watched them playing
in the Super Bowl I'm pretty sure if I'd
watched either one of them play even
once
or if I'd watched the Eagles play I'm
pretty sure I would have picked them as
the winners it looked like it looked
like a professional team playing a high
school team it it didn't look like the
Kansas City Chiefs were physically even
big enough to be in the
field they all these tiny guys running
around being crushed by monsters it was
like Monsters crush tiny guys all day
long you barely look like a football
game anyway so yeah if I uh I I I think
it was about you know two plays into the
game I said to myself what am I
watching this doesn't look like it's
going to be close they don't look like
even the same
sport all right so here are the other
things that happened the uh Trump got
applauded when he showed up on the big
screen the Jumbotron or whatever it's
called but Taylor Swift she got mixed
reactions a little bit of booing and do
you think that president Trump was above
making fun of Taylor Swift for being
booed when he was
cheered no he's not above that that's
why we love him he's not above that at
all he comes right down to our level he
meets us where we're at that man could
read a
room not only could he read a stadium he
could read a room yeah no that was
entertaining thank
you um despite rumors to the contrary
the as far as I know there were no Doge
ads right I was all excited I thought
there'd be some Doge ads but but that
never made
sense you here's where your
understanding of the real world should
have told you there not going to be any
Doge ads and that is do you think that
they went to the last week before the
Super Bowl before they knew who who was
going to run what
commercial do you think they had a slot
that was open no they don't have a slot
that's open a week before the
Super Bowl that's not a thing but then I
said to myself but wait this is no
normal situation if the richest man in
the world working on the most important
project in the
world could find some way to you know
sneak in 15 seconds every now and then
maybe maybe you know if he offered
enough money but uh no that never made
sense it it wouldn't have made sense to
put a political thing uh into a the one
thing that was trying to be
bipartisan um I will give we'll talk
about that but it wasn't the right place
it wasn't the right place at all so I I
hope it was never even entertained
because it just wasn't the right
place
um so let's see
uh as you know the stadium took down
their end
racism um lettering in the end zone and
I said to myself H is that because
they're reading the room and or is it
because they know Trump is coming I'm
not sure when Trump decided he was
coming by the way the first president to
ever go there even David
Axelrod the uh high-end famous Democrat
advisor guy said that I'll paraphrase
but he basically said Biden was pathetic
for not going to the Super Bowl when he
was invited and of course Trump went cuz
of course it was the right decision you
know which is not political by the way
the president is everybody's president
so this is the one time a president can
go somewhere and you can legitimately
say yeah I mean yeah it's good for his
reputation and his brand and stuff but
it's not overly political it's just I
like football so how about that we just
like football
um so they took down the end racism
thing but here's here's something I
speculate if you watch the pre-show the
the leadup that included Lady Gaga and
Tom Brady and I guess Michael stran and
um and then there was Brad Pit who
opened it up with this long monologue
about coming together as a
country I said to myself
hm at least the Brad Pit par looks a
little tacked on like tacked in the
front and I said to myself are they
trying to flag it up because they had
several big images of American flags and
Brad Pit his only reason and he had an
extended piece to to kick things off and
it was um first of all a white
man which is interesting which is
relevant to what I'm going to talk about
and and he just kept saying he let's
come together this is just you know
bring the country together America
America America and I asked myself would
they have done that just the way they
did it with just the messenger they had
would they have done that if Trump had
not
won and I think they wouldn't have I
think they would have left the end
racism sign in the end zone and I think
they would have said we'll just run the
show the way we're going to now when you
get into the little bit of the meat of
the show and I think was it the halftime
um we had an all black marching band who
were excellent by the way very good um
and I think it was from a historically
black college so it made sense that
they're all black and I think there was
an all black
chorus and I think there were a set of
all black
dancers and of course the Super Bowl is
sort of the one place where you go and
everybody who was there agrees black
people did really well in
sports it's like the one thing we're all
on the same page about nobody's debating
this Black America you did really really
well you've had a president you know
you've got wasn't it two black uh
quarterbacks I mean you couldn't do a
better job of presenting Excellence than
just what's already there it didn't need
any extra you could just exist and it's
like Excellence Excellence Excellence
all over the
place so it did seem to me that maybe
they were trying to
soften what they may have recognized as
being little over the top and then there
was one commercial I forget who it was
where there's a a young black girl who
beats up a bunch of white guys were
threatening her and it's just like so
stereotypical
2024 2024 I'm using as an example of the
distant past when everything was
different oh that's so that's so
2024 how about how about a commercial
where everybody's just getting along how
about that but let me say this um I
don't want to
criticize the folks who put on the show
or the NFL because I think that there
was
absolutely the signs of intention that
they were trying to push a unifying
message did did all of you feel it I I
feel like you know that there was a
little bit of mixed messages there
but clearly the intention was to try to
serve the entire public so that's what I
felt so I I think I think I'm just going
to uh I'm going to side with the the
positive part of it which was it was was
the most American thing I've ever seen
in my life that was so so American I
loved it I I loved the
vibe so but you know
um then let's see uh then the black
national anthem was played you knew that
was going to be
controversial uh again it's too
much you know the the black national
anthem for what purpose do you need to
throw that in there like I said the the
entire event
is showcasing black Excellence you just
have to just watch the
game you couldn't see more black
excellence in one place no matter how
hard you tried I mean amazing in every
level you know so yeah maybe that was
just more than you needed may actually
work against might actually work against
the
interests um so then uh Kendrick Lamar
was the the
halftime and uh I guess he was dissing
Drake I had to look into it because I
don't follow music and uh I guess
they've been having this long
longterm longterm disagreement and uh
Kendrick Lamar I guess he thinks that
Drake is you know too commercial and you
know too synthetic something like that
you know that he's not genuine and and
he I I think he also thinks he's not
talented so they've had quite a quite a
back and forth and I guess he even
mocked him in the halftime said some
some things that I won't repeat some
allegations but I've never been a
Kendrick Lamar fan but only because I'm
not really haven't listened to it but uh
there there's only one thing I
absolutely hate and music two things two
things uh but one of them is Drake
Drake to me never sounded like music he
sounded like somebody who was just put
out by the fact that somebody wanted him
to sing and now I'm singing I guess I
have to because I'll make some
money but I don't have any talent and I
I just am talking in a way and I it it's
it's the only thing except Nickelback
so the two things I wouldn't allow in my
car stereo when the when I had young
step kids they'd want to crank it up and
listen to music which generally I was
fine with no matter who it was but there
were only two there were only two that I
would say no I have just this rule no
Nickelback no Drake everything else is
okay everything else so I like Kendrick
Lamar just because he doesn't like Drake
so we so we found Unity on that so
Kendrick good
job and then I wondered how hard it was
if you were the
organizers because presumably they have
to line up their talent pretty far in
advance you know if you're going to be
the halftime show I don't know when they
announce it but it's months in advance
right and then I'm looking at the Diddy
situation and you're watching all these
famous artists who are one by one you
know getting the The Scarlet Letter put
on them the Scarlet D for Diddy and I'm
thinking to myself how hard was it to
get the right kind of
Entertainer who hasn't been to a diddy
party that must have been really hard
and the whole time they had to be
worried it's like Kendrick don't
surprise
us so I guess Kendrick did
okay and anyway the uh the best uh the
best post on X about the Super
Bowl is from user Tech operator who
posted this the real Super Bowl is
happening in Washington DC right now
it's the Patriots versus the
Steelers the Patriots versus the
Steelers in Washington DC right now all
right that's pretty good that's pretty
good I'll give you the a for that
all right here's a message I woke up to
and it might change your life and then
we'll get into all the fun politics um I
saw a post from somebody called on the
lucky on
X and it was sort of speaking to me
indirectly yeah here's here's the other
funniest
post um from Zero Hedge I think somebody
else said this first and the quote is uh
was us a funding the Chiefs
too if you like sports and politics
that's pretty
funny usaid was funding the chiefs no it
wasn't as far as we
know anyway so here's the message from
on the lucky today uh on the lucky says
over Christmas I watched your book
reframe your brain that's my book
reframe your brain my newest one and uh
uh watched my book uh right before my uh
watched it work right before my eyes in
27 seconds so here's the story he says
for decades when I was idle my brain
would always run negative highlight
reels negative highlight reals the
moment I read the past is imaginary
that's one of my reframes in the book
the past is imaginary is sunk into my
brain like new firmware I stopped
creating it after that moment meaning
negative highlight reels he stopped them
I told this story in front of a a friend
who had depression
issues I saw your words reprogram her in
real time she started crying she hugged
me and then ordered reframe your brain
and had it filled everything and still
went big one of my other books her life
is permanently changed as is mine thank
you
now when I when I wrote the book it was
for this it was exactly specifically for
this now the book is not about this one
reframe that the past doesn't exist and
there's more to it but the idea is if
you're obsessing about the past you're
obsessing about something that literally
doesn't exist you can't grab a handful
of it um and in quantum physics it's not
even clear that the past ever existed
it might all be just imaginary of course
that's more that's more simulation
Theory we won't get into that but uh
it's full of uh in case you think you
could get some benefit it might be that
reframe or different ones but remember
these are written by me and I'm a
trained
hypnotist so as a hypnotist I could know
in advance for sure that some people who
read it and it won't be everybody and it
won't be every reframe that hits you you
know you'll you'll all respond to
different things in different ways but I
could know for sure if it reached enough
people some people would just have their
brains instantly rewired with one
sentence that's a real thing so maybe
two lives that have been permanently
changed and by the way I get this kind
of message all the time this one was
especially well written and had you know
two people involved so it was worth
reading but this is a very common
experience for people who read the book
I hope helps you too meanwhile Chevron
the Big Oil Company is going to leave
California Chevron was the biggest
company in my
neighborhood right in my
neighborhood I used to work right across
the street from it in the big uh Pacific
Bell
headquarters
and uh one day I met another Scott Adams
who worked at
Chevron and uh I apparently I was making
his life a little difficult cuz I had
already launched Dilbert and people the
big companies were looking for if they
had a Scott Adams in their company and
shov Chevron had a guy named Scott Adams
he stopped by one day and showed me his
business card now he's
black but still I think he might have
been getting a little heat are you the
Scott
Adams but he wasn't so uh and the reason
is no surprise they're going to move to
Texas because California is very
unfriendly to oil companies so so my
entire county is going to
lose maybe the biggest
employer maybe the biggest dollar you
know
company and why because we're poorly
managed we're poorly managed and Texas
is well-managed so once again California
loses one of its
you know Diamond
assets to poor management and it was
completely
avoidable my God I'll tell you I think
uh Trump should say he's going to make
California a state like Canada oh wait
California is a state that didn't help
at
all well the Wall Street Journal is
calling BS on some of the Panama Canal
claims from the Trump Administration
I think Trump says 35,000 Americans died
building it but it was more like 350 uh
there were tens of thousands of people
who died but most of them either before
America got involved and the rest were
non-americans sadly I mean it's a
tragedy that that many people died no
matter who they are but uh they were not
Americans they were from other
countries and uh apparently they're
effectively no Chinese people working on
the
canal so I thought China was somehow
taking control of the canal but
according to the Wall Street Journal no
there's nobody Chinese working at the
canal and that the people who do work in
the Cal are 99%
Panamanian and that when
uh let's see and that when uh Panama
agreed to drop their uh
to stop their what was it the belt and
Road initiative with
China maybe there was never any belt and
Road initiative with
China there might not have been any belt
and Road initiative at all or maybe it
was just something they talked about in
the future but there wasn't anything
really much to
drop um however the Wall Street Journal
acknowledges that Trump may be you know
negotiating for better prices or
priorities and stuff and I think that's
true
I think he's negotiating and
successfully well you're all aware of
the story about the uh judge that
decided that the Doge project can't have
access to the computer systems because
they're not civil
servants now do you think uh do you
think that judge is oh legit well
apparently there was some very clever
judge shopping before they got this
judge to do this meaning that the people
involved knew I don't know the whole
story but it's like they knew that on a
Friday night who would be working and
you know they waited for that exact time
and so they they had a good chance of
getting this judge or or 100% chance I
think and it's somebody that you could
sort of reliably count on to do the
sketchy thing that's what they say these
are the allegations I don't know this
judge personally
and uh I saw Mike covich's opinion on
the judge's ruling and he said it was a
bunch of generic boiler plate and didn't
have any legal opinion in it basically
it was just empty now I think all it
does is delay it for a week do I have
that right I don't think it's a
permanent forever ban or something about
a week so there's some other details
that might matter to this story uh but
Elon Musk has suggested that the judge
should be
impeached and maybe that's true but that
sounds like negotiating too I think it's
pretty rare for a judge to be impeached
and usually there has to be some obvious
crime involved as opposed to a bad
ruling that I think uh and the Congress
would have to do it and of course it'd
have to be something like 2/3 and that's
never going to happen and so it's not
really practical there won't be any
judge impeaching but here's what I love
about
Doge doge is Absol absolutely surfacing
all the corrupt
people now I didn't know anything about
this judge before this ruling but I know
a lot about the judge
now aren't you glad you know more about
this
judge I'm glad I know more about this
judge and you can see all the
complainers the ones who clearly were
you know getting funding from us Aid it
it is so useful we we can map the entire
network of crooked people now because
they're the ones complaining other
people don't even know what usaid was or
you know almost nobody even understands
what it
is all right um according to Elon Musk
and the Gateway pundit Jim hoft is
reporting this uh he he said that
there's a 100 billion in annual
entitlement payments to people who don't
have social security numbers or IDs
and he was warned by the people who who
are you know the actual government
employees that they're guessing that
maybe half of it could be fraudulent $50
billion doll a year going to people who
don't deserve it just
fraud
unbelievable
um and and and I I just can't get over
this you know I already talked about
this but I can't get it out of my head
that the social security system uh was
set up to with no mechanism for checking
if more if one person or more than one
person had the same social security
number which would be an obvious
indication of
fraud now how in the world how in the
world do you build a social security
database and not check for duplicates as
the most basic thing it would
do it it it completely boggles the Mind
unless unless it was designed for
cheating it wasn't designed to stop it
that's for sure and then when you hear
that the process is that the treasury
Department will just process anything
they ask to process they don't check
anything and again I say who would
invent that
process that the people who authorize
the money don't check anything
anything you would only have that system
if it was
designed to
cheat
so design is
Destiny anyway uh here's another great
story today James Carville who's just
having a real tough time being a a
Democrat who's not an idiot because he
really thinks he's surrounded by idiots
at this point and he's pretty outspoken
about it but here's the fun part um
according to Fox News Hannah penri he uh
he was on some show and he wondered
aloud if there might be a
plant you know somebody who's from the
other team who's planted in the
Progressive wing of the Democrat Party
to see how many stupid things they can
Embrace here's his actual quote he goes
and it's like let's see if I can do a
James
Carville let's
see uh I'm trying to find this find the
right
Zone wow raing C all right something
like that and it's like there there's a
there's a plant somewhere in the quote
Progressive unquote uh America uh that
just uh that just to sees how many how
many jackassery uh stupid things that
they can embrace it's stunningly stupid
both of
them that's what
said now what does that remind you of
that the Democrats are so dumb according
to a Democrat according to a Democrat
they're so dumb that the only way you
could explain it is if there's some kind
of a plant an agent that got in there
just to make them say dumb stuff does
that sound like something you've heard
before if you were around during the
2016 election and you heard me often it
was like a running gag for the entire
election I kept saying they must have a
mole a
plant a mole and we even gave the mole a
name we called we called the mole the
mole so so whenever I'd see something
that was just like monumentally stupid
coming out of the Democrats I I would uh
Tweet back then when it was Twitter I
would tweet the mole and everybody who
followed me instantly knew what I was
talking about and you didn't need to
have any other comment because whatever
the Democrats were doing was so stupid
it usually was a slogan that was
terrible or some persuasion trick that
was the worst thing you've ever seen and
uh the mole has now become the
plant now talk about
Unity James Carville and I complete
agreement it does look like there's a
mole so finally unit
well Corey Booker famous
Democrat um he says according to daily
color news Foundation is reporting on
this uh he was asked on
CNN what he thinks about the Democrats
plans going forward and he thinks the
Democrats have a good plan and it's
going to
work and it is
working
so yes is Corey Booker the
mole he thinks that what they're doing
is working pretty
well how could that be a real
opinion in what world could you say that
out loud in public
today Trump just reached his all-time
highest
popularity he's completely dissembled
the Democrat Party the fake news is in
shambles and getting worse then Corey
Booker says we're killing it just keep
doing what we're
doing now come on James Carville are you
with me are you with me on this
James that doesn't look like a real
opinion it looks like a practical joke
from the
bowl the mole strikes again anyway as
far as I can tell what the Democrat plan
is is they're going to use corrupt
judges and prosecutors and lots of law
and crank up the
propaganda I I love that they think
generic stuff works you know Trump's
over there saying I'm going to cancel
the penny and bring back plastic straws
and everybody's like
yes yes I know what a penny
is uh they're dirty I don't like to
touch them pain in the ass uh plastic
straws I'm so happy my mouth is having a
party just thinking about it yes plastic
straws and pennies
and then the Democrats are like well the
the democracy is at risk and uh there's
a lot of chaos uh seems to be some chaos
and some lawlessness and maybe some
bureaucracy at risk uh and none of it
has any connection like none of it
sticks to your brain except maybe you
can memorize the words and regurgitate
them to sound smart your next cocktail
party well I've decided to start a new
business
um you know I always wanted to get
deeper into the news business so I think
I could use this podcast and leverage it
into maybe my own network but I want to
I want to take the best practices from
some other networks and uh kind of build
something around that and uh I noted
that MSNBC in particular but CNN
also um the way they present the news is
with disgusted faces
so it's like regular news except
disgusted because you can't believe
anybody's going to do it so let me give
you an example here is the old boring
way to read the
news Well president Trump signed an
executive order to uh get rid of the
penny the penny will no longer be used
uh it's just annoying and gets in
people's way so that would be normal
news nobody cares right now here's
disgusted news it's the same story but
you act like you're
disgusted by the white men behind
it here's another
one
whoow look at my little eyebrow furls
can you see these These are
furled so white man Elon Musk and white
man Donald
Trump decided to kill the brown Penny oh
it's uh it's hard not to see the pattern
people I don't know if they were doing
the Nazi H Hitler salute when they wrote
the executive order but I assume so I'm
so disgusted with them
oh in our next
story The bringing back the
straw the plastic
because they hate Turtles
and people of
color I mean I just assume if you hate
Turtles cu the turtles are going to die
from the plastic
straws white men white
men hetero white men so that would be my
whole show and yes the penny is going
away Scott Jennings is killing it on CNN
as the you know one of the few voices of
wisdom but he's got a new attack that is
so good like let's call this a
reframe and Scott Jennings attack is
that one of the things that Trump is
brilliantly doing is he's taking the
side of 80% of the public whenever
there's an 8020
question how about those straws 8020 I'm
just guessing but I think people like
their plastic straws um so he just keeps
doing all these things like um the trans
Sports thing uh so he's doing all these
things that the public is way in favor
of and it forces as Scott Jennings says
it forces the Democrats to take the
other side which is why even Carville
says it it looks like
they're it looks like there's some kind
of plant like why would you take the
other side of Common Sense every time
it' be it be you know bad enough if you
did it even once ever but apparently
Trump can make you do it three times a
week and you're just looking like this
is a practical joke you couldn't
possibly have these opinions so at the
moment the entire Democratic party is
organized to keep fraud and
Corruption I'm not making that up
they're they entire the entire
motivating Drive of the democratic party
the most important thing they're
concerned with is
maintaining
corruption now James Carville come on
over here uh James does that sound like
something real or does it sound like a
practical joke played by the
mole it sounds like the mole it couldn't
possibly be real but yes it is not only
is it real but it activated them to you
know on the
streets and I don't know if you saw it
but Maxine Waters and uh Charles Schumer
they were they were just whipping up the
crowd into a
frenzy
fight
fight
fight fight
hard would never rest would never
rest rest and then they took a nap
anyway I guess Trump is going to have a
presence on Rumble now and Rumble who is
also now operating in Brazil had right
around the same time as USA went away
suddenly Brazil is getting a little
flexible about
Rumble uh Mike Benz made that
observation and uh according to Elon
Musk the Department of Education is
already
gone so I assume that means that Trump
has ruled that uh you know there's no
point in it and it will be
dismantled now here's what we know the
Department of Education is operated for
30 years apparently it was some kind of
payoff that Jimmy Carter did to get the
teachers union or something on his side
and its goal was to help the people at
the lowest end of the education system
the ones who w thriving to to try to get
them up to a level that they could be
you know more successful in life it did
none of that it succeeded not even a
little bit in 30 years
so how popular would it be to get rid of
a thing that hasn't worked once in 30
years I'm just going to guess probably
80% of the public would like getting rid
of that if I told you something was a
big expense but didn't work I think you
could get 80% of the people say yeah
let's get rid of that 45 years somebody
says 45
years so uh What Will trump do let's see
80% would want to get rid of a thing
that cost a lot of money but did
literally
nothing uh huh I think you'll be in
favor of that yes yes sure enough Trump
took the 80 side 80% side what will the
Democrats do well they'll
probably Circle the department of
education and and uh started singing uh
their their their song you know the song
fine fine we will never
rest and uh that should
help meanwhile Trump is getting ready to
put some new tariffs on steel and
aluminum and China's going to impose a
15% tariff on US Energy and vehicles and
they're going to tariff us and we're
going to tariff them back and it's going
to be terrible tariffs and it's going to
be tariffing and tariffing and then
they'll be negotiating and then maybe
something good will happen we shall find
out but the the tariffs there's not much
to talk about until you get a few levels
into the conversation and the
negotiations so just the announcements
aren't too interesting yet but it'll get
interesting all right it looked like I
saw a video I think Trump was probably
on Air Force One he looked like he was
behind that little desk they have on Air
Force One and he was taking questions
from the press that was also on the
plane and he guess
one so he I'll just read the the
question and how it went you know the
exact way so uh one of the reporters
says uh the vice president suggested
that if the Supreme Court rules in a way
that you don't like they can just
enforce it by themselves do you agree
agree with that and Trump looks at the
reporter and
says uh I don't even know what you're
talking about he says uh neither do you
who are you
with I don't know what you're talking
about neither do you who are you with
and the answer is Huff poost
sir and Trump says who and and the and
the answerers again Huffington Post and
Trump goes ah no no wonder he goes I
thought they were I thought they died
they're still around I haven't read them
in years I thought they died and then he
then he goes next question he goes to
the next
[Laughter]
person he just he just goes to the next
person remember I've been telling you
that uh what you should do is not answer
the question you should mock the
question right
do you want to say the master class this
is the master class so Trump heard a
question that was yeah it sounded like I
don't even know I don't even understand
the question totally because it doesn't
quite make sense to me but it sounds a
little bit like um you know do you still
beat your spouse it was just sort of a
question to get a quote that could be
used out of context that's what it
looked like I think Trump smelled it
from the way the question was formed oh
this is just to get me an a context to
make me sound like a monster in some way
so he just goes right after the question
the qu question doesn't make sense I
don't think you know what it means
either who are you with and then he just
ignores he ignores the
reporter now the funny thing is do you
remember was it was it the
Pentagon or was
it the Press briefing room I forget
which one it was but um when they had
announced what New Media entities would
be allowed and which ones would be kind
of
suppressed um it was things like you
know breit Bard and oan were going to be
you know getting new life and new access
um relative to Democrat Rule and B bof
post was on the list and do you remember
I called that out and said wait a minute
I understand why a bunch of you know
Republican boosting
press would be included because they've
been excluded in the past but why would
you
specifically allow the huffing and post
it and I thought well you know maybe
they're just trying to show that it's
more about who's been banned than it is
about you know left or right and then I
see the way Trump treats it and I think
maybe they were in there for the
joke maybe the Huffington Post was only
included because it would be funny
now I'm not saying that's true I'm not
saying it's true but it looks like it
could be which is funny
enough anyway the Wall Street journals
talking about the forign
aid and uh you showed that you know what
the 4 and a is going to you know the
various the various good causes now I
was so mad I couldn't finish the article
but I'm pretty sure it never mentioned
the theory
that all of the choices for where that
Aid goes are not based on where it would
help the most but it was based on where
we want to control the country
involved now if you write a story about
this whole thing about foreign aid and
USA and you do not
include at least the theory even if you
say it's not true but if you don't
include the theory that is the dominant
theory of the leading Republicans that
usaid was really a way to um control
other countries and set up coups and do
capacity
building even if you say it's not true
it is the dominant opinion of
Representatives of half the
country how do you leave that out of the
story and can you trust them on any
other story in the future that's why you
have to ask yourself because again if
they spend a few minutes saying okay you
know there's this other Theory but we
debunk it or we don't believe it or you
know maybe we'll talk about it later or
something at least acknowledge there's
another side to
this isn't that a little
suspicious it's a little
suspicious all
right so representative Anna Pina
Luna says she's got a big press
conference tomorrow at 300 p.m. eastern
time and and uh she's not saying what it
is but she says it's big it's going to
be big and she's going to be joined by
uh chairman James
comr of uh the GOP oversight now comr
is maybe that's a pretty good hint to
what's to come it feels like
as something to do with money going the
wrong place I don't know what money but
it probably has something to do with
some 's money going in the wrong place
and probably somebody being a corrupt
criminal so I love the tease on this I'm
all curious now if I had to guess it
won't be nearly as exciting as we think
it will
be but I love I love the buildup it's
good it's good
theater um here's a story that I'm going
to tell you only because I'm going to
tell you it does not look credible okay
so I wouldn't mention this except I'm
worried that some of you will believe it
otherwise it would be too icky to even
mention and it would be unfair to
mention but there's a story on at least
the internet that Governor Josh Shapiro
he's a Democrat um Pennsylvania that he
was somehow involved in planning the
assassination attempt in Butler and
there's allegedly some former
Pennsylvania State Police employee who's
a
whistleblower who claims can make that
case
now what do I always tell you about the
one whistleblower stories that are
damning to one side or the other
side you cannot believe a one
whistleblower
story you just you just have to as much
as you want to or as you know
entertaining as it might be you you just
have to have a standard about that the
one whistleblower is how pretty much all
the starts oh I I heard the
president say in front of a general that
soldiers are suckers and losers really
like anybody would say that in front of
a
general it's so obviously not true and
yet you got that one whistleblower you
know one one person said they saw it I
got that one anonymous source so
whistleblower is a little better than
anonymous
source but until you've got something
else yeah and and at this point the
Whistleblower is also
Anonymous I don't believe this one so so
I would put this in
the what are the
odds the odds of this being true are
really really low so just keep that in
mind all right
um so apparently CNN is reporting that
some of the top military leaders are
getting together to figure out how to
not obey orders from the president or
from Secretary of Defense if they don't
agree with the
orders
now uh that's the way the story is being
you know framed that it's stuff they
don't agree with but wouldn't it be
things they think are
illegal that they do have the right to
disobey an illegal order is that
right I want to make sure that's a real
thing and not just something I imagined
the
military is completely within the right
are they not to disobey an illegal order
so let's say the order was go murder
that Village of of U civilians just to
make a
point they could refuse that order
couldn't
they um so I suppose if you ask them
they would just say no no we're only
talking about if there's an illegal
order we want to know how we'd handle it
so I don't know how to interpret this
yes yet but if it's purely political as
in we just don't want the president to
succeed so we're trying to figure out
how to slow him
down that's not
cool and If This Were you know shown to
be true I would imagine Trump and heg
Seth would just make sure all those
generals got different
assignments which might happen
anyway so we'll see but I'm going to I
think I'll give the military the benefit
of a
doubt they earned it right we we respect
the military so I'm going to give them
the benefit of a doubt in this story
until something proves otherwise that
they're just making sure they don't do
any illegal orders let's give them the
benefit of a
doubt all right you heard the story
about the LA fire recoveries are the
Steve sober
off um so there's a story that he once
uh said some mean things about Trump
supporters or said they were too white I
don't know does that mean depends
depends what the context was saying
they're too white and breit Bart's
writing about this and uh apparently he
was going to get half a million dollars
for three months of
advising but when you when you hear that
you say oh no it's another scam which is
my first thought now his defense is that
when he agreed to take the assignment he
said okay I've been helping the city in
a bunch of ways you know I've got a long
history of advising for free but when I
was doing it for free it wasn't going to
take my full time and I've you know I
have real work to do so apparently he
said um this is different if I'm going
to be full-time for three months on this
some compensation would be appropriate
but I won't do it if that money comes
out of the Fire
Relief so allegedly there was some
charity that stepped in and said I will
pay you and then when that became
problematic because people complained he
was getting paid uh then apparently he
said all right they'll do it for free so
this is one of those stories where it's
hard to parse out exactly what's true
but I think it's worth seeing his
side I I think you should hear his side
of it which is he said absolutely not if
money is coming from the Fire Relief
some charity said they'd pay him he said
yes when it became a problem he said
okay then I'll do it for
free again I think there's some room for
some you know um just give them the
benefit of a doubt
now the thing that I worry about in one
of these situations is that it's a way
to funnel the relief money to
cronies and then maybe there's some way
that somebody gets a piece of it later
so I'm not worried about him getting
paid or not getting paid to me that
wasn't the biggest problem the biggest
problem is did did the mayor bass pick
somebody who would make sure that the
right job got
done and since he hasn't done the job
and we haven't seen where the money is
allocated yet let's let's be openmed to
that but man if we don't have somebody
watching where where the money is going
and if some of it goes to cronies that
would be the most predictable thing that
could happen so we should be watching
for
that well Trump says he's not happy he's
losing patience with the slow release of
the Hamas Hospital es they are being
released but I guess slower than
schedule and saying that you're losing
patience is again good negotiating he
didn't say something he would do he just
opens up this possibility that as much
as they want the hostages to come back
if we're getting
played you know that's there's going to
be a change in attitude and that
attitude could be a change in action so
it's good to to uh it's it's good to set
that standard yeah this isn't working
you guys need to do your if you don't do
your end you can't guarantee we'll do
our end I like that Netanyahu is all in
on Trump's idea of the US or at least
the idea of it of the US taking some
control of the Gaza area which solves
the problem of Israel taking control so
it doesn't look like Israel gained
territory because it would be owned by
America under this
plan and Netanyahu says that uh I guess
he was on uh Mark Levin Show and he said
it's the first fresh idea in years and
everything that everybody else has
talked about would just recreate the
problem Oh destroy Gaza rebuild it put
the surviving people back in it they
recreate the problem fast forward 10
years destroy Gaza so nobody had any
idea but Netanyahu quite um quite right
I would say agreeing that Trump shaking
the box that hard and coming up with the
first fresh idea is at least causing
people to think differently maybe Egypt
will act differently maybe something
will happen but here's my take on
this what kind of strategy could
possibly
work when the problem is how the people
the people have been
programmed they've been I'll say
brainwashed for a a
deadly
philosophy now I heard somebody say oh
well you know maybe you have to do
something with the adult
males but couldn't you rebuild and let
the women and the who have you know
really small children you know they're
not bothering anybody so how about let
them at least resettle somewhere that
would work what do you think those women
are going to teach their children and
aren't they ever going to meet their
uncle and won't they have access to the
internet so in
theory there is no way to
deprogram these people and they're going
to have the China problem the reason
that the China um what would you call it
quarantines the
Wagers in something that we call a
prison camp and they say is re-education
I guess but in either event they they
keep them separate from the regular
public almost like a virus so the way
they treated the the flu or the co was
basically the same way they're treating
the Wagers so one is a physical virus
and the other is a mental one it and it
could spread because if they teach other
people the same philosophy then China
has a Islam problem that they don't want
to have so I'm not I'm not saying what's
right or wrong or what's moral or
ethical um I'm just saying what's what
so China treats Islam like a
virus and how long will they keep the
weager camps probably until there's no
wegers because there is no way there's
nothing to do if you let the virus out
now I hate to call one religion a virus
but it's not religion it's not Islam
it's this very specific of it in this
one mostly one region more than any
place else so you can't say it's Islam's
the problem you can say you know this
brand of it
is so what can Israel
do to solve the same problem that the
people carry the the the mental
structure in their heads that is the
danger to you in the future you can't
brainwash them cuz that would be like a
War crime I mean I think it would look
like a war crime um you can't threaten
them because again you know it's like
women and children what are you going to
do you can't kill them all that would be
genocide War crime worst thing you could
do so and you can't keep them in a
prison camp because it would become a
permanent scar on
Israel so all the things that are
possible to
do won't work and even Trump's plan
doesn't have any chance of working you
know that right it it might be a better
step forward than anything they're doing
probably is but it's not a plan that
could work because you still have all
the
people where are those people going to
go while it's being rebuilt and what
percentage of them are going to be let
back in even if it's 10 years from now
if they let the same people back in
10 years from now it will just recreate
the problem if you think that they could
do vetting and they could find out who's
not you know who's uh not an extremist I
don't think you could do that in a real
world how in the world could you stop
the bad guys from coming in behind the
good guys and then co-opting the good
guys just the way the bad guys did every
time what possible mechanism could stop
it
so here's what might be the only thing
they can
do to say that they've got a long-term
solution and then just keep putting it
off I don't think there's any other
plan you you pretend you have a solution
and maybe you are in fact cleaning up
Gaza and maybe you are in fact building
new structures but the part about moving
the Gaza residents back in I feel like
that's should going to just keep getting
put off
and I think they're going to treat it
like a quarantine they just won't call
it that and they'll keep saying yeah any
day now we're going to be moving you
back into this other thing
but if you want to go to another country
we'll let
you but if they go to another country
aren't they just going to
reconstitute they'll just be in another
country so yeah I don't see any solution
honestly but except for
indefinitely pushing it Forward kicking
the can down the road might be the best
thing they can do there's um Canadian
Union of public employees according to
True
North uh that thinks that uh Canada
should nationalize any important
industries that might want to leave
Canada for the United
States so nationalizing important
industries like Venezuela did
like the Soviet Union
did like North Korea
does that's coming out of
Canada I'll tell you what the hell
happened to
Canada anyway um here's another story
that I take with a grain of salt so the
daily wire Ryan sedra is reporting that
the uh Iran
may have placed some terrorists in place
in the US with surfaced air missiles to
take down Trump's
plane now this reporting is coming from
a book so there's a new upcoming book
called Revenge the inside story of
Trump's return to power and it's written
by a political reporter ding ding
dingding Politico huh have they been in
news lately yes for their parent company
taking uh $8 million a
year from us Aid which some observers
say is to make sure Politico says bad
things about
Trump but a Politico reporter writes a
book and he says that uh he was given
extensive access to Trump's Inner Circle
and he said law enforcement officials
warned Trump last year that tran had
placed operatives in the US with access
to surfaced air missiles and that
Trump's team was worried that the
Iranians could try to down the uh down
the Trump Jet and
uh as it was taking off and
Landing now
apparently on one situation Trump took a
decoy plane and the real plane um only
had some of his Aids on
it that's right they thought it was too
dangerous for the president to be on the
plane because there were reports that it
might get shot
down but he did allow some of his aids
to be the
plane wouldn't have it made more sense
to put a few people on the other plane
or put them all on the other plane why
did you leave a few on the death
plane anyway so it didn't
happen um so here's what you need to
know when there's a dirty trick coming
from the dirty trick people let's say
USA which coincidentally funds uh
Politico which coincidentally is the
employer of this guy who wrote the book
oh do you remember uh a little thing
called uh Russia gate and the Russia
collusion hoax do you remember that it
was a
twofer so the the Deep State could blame
Russia at the same time they could get
Trump out of
office they get two good things put more
pressure on Russia so that they could be
you know sell more weapons and go harder
at Russia and we'd have more reasons but
also they would get rid of trump but now
we're hearing a story that tran had a
secret plan to do something that would
be so bad for Iran that only the mole
would have suggested that Iran do it
because under any
scenario if we found out that Iranian
agents took out Trump there would be a
major war with Iran huh this sounds
exactly like the Russia collusion hoax
except it's the Iranian missile to air
hoax
huh and it comes
from a source I would consider
non-credible
now uh do you see the pattern how how
many of you would have seen the
pattern that if it's the Deep State they
like to get a twofer blame a country you
want to go to war with and then also
take out
Trump same
play
um now let me ask you this again going
back to
Iran do you think that
Iran would want to do an opt to take out
Trump that would really be obviously
aimed at them and we wouldn't know who
did it
eventually um do you think that that
they would see that as good for their
own
interests it's completely opposite of
anything they've ever done because even
though they do lots of things we don't
like they all make
sense like they're not irrational
they're not self-destructive in in a
national way they all make sense in
their own little way you know they're
trying to they're trying to become the
dominant power in the Middle East they
did a bunch of things that a rational
person would say pretty good try pretty
good try yeah you did a good job you
know uh putting your will on Iraq yeah
you're good at this if they had taken
out Trump in a way that was obviously
connected back to them how in the world
would they have thought that was a good
idea for Iran how in the world they
wouldn't yeah they
wouldn't so to me it looks like it uh
now the other possibility is that uh it
was a setup so that if somebody in the
United States wanted to uh kill
Trump which we do worry about they would
have an they would have a py set up
right kind of convenient isn't it oh if
somebody's going to get killed let's
blame Cuba yeah let's blame Cuba or
Russia remember when Kennedy was killed
we who did we blame
Russia and then Cuba the the two that we
wanted to keep a war like stands to
anyway you see the
pattern so I don't trust anything about
this
story um I can't say with 100% certainty
that it's all
false there might be some true elements
to it but we don't live in a world where
you could trust this sort of thing it
just falls into the such an obvious
pattern that if the pattern wasn't so
obvious
you know maybe I'd say well might be
true anyway according to just the news
Natalia
middle uh air traffic controllers say
the faa's hiring practices and and their
immunity program which just means
they're not going to fire people for
making mistakes uh is what led to the DC
plane
crash so the immunity program like I
said I don't know the details but it's
something along the lines of
um not holding people accountable for
the
mistakes but apparently at one point
their hiring process changed from a
cognitive and skills-based
testing so basically how how smart and
fast they were
to a biographical
survey
what you're going to pick people who are
going to keep me alive with their quick
thinking and quick skills and the way
you're going to select them is by their
biographical information you mean
biographical as in are you diverse I
think that's what it means so if you're
diverse you don't have to have the
cognitive and skills-based
testing are they saying that kind of
directly because it sounds like they're
saying that
directly I don't know so um but I remind
you
you that the the most reasonable thing
to say about Dei and any potential it
has to have caused trouble is that you
it it's almost impossible to say that a
specific problem was from
Dei that's just almost always going to
be going too far you can't make that
connection usually there's not going to
be a direct line but you could certainly
say that the design of Dei guarantees
problems that you wouldn't fed otherwise
so it guarantees there would be more
crashes um it just doesn't specify which
ones and
when all right so uh according to the
Daily Mail Rob wo was writing that uh
let's see who is it uh Dr Steven Greer
he's one of the
UFO uh driving forces behind the idea
that the government has a bunch of UFOs
we got a bunch of alien chips and stuff
and he says that any minute now Trump's
going to open the gates and we're going
to find out oh the whistleblowers are
going to come forward there are going to
be so many UFOs and ships and finally
our full knowledge of all things alien
is going to come out
and nothing like that's going to
happen this is the most certain I will
ever be about any story now there's not
not going to be a bunch of Revelations
about flying
saucers no no if anything gets
released it's going to be that we don't
know anything about anything that might
get released but no we're not going to
admit we have even one alien ship
because we
don't and uh yeah so that's not going to
happen anyway that's what I got for you
today I'm going to
um yeah and there's something about the
uh the helicopter pilot turning off one
of their systems that should have been
on yeah I saw that too but again that
doesn't mean that it's a specific Dei
[Music]
problem people make mistakes right
everybody makes a mistake so if there's
a presence of a mistake and even if
there's a person involved that's not a
Dei problem there's just not enough dots
to connect it to one person you can just
know that people make
mistakes all
right um I'm going to say privately a
few words to the people on locals and
the rest of you thanks for joining this
was a lot of fun let's do it again same
time tomorrow so X and YouTube and
Rumble thanks for
joining
e
e
e for