stocks see how the day is going to look
it's going to be an amazing show
today all right stocks are kind of
flat all right let's get ready
for what uh is shaping up to be maybe
the best part of your day so far and I
know it's early but still could be the
best
part let me get my comments going for
the local subscribers who are a
special do
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams cuz
that's what it is and if you'd like to
take out your experience up to levels
that nobody can even understand with
their tiny shiny human brains all you
need is a cuper muger glass a tankered
chalis or Stein a Ken Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind to fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
open me the end of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous Sip and it's going to
happen now
go oh so
good that really is
good oh my
goodness so so good
well uh I wonder if there are any news
reports about the health benefits of
coffee this
morning oh yeah there is do you know
that uh at least according to a post by
carnivore orelus on X that you don't
need to do any fasting to get the
benefits of fasting called oo Fiji or
Fiji
Ori you know you should really probably
look up words and how to pronounce them
before you go live on a live stream
otherwise you end up saying things like
oragi Fuji but it's a word I swear to
God there's a word with letters and
stuff and if I could pronounce it this
would be way better but it has to do
with whatever that process is that
recycles your cells and cleans your old
cellular debris but it turns out
according to science you can get almost
the same benefits from drinking coffee
on a regular basis that's right suckers
while you're hungry and fasting let me
do my impression of you fasting versus
me drinking
coffee wellow you sure look hungry over
there looks like you're losing some
weight you're looking a little
thin you must be starved by now
this is good
coffee so you should get all of your
health tips from me no don't don't don't
get any of your health tips from a
cartoonist that's a bad
idea well according to ex user Alec
sta uh he points out one of the worst
cases of scientific fraud ever here's a
good one so there was a cardiologist who
did some study studies and fake some
data that's no problem big deal a
cardiologist does a study he fakes a
little data how bad can it be a little
bit of fake data everybody's faked a
little data how bad can it
be um it was on U study of patients who
were given beta blockers before hard
surgery oh okay well it could be a
little bit bad if the data is fake could
be a little bit bad so Europe changed
its medical guidelines based on that
research uh there's newer information
suggesting that beta blockers may
increase your risk of death by
27%
so may have killed thousands of people
with his fake data but hey all the rest
of the data you see is
real have I ever told you that all data
that matters is fake
yeah I know you don't believe it but all
data that
matters is
fake you'll see it someday a data that
doesn't matter very much or that
everybody can see that could be
real all right um here's something
interesting from science
alert uh scientists discovered A
protein that can directly halt DNA
damage
it appears to be Plug and Play so they
found this obscure little protein
apparently they can just like shoot it
into your body somehow and it will just
start going around repairing your DNA to
what it should have been now this sounds
a little too good to be true doesn't it
you wouldn't have to do anything to it
you just put it in and it wherever it is
it just repairs DNA doesn't care doesn't
care if what kind of mammal you are
doesn't care what your blood type is it
just just sits there and repairs your
DNA now that would uh be a promising
candidate for cancer
vaccine so it's way too early to say
this is exciting but I like to get you
all worked up about the possibilities of
the future being better than the present
maybe maybe things will get better in a
whole bunch of hidden ways that we don't
talk about while we're talking about all
the bad stuff on the top line you know
here here's a basic truth about
reality the stuff you're paying
attention to is always you know Wars and
just the worst behavior of people so if
the thing you're paying attention to is
the news it looks like everything's
going to hell doesn't
it there's almost no exception like
everything in the news looks like oh no
the world's going off the The Rails but
working against that is if you read the
science news the science news is really
really promising across just the
broadest array of things from energy
conservation to smarter looks at uh
climate change to Battery Technology to
solar cells you whole new forms of
energy so lots of good stuff going
on the I've got some more of them I've
say for the
end meanwhile um as most of you probably
already know to to is the three-year
anniversary of those 13 American
soldiers who were killed in the
so-called botched withdrawal from
Afghanistan now I realize that I'm
supposed to make this a political
statement about the Biden Administration
but if you don't mind I'm going to skip
that and just say you know that we
appreciate the service and we're feeling
uh feeling some things for the families
and that we're just going toensure
respect
so let's skip the politics out of
respect for the the the fallen and uh
move
on um IBM is shutting down one of its
facilities in China I don't know how
many they have but they're shutting down
their their research and development
that would be the first thing I would
shut down in
China if you have a research and
development um outfit working for your
company and you decided to put any part
of it in China you're just sort of
giving away your
research you know there's nobody who
thinks that the Chinese government isn't
all over all the communications and you
know putting in spies and every other
thing so yeah the last place in the
entire world that I would ever put a
research and development department
would be China I mean Ukraine is right
up there but
China all
right um
SpaceX apparently SpaceX is working with
uh some private individuals to do a
space walk so they're going to they're
going to launch them up in one of the
SpaceX rockets and I guess it's being
funded by some billionaire and the
mission is called Polaris Dawn and two
of the four people who are private
citizens I guess are going to go up
there and two of them are going to walk
in
space that's kind of exciting one of
them is this billionaire guy Jared isman
he's a tech
billionaire can I make a request from my
audience if I ever become a
billionaire and any part of that
lifestyle starts with me trying to do
adventurous things like walk in
space or navigate a balloon across an
ocean you need to stop me do whatever
you have to do just say Scott do not get
in that helium balloon and try to cross
an
ocean do not do not try to walk in space
if nobody's done it before with a
specific equipment no just because
you're a billionaire doesn't mean you
have to be a dumbass that's what you
should say to
me well congratulations to Megan Kelly
who's getting a lot of attention today
uh S4 is reporting that her show the
Megan Kelly show uh her YouTube channel
has two .3 million subscribers had 117
million views in July and that's more
views than the official channels for NBC
CBS Sky News and PBC but what I don't
know is are they only comparing the
YouTube channels or they comparing the
entire network so I don't know that but
um Megan Kelly is becoming one of the
top voices in the world of of news and
opinion uh apparently she has has six
staffers working on
that so apparently I need to add some
staffers if I want to get to those
numbers she's doing how much better is
she doing than me uh let's see 100
times her success is approximately 100
times My Success at at live streaming
boy she's got some good staffers there
no here's what I'm going to say one of
one of the things I appreciate about
Megan Kelly is her Talent stack and one
of the things you'll see with most of
the successful live streamers is that
they have more than one Talent you know
I say this about Sean Hannity all the
time he's just got a bunch of talents um
tuer Carlson bunch of talents it takes a
whole bunch of things to work uh Greg
geld bungin know you you could go that
list the ones that are really making a
difference they've got multiple talents
so if you look at Megan Kelly you know
she's got the attorney thing she's been
in the news business she knows
everything about politics she's got a
robust family life so she understands
you know what it's like to be a family
person in the United States now she's
started her own basically her own
network she's got phenomenal
communication skills probably one of the
best in my
opinion uh the best personal Charisma on
camera of
anybody try to think of somebody who has
more personal Charisma on live anything
you'd be hard I don't think you could
beat that she so yeah Megan Kelly is one
of those few people I will listen to No
matter what the topic is I I wouldn't
say that about too many people just
whatever she's doing just always seems
interesting to me so great job Megan
Kelly I just want to shout out there um
so Biden's going on vacation
again this is like the Perpetual ever
green story who's running the
country Biden is anov it he's uh he's uh
I guess he left his 5-day vacation with
a billionaire and now he's going to go
to his re rehobath beach house in
Delaware and there's a video of him
laying on the beach stiff as a
board and I don't want to say that
Biden's not doing well but they did add
to his Entourage and now part of the
permanent staff is a
taxidermist who just travels with him in
case in case he's needed I I saw the
picture and it's possi he's already
acted but just a
taxidermist uh meanwhile the Attorney
General in Texas is announced major
election fraud
raids so um Ken Paxton attorney general
in Texas he's uh launched this major
effort and they've got search warrants
Etc and they're going after these uh
organizations these nonprofit groups
nonprofit nonprofit groups I've got a
feeling that the people who are managing
those nonprofit groups are making a
profit from
somebody and it says a number of
nonprofit groups this is according to
Natural news have been setting up a boo
outside of uh driver's license centers
in
Texas to register
people which you could do inside when
you're getting your driver's license I
suppose so none of this uh looks uh
appropriate it all look sketchy but
here's the question I ask um I'm a
citizen watching the news and I've got a
question if our elections were pristine
and
Flawless uh by the way the the
allegation I think I left out the
important part the allegation is that
they're registering noncitizen
did I leave that out so the allegation
is that they're
intentionally aimed at getting
noncitizens to vote that's the
allegation
now why do we need to fix a system
that's already
pristine every day I look at the news
and every single day there's another
state that's going after election
cheaters or they're adjusting the
election
laws I I think at this point there have
been maybe hundreds of
adjustments to the thing that was
already
perfect why why would you keep fixing
the thing that wasn't
broke it's kind of a mystery isn't
it well if you'd like a way to identify
the brainwashed from the people who just
have honest differences of opinion I
would like to suggest a mechanism to do
that are you ready now nothing's perfect
so this is not a 100% method but it's
pretty good if you want to know who's
brainwashed see if they can describe the
other side of the argument if they're
even aware of it now it's sort of two
parts one are you even aware there's
another
argument and the other is could you
describe it in a way that's honest even
disagreeing with it say okay this is
what the other people
say but this is what I believe even
though they say that that would be fine
but suppose you
say let's say for example uh Democrats
say and we're going to test this on
Republicans by the way we're going to
test it both ways
um let's say you were a Democrat and you
say that mean old Trump uh convinced the
Republicans to turn down that
immigration bill that was bipartisan by
the way it was bipartisan so who can
turn that down I mean both sides
representatives from both sides said yes
to it but then when was voted the
Republicans mostly voted against it so
is it because meano Trump said don't
vote for that thing I'd rather run on
the issue than fix
it so that's what the Democrats say now
if you said to a Democrat who said that
hey it's Trump's fault he's the one who
turned down that bill that would have
fixed
everything do they know what the
counterargument is now what what's
important is I'm not saying the
counterargument is the right one I'm not
even picking a side I'm saying do they
know what the other argument
is most of you do don't you I'd like to
see in the comments do you know what was
wrong if anything with that bill that
the Republicans voted against does
anybody anybody have a knowledge of that
what what do you think was in that bill
that caused for most of you Republican
voters what what do you think your team
the
Republicans why do you think they turned
it down purely because of uh politics or
was there anything wrong with that that
even a normal person would have turned
it
down there you go yeah so I'm looking at
the comments and it's very obvious that
many of you have a pretty good notion at
least directionally you're aware of what
the problem was so directionally the
first thing you need to know is it
wasn't a clean bill meaning it wasn't
just about immigration they packed a
bunch of foreign funding into it so you
had to be in favor of you know another
bunch of money for Ukraine and another
bunch of money for the Middle East and
something else why would you if it was
so important to the Democrats why would
they put a bunch of stuff in it that was
going to be
controversial so that would be enough to
turn it down in my opinion
if if you're trying to solve this one
problem but you got to put a bunch of
 in it what's the point of being
bipartisan if you have to throw the pork
in there do you know why pork you know
the things that are unrelated to the
thing do you know why the pork gets put
into a
bill the reason you put the pork in is
to get the other side usually to agree
to it could be your own side but you're
basically bribing people to agree to it
why would you need to bribe people to
agree to it if it was bipartisan and
obviously good and everybody could see
it why are you bribing them I mean
that's what that's what the pork is and
pork in this Casa well pork is the wrong
word I shouldn't say pork because that's
more about domestic spending but the uh
the
pork wrong word is just other issues are
in the Bill as soon as you say it's
filled with billions of dollars of other
issues that's reason enough to turn it
down
it's plenty of reason and it also
suggests that you weren't serious about
it because if the Democrats had ever
been serious about that bill they would
have made it clean but that's not the
only
problem you some of you are aware I saw
in the comments somebody said it would
increase
immigration would it increase illegal
immigration no it wouldn't no it would
would massively decrease illegal immigra
that's what the Democrats say the
Democrats say this bill would decrease
illegal immigration and they're
completely
right do you
agree that the bill if approved you know
assuming you were okay with that other
funding that had nothing to do with the
bill if you had accepted all that it
would dramatically decrease illegal
immigration it would if you read it do
you know why it would do that because it
would make you so easy to come in
Legally as a
non-citizen that you wouldn't need to
come in in illegally in other words if
you just go through the front door and
say Asylum that's legal it's a legal
process we would process you through our
legal process and then you would not be
called an illegal immigrant literally
the immigration bill was about changing
the definition of legal and illegal
that's what it did now the specific way
it did it was by adding uh the Asylum
Checkers so the people that you check in
with and decide whether or not you get
Asylum so what they
increased was the conversion of people
we would call illegal and people we call
legal but they're exactly the same
people doing the same thing they're just
walking through a different doorway now
how many Democrats could explain what I
just
explained none
you you could do you could check with a
hundred in a row you wouldn't find one
not even one person who could tell you
what I just told you and when I asked
the Republicans in the audience you
didn't all know the details but people
did know there was extra stuff in there
and they did know it would make things
worse so basically you knew the argument
without the details directionally you
knew the argument but but do you think
there's even one Democrat who would say
oh wait it would make the rate of
illegal immigrants worse no no because
the news is fake so the news told them
it was just a bipartisan thing so
therefore it must be good and if you're
turning down something that is
bipartisan well there's only one way to
look at that the only way you could look
at that is that that mean old Trump must
have said something that was
political so back to my main point you
can tell if somebody's brainwashed if
they can't even explain what the other
point of view
was let me give you an example oh and
somebody asked me how do you deal with
the brainwashed
relatives or brainwashed
co-workers I have a
suggestion if you said oh you're wrong
about this or you forgot this or you
didn't know about this what are you
going to get
cancelled you're going to get you're
going to get trouble you're going to get
in a fight so do not
directly challenge people who clearly
are brainwashed here's what you can do
instead have you ever heard the counter
to
that that's it have you ever heard the
uh have you ever heard the argument
against
that now if nobody wants to hear it run
away if they say of course I've heard
the argument say well what is it can you
explain it
and and your job is not to get them to
change their
mind that's impossible your job is not
to act Superior to them although that's
how it's going to come out your job is
to say that the news is so siloed you
you wonder if everybody's hearing both
sides so you appreciate hearing their
side because maybe your news doesn't
have enough of it that would be the
humble thing to say but you might say
I'm kind of kind of curious if the news
even tells you why the Republicans were
against it do you know why now if they
say it's because they're evil and it's
all political You' say do do you want to
hear what they're saying is the
counterargument notice how I didn't say
it's my argument do you want to hear
what the Republicans were saying is the
counter to that have you because most
people will say yes to that because
they'll know if they don't know that
they're going to be on Shaky Ground and
they're going to look stupid so all
you've offered is can I tell you what
other people
say it's the other people say it that
support that keeps you safe say I don't
know what to think but I'll tell you
what the other people
say now try that because if you do that
you're taking the pressure off of you
versus them because you versus them gets
you in a fight
but if if you're just curious about the
complete completeness of knowledge and
how the news business works you sort of
keep it on that that level about I'm I'm
not sure the news is doing the job that
it should because we're so siloed have
you heard the Republican argument
against that and you don't even act like
you care don't even act like you have a
horse in the race
so what did you believe that fine people
hoax have you heard what the Republicans
say about that yeah they're they're
saying if you listen to the another 30
seconds you'll see the clarification of
where he says quote
and you don't say it's your opinion you
just say that's what they're
saying that's how you do
it well there's a fake seven-point
Advantage Poll for Harris so there's a
survey from Farley Dickinson University
and came out on Friday and showed Harris
was leading
Trump seven percent or seven points now
did that sound real to you when you
heard
it all the news reported
it's a real survey so it must be news
right it must be real everybody reported
it I think the hill was reporting it and
uh let's see if you keep reading down uh
oh here's a little uh here's a paragraph
maybe you didn't hear if you heard the
news the Harris was up seven let me ask
you if you heard this part when they did
the
survey pollsters noted race or gender
play a large role in pushing Harris lead
listen to this when voters are asked to
think about race or gender Harris's lead
grows significantly while support for
her and Trump are virtually tied when
they are not made to think about
it okay let me change the
headline here's the correct
headline Farley Dickinson University
released a poll that showed that they
were tied
that's what actually happened but they
also did a little test where they said
if they Prime them with a certain
thought you can make the number
move it would move both ways if you
prime them with did you know the uh
economy is bad and immigration's out of
control which way do you think that
would Prime
people so if you prime them with a
Democrat message you get more Democrat
support okay maybe you could have just
asked me
literally you could have just asked me
and save all that money Scott if we if
we Prime the people we're polling by
making them think of something in one
domain is that going to change their
answer yes yes not all of them but
s%
absolutely that's that's the most well
understood thing you could ever have in
Psychology so that's a fake poll I think
there's a real one the shows Trump is up
by three I call it real because I agree
with it so at the same time somebody
says Harris is up by seven another poll
is saying Trump is up by three none of
them are believable at this stage the
polls are just sort of entertainment
between now and the last month in the
last month they might start getting
serious because they have to make sure
that they're credible pollsters when
it's all done they can be crazy and
fraudulent now but they toward the end
that's the only part they'll be judge
done is the actual result and their
actual most recent polling before the
result so it's the only one they have to
get right to stay in business which is
wild all right uh Trump's talking about
turning down the ABC debate I think he's
just negotiating but uh I like how he
framed it you he's saying they're biased
and blah blah blah and he pointed out
that Tom Cotton did a a great job which
he did on ABC and
he said what was his
complaint um he also questioned Trump
did whether ABC's George Stephanopoulos
with whom he was involved in litigation
would be involved there's no indication
he would be and basically why would I do
the debate on that Network they're all
biased
um why did and then he says why did
Harris turn down Fox NBC and CBS and CNN
right so he's he's basically trying to
create a picture where Harris is the one
turning things down and the only one
that they have left is the the super
biased one so why would he accept the
one super biased one when Harris is
turning down all the others not that
they would be less biased but it's a
it's a pretty good political attack yeah
it won't be decisive but it's a good
one all right
um I saw a post from I forget the user
was Dogecoin or somebody uh post on next
please forward links to X poost to your
friends so they know what's happening
the idea here is that the news is so
biased and siloed that the only place
you can see anything true is on the
xplatform so if you see something that's
true that your your uh friends and
neighbors have not seen you should send
it to them now what's interesting about
that is that must commented on it and
said it was very important you I agree
so right now we have the situation where
xplatform is probably the best free sple
free bleech free
speech place in the United States if not
everywhere but because of the algorithm
Keeps Us
siloed and nobody's going to look at it
unless they want to look at stuff they
want to look at then uh it seems to me
that uh
this might be the only way to break you
know break that Silo is just email it or
text it you know not a lot because
people aren't going to put up with a a
lot of stuff like that but you might be
able to just select a key one now and
then one that really breaks the Matrix
maybe send that
one all right uh Trump's talking about
Cerner handlers uh he was posting that
they're trying to make it sound like he
is the incumbent president so they can
blame him for everything uh no it was
their failure Etc now that does seem to
be the actual weird case that that the
uh Democrats ran a convention in which
they pretended they needed to fix all
the problems from the current
Administration which is their
Administration but they sort of acted
like it wasn't their Administration and
maybe it was sort of trump who was
involved all
along now what do you call that
that would be called
gaslighting gaslighting is when you say
something that somebody can see is not
true right in front of them like there's
no doubt about what is real and they're
still telling you it's not real now
that's different than lying lying might
be okay do I have to research this you
know there's an argument on both sides
that would just be lying or hyperbole or
you know that sort of thing but
gaslighting is you hand somebody a rock
and they're holding The Rock in their
hands and they know it's a rock they can
feel it it's a rock and then the person
who gave it to you says that's a diamond
and you say no it's just regular Rock
and then they keep persisting no that is
a diamond and you just keep looking at
it and you're like I have it in my hand
it's just a rock now that's gaslighting
gaslighting is telling you the thing you
see you know to be true is not true and
that makes you
crazy if you start to believe it you're
like oh my goodness am I crazy why why
does everybody say this is a diamond in
my hand when it's clearly a
rock so that's the case the Democrats
everybody in the country can see it's
their administrations in charge so when
they say they're going to fix where
everything is wrong the entire country
knows well wait a minute didn't you just
blame yourselves for being the problem
but uh somehow they're trying to pull
that off now it's also a case of
projection meaning that they're
projecting their own errors onto Trump
saying he didn't fix this or he didn't
do that effectively so
what what uh what does that remind you
of what it reminds me of is the is a
signal of dark Triad personality
disorders that would include narcissism
and some some other conditions so we've
seen that the Democrats do in fact have
this weird super high level of mental
illness no joke like actually you can
measure it it's just off the chart
Democrats have more mental illness
and it observationally it seems like
they are just packed with this dark
Triad personality types they all seem to
have ended up in one place most of them
and so when I see that their entire
campaign is based on gaslighting and
projection
it just looks like mental illness it it
looks like David plof has has weaponized
the mental illness of his own
base which again is
brilliant it's brilliant because I hate
to say it but the the Democrats
persuasion game is just crazy good at
this point the the fact that the race is
even
close it's just a freaking Miracle of
persuasion so
you know I don't like their policies and
their personalities in many cases but
damn you're doing a really good job of
the most evil persuasion I've ever seen
and effectively now let's take it down
to the to a specific anecdote now of
course anecdotes you know are not good
enough to make the case but if you make
a general case and there are no examples
of it that would be a weaker case so I
made a general case that they seem to be
filled with mental illness
and they're using gaslighting in
projection because those are the main
tools of the mentally ill at least the
dark Triad personality
people so here's an anecdote RFK Jr
changed Allegiance from Democrats to now
backing Trump is RFK Jr racked with
mental health
issues doesn't look like it does
it you you could agree with them or
disagree with them but he doesn't have
any mental health issues he might want
to be one of the most mentally strong
people you'll ever see in your life I
mean that guy's got some mental strength
so would you agree that there's not
anything about RFK Jr like him or don't
like him I'm not even talking about
policies but there's nothing mentally
ill about him
whatsoever would you say the same about
his
sister his sister is quite distressed
about is you know joining the evil side
I don't know I think the sister might be
I'm not going to say she has dark Triad
personality but she is part of a party
which seems to be operating on not the
best mental health perspective let's put
it that way so look for that
pattern speaking of RFK Jr he said he
said in public that there would be more
prominent Democrats heading toward
Trump we are having fun spec Cal ating
who they might be somebody said Dan
Goldman might be one but I don't think
that's
confirmed um I'm really really
curious about who else might
go yeah and and I guess you're right I'm
seeing in the comments why why is the
family that
involved I mean it seems like you could
just say well it's not my choice but
good luck that seems like the healthy
thing to do
anyway
um apparently uh K Harris is using her
latest ads she's showing Trump's border
wall to make it look like it was her
border wall that so Kate way pundit is
reporting that so imagine the guts of
running a campaign about how good she's
doing at the border and showing Trump's
border wall is part of your good job
remember I said gas Lighting in
projection this is just gaslighting it's
just
projection it's like confusing who did
what well there's a report that Boeing
Employees are quote
humiliated that the little upstart uh
Space X is going to be the one going up
there and rescuing their astronauts that
are stranded on the space station
they're
humiliated H let's see so Boeing is
failing
but SpaceX is
succeeding you know here's a question
maybe you can help me with this I
haven't done the research but which of
those two companies Boeing or SpaceX is
focused exclusively on Merit and their
hiring wh which one only cares about the
quality of the
employee is it bowing or is
it
SpaceX I I'm pretty sure it's SpaceX
what does Boeing care about well they
also care about doing the good job but
they've got a really strong focus on
Dei
so and I saw that they're bragging quite
a bit that Boeing has increased its
percentage of female
Engineers so here's the good
news SpaceX is very
qualified and qualified enough to go get
those astronauts and save their lives we
hope but Boe not to be
outdone has a higher percentage of
female Engineers than they've ever had
before so so in a way both of them are
doing
great just in different
ways what about NASA NASA was working
with both of them I guess but NASA's uh
has Dei training that I learned today
um it it encourages the white people to
feel shame for being white and taking
part in white supremacy
culture
so so assuming that's true i' would be
in favor of cancelling all funding for
NASA because I I'm not in favor of
funding a racist
organization um even if they're taking
us to space
sorry that's a hard no so I'm in favor
of cutting all funding for n NASA that's
not going to happen by the way I just
want to you know put down a marker if if
it's going to be a racist organization
which it is explicitly and directly and
in writing they're racist organization
now no no interest in funding them
whatsoever meanwhile Disney is forming
committee to replace their white guy CEO
they've got a white guy CEO bre Bart
news says that I guess Morgan Stanley
blah blah blah executive chairman is
going to lead a search to replace bog
Iger with I hope fingers crossed they
can get a black lesbian woman to run
that organization get rid of that white
guy because he's ruining
everything um meanwhile over in the UK
teachers are going to be changed uh
trained to challenge whiteness in school
according to the
telegraph um so in order to be
anti-racist you have to learn to
challenge that whiteness and if you
didn't know the term whiteness in
critical RAC Theory which seems to be
you know the the basis for a lot of
these
things it refers to these social
attitudes and things that are considered
by normal um not normal considered
normal by white people so some of the
things that white people ridiculously
think are normal normal would be
meritocracy
objectivity and
individualism oh my God I didn't realize
what a white supremacist I am because I
like all of those
things well what happens if you get rid
of meritocracy objectivity and
individualism that's the end of the
world so that's where we're going
apparently some really dumb
people have decided that let's let's
package the worst ideas in the world and
try to shame everybody into doing it so
the UK is pretty much
done um over in the Middle East we're
seeing some theater involved as in
pretending okay okay um as in pretending
uh that we're all being tough here so as
you
know uh let's see Iran and uh Hezbollah
said they were going to get even with
Israel because Israel killed that Hamas
guy on Iranian
territory so both Iran and Hezbollah um
made their threats Hezbollah made an
attack which I think you know they can
pretend was a major attack but in terms
of its effect it was minor and uh now
Hezbollah says uh they could take a
breath because uh they've already done
what they needed to
do so heah does basically nothing that
made any difference but was large it
just didn't make any difference so now
they can say all right we're done now we
showed you Israel and then Israel you
know pounded them back and probably took
out more Rockets than landed I'm sure
and uh then they both can act like they
won and then Iran is a little Cy about
whether they're going to do something
separately in in addition to whatever
Hezbollah did but I've got a feeling
they're going to say you know what ASA
did is fine good enough
or because Iran is now changing how they
talk about it so they don't say well you
know it's another military attack
against you they're saying things like
well you know War can take many forms it
could be you know persuasion it could be
Financial so Israel's and uh Iran are
unlikely to get into a big fight and
match anytime soon
over in Ukraine they've got robo dogs
they're implementing now they've got
these $99,000 robot
dogs that can uh they can go for like 9
miles per hour for 5 hours they can
carry 15
pounds and they're using them for
they're going to they haven't used them
yet um for this but they can do kamakazi
attacks you just have the kamakazi dog
run at them and explode I guess but
they're equipped with um camera cameras
and remote sensing and all kinds of
things and they can trigger Russian
booby traps along the front lines so the
robot dog explodes instead of a person
now it seems to
me that we're heading toward an
inevitable situation where all of the
fighting is
robots and then once we get to a
situation where all of the fighting is
robots we're one step away from that
Star
Trek uh do you remember the Star Trek
where there was an advanced civilization
where instead of having real wars they
would run a computer simulation of who
would have
won and instead of having the war the
people who would have lost based on the
simulation if the simulation says well
it looks like you know you would have
lost a thousand people in this battle a
thousand people have to volunteer to be
killed in this you know suicide machine
uh because it's more
civilized than the actual
War well what happens when you've got
two armies that are fully Ro
roboticized and AI
driven wouldn't the robots know who's
going to win and wouldn't they be able
to calculate how many humans die as a
process we're very close to the point
where the robots don't need to fight
because they could just exchange data uh
you know hypothetically the robots would
be able to know which side would
win because they would just say all
right we don't have enough robots in
this domain they will attack in that
domain because that's the obvious place
to attack we have no answer this will
cause a you know collapse in our entire
structure yes the other team will win no
doubt about it so we
surrender uh well we were going to kill
100,000 of you all right we'll let you
kill 100,000 of us but we'll do it in a
civilized
way the weird thing is that feels almost
inevitable maybe not the part where the
people are sacrificed but maybe the part
where we don't need the war if the
robots know who's going to win so maybe
one side just says all right we give up
our robots aren't as good as your robots
maybe according to Brighter Side news
there's a study that finds we could be
living in a simulation
what I don't quite understand how they
did this but the basic idea I hope this
is somewhere in the neighborhood of
their idea is that you've heard
um you've heard that uh let's see
entropy is a
natural state of matter entropy means
that if you just leave things alone they
will become more
disordered so if you just took a donut
and put it in a box and left it there
for year it wouldn't look like the donut
anymore it would you know dissolve and
that over time
everything becomes you know less of what
it was so entropy is the the impulse
that the Universe has for whatever
reason toward uh taking things that are
fully formed and turning them into their
constituent parts and that's normal now
if that's true and this is the big if um
that it applies to information you would
expect the information too would become
more disordered over time instead of
more ordered but it's the
opposite now here the big if is you know
does what happens with matter applied to
what happens with information but that
was one of the assumptions that went
into this it's a hypothesis I guess
hypothesis that um information should go
the same way as physical stuff I don't
know why but the idea is that
information is physical in some way and
the idea is that since information
becomes more ordered over time at least
within our human systems it would
suggest that things aren't the way they
look and that maybe we're a simulation
this is pretty weak in my mind but
thought it was fun there's a uh new gel
that you can spray on your house to keep
it from burning up so if you're in a
forest fire situation and the fire is
heading toward your house you can't buy
it yet it's it's invented but not for
sale that uh apparently according to
researchers at Stanford according to the
Stanford report so it's a water
enhancing gel you spray it on homes and
would make it almost fireproof
temporarily amazing what if that works
can you imagine that now I I think if
not in terms of just saving homes but if
you had a gel that you could put on
something and make it un burnable
couldn't you create a
firewall you know couldn't you just
surround the fire with this gel and you
know make you know really thick border
around it with the gel depends how toxic
the gel is I suppose you know the gel
might be more toxic than the fire but
this could be big and I say again do the
people who estimate the dangers of
climate change do they calculate the
things that would mitigate those dangers
one of the big dangers they say for
climate is that the there' be more
forest
fires but if there are more fires but
our ability to stop them gets way better
do we have fewer fires we might end up
with fewer fires that's that's the way
that's the way Society has G so far is
that we have have less of stuff even if
the danger is higher because we're
better at taking care of
it and that ladies and gentlemen brings
me to the end of my prepared thoughts
for today I did notice just before I got
on that the Israel stock market seems
kind of strong you know historically
they they've been kind of flat for years
I've been tracking it for a while but
that one one index fund that I track
from Israel is is up nicely in the last
year or so now what country goes to war
on you know multiple
fronts and then there stock market goes
up what's up with
that it doesn't look like the financial
world is worried about anything
happening to Israel of any economic
consequence so don't really understand
that but
um if you uh look at my Dilbert comic
today which I took off of uh I took it
out from the pay wall you will see that
uh Dilbert's company is being let's say
accosted by an activist named Robbie
Starbuck now it's based on the real
Robbie Starbuck in the real world he's
the activist I don't know if I want to
call him an activist because he didn't
he didn't wake up to be an activist he's
just getting involved in something that
matters um but he had a lot to do with
uh Harley-Davidson for example getting
rid of their Dei group and I think he's
working with some other companies on the
same issue when I say working out with
them I mean embarrassing them to stop
doing what they're doing because it's so
racist and uh so he'll be in the comic
you can see a see one day of it today I
posted it on X and uh I opened it up so
you can see it all right um people on
the locals platform I'm going to talk to
you privately and that's all I've got
for the rest of you so thanks for
joining on Rumble NX and on YouTube it's
always a pleasure and in 30 seconds I'll
be private with
the beautiful and sexy members of
locals
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e