[Music]
what a show we got
today stock market's
recovering the news is fun and
funny oh it's going to be
[Music]
good good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
if you'd like to take this experience up
to levels that no human can understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a copper mug or a
glass of tankered shell or steain a
canteen jugg or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine of the
day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous SI
and happens now
go oh delightful
delightful okay people how about a
little uh news update and then we'll get
into vice presidential pick and all the
stuff about politics well the New York
Post has a story that there's a new
theory about how the pyramids got built
and maybe they used the apparently there
was a lot of water in that area back in
the pyramid building days there were
rivers and canals and they may have used
the rivers and canals to uh Power the
building of the pyramid so they may have
been harnessing the the water power to
help them lift the heavy blocks I'm not
sure exactly how they harnessed it but
if I were building a pyramid let me tell
you how I would do it I would start with
uh build bu a canal where I could float
all the big rocks so if you if you
wrapped enough wood around them I think
they'd all float so you float your big
rocks from the Quarry right up to the
pyramid but now you got to get the rock
up to the top of the pyramid how do you
do it well I don't know but the way I'd
do it is I'd have the center of the
pyramid always empty like there's a big
column in the middle of it and I would I
would have an underground
um Canal so that I could move the things
into the move those uh move those big
blocks that are floating on wood into
the middle of the pyramid and then I
would close off the place that the block
came from and I would fill the column
with water and it would float those Big
Blocks all the way up to the top of the
pyramid whatever has been built so far
and then you just take it off and put it
where you want it so you could actually
float the the block the blocks to the
Top If You sealed off the column and
allowed the pyramid just to be a big
column of water and you just put the
water in there so maybe but there could
have been other mechanical ways they
harnessed the water power
to there are a new scientist who claims
that you can use AI to detect
intelligence sexual preference and
political leaning just by looking at
faces
do you believe that do you believe that
you can tell with high level of accuracy
somebody's intelligence sexual
preference and political leaning just by
their face how many believe that you
could not every time but that you could
usually tell by their
face I
do if you can't tell those things by
looking at people's faces there's
something wrong with you you're you're
missing some kind of social skill yes of
course you can tell those things it
takes you about all of one second to
tell somebody's general intelligence by
looking at
them you know it's true now sexuality if
they're not hiding it it's usually easy
to tell if they're hiding it's hard of
course and uh political leanings weirdly
yes weirdly yes you can tell people's
political leanings but that's not the
fun part here's the fun
part it can detect
lies now I haven't seen anybody do it
yet
but I guarantee that if humans can do it
and you've seen me do it a million times
right the the the Tells for lying are
very clear I was watching who was it the
other day uh Chris Murphy supporting who
supports Harris Democrat um I was
watching him with the the sound off and
when he gets the lying part his eyebrows
go way up and his eyes get wide and then
he delivers the lie that he knows is a
lie and you know it's a lie but if he
opens his eyes really hard maybe he can
make you believe the lie that he knows
is a lie and you know is a
lie they're really
obvious so yes AI will be will be able
to determine who's lying and I don't
think we're ready for that do you think
we're ready for that because it's going
to be pretty accurate except for the
people who really practice their lies
those would be hard to
detect anyway um science has also
determined that there's a uh key brain
chemical that uh determines whether you
choose to exercise or eat some unhealthy
snacks that's pretty specific so in rats
anyway they can tell if the rat will
want to do physical activity or just
indulge in a treat based on how much of
this one brain chemical is there
something called or rexen now they
haven't tried this on human beings but
the thinking is that they could change
your desire to exercise versus snacking
based on how much you change this
chemical composition in the
person but do you know what the real
story is it's yet more proof that we
don't have free will if you had Free
Will why would it matter how much of
this chemical you had in your brain
because your free will would just say I
choose to exercise or it might say I
choose to eat an unhealthy
snack but if you have free will how
could it possibly be affected by a
chemical in your brain no you don't have
free will Free Will has always been the
most persistent illusion in all of
humanity and we imagine we have free
will because it allows us to not go
crazy I guess but no you don't have any
free
will yeah I think I first realized that
I don't know how many decades ago but
when um scientists said you know what I
think some people are born with a
tendency to be gay to which I saidwell
wouldn't that mean they don't have free
will and then science said you know what
turns out that people who become addicts
and alcoholics are
genetically different in other words
there's some genetic inclination to
addiction to which I said well I thought
they could just choose to be
addicted they got that Free Will don't
they and they eventually realize that
every anything we attribute to free will
will eventually be identified as a
chemical State and then you'll realize
it doesn't exist and then you'll have to
deal with that so I'm getting you ready
decades in advance you're
welcome all
right another thing the science found
out is that your moral values could
change with the seasons so the
seasonality and this has been studied a
UBC study has revealed that regular
seasonal shifts and people's uh their
regular seasonal shifts and moral values
huh let's say if your moral values can
shift based on I don't know sunlight and
diet and
temperature that sounds a little like
you don't have free
will huh you might notice eventually
that 100% of science is all in the same
direction on free will every bit of it
every single thing that they discover
about
humans reduces what you could imagine
was their free
will it has always been an illusion
hypnotist learned that in day one in day
one the hypnotist learn that we imagine
free will but we're just program
machines basically you can't really even
be a hypnotist unless you understand
that Free Will is
fake um you might be amazed to find that
there's a new study that says no amount
of drinking alcohol is good for you huh
who told you that first
me 20 years ago for the first time
probably uh but yes there's no amount of
alcohol that's good for you and there's
new study that says that it is a
carcinogen and your odds of getting
every basically every kind of cancer
goes way up if you've had any alcohol at
all so any amount of alcohol increases
substantially your risk of uh
cancer so don't say I didn't warn you
here's another one there's a teen that's
suing meta so that would be Instagram
and and Facebook for uh5 billion for
being addicted by Instagram so it's a
13-year-old New York girl and she's
filed this suit it's a class action suit
so it' be on behalf of all the other
people as well and it argues that meta
implemented addictive features uh the
like counts and the story despite
knowing they could harm teens mental
health um and it used manipulative
tactics now what part of this is not
common
knowledge would you say it's common
knowledge that the social media
platforms use science to figure out what
is most addictive well yes yeah yes of
course so nobody's questioning that
basic fact right it's really the it's
the DNA of all social media that it's
addictive so if you know it's
addictive and then secondly the claim is
that metan knew it was addictive and
therefore harmful to teens's mental
health do you think do you think that
they can prove in the lawsuit that meta
was aware of the effects it would have
on Mental Health I think so I think they
can do that and then I say to myself
okay but is this really an important
lawsuit or is it just somebody's taking
run at some free money and you'll never
hear about it again well it turns out
that the lawyer representing the minor
is famous lawyer David
boy now if you haven't heard that name
it's because you're not a enough of a
legal geek to know that there's some
names that are associated with big cases
he's one of those names that's often
associated with big cases and he's one
enough that he can be on big cases so it
could be really big deal
what would happen if social media had to
remove their addictive
qualities well what would be left but it
also asks a bigger question aren't all
products
addictive even if you're not trying to
make them addictive everybody who makes
a product of any kind that would cause
you to spend your time doing one thing
versus
another there's some kind of attractive
addictive quality if you're going to use
it more than once so
on one hand I'm kind of fascinated and
interested that somebody might be be
able to make a case out of it on the
other hand there's definitely a uh
unintentional effect that could come
from
that like I'm you know I'm looking at
basically everything in my room and I
think well I mean I'm addicted to my
coffee I'm addicted to creating these
live streams I mean I get such a a kick
out of doing this every morning
that I'm addicted chocolate yeah
chocolate's addicted food's addictive so
I don't know how far you can take this
um lack of free will I can addict you
thing because if you prove that nobody
has free will well then your whole legal
system is in trouble so we have to at
least pretend we have free
will all right there's a report that uh
Elon Musk is going to host Donald Trump
on the xplat form doing as spaces this
does not indicate that Trump is coming
back to X that would be a whole separate
conversation which I don't think is
happening but my guess is that Trump uh
contractually or at least ethically
can't leave truth social because if he
left truth social all the other
stockholders would get
nailed and I don't think he can do that
ethically but he may also have a
contractual agreement that he can go
back to X because that would be bad for
the platform so he's got uh billions of
dollars at stake in not going back to X
so I wouldn't expect it and it doesn't
seem to make much difference because all
of everything he says on Truth gets
picked up on X
anyway anyway the other uh musk news is
that the xplatform and Linda yako if I'm
saying her name right the uh head of x
uh I've announced going after the
GM I forget what the letters stand for
but that's the big group of people who
allegedly were behind some
anti-competitive Behavior maybe even
Rico it could be so bad in which they
organized boycots of advertisers to
suppress Free Speech say x and musk and
yakar youo now is that something that
really happened was there an
organization that organized to suppress
free speech
yes that is easily approvable public
knowledge they they were an entity we
know all the people we know what they
did for a living we know that they did
organize to take down X we know why it
was because they didn't like the Free
Speech they would say it's
disinformation but of course that's free
speech so and Rumble has uh Rumble CEO
says they've joined in on this um this
could be a really big deal because I
don't see how they could
lose they they have the goods I mean
it's basically public information at
this point so how do they lose that
we'll see but the important thing is
that musk decided to stop trying to play
nice and he's just going to sue a out of
business and just just take take the
piss out of them some people are
wondering why the ADL was not included
in this maybe they'll be included later
but the ADL is part of the uh censorship
B Behavior bad actor
world so uh if if you weren't aware of
how bad the ADL is you should
be I'm sure they've done some good good
things in the past I wouldn't discount
that but at the moment they're more of a
Democrat you know uh attack dog kind of
organization all right let's talk about
the new VP choice for Harris uh Tim
Walls so he got introduced at a big
event and we'll talk about all the
things but the first speaker was Josh
Shapiro who many people including me
believed was already picked to be the VP
choice that turned out to be fake news
which I fell for so if you're keeping
track and you should keep track of how
many times I fall for fake
news but also keep track of how many
times other people fall for it now I I
don't remember remember what language I
used when I talked about it but I talked
about it like it was sort of a done deal
but you know not confirmed officially I
went too far I should have said this is
not a confirmed thing but somebody's
making this claim and here's why so I
think I failed you on detecting that
 so I I present myself as good
at detecting but that one slip
past my
filter so you should first of all hold
that against me
like
literally but you should also look at
the totality of things I predict and
call on and just see how the
total record is one of the claims I
would never make is that I'm always
right in my detection nobody
would make that claim the best you can
do is you know better than other people
I guess you know if you could do it
better than other people you're amazing
I don't know if I do it better than
other people you can be the judge but I
missed that one
so keep that put that on my permanent
bad
record all right so here's what I had
heard about joshiro was say he was a
great orator and he would have been a
stronger um stronger vice
president that he was not chosen and we
have a little disagreement about why uh
some people say it's because he was a
Jewish and the
anti-semitic um population within the
Democrat party made that a problem and
uh as van Jones points out the
anti-Semitism is marbled in to the
Democrat Party which by the way is a
fantastic choice of
words so van Jones so van Jones uh you
know said the anti-Semitism is marbled
in and they need to work on that you
know they're going to have to figure out
how to deal with that I love the honesty
of that um but but and then I think
uh other people you know other
Republicans Etc are saying that they
think that's the reason that he was not
picked is that he's
Jewish
um but then uh the uh let's see the
David Axel rods want us to believe the
real reason he wasn't chosen is that
when he met with Harris he was a little
bit too Alpha and too much I think they
use the term Main character energy
meaning he looks too much like he should
be considered as a future president
because he has too much skill so that he
it would be an uncomfortable fit with
Harris who's maybe not the strongest
political figure we've ever seen and
that maybe he asked for too much power
you know these are all rumored things
that we can't confirm and uh maybe that
it just didn't seem like the right fit
so it could have been a combination of
uh just knowing that the the marbled
anti-Semitism wasn't going to work out
for him and maybe also knowing that he
wasn't quite the right personality fit
and maybe you save him for a future
presidential run which I think would be
the smart play now I had never heard
Josh Shapiro speak and I'd heard
somebody
say in something I completely
dismissed somebody told me he speaks
like
Obama do you know what my reaction to
that was sure
yeah okay yeah he talks like
Obama that that this uh this Jewish guy
from
Pennsylvania is going to sound like
Barack
Obama and I'm supposed to believe
that and so I listen to him talk and I'm
sitting here at home
saying uh he doesn't just talk like
Obama you know he has the The Hope and
change kind of rhetoric you know in that
in that en category I thought that when
people said he sounds like
Obama there was more of a A
vibe and I even thought that the vibe
was a little overselling it it's like no
he doesn't have a he's not gonna have a
Obama Vibe I was so wrong it's not the
vibe he does an impression of Obama he
does an actual verbal
impression where if you were listening
at home and nobody told you it was Josh
Shapiro you would actually think it was
Obama's voice is an actual impression of
Obama now that do you think he's aware
of
that I I wonder I mean it could be that
he's just a big fan and he was
influenced and you know maybe picked up
some of the techniques and went too far
and it just sounded a little too much
like
Obama but it's so strange to hear him do
an actual impression of Obama now if it
sounds like I'm criticizing that
you're hearing it wrong I'm going to
compliment him on that let me tell you
my secret for becoming a famous
cartoonist if you've never heard me say
this before you know people would ask
early in my career what's the secret of
how you develop this popular cartoon and
I would say honestly I would do my best
job I could of copying good
cartoonists but I would be so bad at an
as an artist that when I tried to copy
other cartoonist
you couldn't tell I was copying them
because I wasn't good at copying but
because I took something from those
other cartoonists when I tried to copy
them and maybe combined a few of them
that I liked into my copying it looked
original yeah if you look at the dilber
characters and then you look at Sergio
Aragon's work in Mad Magazine he would
draw the little Mexican guys with the
Mexican hats in the margins of Mad
Magazine when when I was a kid a million
years ago if you look at the far side
the characters have no necks like dilber
characters yeah I was just copying those
two guys basically Gary Larson and
Sergio aragones but if you look at
Dilbert you'd say what it doesn't look
like you copied anything it's because
I'm a bad copier so being a bad copier
of somebody who is extraordinary is a
really smart thing to do so I'm not
criticizing in Shapiro
whatsoever if he can if he can do an
impression of Obama and he can nail it
and people would like to Obama say I
like what he's saying I don't know why I
like it it's reminding me of something
but it makes me feel good it's brilliant
so I would really worry about Shapiro if
you're a conservative and you're worried
about future elections he does have the
goods he absolutely has the goods even
though he's
copying perfectly acceptable technique I
I don't have anything bad to say about
that anyway uh he was a clear Superior
choice I can see why he was a little too
strong um I favor the combination
explanation it probably had something to
do with anti-Semitism and it probably
had something to do with he's too strong
a character probably both so so then uh
KL Harris did her long introduction then
she introduced to wals and here's what I
saw
I thought both of them looked
drunk now I I can't confirm I mean I
don't know that they bibed anything but
they acted
drunk they they did the Laughing
uncontrollably about nothing that was
especially
funny and the weird thing is that
wals tried to paste and copy K Harris
now that's a bad
idea so when K Harris is is on stage and
he's standing behind her waiting to be
introduced she goes into a cackle it
looked drunk to me
like and then and then uh her vice
president pick standing behind her
walls he imitates her cackle and he does
this completely unnatural looking over
laugh in the background like you go what
is wrong with him is that his normal
laugh or is he actually CAU C in it
looked like he was just pacing her you
know matching her so he was matching her
energy so she went into drunk cackling
he went into drunk cackling it was the
weirdest thing to see so then she slurs
slurs her slurs away foodish speech like
that to me it sounded
drunk um and then the weird thing is
that while she was talking after he did
an impression of K Harris cackling he he
goes into a spontaneous impression of
Joe Biden's vacant brain dead look did
you see it I have to take my glasses off
to do it but I'm going to give you an
impression of a face that he settled
into while KL Harris was talking that he
didn't even look like a living human
being what the hell was that all right
here's the
face what is that
his his mouth just like you know went
open like Hillary Clinton looking at the
balloon drop but with the the Dead face
that uh Biden has I mean I swear to God
it looked like he was channeling Biden
up there looking like he was had
Dementia or something and then he
snapped out of it when when he gave his
talk he was actually very good so if I'm
going to judge him as a public speaker
A+ good good good good public speaker
and I wouldn't I wouldn't discount his
his capability as a politician very
strong but weird weird as
hell
um so that so we've got Shapiro Ben or
Josh Shapiro who is channeling Obama
then you've got Tim wals who's
channeling Harris and then he's back
there channeling Biden you really don't
know what you're getting do you
there's no way to know what you're
getting because they just seem to be
copying each other and pretending and
playing some kind of weird characters
and of course her policies have all
changed you know Harris has reversed her
policies so you don't know her policies
her personality you don't know if she's
drunk or sober you haven't heard her
talk and answer questions yeah the the
key is the less you know about them the
better they'll
do um then we did learn that wals is a
giant liar which makes him perfect for
campaign
he you he just lied a b bunch of
about JD Vance now the whole JD Vance
lie about having sex with a couch that's
not based on any real thing that that he
ever said or did uh well as far as we
know but do you think that um wal is not
aware that that's fake do you think he's
not aware well I think he's aware and
and I think that um both sides do this
it's what I call recreational beliefs
meaning there's some stuff that you just
throw to your base because they want to
pretend they believe it you know Trump
does the same thing and I would say
that's a recreational belief so if you
get yourself all caught up and trying to
debunk it like that's not true you're
lying about that couch well you're sort
of being pulled into their trick because
if you're talking about whether he did
or did not f a couch you're not really
promoting your
side so it's basically draining your
energy away into something ridiculous
that doesn't matter and they don't
believe so debunking it doesn't make any
difference
anyway all
right
um he's being sold by the uh the left as
having Midwestern folksy values so
they're all trying to paint them as this
Midwestern
he's the most ordinary not left kind of
guy but of course he has a number of
views and policies that are really left
so he does cover a span he's apparently
okay with the NRA or let me say it a
different way the NRA actually gave him
a good vote for being pro uh gun so he's
a gun owner he's been in the
military um looks like he's a hunter I
think
so he's good on guns and he's got that
Midwestern stuff but he's got a lot of
stuff we'll talk about that's not so
Midwestern ordinary
stuff all right um to me the funniest
thing last night was watching the what
I'll call the anti-white pundits mostly
on CNN trying to say how excited they
were about this old white
guy cuz I don't think they were excited
about an old white guy but they had had
to act like they were and watching them
struggle to come up with words that kind
of were
supportive but didn't really reveal you
know kind of hiding what their real
feelings were so it was really funny
watching them try to navigate
that anyway um and then some some are
saying that wals was selected so they
could get the white male
vote all right I'd like to talk to my
white male viewers
here how many people think that they
would vote for commel Harris because she
picked a white guy to be vice
president is there even one person in
the entire United States who would say
you know I didn't know who to vote for
but because I'm racist this is not me
I'm I'm doing an impression of somebody
else because of a person might say that
because they're
racist they they're really happy that KL
Harris has a white white man picked as
her vice president so in order to feel
better the alleged racists would vote
for the brown
woman so they could have a vice
president who was like them there are
zero white people who would do that
there's not a single I don't think one I
don't think you could get one person in
the United States who would say you know
I'm a white man and I was a little
uncomfortable with k Harris but now that
she's got a vice president who agrees
with her on
everything now I I'm convinced I'm going
to go for that package so I don't know
is there something wrong with the
pundits or are white men especially
completely misunderstood in this country
who would really think that that would
change anybody's
vote it's kind of jaw-dropping that that
that's even a possible
conversation anyway no he's not going to
change anybody's vote because he's white
he not lose some votes but it's not
going to gain him
any all right
so um so we're going to be struggling
over the question of whether he's super
lefty or middle of the road the
Democrats want to paint him as middle of
the
road uh I think he insists he's a
moderate
directly insist that all right but here
are some of the things he's been accused
of I don't know how many of these are
true some of these may be on a context
we'll learn later but these are the
attacks that are coming against them
that he waited three days before
deploying the deploying the National
Guard to quash the BLM riots so he is
being accused of being a little too
favorable to the riers and not having
the right empathy for his own State when
he could have stopped it sooner but of
course of course he'd have an argument
you know maybe the bringing in the
military would have caused more trouble
I don't know he has some argument for
that but uh the people who live there
are not too happy that for three days
they had to endure the rioting when he
could have stopped as sooner they
think apparently he created a covid
snitch line so that again you might find
that the contexts for all these are a
little bit
lacking uh cuz these are accusations so
don't assume any of these are true or
completely in context but it's just what
the attacks are so you had a covid
snitch line they say so you could turn
in your neighbor for being not
vaccinated I don't even know if I
believe that at
all I mean it sounds like something
somebody would have done but so that
sounds
terrible um some say he's doubling down
on drugs and surgeries for kids and
teens yeah so he would be a little Pro
too much prot transitioning for children
that would be a a complaint about him uh
he has allegedly got a DUI when he was
30 and part of his excuse was that he
lost his Hearing in the military so he
didn't hear the
siren I don't think anybody believes
that or he didn't see it or something
um then the the worst one is that he was
in the National Guard for years
but when the Iraq war broke out he
suddenly decided that was a good time to
retire claiming that he had always plan
to do it about then and run for politics
but the people who did not retire and
stayed in and got deployed to Iraq are
saying something more along the lines of
you freaking turd uh you have no loyalty
you know we all got deployed you left
and again is there some more context to
that that I don't know
maybe maybe I would say for all of these
all of these attacks you should ask
yourself am I missing any context these
might not all be
true and let's see he us pro-abortion
without restrictions which makes
conservatives say that he's going to let
babies born alive and let them die after
they're alive I think there might be
some context to that
missing uh but I don't like get into the
abortion question because I think that's
for women to work out not for
me all right apparently he created Timol
created a Dei Council as soon as he got
into the daily wire is saying this as
soon as he got into office saying that
America was systemically racist and he
pushed the uh diversity equity and
inclusion thing really
far and uh to me of course that's
completely
disqualifying completely
disqualifying
uh yeah we'll talk about that I'm seeing
a comment about me on
there um then there's this weird video
of after he gave his speech that his
wife came on stage this is Tim ws and
she comes up to him and how do you greet
your wife when you're a political
candidate who's just been shoes to the
world and you're standing on stage and
she comes up and everybody's clapping
and celebrating what would be the
typical way you'd greet your
wife well I'm no politician but I would
think something like a kiss on the lips
you know unless there was some maybe
maybe some lipstick issue going on there
maybe at least on the side of the face
uh a hug you real deep hug something
like that uh he chose a handshake
he shook hands with his
wife then she went in for the
hug and and he gave her the no naughty
bits hug if you if you ever hug somebody
who definitely didn't want your
sexuality to be part of the
hug and and they just do the the leanin
hug where the only part that's touching
is the top of your chests it's like not
even breasts it's just like the top of
your chest touches a little a little bit
but your your groin area is 2 feet apart
because you're both leaning in that's
how that's how he hugged his wife after
he shook her
hand what the hell is going on
there I don't know all right the other
big thing is that he's uh he's big on
China um oh he also signed a bill
redefining the term sexual
orientation to include pedophiles
so what that means is that uh there was
a bill in his state to prohibit
discrimination based on sexual
orientation but under his administration
they included sexual orientation to
include pedos so that you could not
discriminate against somebody for being
a
pedophile all right
okay anyway um now I I'm just going to
say that loud he gives
me a feeling that I don't have any
evidence
for I just get a feeling from him now I
heard from other people that they got
the same
Vibe and I don't have any you know
information that would suggest that any
of this is true I just say he gives me
kind of a kind of a
Vibe so he's been a teacher and a and a
coach so he's chosen careers that put
him in contact with
children and uh he just has a Vibe about
him so that's that's my only statement
is he has a Vibe I will note
that um it seems like the Deep State
really really prefers people they can
blackmail now again I don't have any
evidence of that and I don't have
evidence that he has anything he could
be blackmailed for none
whatsoever but keep keep an eye on that
because it just seems like a weird
coincidence that so many people in
politics look like well that's exactly
the list of people I would think would
be most black mailable and yet they seem
to have these prominent roles so I don't
know I just keep an eye on it um now wal
also has this weird China connection
he's allegedly been to China 30 times I
don't know if that's confirmed he uh
worked there so he worked there for a
time um teaching I guess around
children and he honeymooned there who
honeymoons in China if you've been there
dozens of
times does that make sense does that
sound like your romantic honeymoon
destination well I mean he's got a
strong connection to China so maybe it
made s
St but here's the thing we can know for
sure we know that wall has a strong
connection to China I'll say connection
because he's been there so many times
and he's worked there strong connection
and then he set up some kind of a
student Exchange program when he was in
America to so Americans and I think
Americans can go
there so there's that so he loves he
seems to have some strong connection to
China and you would think that China
would really appreciate that wouldn't
you if you were China wouldn't you love
to have an American vice president who
could become president someday wouldn't
you love that he had a strong connection
to your country well I think you would I
mean that would be a lot safer than
somebody who
didn't and we also know that China
controls Tik
Tock we also know that Tik Tok has
something called a heat
button which if you push it it makes
something Trend more obviously so you
can basically control the brains of
Americans Young Americans mostly by any
little tweak to Tik Tock and we know it
literally brainwashes people you know
you can see on X people are being uh
well on the meta on The Meta platform
there's a lawsuit because it's addictive
addictive and persuasive are pretty
closely related if there's some
information Source that's addictive I
can tell you in advance it's persuasive
Scott there's a thing that's addictive
everybody can't stop looking at it do
you think it's
persuasive
yes yes obviously super super persuasive
I don't have to study it if you're
addicted to it it's persuasive there's
no way around that there's no way
there's no way you could be addicted to
it and not be persuading you that's not
a
thing
so we have no information that would
suggest that China has told Tik Tock to
push any
buttons we just know that they have a
gigantic National interest in it in you
know controlling thoughts in America we
know they have the
ability because they can simply tell
them to push the button now let me
describe it the way I described it in
the man cave the other
day the CEO of Tik Tock says no they
don't tell me what to do that might be
true
that it might be true that they don't
tell them anything directly about what
to do but everybody knows what to do
indirectly don't they is there anybody
who works at Tik Tok who doesn't know
what China as a country would prefer to
see more of versus what they'd like to
see less of of course they know so if
there were people who just worked at Tik
Tok who had any control over the
algorithm they don't need to be told
what to do they just know what to do but
if I were China here's how I'd be
controlling Tik Tock I would say to the
CEO hey CEO we don't want to control you
do whatever you want but we'd like you
to meet all the leaders of China so you
really really know what they look like
you know we want to be kind of close to
you so that might be
enough but even if the CEO wants to have
deniability no they never told me to do
anything I've never anything for him
which would be good to to keep that
deniability here's what I would do if I
were Chinese intelligence
service I would make sure that I became
friends with the top engineers at Tik
Tok I would have lunch with them I would
give them uh favors I would connect them
with people that could help them and I
would make sure that the
engineers knew that doing what Chinese
intelligence wants is really good for
them and if they don't do what Chinese
intelligence wants it's really bad for
them and then Chinese intelligence has
dinner with their favorite engineer from
Tik Tock and says you know there's these
people running for office in
America one of them really likes China
he's been here 30 times it'd be great
for China if that guy got elected do you
hear me
engineer uh yeah I hear you're saying
this guy's good for China right and uh
do you still control the algorithm well
yeah I mean I could I just have to push
that button would anybody know if you
push the
button well if I push the actual button
on the user interface yes it would be
logged but if I just do it with code
within the system with a little tweak
it'd be the same as the heat button but
it wouldn't be logged and nobody would
ever be able to prove I did it huh well
it sure would be good if something like
that
happened so
if you imagine that Tik Tok is not
controlled at a detailed level by China
I don't know it feels
naive so we have a situation where the
polls we know are going to be close on
Election
Day and they will be close enough that
let's say a 2% swing would certainly
determine the race because remember 2%
is not just added to one group it's
subtracted from the other so a 2% swing
is a a 4% differ you get that so could
Tik Tock cause a 2% swing in votes yeah
easily easily and not just by Tik Tok
because Tik Tok content gets onto other
services Etc so yes so we've actually
given the vote to
China just let that sink
in China can move the election 2% with
Tik Tock guaranteed there's no there's
no question that they could do that all
they have to do as want to and then Tik
Tok will do it I assume because Tik Tok
doesn't want to you know deal with
Chinese intelligence hating them so if
American if American social media except
for X um folded like you know a cheap
chair when American FBI and CIA wanted
it to do stuff what do you think happens
in
China you know if the CIA wants you to
do stuff you're going to feel like
you're really to do it even if they
don't threaten you but what happens if
Chinese intelligence asks you to do it
and you're a Chinese owned company or
controlled you're really really going to
think you need to do it so China
basically has the vote now so the
Chinese vote will determine who the uh
president is so good on
that well here's a fun recreational
belief getting back to science a little
bit and the nature of reality so
somebody called
not somebody called this is his actual
name somebody
called somebody with a name J Anderson
from the Project
Unity is talking about some experiment
in which they put plants in a darkened
room where the there would be a light
source that would randomly go to
different quadrants and it was
completely randomized so it' just be a
plant put in one corner but it wouldn't
get light at all
except randomly as that light would be
lit up in different places but mostly
the light was where there was no plant
because there was a room with mostly
empty but one little plant what they
found was allegedly remember this is a
recreational belief I can't prove it's
real allegedly the randomized light
would start in a statistically
measurable way favoring the plant with
no human involvement in other words
random stuff starts becoming less random
if there's a living thing in the
mix and the idea is that even plants
might be able to collapse
reality so you know the experiments uh
like schro Schrodinger's cat Etc so that
quantum physics says you need an
observer or it might be a device that's
measuring something but if you don't
measure it or observe
it the reality stays in the super impo
superposition of neither yes nor no or
up nor down has to be observed and then
it becomes
reality well
apparently there's some suggestion that
a plant can do
that now here's how this fits into my
model of the world being a simulation if
the world is a simulation can you
control it and I think you can by having
a clear idea of what it is you want
which is one of the explanations for
Elon
Musk I think Elon Musk always has a very
clear idea of what he wants and he
collapses reality in that
direction and I think the clearer your
idea and the harder you think it the
more likely it's going to collapse in
your direction reality that is now my
life as I've told you many times is so
weird so
insanely unlikely
but it also followed a path that I
determined when I was six years old when
I was six years old I said I'm going to
become a famous
cartoonist and I never I never altered
from wanting it but there was a period
of my life I didn't think it was
possible but I always wanted it and it
was always a really clear image of what
it was and what it would look like and
it happened exactly the way I met
exactly and I can't explain that and
then you know my entry into politics had
the same Oddity about it that it just
didn't look like it could have happened
on its own it looks like I'm authoring
the
simulation so maybe the plant is
authoring the
simulation and maybe you are
too maybe all of us are and that the the
act of affirmations where you really
focus on what you want and you repeat it
or write it down 15 times a day that all
that does is make sure that you have a
clear view of what you want like a plant
has a clear desire for sun there's no
ambiguity about what the plant wants if
wanting is a thing right it wants more
light I wanted to be a cartoonist Elon
Musk wanted to make an electric car
wanted to go to
Mars all right there's a former NASA
scientist who's doing a bunch of
experiments to find out if we do live in
a simulation Thomas Campbell
so he's designed
experiments to find out if our reality
is more like a video game and see Vicky
ver on X is reporting on this and he's
got uh say his experiments include a new
spin on the double slit
experiment so I don't know the details
but allegedly he's got a way to test
whether we live in a
simulation how do you think that's going
to
go I have no idea how that's going to go
but the the idea that we live in a
simulation just keeps getting stronger
and stronger and that we don't have free
will in the normal
sense um well here's my final evidence
that we live in a
simulation you ready for
this this really happened so the vice
presidential pick is Tim
Walls you know that so this created a
situation where I swear this is true
it puts president Trump or Donald Trump
ex president Trump in the position of
opposing
walls come
on Trump the most famous builda wall guy
in the
world has to run against a wall or walls
he's opposing walls come on how did that
happen on its
own how about musk is suing a bunch of
companies in that advertising space
where I I mentioned that garm so A bunch
of advertisers are part of that one of
the advertisers that's
mentioned uh that he's specifically
suing through X is the Mars company they
make candy Mars Bars and
stuff so Elon Musk is suing
Mars you tell me we're not living in the
simulation Trump is Trump is running
against
walls Elon Musk is suing
Mars and the assassination attempt
against
Trump involved somebody named cheel
trying to stop somebody named Crooks and
you don't trust either of
them how how is this
real I mean
seriously th this just all happened by
itself
I don't know I'm having a real hard time
believing any of this is happening
accidentally because it looks exactly
like a dream I might have it's way like
a dream I might
have anyway there's a whole bunch of new
allegations about the Georgia 2020
election and I don't want to get you
know Kraken meaning to get ahead of
myself and say it's been proven there's
a bunch of election irregularities that
have been proven it's the Kraken cuz I
think the Kraken was always a
trap I I think that if there's real
election
irregularity the way to hide it is to
come up with a fake Kraken give somebody
important like Sydney Powell to believe
it have her say it in public and then
when it all falls apart you can say
everything else was a kraken
too so to me the Kraken always looked
like an intelligence play to destroy the
people were too close to the real
problem if there is
one but you should know that uh there's
a big video of a whole bunch of citizens
doing a public event in which they made
many claims of detected fraud or
irregularities in the Georgia election I
don't have an opinion about
the um quality of any of that evidence
because again you don't want to fall for
a
kraken but there's a lot of it and it
sure sounds persuasive but remember the
Kraken sounded persuasive at one time
too so there's tons of evidence we just
don't know the quality of it it's hard
to say independently then I saw a post
by
George uh he goes by he's he's had an
account beisy tweets good follow but it
just goes by the name George anyway he
says the Georgia state election board
has passed a new rule allowing observers
inside tabulation centers during this
upcoming
election
[Music]
so that wasn't a thing before are you
saying that we didn't have observers in
the tabulation centers and that
something could have gone wrong in the
tabulation centers and there were no
observers but now we do have observers
or at least they'll be legal
huh well that's interesting do you think
the Republicans are going to find
anything as they are more carefully
watching this
election
maybe there's a new lawsuit America
First
legal has got a lawsuit to sue Maricopa
County Arizona for refusing to remove
illegal aliens from their voter roles
out of the election now why in the world
would they refuse to do
that the only reason I can think of is
that they want to use illegal votes to
get their way
why else would they refuse to do it if
they had a list of all the people who
were not legal voters and they had a
list of all the people on their voting
roles it's not the biggest job in the
world to subtract you know one list from
another list programmatically but they
have so maybe there's more to the
context of this but they
refused and uh they're they're blatantly
defying their own state law because the
state law mandates them to purge
ineligible voters and they're just going
to keep the illegal aliens apparently on
the
roles so in other words it looks like
exactly they are planning to cheat in
Arizona we know how they're planning to
cheat they're showing you that they're
not going to change it they're going to
disobey their own law and it looks a lot
like they're planning to steal the
election don't know for sure but it sure
looks like
it well here's the good news Lara Trump
um she said uh that they do have pole
Watchers pole workers and legal experts
will be everywhere votes are cast
encountered and she says do you want to
help so if you'd like to be part of the
Watcher group uh the URL to go to would
be protect thee. comom so any of you who
want to be like onsite and watching for
irregularities I think uh Lara's team
will probably offer some guidance or
training there and it's called
protectthe
vote.com so here's
my here's my take on
this I
think Republicans are going to uncover
massive fraud only because they know
where to look for it and they'll find it
I mean I think we can expect they'll
find just all kinds of stuff the
whatever was happening in Georgia
whether it was rigged or not I don't
have proof either way
I think there's good evidence to show
that things were deleted they shouldn't
have been
deleted and that you know there's a lack
of forthcoming this in some cases so
there's something going on let's just
say that if you can't if you can't smell
the smoke of some erection election
erection election
irregularities I don't think you're
paying
attention I don't think you're paying
attention there's something deeply wrong
with our elction
they are not
auditable which is all you need to know
they're not fully auditable so when
people say something got audited or
double checked or counted they're
usually looking at a very some very
narrow thing that wouldn't tell you at
all whether the election was rigged or
not it would just tell you if that very
narrow thing was done right so for
example they could recount they could
recount mailin votes and then they would
call that an audit but what if half of
the mill in votes were from people
ineligible well they wouldn't check if
they were eligible they would just
recount them and say look we counted
them right the first time second count
matches I guess we're good nobody found
any fraud and then the legal system
would say wait wait wait we did find
some fraud and they take it to the
courts and the courts say well it's too
late or too little or you don't have a
standing we don't want to deal with
it but if uh if Laura Trump has done
what I think she has done
she has trained the Watchers to really
find the good stuff to know where to
look if they do find the good stuff or
even if they alleg they found the good
stuff there's no way the election is
going to get certified so I'm going to
double down on my uh election prediction
that there won't be one there will be
voting but I don't believe that the
country is uh sufficiently organized and
honest enough to produce a result that
we could even
verify so somehow we're going to have to
pick a president but I think the vote
will be ignored no matter which way it
goes I guess if the Democrats get their
way they're more likely to try to push
ahead but I don't know I think the
election will be so non-credible
probably both
ways that we're just going to have to
figure out what to
do and all right so let me talk about
the messaging from Harris and then Trump
all right so the Democrats have pushing
the Trump's going to steal your
democracy which I don't think anybody
understood so Harris quite smartly uh
tried to redefine that in a recent
interview in which he said well you know
rather than thinking about it as
stealing your
democracy uh there would be more
accurate to think of it as stealing your
freedoms that Trump would try to take
your
freedoms so now you might ask what
freedoms what freedom is Trump trying to
take and here are the actual answers
because Harris has you know now listed
the
freedoms so one is the freedom control
your own bodies when which he means
birth control and
abortion Trump's view is he doesn't want
to have anything to do with that stuff
so Trump's official policy is I don't
want to be involved in making any laws
about anything I don't want to stop
birth control of any kind the morning
after pill or anything else and I don't
want to be involved in decisions about
abortion I want the states to do that
now given that every state has at least
half of the men in favor of
abortion right it's it's even more than
that usually but at least half of the
men are in favor of abortion that means
that if women are in favor of it by
majority there's a 100% chance they'll
get
it voting still sort of matters so women
have complete control in the states they
just have to organize and convince each
other so women will you stop pretending
that men have anything to do with this
convince women if if women by let's say
80% majority wanted abortion in their
states and 50% of the men were on that
side too
they could stop anybody from getting
elected anybody they could stop their
funding that that would be such an
overwhelming advantage on one of the top
issues that they could kind of get
anything they wanted it won't happen
right
away so if Democrats are complaining
that the end of row verse Wade created a
situation where a third of the states I
guess um can't get the abortions that
they want I would say for the people who
wanted those abortions that's very bad
in the short run I think you have to
admit that no matter where you are on
the topic but in the long run women have
complete control of their bodies because
they have complete control of the
elections they just have to be on the
same side if women are not in the same
side why are you complaining to the rest
of us it's definitely women have to
decide
first and then maybe try to convince the
rest of us but if women can't
decide um although I think women are
like 2/3 four for abortion in the United
States so my argument about that is that
women have full control of their own
bodies they just haven't executed on
that
control um haris says you want the
freedom to love openly and whoever you
want openly and with pride to which I
say which freedom is
that that's not a freedom you want do
you want anybody to be able to express
any form of love
I think you'd want to protect the
children a little better wouldn't you
what about
beastiality now here I'm not
comparing lgbtq to beastiality so don't
don't try to do that to me I'm not these
are not similar things not similar I'm
just saying the
statement can we can we allow everybody
to love who they want with pride if
somebody wants to have sex with farm
animals should I respect it again I'm
not comparing that to being gay this
these are not comparable things I'm just
saying this is a pretty big
statement and I would say the answer to
that is conservatives mostly just want
to be left alone conservatives don't
care what you do behind your closed
door they might think it's a
sin but they're not going to try to stop
you from doing it it's your business
conservatives want to be left alone but
they also want to leave you alone behind
closed
doors so that one just seems
dumb and I don't think conservatives
want to be forced to celebrate anybody
else's love choices and I don't think
conservatives want to be told that
anybody should have pride about who they
love how about you just love who you
love and you could be proud about it but
why should I be proud of
it why am I proud of your gay
kid I I might like your gay kid I might
have complete respect for every human
being and all their different choices
because we're all infinitely different I
I'll definitely have that but why do I
have to be proud about it why is anybody
proud about it how about it just is it
just is you don't have to be proud about
it you don't have to be mean about it
you don't have to try to stop it how
about it just is and everybody's
different
and we just have to live in that world
where everybody's different and maybe if
we just left each other alone a little
bit more that'd be
great so no I think that's dumb um she
says also freedom from gun violence okay
that's a made up and stupid right um and
first of all nothing that the left is
doing is compatible with reducing
violence the left wants to defund the
police they supported riots they don't
want cash bail they want open board
orders they're pushing Dei and every
other kind of racial division there's no
evidence no
evidence that the left wants to reduce
violence it looks like they want to
increase it so that's a dumb argument
and it also ignores the fact that guns
can protect you from a
dictatorship they also talk about
freedom to have access to a
ballot okay we're still waiting for the
first human being ever to say I'd like
to vote but I've been prevented from
doing
it none we we haven't met the alleged
black Citizen who can't get an ID to
vote none not a single black person ever
in an interview or on TV or anybody
you've ever met or anybody you talk to
any of your friends any of your
co-workers not a single black person has
ever said you know what I'd love to vote
but I can't figure out how to get an ID
no
and yet they're selling that like it's a
thing
none
anyway so I think those are ridiculous
madeup rights it's the whole thing is
just complete garbage doesn't look like
anything that professionals came up with
you know I sometimes say hey this looks
like professional persuasion that
doesn't look professional that looks
like people who are writing some kind of
college essay they said all right write
a college essay on how um Trump is uh
let's say stealing your freedoms and
then you go in and you're like all right
academically can I make an argument that
he's stealing my freedoms by making
everything the opposite of what it is
and ignoring the context over here yeah
it just seemed like some weird
academic thing it's not persuasive it's
just kind of dumb but maybe it works for
Democrats I don't know
well um one of the
so-called oh here's the let's talk about
Trump messaging so Trump said that the
Harris walls ticket will turn America
communist immediately I don't think the
Communist attack lands at
all because every time I hear it even
even I you know I'm on Trump's side but
when I hear him call the other side
communist I think what in what way
do they do they want the government to
control all the means of
production like do I not understand what
a communist is do they want a
dictator I I don't understand it at all
now if they had said
socialism then that's a problem too
because when I hear socialism I say you
mean like every modern country where
there are some programs to take care of
the people who can't take care of
themselves you mean socialism so the
trouble is that that neither socialism
nor communism really works too well as
an attack I think maybe it's just good
for your own base but the Bas is already
with you so I don't know it feels like
wasted words to me there there's so many
things that they could
attack that going for communist just
makes everybody here go well I don't I
don't know I don't see
that and I don't think anybody knows
what Marxism is you know maybe two% of
the country knows even what Marxism is
so that doesn't work too well so all of
those you're a liberal you're a Marxist
you're a
communist I don't see any of that
messaging being
effective whereas I would see I can help
the economy I can keep you on a
war I can keep them from putting you in
jail those feel like real things so I'd
like to see more of
that so one of uh you remember Trump had
these so-called fake electors one of
them just pleaded guilty to a single
reduced charge so those cases are still
ongoing so it was Lena no lorine pelo
she was an Arizona 2020 uh so-called
fake elector but here's what she pleaded
guilty to or pleed guilty to um a single
misdemeanor charge of presentment of a
false instrument for
filing does that sound real to you if
the alternate
electors um thought they had a case
meaning that they believed that there
was nothing illegal about registering as
an alternate elector which the left
would call fake electors if they didn't
know that any of that was illegal they
wouldn't have been aware that their
documents were illegal
anyway so I feel like this is a little
bit of lawfare and maybe Lorraine
peligrino just took the plea
because it got out of all all penalties
basically didn't have to go to jail
didn't have to be on any kind of program
so I think there was just some some kind
of unsupervised release and it's just a
misdemeanor so who knows if any of that
actually happened was a real law but it
looks like maybe the law just forces
people to take the plea and get out of
there so I don't know how any of that
could have been illegal now we also know
that ex Trump attorney J Ellis reached
some kind of cooperation agreement with
law
enforcement so that could be interesting
we'll see if anything comes out of
that meanwhile another member of the
so-called Squad in Congress uh lost in a
primary so Squad member Corey Bush lost
her primary so she will be out of
Congress and she was allegedly attacked
with heavy spending by pro-israel
groups so so do you think that
pro-israel
groups um took her
out it looks like it if if the money
made the difference and they put in a
lot of money
maybe could be that she was just bad at
her job and it didn't take much
money there's a story that says the
Harris walls team is trying to pay
influencers to say good things and do
interviews and stuff for Harris and
there's some uh dou umentation that
shows that that's the case but uh some
of that may be a response to the fact
that we we heard that Baron Trump young
Baron Trump is the one who had some
connection to that Aiden Ross guy from
kick who did the 100 million views thing
with Trump in the Cyber truck Etc so
Baron Trump might turn into a a player
you know meaning his instincts might be
really good and who knows maybe he's a
future
present who
knows um so Jessica tarlo on the five
yesterday brought up the drinking bleach
Oaks and she got fact checked hard by
Greg Gutfeld who was there to tell her
Trump never said drink any
bleach nor did he say inject bleach and
here's the real thing here's the funny
thing she acted like she didn't know
that
that and I thought that she was kind of
smart she just had you know different
priorities and you know different
political views but you would have to be
kind of stupid to know that was not a
hoax or to if you didn't know it was a
hoax that's kind of stupid here's how
you should know that's a
hoax nobody would say
that that's it you don't even have to
research it nobody would say that do you
know how I know that
um well I mean basically it's it's a
good test if you just say to yourself
would any human ever say
that and if the answer is no nobody
would ever say
that that's your answer you don't have
to you don't have to look into
it
um so that was fascinating I I thought
she was a lot smarter than that but she
proved that she
is not terribly smart if you literally
if you literally believe that Trump
suggested injecting bleach or drinking
bleach I don't know how you explain that
except low IQ I don't could could you be
that
hypnotized I don't know meanwhile
America First legal is uh doing good
stuff again so they went after that
Brennan Clapper Intel community they're
calling it um in which they were trying
to do this whole of government approach
to silence political descent so these
two ex top Intel people in the United
States were part of an organized
Democrat program to make sure that Free
Speech was limited that's a real thing
it's just
amazing that that's
real so anyway uh America First legals
after him
they publicly released all the documents
from that uh committee so uh and that
they they obtained that in litigation so
there's going to be
litigation here are some updates on
other things there scitec daily has a
story that uh if you add dopamine to a
Alzheimer's patient it almost
immediately helps so Japanese
researchers have discovered that
dopamine treatments could alleviate
Alzheimer's symptoms
because it promotes production of
something and
uh so I guess they've uh tested in mice
and they've got you know good hope that
it might work in humans but they haven't
tested yet
now here's another one where you could
have asked
Scott um I believe I've told you on live
stream that dopamine is implicated not
just in making you happy because that's
how we usually think of it
but it's a it's a
motion it it creates activity in your
body if you don't have dopamine you'll
just sit there you won't get up your
brain will say I should get up you just
won't do it if you don't have dopamine
so um I knew from one of my smartest
friends a while ago that dopamine could
be treated with a I'm sorry that
Alzheimer's could be treated with a
dopamine like treatment that's what L
Doopa is lopa is has you know an
existing treatment for
Alzheimer's because they thought
dopamine would help so this is new
research and maybe they got a deeper
understanding of it but yeah it's
dopamine dopamine is what the
Alzheimer's people
need anyway so I was thinking of
Parkinson's actually I think I was I was
uh I was conflating Parkinson's with
Alzheimer's in my bad explanation to
what's happening but I do think that
generally speaking uh dopamine is C is
sort of a necessary component for all of
your
functioning so I'll I'll broaden that
and try to correct what I just said
wrong because I was think I was thinking
of Parkinson's when I said L Doopa but
if you think that your muscles need um
dopamine is it any surprise that your
brain
does I I feel like you could have just
guessed that without doing this
study anyway here's a Venezuela update
the madur regime is trying to Jail the
opposition leaders of course I guess
that's what happens when he win happened
in the United States so why wouldn't it
happen in
Venezuela uh Hamas has picked a new
Chief because the somebody and maybe it
was Israel uh assassinated the head of
Hamas so now the new head is their
uh head of their Terror group previously
so you've heard of him
y Yaya
sinir so they took the worst terrorist
leader within Hamas and promoted him to
be the actual head of humas because that
guy got
assassinated
now let's talk peace
huh have you seen any of the uh
interviews with Palestinians after
October
I've seen a number of uh interviews on
the street kind of thing where somebody
will say all right uh was October 7th
Justified and every person I saw
interviewed everyone said oh yeah
totally
justified and then they would be asked
do you think a two-state solution could
work and every one of them says no no no
there's no two-state solution there's a
one-state solution
and their one state solution is Israel
goes away
now am I getting accurate information
meaning these Street interviews are they
intentionally editing out the
Palestinians who say something like yeah
we just need our two states and we can
live next to each other and everything
will be fine we just need to stop
fighting you know we'll we'll try to
we'll try to get the Hamas people to
settle down a little bit we'll work on
that on our side maybe you could work on
you know your side and we'll get
together nothing like
that now so I have a question whether
I'm being
brainwashed because it would be a good
brainwashing technique to do all these
people in the street interviews and just
Ed edit out anybody who was for peace
and then you would get the impression
that there would be no point in even
talking to the Palestinians because they
only want to destroy
Israel now it might be true you know
maybe it's like 85 % of the PO I'm just
guessing but what if 85% of the
population wants nothing except the
destruction of
Israel I think that could be the case
but I wouldn't say it based on all the
interviews because you know they're not
reliable but I do think that the
brainwashing among the Palestinians is
probably strong enough and comprehensive
enough that there's nobody in the public
who wants peace they wish they weren't
being shot at and they wish they could
do what they want and they wish Israel
didn't exist and all that but I don't
think they want
peace I don't see any movement to it and
if anybody wants to convince me that the
Palestinians want peace it would be
really useful for somebody on that side
you know a pro Palestinian journalist to
go over there and show me some
interviews of just ordinary people
stopped in the streets who say yes
please we want to end fighting and have
a two-state solution that's you know
living in peace next to each other I
don't know that they
exist do you is is there anybody
watching who's had uh let's say enough
connection with Palestinians who are in
the area who can tell me am I wrong is
there not a single person in the entire
Community who wants peace without
destroying
Israel I don't know that's a pretty big
question isn't
why are we even talking about a peace
deal if we don't know the answer to the
question is anybody in favor of peace is
there even one person in the Palestinian
areas in favor of
Peace haven't seen one yet I I assume
they exist and I assume that I would be
subject to being brainwashed by never
seeing
one so I got a real question about the
brainwashing on that point I'd love to
know what what the real opinion of the
Palestinian people is over
there but I can tell you that if Hamas
is picking uh the sinir guy as their new
leader they have decided that uh October
7th worked and that more terrorism is
more better for them so they're
certainly not looking for peace you you
don't put this guy in charge and say you
know we'll put the the our best
terrorist in charge because Israel is
going to kill that guy Israel has said
in no uncertain terms we're going to
kill that guy do you think if he showed
up to negotiate they wouldn't kill him I
think if he shows up for a negotiation
they could drop a bomb on him because
they've said unambiguously we are going
to kill that guy for
sure there there's no way around it
we're killing that guy so even if he
showed up for some State sanction thing
they' probably just kill him I think
they've got a case for it
anyway and then there's a story that uh
some guy got caught allegedly trying to
arrange assassination attempts in the
United States that would include Trump
and it would be Iran's revenge for Trump
taking out Solomon a and the question I
have about this bill maluan is reporting
on this Fox News and the question I have
is I don't trust this story because the
last thing I want to hear after all that
sketchy social um Secret Service
protection of trump the last thing I
want to hear is oh there's another
country trying to kill Trump so so if we
say that enough and we really do some
things that make it look like another
country is trying to kill Trump if
something happened to Trump well what
would the first thing you would look at
would be these other countries so I'm a
little concerned that we're being
brainwashed about the Iranians trying to
assassinate Trump I'm not saying it's
not
true I'm just saying there might be a
little brainwashing involved on
that well meanwhile Iraq's Parliament is
taking the first step to lower the legal
age of marriage from for girls from
15 wow the legal age of marriage for a
girl in Iraq is
15 uh but they're looking to lower that
to uh nine
nine huh so that would be compatible
with Sharia law I guess so uh good job
Americans for taking over Iraq and and
uh that didn't work out quite the way
anybody
hoped and the last good news is did you
ever wonder why we don't make more
electricity and of waves in the ocean
you know the ocean is continually going
up and down and back and forth why can't
we get electricity from that thing well
it turns out uh there's a megawatt scale
wave project that's might be coming to
realization according to the new Atlas
uh Eco wave so what they do is they put
these uh big floaty things in the water
and as the waves bounce them up and down
the float the there's it's connected to
some levers that create some
electricity so that's cool I would think
that uh you might have the same problem
as the windmills you know the windmills
seem to be killing whales so I'd watch
out for the whales because it's going to
be loud because it's mechanical and it
puts a loud mechanical thing in the
ocean isn't that what the problem with
the windmills was because it was loud
and it was in the ocean that caused the
I don't know the sonar of the whales to
go crazy something like
that all right we talked about
garm lunar powered yeah I guess it would
be in a in a sense it would be a little
bit lunar powered but that's that's not
the only reason they're waves so it's
not so much the uh the tide it doesn't
work on the tide it just sits out in the
ocean because the ocean is just bouncing
up and down with waves so it bounces the
mechanical thing up and down all right
ladies and gentlemen that's all I've got
for you today it was amazing thanks for
joining I got to go do some other stuff
and uh see if I can get insurance from
my house
today I might not be able to all right
um I'm going to say something privately
to the uh people on
locals and uh I'm going say bye to the
rest of you on X and Rumble and YouTube
thanks for joining see you
tomorrow all right locals coming to you
privately right
now
e
e
e
e
e e