[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams yes I did
have technical issues I just had to sign
out and sign back in took me a minute to
figure that out but we're all good now
look at us we're flying
now all right things are looking good if
you'd like to take this experience from
the amazingness that it is up to another
level that you can't even imagine all
you need for that
is a CER a cuper Mugger a glass a tanker
chalice ofstein a canteen jug of flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopam meend of the day the thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous sip but it's going to be
great
go ah
delicious all right should we start with
just the morning
complaining I'm looking looking at the
comments get it out of your system go
ahead
complain I'll just not watch your
comments for a minute while you do that
but uh to begin I'd like to do a warmup
and a a
test um really a demonstration of
Excellence for people who are
new demonstration of amazingness you
ready now this is a little bit of a
group
participation
now if you're new to this I'm going to
give you all a test and what you don't
know is the local
subscribers um privately behind the
subscription wall I train them on person
equation and reading by Body Language
and you know how to program your mind
for success but also how to predict the
future and they're doing it now they're
doing it right now look at that I
haven't even told you the topic and
they're already telling you the answer
they're really doing that by the way
this is really happening if you're new
to this you you see the answers going by
25 27
26 the answer is 24 look how close they
are that's pretty good for predicting
the future does everybody care what the
question
is we they all got the right answer and
by the way in reality they have not
heard the question they don't even know
the domain of the question and they have
the right
answer here's the question according to
a Rasmus and poll what percentage of
likely voters believe Joe Biden is is a
stronger commander-in-chief than most
recent
presidents
24% now is that
impressive everybody on locals knew the
answer before the question was asked and
they legitimately didn't know the
question and they did that right in
front of you live
demonstration yeah if you were if you
were a member of locals you'd know how
this was
done anyway I saw a post by zubie on X
he says uh these days I judge
intelligence partly by how resistant
people are to scops there are quote
smart people who fall for every single
one so I struggle to consider them
intelligent well zie I've got some uh
background information on this when I
was learning hypnosis one of the weird
things that I learned right away is that
that smart people are easier to
hypnotize than dumb
people it's
counterintuitive but the smarter you are
the more likely you'll believe in
ridiculous
things I don't know exactly why but we
had a hypothesis about it and by the way
I don't think it's scientifically tested
but uh anecdotally and in my own
experience the smarter my subject was
the easier they were to hypnotize it was
my experience experience and that's what
we were trained in could have been
confirmation bias but it looked
real and here's the hypothesis of why
smart people are easy to
hypnotize it's because they don't
believe they can be
hypnotized the the smart the smart
people think it isn't possible so their
defenses are down you can just let the
right
in a dumb person as soon as they meet me
they say uh
oh they say I'm dumb this guy seems to
know some weird skill called hypnosis I
I better put up all of my defenses
because I don't know what he's going to
do he's goingon to he's going to
reprogram me into a murder or something
so dumb people put up all their defenses
they're they're actually hard to
hypnotize because they're just full
defense a smart person says oh
I'm not actually going to be hypnotized
you know I'll just go along with the
experiment and you know I'm kind of
curious what will happen and yeah go
ahead do do do your magic yeah do your
little hypnosis see what happens so the
smart people take their put their
defenses down they're totally
programmable so there's no mystery to it
at all if you're a
hypnotist at least that's my
hypothesis well I'm going to take that
as my theme today that uh being smart
does not help you in the understanding
the world and boy do we see a lot of
examples that so thanks subie for my
theme of the
day uh let's see first thing in the
theme Jonathan Turley notes that there's
a reported plan for the Democratic
National Committee and their Allied
groups to try to block third-party
candidates from the 2024 ballot
now at the same time they're trying to
block candidates from the
ballot their rally and cry is save
democracy that's happening at the same
time is it dumb people doing that is it
dumb people who are organizing to keep
third parties off the ballot at the same
time they're saying we got to save
democracy from the
Republicans same people do you think
that the people doing all of these
censorship between 2017 and
2022 do you think that those were all
the dumb
people nope smart people it was smart
people did they think that they were
destroying the world and ruining Free
Speech no no they didn't think
that they were confident in their own
intelligence and that was the problem
they were too confident that they knew
what they were doing and they hadn't
thought it through more on that
later um let's see I'd like to give you
an update on what I call the batshit
crazy woman problem so this is your
batshit crazy woman update let's see are
there any stories in the news today
about batshit crazy women doing stuff
checking okay here's one the Church of
England Arch Deacon who is a uh youngish
woman uh is openly calling for anti-
whiteness so I think Fox News was
reporting that I saw the headline and I
said to myself don't really need to read
the
story I saw the picture so they put a
picture of the bad crazy woman
there so you know it's what what's
really going
on so batshit crazy woman Story number
one Elon mus says the AGI that's the the
form of AI that will be
actually so smart it'll be like a
person as opposed to the current
versions which are more pattern
recognition and impressive in their own
way but they're not what people call um
artificial general intelligence or AGI
so it's not generally intelligent it's
just a pattern
follower now what happens when we
discover that the thing that we think is
human intellig Ence is nothing but
pattern recognition what happens then so
I'm going to bet against Elon
Musk I don't know if I've ever done this
before but I believe there's something I
see that he can't see I believe I have
unique visibility on this issue now of
course he has you know far superior
understanding of AI okay we all agree on
that all right so I'm not going to give
him an opinion that violates his domain
of
expertise because what he knows about AI
is you know million times what I know
but there is one thing I
know which is that human intelligence is
an
illusion if you don't know that
everything's going to get confusing
really fast human intelligence is an
illusion we are not different from the
pattern recognition AI that we have now
to imagine that we will create something
that's smarter than us and that we would
let it run or that we'd even recognize
it as
smart is a leap I can't
make everything I know about human
beings suggests the AGI is um logically
impossible it's not technically
impossible because we'll never it'll
never matter if it's technically
possible it's logically
impossible because we think we're smart
and if we're building something that
matches what we think we are we will
know it's not
smart but we won't know what's the
problem is we'll keep making it like us
because we think we have this
generalized intelligence so we'll keep
we'll keep trying to make it like us and
it'll keep being stupid and we won't be
able to figure out why it falls for Ops
why did why does this super intelligence
keep falling for hoaxes what well same
same reason people do it wouldn't be any
different what happens when an AGI that
we've decided it is so smart it's going
to run the world Falls for a
hoax and you say to yourself well that's
the whole point of it being super
intelligent is it won't fall for the
hoax I'd question that I think a super
intelligent AI would fall for a hoax
easily EAS
easily because everything that makes us
what we are flawed humans with our
flawed intelligence will just be baked
into the model it's going to have the
same same susceptibility to being
hoaxed except we'll believe it because
we'll think ah smarter than us so must
they must have figured this out anyway
keep an eye on that so I'm going to go
against musk's uh prediction he says the
AGI will be by by next
year which is fast a lot of people say
now his prediction and he makes a very
rational um case for it is that we can't
predict things that are changing fast we
can't understand the rate of change
humans can't understand rate of change
it's just basic we can't do that and
that while we see slight progress toward
this
AGI what we don't see is that when it
starts to get faster progress it's going
to be so faster that it's almost instant
so we don't see that the curve is going
to be nothing nothing nothing everything
it's going to happen fast he's right
about that if anything if anything does
happen it'll happen like that he says by
2030 AI will exceed all human
intelligence combined and I disagree
with
that because if he's right the AGI is
achieved by next year and the reason
that he would be let's say predicting
that ahead of other people is because
he's he's predicting that that rate of
change will surprise us wouldn't that
also apply to the 2030 prediction I
think that if AGI actually happened that
it would exceed all human intelligence
combined maybe in a month why would it
take
years if it had access to everything we
have access to I don't know I I think it
would exceed all human intelligence if
it ever
existed right away like it would happen
so fast we wouldn't even know it
happened so I have that's two
disagreements but one is conditional one
is that if he's right about
AGI then he's wrong about how long it
will take to exceed all human
intelligence because it would just be in
my opinion it looks like he's making the
same mistake with the
2030 as he's telling us not to mistake
not to make
with the AGI in in the coming year the
rate of change
issue so anyway um if you're going to
bet on musk or me you should bet on him
he has a better track record of being
right than I
do if I'm going to bet I'd bet on him
but I think it's fun to have the counter
counter prediction up there just to just
to test
it well uh
Nvidia according to unusual account uh
has announced an AI powered Healthcare
agent that can outperform
nurses and would cost you $9 an hour
that's according to Fox News I
guess now if you can hire a
nurse over the
phone or over some digital
mechanism
um for $9 an hour and is better than a
real
nurse would you do do that of course you
would now I have a few points to make
about that point number
one um when anybody asked me for career
advice I don't know what to say
anymore I used to give career advice all
my life you know as soon as things
worked out for me people would always
ask me well how did you do that how' you
how' you become successful without
starting with anything and I would give
them my answers wrote a book about
it but today if somebody said hey Scott
I'm thinking of becoming a
nurse what would I
say would I say well you can try but
they won't need nurses so much as they
might need somebody to change bed
pants because the actual thinking part
of being a nurse as already gone it's
already gone and viia just replaced
it so what would a nurse do I don't I
don't know clean up would a nurse be
like a janitor or just somebody to talk
to that's not a robot what would the
nurse do so I don't even know how to
give any kind of career
advice but more more
importantly I think that our uh range of
prediction has shortened to about six
months meaning that you could probably
predict things in the economy and the
nation raason ably well in 6 months
based on the fact that it won't change
much but anything between 6 months and a
year I don't know that we could predict
anything anymore we certainly don't know
what's going to happen with the election
that's an Anything Could Happen
situation and we don't know even if
Health Care will still exist as an
industry think about that the healthare
industry could be gone in a year as we
know it as we know it I mean would still
exist and would be better you know cuz
that's the whole point it would be
better but it could be gone it could be
that the only people who do anything
physical are applying splints and that's
only until the robots can do it which
you know maybe a year or
two so I don't know should you become a
doctor I have no idea I have no idea if
you should become a doctor isn't that
weird that's never been true in the
history of humankind that you're like I
don't know was it a bad idea to become a
doctor even surgery has the same problem
yeah the the robots are going to be able
to do surgery way better
soon all right well here are two parts
about me I like to make the news all
about me but uh do you know that there's
a connection to me in this
story what's the connection to me and
the story about Nvidia having an AI
powered healthc care agent
do you know how I'm involved with
that this is only going to work if it's
legal to do tell of Health across state
lines you're welcome yeah during the
pandemic mostly you know the story um I
was the one who suggested to Trump that
he dropped that uh limitation where you
couldn't talk to a do doctor in another
state unless they were licensed in your
state so tella
health is something that didn't exist
across state lines until the pandemic
and until I literally is the one suggest
it now because it's a good idea once you
hear it in a p pandemic it's an obvious
idea um it was implemented and just like
Obama um said with
Obamacare Obama said I'm going to do a
bad version of Obamacare but it'll be
too hard for them to take it away so
they're going to have to fix it and it's
still here it worked I mean it worked in
the sense of exactly that was his plan
to get something past that he could get
P but we wouldn't want to take it away
because no politician can take away your
health care it's too dangerous so sure
enough when I suggested that we do it
for the pandemic what I was really
thinking is the Obama strategy that once
you could do tellah Health across state
lines it would be really hard for the
government to take that away from you
they tried there was actually there was
actually a lot of motion to actually
take it away why I don't know probably
because the AMA the doctors wanted to
take it away because they didn't want so
much competition it's bad for your
income I guess that's my best
guess but yes
um so your ability to get a nurse for $9
an
hour may have something to do with me
isn't that fun now I mean I'd be a small
part of it of course
they also had to invent these Nvidia
chips and stuff and that was cool too so
don't want to minimize that but maybe I
was a small part of that all right um I
saw a post by Josh Delani talking about
how young people can't do anything
anymore so if you graft young people's
habits today compared to the Past uh
young people no longer want to drive a
car get a job to work for pay drink
alcohol have sex or ever go on a
date now it's not zero obviously but
it's going from something like 80% of
all kids did all these things to like
half of all the kids do all these things
now you might say to yourself I'm not
even sure that's bad that they haven't
tried alcohol in sex I'm not saying it's
bad I'm saying that they're really
different there's a
difference um it seems to us older
people that because young people have
been coddled and sheltered from The Real
World and they spend time looking at
screens that they don't know how to do
anything that they don't know how
manners work they don't know how to ask
somebody to date and get turned down you
know just basic stuff how how do you go
drive a car you know but by the time let
let me test this against the older
viewers by the time I was old enough to
get my uh permit to drive a car
I had already operated all manner of
Motor Vehicle tractors
snowmobiles motorcycles
minibikes
bicycles right yeah and I'd even driven
automobiles you know in a non Street
Place just practicing and playing around
I'd worked on a farm I'd I'd uh I'd rid
driving you know I'd been on the riding
mowers so by the time I was old enough
to get license I was actually qualified
to handle heavy equipment golf carts
right yeah I was actually trained on all
manner of conveyances mechanical things
I knew how to fix things change tires
add
gas I'd learned all of those skills
because I worked in the real world so
every job was a new physical thing to
solve and then you work through it and
you learn how to solve it it's like how
do I rake this yard how do I get this
snow done before I get to school how do
I mow this lawn there's a hill there it
was just continuous problem solving and
a lot of it involved dangerous heavy
equipment it was just normal now if you
had never touched any dangerous heavy
equipment or never done a job or never
touched anything important that you
could break it would be really scary to
drive a car wouldn't it it would seem
daunting imagine going from only playing
video games to driving a 2,000lb machine
in
traffic that's like a really big
leap but for me it wasn't and for you it
wasn't either for Mo for most of the
older people it wasn't a big leap for me
I was totally ready I got it on the
first day you know permit day one yeah
yeah but a lot of this is also a dropp
in testosterone so some of it is
alternatives are fun you know the
screens uh but a lot of is dropping
testosterone and then there is some
coddling of
course well I guess we need to talk
about P Diddy P Diddy's rapper P Diddy
Puff Daddy Sean comes he his homes were
raided uh I don't think he's been
arrested or found I'm not sure exactly
what the what's going on there's some
thought that his children were arrested
they're adult children um and we don't
know exactly if he's in the country so
there's a lot of mystery about it maybe
you guys have some updates I haven't
seen since I woke up but uh the
important thing is what kind of jokes
can we make about this situation all
right I'll go
first did the simulation name him
Diddy because they would know he would
be accused of a terrible crime and we
would all ask ourselves terrible crime H
did he
Diddy
H now is that a coincidence that his
name is
Diddy
now um is Diddy your daddy well I don't
know exactly what the allegations are
but they seem to be somewhere in the sex
crime
area have we narrowed it down if we
narrowed it down to Something in the
sexual crime domain but we don't have
any details and we're not even positive
about that yet
right is that fair
anyway he's a uh he's in a lot of
trouble this of course raises every
possible conspiracy theory that
everybody on the right has that uh the
entire entertainment industry is a giant
grooming
situation so some would say that uh Shan
Combs did more than
comb not only did he comb he groomed
they say no he's a comer and a groomer
John
comes anyway um he's innocent until
proven
guilty let let me be a little bit
serious for a
moment um he's it sounds like the
accusations must be pretty dire because
of the size of the size of the military
response but
um he's a citizen of the United
States and as a citizen of the United
States who may have some legal Jeopardy
here let me say as clearly as I can it's
true for Hunter Biden it's true for
Trump it's true for p
didy innocent until proven
guilty can we do
that okay you know it's fun to sort of
dance on the grave of people you don't
like if they're famous and
Wealthy but I think we just got to try
as hard as we can to say innocent till
proven guilty we're having fun with it
because it's not
us but if you're watching law fair take
out Trump and then you see somebody
who's on the other you think is on the
other team you know somebody who might
be more of a Biden supporter and you see
him being taken out in a massive police
action does that mean it's
real no unfortunately I don't live in a
country where I assume that a massive
police action is based on real
information it could be I don't don't
rule it down certainly not defending
anybody I don't know enough about it
but who knows who knows it it could be
literally anything and it could be a s
up and it could be
fake uh it could be about somebody in
his in his Circle and not about him it's
entirely possible that it's not about
him at all so I'm going to give him the
the most generous benefit of a doubt
because we're we're deep in this stage
of War thing it's entirely possible that
he's done
nothing but we'll wait we'll wait and
see so let's give him the benefit of a
doubt it's really hard to do I know
because every every flag is waving in
the same ction I get it I get it
everything is suggesting that this is
real but we've been fooled before have I
told you that smart people are the
easiest to
hypnotize this is one of those
situations if you haven't caught
yourself getting caught up in you know
the confirmation bias of you just assume
it's true you should catch
yourself just ask yourself if this were
Trump would it be real If This Were
Roger Stone being raid at 6 a.m. does
that make it real no no the fact that
there's a massive police action against
a public figure does not mean it's real
not at all it might be but it doesn't
mean it so I'm going to give him the
biggest benefit of a doubt anybody ever
gave anybody because it's America damn
it it's still America a little bit still
America all right so let's check uh you
know everything is political this time
of year going into the election
season so let's see if we can make this
story
political okay um in the last 24
hours uh one side let's say Trump
represents that side he uh reduced his
bond requirement so he could pay it in
cash and one of the most impressive
things a billionaire ever said yeah it's
only 175 uh million now so I'll just
cover that bond with
cash the fact that he could casually
tell you he has 175 million that he
could put to as collateral for his
bond it's kind of
impressive it's kind of baller at the
same time his uh public company is well
his company went public and he owns 58%
of it and now he made uh over he's worth
over six and a half billion dollars some
people said it went up today which might
add another
billion so he's the richest he's ever
been and it looks like the odds of him
being taken out of the election by
lawfare have gone way
down so that's how one side is doing
this the the political right had a
really good day yesterday if if you
count what happened to Trump is a good
day let's see Biden
supporter uh okay the Biden supporter
was accused of horrible sex crimes and
and is under is under Run Okay so it
wasn't a great day for the Biden
supporters not their best day so worth
mentioning anyway we are at the
beginning of what I call Trump's thirdd
act If This Were A Movie the third Act
is where your hero escapes from
impossibly long odds it's so impossible
that this person could ever climb out of
this hole and then they do it well I
feel like that really happened yesterday
because the news was reporting that it
would be impossible impossible for Trump
to ever fig ground away from to get out
of this hole that his properties were
going to be seized his New York
businesses would be closed down he would
be a disgraced failed business person
going into an election and my God it
couldn't be worse for him but
instead he and his lawyers seem to have
I'm going to use the word
negotiated negotiated down the fee from
an impos possible uh business ending
level to I'll just use my cash as the
collateral we'll take care of this can I
write a personal
check now the fact that the fact that he
survived by
negotiating only adds to his
Legend now some will say but but but his
Legend of being a great negotiator it's
all puffed up it's not real well I know
every everybody has their opinion about
things but it certainly looks like he
negotiated his way out of certain
Doom doesn't it now now you could say
this is just normal process and the
courts were the appeals court was
certainly going to do this because it
makes sense and maybe it didn't take
that much convincing because it's so
obviously you know so obvious that the
bond was too
high but the way it's going to look to
us the way it's going to feel to the
public is that he it was the art of the
deal it's going to look like the art of
the deal it's going to look like he
negotiated his way out which couldn't be
better because he's running for office
to say that he can negotiate us out of
impossible
situations let me say that again because
it's so good he's running for office
under the specific challenge of helping
us negotiate our way out of impossible
holes right getting out of Ukraine is
kind of impossible
getting out of our debt impossible
securing the Border it's looking
impossible even though it
isn't so he's literally running for a
job where well solving impossible CRI
impossible problems is the the core job
description and that he solved an
impossible problem right in front of
you could that be
better no it could
not that is the the best look you could
possibly have when your brand is
negotiating the solution to Impossible
problems all
right here's a dog not barking one of my
favorite categories this one noticed by
Mark Hemingway who posted this now when
you hear this you're going to be mad
that you never thought of it that what
that's what makes a good dog not barking
story as soon as you hear it you're
going to
say what
wait why have I never heard about that
before it's the dog not barking all
right here it is courtesy of Mark
Hemingway he says uh just curious have
any of you seen any piece at all in the
last couple months meaning a piece in
the Press uh defending the fraud
judgment against Trump you know the in
in Oregon that judge in in Oregon
whoever he is with the
450 454 million
judgment
um and he says something that says quote
this was a good decision on the legal
merits does that
exist I've never seen it have any of you
seen any
argument um any you know journalistic
effort any news report
whatsoever that supported the judge's
decision that a $450 million
judgment was uh fitting for this
situation I've never seen one have
you isn't that curious the entire the
entire news cycle for however long has
been oh we got him now he's got to pay
this the the courts have found him
guilty but not a single person said the
court made the right decision even the
people who want it to happen do you know
why because it's not
supportable it's not even slightly
supportable it's exactly what it looks
like corrupt judge corrupt prosecutors
and even the people on the other side
can see it plain as day because if they
couldn't see it plain as day same as you
can they would have written stories to
support their point of view because
that's their whole job their entire job
when they wake up in the morning is to
write stories that support their
worldview but they didn't do it this
time I've never seen him not do it I'm
pretty sure that when Russia collusion
was in in the headlines there were
untold stories about oh this is
definitely
true when when the hoax about uh Trump
saying that you should drink bleach
which of course never really happened in
the real world they wrote you know
multiple stories talking about how he
really did that which he didn't but this
is the only case where there's a major
major story that goes one way in
politics and the people who win are not
supporting their own side that's pretty
OB
OB pretty obvious that they know it's an
OP would you
agree if nobody can defend it even on
the side that likes it they like it so
much they're having orgasms on camera
have you seen any liberal talking about
the
$454 million judgment prior to it being
reduced did you see how they treated it
they looked literally like they were
having an
orgasm I and I mean literally they had
orgasm
face it was
disgusting it was arousing
yes I do watch The View just for the
masturbation but that's just me you're
weird
too I just I like me some whoopy that's
all there's nothing wrong with that all
right um You don't know when I'm kidding
you probably don't know when I'm kidding
yeah I'm kidding I don't don't really
masturbate to the view but if I did it'd
be whoopy I'm just saying if I did all
right
um here's a there's a new new technique
for a coup's
therapy so apparently people noticed
that the traditional couples therapy
where you go for an hour a week wasn't
working so they're going to do this high
impact therapy which apparently involves
um spending like 16 hours or something
with your partner working through
problems now when they said the problem
with regular
therapy yeah uh the problem with regular
therapy that the one hour a week didn't
work here here's why it didn't
work because when you came in next week
you didn't start where you left
off you started with all the new things
that happened that week that made you
mad now do you know who already knew
that
who already knew that once a week didn't
work CU all you did was come in with the
new week of of complaints about the
other person and then he just started
from scratch again and ran out of time
and started all over do you know who
already knew that every single person
whoever went through coup's therapy as I
have the most waste of time I've ever
seen in my life I've never seen a worse
system for helping it definitely made
things worse I I can tell you for sure
it made things
worse and so I don't know if this new
high impact therapy will work but it
definitely recognizes the problem with
the other system now what percentage of
couple therapists do you think are
Democrats just asking what percent do
you think are Democrats who go into the
couples therapy therapist
business probably
most one of the things I've noticed
about Dem is they can't tell um they
can't analyze
systems meaning they can't see the
longer term impact of what they do I
can't imagine that you could do coup's
therapy more than having three clients
ever without noticing that it doesn't
work how could you not notice that it
doesn't
work it seems like really obvious some
people are saying that most of the
couples therapists are Democrats but I
think there are some jobs that people
would be drawn to specifically because
they can't understand how things work in
the real world like you wouldn't do the
job if you knew it couldn't work you
know once a
week yeah there was money but it doesn't
seem to attract people who know how
things work because if you have options
of doing things that are actually useful
and making money you will take that one
you're not going to pick the one that
you can tell just by looking at it
couldn't possibly help anybody but at
least you get paid
right so there's probably a reason why
Democrats dominate in that field they do
have that ability to not understand how
things work RFK Jr is picking his VP
today uh he's doing that in Oakland and
then afterwards they're going to drive
over to the In-N-Out and oh no the
In-N-Out Clos the only one that's ever
closed because it's in Oakland because
it's so dangerous to be in Oakland it's
too dangerous to eat or work so in and-
out just said screw it we're around here
but he's going to pick his VP today we
don't know who it is but uh I would say
there's a at least a 50% chance he'll
Escape Oakland alive and maybe stronger
than when he went
there don't ever go to
Oakland for
anything and no I'm not
joking don't ever go to Oakland for
anything you'd be insane it's
just it's it'd be like you know I I
think I'll go to I go I think I'll go to
the front line in
Ukraine you know just because I I go
shopping you don't go shopping at the
front line in
Ukraine don't go to
Oakland please don't go to
Oakland I'm going to hear about
that I'm in I'm practically walking
distance from Oakland so I've got a
feeling that's going to come back to me
all right uh
Mike Ben had an interesting video again
you can see it in my feed or or his uh
on the language changes so we started
out with
disinformation and disinformation is bad
don't you agree you don't want any
disinformation in your life so that's
bad but then it turned into
misinformation and then it turned into
malformation do you know why I had to
change words from disinformation to
misinformation to Mal
information because the existing words
didn't let you censor the
truth they had to come up with new words
so they could censor the truth now I'm
not saying that as somebody who's like
using Hyperbole and you know twisting
things around and saying oh they're
censoring the truth no they actually
overtly
knowingly
intentionally and with huge resources
and very organized and very consistent
they tried to censor the
truth they knew they were doing it and
they said so explicitly it's in their
writing it's in writing but the way they
frame it was that the truth was too
dangerous and had to be suppressed for
example if somebody said the truth about
something that would make you panic less
about let's say the pandemic they would
say uhoh if people panic less they won't
take their vaccinations and that would
be they would say bad for the
world so therefore they can't be trusted
with the truth because the truth will
cause them to act in the wrong way per
how we think they should
act now
now do you think that any Republicans
were involved with this
process no no it was all Democrats a
huge government
non-government you know I don't know how
many hundreds of millions of dollars
probably went into this effort it was
sustained it was it was the censorship
was pushed by the government by the
government and they're and their cutouts
and their they um dancing monkeys
to uh to try to censor things that they
knew were true now the domains where we
know that was the case were
elections where if somebody said for
example mail and ballots are less secure
well that would be true but it would
cause people to doubt the Integrity of
the election and that's bad so that had
to be stopped that would be Mal
information so Mal information means
harmful information but it had to evolve
from disinformation which was
potentially harmful but also
untrue so once they realized that they
had to censor true
things the word didn't work anymore so
they just changed the word they had to
make up not make up but they had to use
a different word and that really
happened in the actual real
world and apparently part of this effort
was to get the um the platforms the
social media platforms to change their
terms of service so that you couldn't
delegitimize what the government was
saying and
delegitimizing is whatever they say it
means stop delegitimizing me you could
make that work for anything which would
give the government unlimited control
over the speech on platforms they could
just say well you know it might be
true but look how it's delegitimizing
our system so can't say
it now here's why only Democrats could
be involved in this massive effort of
censorship because they don't understand
how anything
works if they understood how anything
Works they would understand that this
form of censorship is literally the
whole point of the First
Amendment and that yes it would be true
that if you allowed people to speak
freely it would delegitimize the
systems that's really the point of it
the point of it is to delegitimize the
systems because they need to be
delegitimized now if people are
delegitimizing something that really
shouldn't be do you know what fixes
that more free speech so that more
people come in and say no it's this is
this is a good thing we should be doing
it
so the fact that Democrats don't
understand that massively suppressing
things that are true that they don't
want you to hear they think that's a
good idea and that it can work out in in
a systems way like in the long run that
that can work out for everybody or even
for themselves that can't work out and
not only can it not work out it can't go
forever without being discovered it took
a few years but of course it's going to
be discovered and then we're going to be
here talk about so what delegitimize the
system was the system delegitimized
because people said mailin ballots are
less secure or was it delegitimized by
the fact that we had a massive I don't
know how many hundreds of entities
involved with Government funding or
indirect Government funding to massively
censor true things
nothing could delegitimize the system
more than that and they didn't see that
there there was there's nobody in that
whole deal that could see that this was
coming that you can't get away with this
forever well maybe they did think they
would get away with it
forever all right um did you see the uh
the pictures of Kate starbird she was on
60 Minutes and she was a part of this
massive censorship uh
operation and she was complaining that
only 30% of the notes from the sensors
were were were taken and operated on by
the social media people now the funny
thing is that the that woman Kate
starbird uh who definitely fits into the
batshit crazy woman category is a dead
ringer for the most famous photo of a
TDS victim um screaming in agon
so there's a famous picture of an angry
leftist woman uh who looks exactly like
it's not her but she looks exactly like
it which makes me ask the
question can you tell that people are
batshit crazy just by looking at
them I say yes yes and more yes I
believe that we evolved so that you can
identify who's gay or straight better
than chance and that's been tested you
definitely can I believe that we can
tell if somebody's
Sick by looking at them you know not
100% but really really good we're good
at it and we can definitely tell if
somebody's crazy all right and the fact
that she's on 60 Minutes and I'm just
watching and saying but you're obviously
crazy I could tell by just looking at
you that suggests um that maybe we're
not being honest with what the real
problems
are do you think it's useful to the
world that I keep saying the real
problem is bat crazy women white
women specifically white women do you
think that's
useful I think it is because it's true
it's obvious it's everywhere you can see
it everywhere
and you know I'm in my little Silo I'm
I'm totally siloed because I'm blocked
by every leftist organization but uh I
think it helps to say it out loud now
suppose I'm
wrong suppose I'm wrong and these women
are actually our best citizens and
they're doing things I don't understand
because the problems on my end what
would be the solution to that more free
speech yeah make your case why I'm wrong
let everybody see it compare it to what
I say
you might might be able to move the uh
ball forward a little bit but the fact
that um you know I think it was
dangerous to say this until I got
cancelled but no it's Basia crazy white
women are ruining everything in the
country and we've got to stop acting
like insanity and mental
health is some kind of a political
opinion because it's not being being
unstable mentally unstable is not a
political
worldview it's you having a personal
problem you're trying to work out in a
way that affects other people we don't
need
that all right the National Geographic
uh has decided to permanently
discontinue it's spelling be they used
to do this big go they call it
competition and you've probably seen it
like it's been famous forever big old
spelling be and uh but they had to
cancel it to replace it with something
they call uh something that would have
quote more Equitable
participation H what uh what's that all
about uh it's just a spelling be and my
understanding is everybody gets to play
there's there's no barrier to entry
right so what would be what would
possibly be a diversity or Equity
problem with spelling be huh it's kind
of a mystery well let's look at the
picture of the last 10 or the top 10
winners of the spelling
be oh o every single one of them is
Indian might be indianamerican or Indian
in another country but ethnically uh
100% of all the spelling be winners are
Indian well you know what I say to
that I think that's an obvious case of
systemic racism against white
people cuz I can't think of any other
reason that white people wouldn't be in
the top 10 unless there was some
discrimination am I
right because it couldn't possibly be
true that there's one community of
people who just takes the spelling B
more seriously and puts more work into
it and have a lot of smart people in the
group couldn't possibly be that could
it yeah it's exactly that and and the
fact that reality becomes a problem who
does it become a problem
for how many you watching this show were
surprised to hear that all the top 10
were were neither white nor black how
many were surprised to hear that they
weren't white and they weren't black I
wasn't I
wasn't but but if you're a
Democrat what does this do to your
worldview because your entire worldview
is based on the fact that if you gave
everybody equal
opportunity you would get something like
a diverse Equitable outcome so they
managed to create somewhat accidentally
the single most Equitable thing that has
ever been designed in the history of
humankind which is hey kids spell
this and they didn't get the answer they
were wanting yeah now of course there
there is definitely an income element to
any of this school definitely has an
income correlation so the black
Americans do have a disadvantage in the
income level but white Americans
don't we we're all the white
Americans or the or the white people in
general no white people didn't do well
now how do I feel about
that do I say to myself no we must have
more Equity to get more white people in
this spelling be no no I think if White
people are dumb asses and they can't win
a spelling be then that's just the way
it is that's it and and I do think that
there may be some
cultural um competitive thing where some
group of people just want to compete in
this particular thing more than other
people do so I me there's some of that
but I love the fact that it just blows
up the uh the narrative it's it's hard
to keep in your head the left narrative
when you see something like this
all right well the other big story is
that a container ship hit uh a bridge in
Baltimore and actually collapsed the
bridge tragically with people on it
could have been worse it was 1:30 in the
morning so I suppose the traffic could
have been greater but it looks like the
ship lost its power some say there was a
fire on it that lost its electric so it
couldn't steer and so it went right into
a pylon and collapsed the entire
bridge now how do I make this story
about
me okay looking looking how is this
about me okay I got it I got
it uh the mayor of Baltimore gave a
speech and the mayor's name name is
Mayor Brandon Scott well there it is
there it is at least my name's in the
story um now mayor Brandon Scott is a
black man which is only important so
that you know that dark Brandon is
actually Joe Biden who is the whitest
person in the world he's dark Brandon
but mayor Brandon Scott who is actually
African-American he's not dark Brandon
he's just
Brandon so you got to make sure that if
you say dark Brandon you're thinking of
the white Ashen looking
Driftwood kind of creature called Joe
Biden that's dark Brandon but the actual
mayor who um does have dark skin he's
just Brandon
Scott Brandon Scott
Scott um however what's the name of the
bridge it's the Francis Scott Key
bridge so Brandon Scotts talking about
Francis Scott
Key while I'm talking about it okay okay
I think we made that enough about me and
that was the important part yes we care
about the victims who have not been
found by the way it's it's very
tragic and then of course all of you
said but is this because of
Dei well I'm pretty sure there have been
Maritime accidents before anybody
worried about
Dei but
probably
probably now and I say that only because
there is a massive incompetence problem
in
general so it could be just as easily
that you know it could be anybody but uh
probably yeah if you had to bet and it's
not because you know any group is less
competent it's because we operate to
increase incompetence our systems are
designed to very directly increase the
incompetence in our major
industries now if you're on the left you
think that sounds racist and you don't
understand what I mean it's because the
left don't understand how anything Works
here's the example again what happens if
you don't have enough qualified people
but you do have a requirement that you
won't get your bonus unless you increase
your diversity well in the real world
nobody's going to give up their bonus so
they will they will lower their
standards to give somebody that
increases their diversity even if we all
assume that everybody in every
demographic group could perform the same
with the same you know background and
support and education so has nothing
nothing to do with
anybody's anything it's not it's not
your genes it's not your culture has
nothing to do with your race they're
just looking for the same group of
people and there aren't enough so the
people who can't find enough are not
going to they're not going to miss the
goal because their bonus depends on it
so they're just going to talk themselves
into well maybe I wouldn't have hire
this candidate in in normal times
because I would have kept looking but if
I keep looking what if I find somebody
who's not
diverse so maybe I shouldn't keep
looking so you end up even though you're
talking yourself out at doing it you end
up lowering your standards and there's
no way around it there's no argument
that it won't happen there's no
observation that it doesn't happen
indeed it can't not happen there is only
one way it can go and it has been going
that way for 30
years
um so there you go another example of
Democrats not understanding how systems
work although there's no evidence there
was any you know Dei related thing in
this specific case so it's fog of War
we'll wait to find out what that was all
right uh the
fact but if you want to look at this
through a more political lens the fact
that the first thing that half of the or
maybe a third of the country thought of
is that it was a Dei problem imagine
being a Democrat and you think you've
got this terrific thing called Dei
that's really going to help black
people and
then then a a ship collapses a bridge we
have no information whatsoever that
there were any black people involved in
anything related to this except the
victims I'm sure because it was
Baltimore but no evidence no evidence
whatsoever that there was any Dei
problem that had anything to do with
compet
it could have been just an act of God a
total coincidence could have been
anything but what does it say to the
people promoting Dei that a third of the
country assumed it was probably a Dei
problem don't you think that they would
take that as useful
information to incorporate in their
desire to fix the world and realized
that it was making things
worse it clearly made things worse if
Dei did not exist do you think even one
of you would have thought immediately oh
I wonder if it's a diversity higher you
wouldn't have even thought of it it
would not be in your top 10 things to
even think about but because they've
just beaten us over the head with Dei
it's the first thing I think about
unfairly unfairly it's all confirmation
bias you know it's not
fair but that's what happens so
Democrats not knowing how anything works
gets him in that
situation let's see uh the I guess the
abortion pill called myph Prestone so
that's the one you can take if you
thought you uh if you thought the condom
broke and you want to make sure you
didn't get pregnant for example you
could take that pill and remove all
doubt I guess I don't know how how long
you can wait and still take the pill I
don't know the details but those who are
anti-abortion
say that's an abortion pill the people
taking it probably don't think of it
that way although in a technical sense I
guess it is when it works I guess it
is um so there's some brilliant woman
lawyer Aaron Holly who's I guess Josh
Holly Senator Josh Holly's wife
interesting uh and she's trying to
persuade the Supreme
Court to uh to make it illegal to sell
this uh what would be called an abortion
bill
now here's my first comment comment
number one one thing that the
Republicans are getting right about this
is sending their best woman to do the
arguing am I right
finally
finally if you're going to argue about
what should be legal with
abortion please send the
woman please you know Democrats and
Republicans please send the women
they're the faces I want to see arguing
it whichever way it goes like I'm not
even in the argument because I think the
women need to work it out and then just
tell us just tell the guys what you
decided so in very much the same way I
think bad crazy women should stay
out of everything about National Defense
borders immigrant should stay out of
that completely I think that men should
stay out completely from the abortion
argument now you have right to do it and
I understand your desire to do it and
you know you're saving lives and and all
the reasons you do it I just think that
we get a better outcome as a
civilization if the people who have the
most obvious skin in the game Take the
Lead so if it's going to be about going
to war I don't want to hear from any
women
honestly and and by the way women do a
great job of staying on a war have you
noticed have you noticed that most of
the the war discussions are guys talking
to guys
mostly have you ever noticed that it's
mostly guys talking to guys and part of
the reason that is you know maybe we're
more interested naturally in war things
but we also know it's our job every guy
knows that war is our job it's not your
job it's not the women's job it's our
job so we talk about it because we think
that's part of the
process um every 20 seconds I have to
mention M Margaret Thatcher so thank you
for the reminder so just a note for the
stupid people who are watching there
probably not many but but just for the
few stupid people um I am aware that
Margaret Thatcher was an unusually
talented person and one of many examples
in which people are infinitely different
and you really can't make a
generalization about any individual
based on General averages however
General averages when they have a
biological basis are more useful than
other things you know when you're
talking about groups if there's a
biological difference one group has
babies one group far less having babies
one group is uh testosterone filled
fighters of which there are too many
anyway men and another group that is
precious and needs to take care of
bringing in the Next Generation while
the men are killing the men who would
stop them from doing it so our job is to
kill the other men basically so you can
have your baby and and
survive so so it's good that they sent
their their best woman because apparent
the least the news is saying that she's
gr at her
job however there's another side of the
story are Republicans trying to
lose I can't think of anything that
would snatched Victory away from Trump
faster than this is this purely a
coincidence that they picked the worst
possible time to have this
conversation this would have been a
great court case to bring up oh let's
say next
year yeah like next year this would be
great this almost looks like a Democrat
op to fool Republicans into
losing because again I'm not I'm not
going to give you any opinions on uh
Healthcare but I know real people I know
real people in the real world and every
every young woman who has ever used this
pill or thought of using this pill you
just lost them
forever you don't gain a single vote by
this the GOP uh gains zero votes zero
not a single person changed their vote
because of this but you're going to lose
an entire generation of young
women why do you do this is this just un
principle is that
why you you're arguing this just on
principle no and I'm not arguing that
that would be a bad idea I'm just saying
do you understand why something so
destructive to the entire country would
be happening let let me put it in other
terms um
many of you think the abortion question
is you know right at the top of our
interests and I won't argue that it's
not because your point of you would
support
that if you believe that's life that
makes sense that it's at the top of your
list other people have different opinion
about it but it makes sense it's at the
top of your
list but so is survival of the
country and I agree with Elon musk's
take that if the Republicans don't win
in this round we might actually be out
of business as a country we might all be
dead like literally that is the risk
there is an existential risk to this
election that I've never seen before
because the Democrat policies are so
obviously
self-destructive that there's no way we
could handle another four years of it I
don't think we have the capacity for
another four years of it
so everything is tough choices if you
are uh anti-abortion pro-life and you
think that these pills are uh you know
violating your your feelings about what
God would want I can see why you think
this would be a high priority but be
honest about it you're throwing away
everything for it is that what you plan
did you plan to throw away everything
the whole country all all 300 million of
us you're going to put us at risk of
dying plus all the children that can't
be born if 300 million people
die wh which which one of these
approaches saves the most
lives winning the election or winning on
this case and banning this uh drug which
one saves more lives in the long
run I'm pretty sure that this is going
to kill us
all that's my opinion and again that's
not that's not an abortion opinion I'm
giving you no opinion on abortion or
this pill uh um completely out of that
discussion I want the women to figure it
out including Aaron Holly right she
she's a woman she she gets to be in this
argument she she earned her way into the
argument but I
didn't I would just
suggest that this could crash the whole
thing who who does
this I don't understand that can anybody
explain to me why you would send you
know why Josh hly would send his wife to
destroy everything in America by maybe
winning this case and by the way is she
going to
win do you know if she'll win her
case I don't see why she would win
it yeah so I don't know about this there
there's something about this that I
don't quite understand but can I make
this story about me all right let me
try this is going to take some work
people bear with me this will take my
greatest efforts to make this story
about women taking a pill about
me
I've got it I've got
it when I was listening to this story on
the news um one of the proponents of the
pill said that it's especially
useful because you can prescribe the
Pill
by tella
Health you're welcome you're welcome
yeah now that assum as you want the pill
if you want a band then I'm your enemy I
guess yeah but tellah health is
Apparently one of the things that makes
that abortion pill is so useful people
like to talk to their doctor before they
do that and they may not want to go in
person they may want
to just spend some money and kind of
privately get an opinion before they go
in that direction so yes Scott for the
win and I don't mean Francis Scott Key
and I don't mean Brandon Scott there's
just a lot of Scot in this news
today anyway the Attorney General uh for
Missouri Missouri is being great lately
very active the Attorney General uh
Andrew Bailey is doing a suit against
Media
Matters uh force them to turn over their
documents about soliciting donations to
bully advertisers on the xplatform so
Media Matters did this whole fake op
where they tried to uh they tried to
show that there was I know more
anti-Semitism or more Nazis or something
on X and they did this totally fake test
that they got busted on uh so there
there were no the their story was
completely fake it was just an op and
now Missouri attorney general is going
to sue them and get to the bottom of
this and maybe uh uncover their op Media
Matters is a
illegitimate uh just a horrible entity
that should be
destroyed um
hm Mike Ben again I saw him mention that
uh between 2017 and
2022 when we were not aware of it the
censorship regime was really running the
country so if you thought you had
something like uh you know democracy or
something you didn't know that
everything we thought was being
manipulated by people behind the scenes
as IAL talked about earlier with all the
Nos and censorship people and fact
Checkers and that between 2017 and
2022 America didn't know who was running
the
country because our opinions were being
given to us by the
news and we thought the news was
something like the news always was and
we thought social media was people just
saying their thoughts and you could see
everybody's that wasn't the case that
social media had been weaponized and
turned into a massive brainwashing
operation along with the classic news
and that we were under a total
brainwashing regime that I would call an
Insurrection uh if I were writing the
history of America I would say that
between 2017 and 2022 we had a form of
government we didn't elect we had a a
hidden Army of censors who were changing
what people could say and get away with
and and they were trying to turn January
6 into an Insurrection they were
literally changing history in front of
us and so we thought we were voting for
people and getting getting them elected
and all none of that was happening
because e even if you say well Scott
there's no evidence that the election
was rigged I say this is the this is the
evidence the election was rigged if you
change how people think you change how
they vote and this was for several years
a heavy brainwashing operation to change
how people thought in a political
context that is a rigged election
because we were not aware that there was
a gigantic censorship effort until the
Twitter files if we'd been aware of it
then we could have said okay at least
it's transparent you know and then that
would be different but if you're not
aware that you're part of a massive
highly funded brainwashing operation and
it is
brainwashing it's it's not anything else
it was brainwashing straight up no
hyperbole
brainwashing right I don't use that I'm
not overusing the word it was planned
executed professional
widespread huge scope well-funded
organized brainwashing for five
years and during that time the fake news
introduced I would say say at least 20
known hoaxes does that sound right I
didn't count them but I think that's
about right when you say there were at
least 20 organized Ops that were
literally hoaxes that the fake news and
the fake social media tried to present
to us as true about 20 of
them so yeah that was a dark dark time
that we we knew something was wrong by
the way we all knew something was wrong
right every one of us knew something's
wrong we just didn't know what it was
well that's what it was now we
know you want some more evidence of uh
everything I'm talking about well here
you go uh so NBC hires uh
ra what's her last name
McDaniel what's R's last name I swear to
God I can't remember it because I always
confuse it with Ronald McDonald
literally I confuse it with Ronald
McDonald what's her last name is it
mcdel all right you're not telling me I
think the comments are little slow all
right well you know what I'm talking
about so she was the head of the RNC but
then she was replaced so NBC hires her
so they can have uh McDaniel
okay yeah R McDaniel all right so she
goes to work for NBC as being their
Republican voice so that they can have a
alternate voice voice now that's a good
idea don't you think don't you think
it's a good idea for NBC News to have an
alternate voice now as I pointed
out when a news organization invites an
alternate voice they don't pick the best
one the only time that that happened it
was a mistake when CNN hired Steve
Cortez that apparently they didn't look
into him enough they didn't do the
research they must thought he wouldn't
do a good job so he'd you know he'd be
that Republican crazy guy who'd say all
the crazy stuff and then they' mock him
and instead he debunked the fine people
hoax on their live
air that's right he debunked the fine
people hoax in
detail on their show
live and then he was
fired so that's my point if if they ever
hired somebody from the other side
and that person did a good job they'd
have to fire
him so that tells you what they think
about ra I hate to say it but the the
only reason um the only reason they
hired her is they don't think she'd be
good at
it am I wrong you tell
me is that is that unfair that the only
reason they hired her is they think
she'd be bad at it they also would be
reason reasonably
assuming that she wouldn't be too Pro
Trump at the
moment am I
right because you know the the Trump
organization kind of pushed around don't
you think she's not super prot Trump at
the moment that would be kind of perfect
for Their audience wouldn't it so I
think the management made a a good
management hiring decision for what
they're trying to do which is sell their
narrative and then make the other
narrative look a little weaker right on
point right on point
perfect uh what did their uh staff on
MSNBC their sister Network I guess what
what did they say and also some of the
ex people from NBC News well Chuck Todd
said it was just the worst terrible
thing and Morning Joe said it was
horrible and they would never invit her
on the show and then uh raciel mad now
uh did her thing and said you know she's
got to talk to her bosses and say you
know this is wrong and they need to
apologize and correct
it
so here's the awkward part which is
delicious it's awkward but delicious and
it goes like this for years NBC News and
MSNBC have been telling us that January
6 was an actual
Insurrection it
wasn't but they've been telling Their
audience that for
years and then their
bosses totally giving away the game they
hire one of the main insurrectionists
according to MSNBC news somebody who
apparently was helping to try to keep
Trump in office by negotiating who the
electors were Etc all legal completely
legal to talk to people and try to
persuade them to do one thing or another
it was all legal
but and and certainly I don't think
think there was anybody on the
Republican side who had any problem with
her for trying to make sure the election
was fair and to you know put a
placeholder in so they could check long
enough to see if it was fair nobody on
the right has a problem with that that's
what a lot of people on the right were
doing but on the left she would be
considered one of the deepest
insurrectionist treasonist uh
monsters because that's how they
portrayed it just treasonous January 6
monsters and Trump too so what would you
do if you had been an onair host at
MSNBC and you spent years telling your
audience that these treasonous people
should be in jail and then they hire one
of them and put them in the chair next
to
you the bosses know that Janu January 6
wasn't an
Insurrection if they thought it was an
Insurrection they weren't going to hire
Ron Ron
McDaniel it's very obvious that their
own bosses know it was an OP it was
never real but all the people who have
been telling you it's real have egg on
their face because how could their
bosses hire this insurrectionist
according to them if any of if any of
their news was true for the last several
years now that's
hilarious totally busted for their
management signaling as strongly as
possible that their own coverage was
always fake and they knew it I don't see
how else you am I am I going too far do
do you think that's too much of an
interpretation I don't think it
is I don't
know all right um
so that's funny
too Mexican president says uh that the
flow of migrants will continue until the
US meets his
demands now I think that was just maybe
Fox News
phrasing it that way as demands I think
what the president of Mexico said is
that if the United States did this
series of things including giving money
to um Central American countries so
their economies are better and you know
dropping the sanctions on Venezuela and
Cuba Etc that uh that would make a
difference I don't think any of that
would make too much of a difference I
think he's just negotiating and trying
to take the pressure off
himself um but I want to remind you that
the reason our borders are open is not
because we're not doing what Mexico
asked
for and it's not because it's hard to do
to close it it's because the cartels are
working with the Mexican government and
the other governments in South Central
America and the US government is
apparently working with the cartels as
well so the reason the cartels are
working with impunity is because they're
on our
team that's why if if you think there's
any other
reason then you're going to have a tough
time explaining all of your
observations all of them all of them
none of them make sense if they're on
the other
team because we have the ability to you
know do massive damage to the cartels
but we're
not and the reason is very obvious and
simple once this explained to
you the cartels of course already
control their own government in the
countries that they are in below the
Border we need to control those
governments as well because for example
we want to keep China out and you know
we want them we don't want them to turn
anti-American so we need to control
these other little governments in our
hemisphere as we always have it's good
for our security and the cost of that is
we let the cartels earn their
money there's no other
explanation
if you can come up with anything else
that explains observation I'd be willing
to hear it but I don't think I I don't
think it's just about the Democrats
think they want to increase the census
and get more people and more
representatives and more voters it's
also
that but the main thing is that the
cartels are on our team and they want
the people to come in they make money on
it and that's why just follow the
money it's as simple as
that David boxing had a uh
fascinating uh theory for the real
reason that America is so bent on
solving global
warming now I'm not going to say I
embrace this Theory or
hypothesis but it's fun so I'm going to
tell you here's a fun hypothesis you
know how everything's about Russia
because we got all these Russia spies
and Russia experts so everything's about
Russia
well and you know how even our
intelligence Services the
military have even been saying that
global warming is a big problem for the
military what if as David boxen horn
cleverly
hypothesizes what if it's all about
Russia because if Russia gets
warmer it's going to have a better
economy and therefore a better military
what if the warming makes it easier for
the you know the North Pole water to be
open and more navigable for Russia well
then Russia would have a military
Advantage because they'd be able to you
know use that water uh probably an
economic
Advantage now what is the climate in the
United States
currently if you were to compare the the
economic benefit and even the military
benefit of the current location of
America you know where it is physically
in the world is kind of perfect because
we're too far away from the people who
want to invade us the the people on our
border don't have the power to do it and
the people in other places they'd have
to travel an ocean it's just sort of too
hard so we have a great military
Advantage by being where we are and not
in Europe for example and then we also
have an amazing an amazing economic
benefit by being right where we are you
want some warm weather we got it you
want some cold weather got you
covered we got everything and so we have
an economy that can function great you
know all year round because our our
weather is conducive for that but uh
Russia I would think probably slows down
a little in the winter maybe a more
harsh situation and if things got warmer
there their economy and their military
would probably Thrive and maybe we just
are trying to stop that from
happening now again it's just a fun
hypothesis it assumes that people are
thinking that far in advance and they
think you can actually stop the warming
Etc so I I don't know if those
assumptions hold
up but it is interesting because I do
think it's true that if the temperature
of the planet goes up a few degrees it's
probably good for Russia do you think
the basic assumption is true
a few degrees warmer would make Russia
better off not worse because it's a cold
place and and warm is almost always
better yeah because it won't get too
warm in Russia all right speaking of
Russia Gary Kasparov who's a big Putin
critic um he thinks that this whole uh
attack looks really
suspicious and he doesn't think uh that
they're really just
Isis he thinks they might be they might
be Isis but they might be you know paid
or organized by some other shadowy
creature and he thinks it might even be
Putin because he and others believe that
Putin came to power partly on uh because
there was some big apartment complex
that blew up and that maybe that was a
false flag too so there's some thought
that Putin has murdered Russians before
and made it look like it was somebody
else
specifically uh Islamic people and that
this would be very much like the last
one and that Putin doesn't care how many
Russians die he only cares about
power would that's what Kasparov would
say and uh therefore it looks more
obviously like Putin did it to himself
to give him a reason to recruit more
soldiers and to make his country think
that being in Ukraine makes sense so
he's using it he's still blaming Ukraine
for it which would be consistent with
him using it for political purposes well
I don't know I I I find casprov not to
be a super credible Source he's a he's
definitely an anti-putin guy so he's
going to take every story and turn it
into anti-putin stuff so his credibility
is low because he's a one-trick pony he
just sees anti-putin stuff everywhere
but it doesn't mean he's wrong about
this he could be right about
this um you know sometimes being the
most suspicious person just means you're
right more often than
not being suspicious is a pretty good
play so I don't know what's going on
there I will say that um what we're told
about that attack is not yet
tracking yeah because Isis seemed a
little bit weak about
it and I don't know here here's how you
tell if you see another Isis terror
attack let's say in the next 6
months it was
Isis and it's just their thing they're
going to be doing if you see no Isis
attacks in the next six months given
that we assume they could do something
like this anytime they wanted you know
getting getting somebody some
Firearms is pretty easy you know getting
them a bomb might be harder but Firearms
probably pretty easy in a military kind
of country so if you see more of it it
was is if you don't see any of it for
the next 6
months might have been some else might
have been us there are submarines under
the North Pole
true all right ladies and gentlemen the
comments seem to have stopped on the uh
other platforms except for locals and
I'm going toh say goodbye to the other
platforms um I'm going to try to see if
I can we're going to see if I can turn
off everything but Loc
so that you can stay on your feed where
you are let's
see currently streaming to r on YouTube
normal
streamil so I'm going to go to local
supporters only so this should drop
everybody but the local supporters and
we'll see if this works and everybody
else I'll see you tomorrow thanks for
joining
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e