[Music]
yes that is the beautiful piano work of
Cristina fashion you should all check it
out you can see that my Twitter feed and
you can see about hers and it's quite
entertaining you're gonna like it so
good morning happy Christmas Eve will
you join me for the simultaneous up grab
your cup your mug your tankard your
Stein your beverage container and lift
it to your lips and join me for the
simultaneous it thats good stuff well I
hope you've all done your shopping and
I've got a little bit of wrapping to do
can I add my podcast to Spotify hmm
maybe I'll see about that so those of
you who have been following my saga of a
racist Google hashtag racist Google who
insists on showing when somebody
searches for me one of the top search
images is a photoshopped image of me in
in a Nazi outfit now I've been trying to
get Google to remove that and it doesn't
seem to get removed now here's the
interesting part as many of you have
tweeted to me Scott Scott don't you
understand how SEO works the more you
talk about that picture and the more
people are going to click on it and the
and the higher it will go in the ranking
yes people I do understand how that
works and thanks for thinking I didn't
understand that but here's the
interesting part there are a couple
things that I have not talked about that
I've been watching if you google if you
google my name in the Google search
engine
you will get among the top page results
two of the most negative articles ever
written about me both of them are
actually just hit pieces one from
Bloomberg which is literally just a hit
piece obviously politically motivated
and another one from the Atlantic again
just a hit piece now what happens now
I've not talked about those two pieces
right since I've been talking about
Google being racist and marking me for
bad search results I have not mentioned
those two articles but those two
articles are toward the top on Google
and they are non-existent on DuckDuckGo
and Bing so Bing and DuckDuckGo don't
even show those near the top now if you
say to me Oh Scott you're being paranoid
because because Google just has an
algorithm they're not they're not
targeting you but wouldn't duck duck
goes algorithm be pretty similar
wouldn't bings algorithm be pretty
similar I think so
so the most negative article you can
find on Bing at least among the top
searches is one in which they they
there's a Forbes article that calls me
evil and I thought oh okay I guess I'm
wrong because even Bing has a negative
article and I click on the article that
the headline literally calling me evil
and I read it and it calls me a genius
so it's actually a positive article with
a little bit of negativity because
they're not crazy about Trump but in
terms of what they said about me totally
positive so can you tell me there's any
chance that this is accidental does
anyone think that Google surfaces the
two biggest just obvious hit pieces and
the other search engines just don't see
them because they're not that important
and neither of them are
current it seems a little bit
coincidental doesn't it
now it would have been who called me a
Holocaust denier a a lot of people
online have called me that but obviously
I'm not so today I switched over
officially to DuckDuckGo so I'm off of
Google as a search engine I might not be
able to avoid it entirely but in terms
of my primary search engine I'm off now
if you wondered how to do that all you
have to do is search for DuckDuckGo and
if you go to their page there's a
there's a link to edit your Chrome
browser and it's all just seamless you
just click it and then that's your
default that's your default search
engine now I don't think any of you
should be on a racist racist search
engine do you so I wouldn't use Google
unless you feel like you identify with
the racist all right
you