hold on a minute let me plug in my good
microphone we'll make this a
quality
product watch
this well if all goes well your sound
quality just
improved I'm hoping that's true hello W
hello Dan
hello Ricky and Max and John and Stevie
and
Jimmy it's good to see all of you come
on in gather around we got stuff to talk
about but to make our talking all that
more interesting let's let's enjoy the
simultaneous sip if you've got a cup or
a mug or a glass a Steiner a chalice or
a thermos if you have filled it with
your favorite liquid like coffee you can
join me now for the simultaneous Sip and
oh it's going to be
good
ah so uh just updating you on a project
I've been working on and Joel poock has
been working on as well which is to see
if we can take one piece of fake news
and just change people's mind Minds
about it now what's interesting is it's
very unusual that you have
conclusive um no doubt about a proof for
something people will say that about
everything from climate change to
whatever but the reality is you almost
never can prove something's true it's
it's actually kind of rare usually it's
just people say well it depends what
you're looking at it depends whose
information you're taking but some
sometimes you can have evidence that's
so objectively obviously true that both
sides can look at it and say okay that's
true it's very rare and so one of those
situations is the the myth that
President Trump once called uh the
neo-nazis in Charlottesville fine people
now that's widely reported by CNN they
say I think they've said it as many as
you know 10 times a week depending on
the week
they report it as true now it's a very
unusual situation because you can go to
the transcript or you can watch the
actual video unedited of the president
talking and he says exactly the opposite
of that he says I'm not talking about
the neo-nazis and the racists he says it
in direct clear language and it's
reported as the as the
opposite now you would probably say to
yourself wow you picked in an easy test
this would be easy because the facts are
confirmed by a live
video plus the
transcript and both of them are
completely unambiguous they say in the
cleanest possible language the opposite
of what is reported on CNN and MSNBC and
a lot of the other media so do you
think that Joe poock and I could make a
dent in this
this myth by simply showing people the
real
information if you said that we can you
have grossly uh
overestimated the mental flexibility of
the
public now we we've certainly made a
dent in terms of I would say training
Trump's supporters how to deal with the
question when it comes up so now when it
comes up and somebody says he called the
race fine people you know what to do you
can you can go to the transcript you can
go to the video you can show them that
it didn't
happen but what will happen is if you
take somebody and say okay let's clear
your schedule I'm going to just change
your mind just one person I'm just going
to change your mind here's what you
believe is true now read it on the
transcript and now watch the video to
see that it's wrong right now that I've
shown you you in completely clear
objective language and you've seen it
with your own eyes that you were 100%
wrong can you change your
mind here's what people will
do but he said bad things about
Mexicans so they will just change the
topic if you were to wait a week and
come back to that person and say okay
but now a week has gone by but and
you've thought about it you certainly
know he did not call the racist fine
people right we we we cleared that up
last week what would that normal
individual
do that person would
say no you
didn't no it's I heard it with my own
ears and then you would look at him and
say do you have no memory of what we did
last week where you made the same claim
I showed you on the transcript and I
showed you the live video that it didn't
happen just a week ago and now you're
telling me this some other different
version of reality happened what I'm
describing would be the actual predicted
normal response to somebody who had been
that wrong about something cognitive
dissonance would would uh kick in and
and their world would become a a fantasy
illusion maybe more than it already was
in which they can just translate the
truth back to anything they want so
talking people out of their Illusions no
matter how solid your evidence is is
actually a thing that largely can't
work and doing a public demonstration of
it I hope fascinates you from the
psychological perspective on a political
level probably nothing changed because
people just don't change CH their minds
but from a psychological perspective I
hope this was interesting to watch how
um immune people are to data they don't
care now there there's a weird situation
happening that um you know sometimes if
you use Twitter a
lot you run into situations such as I
did yesterday where one of my critics
came in and said well I guess I totally
owned you yesterday
Scott because I made that good point on
Twitter and then you just walked away
you couldn't answer me I guess that
means you're not an honest player and
you know you were lying all along and
I've shown you for the idiot that you
are and I look at that comment and I
always have the same thought and you
are I don't remember that conversation I
certainly don't have any memory of
walking away from a conversation I don't
know who you are I don't know what point
you made so declaring Victory when I
don't even know who you are or what we
were talking about or what your point
was is a little premature so let me say
as a general comment that I don't spend
all of my time on Twitter just looking
for every comment so I can you reply to
it seems like I do but I don't um and so
it would be quite normal that I people
would comment I wouldn't necessarily see
it I probably see most comments
70% um but there's an interesting one
happening now where um I I'm I'm coming
to believe that I'm in some kind of a
disagreement with uh Nasim
Talib and I don't know what it is but I
can only tell from the comments people
are saying about it that apparently I'm
in some disagreement with somebody
I don't know what it is but apparently
I'm in
it and all I can tell from what people
are telling me is that I argued that if
you get um if you have better
information about your data that you
should change the bad data to the good
data so I've made that claim that if you
know your data is bad and you're trying
to make some decisions based on it and
you subsequently come up with good data
and you're confident that the good data
is better than the bad it would be okay
to replace bad data with good data I'm
seeing someone here in the comments says
that's fudging you're
fudging now apparently there's some kind
of Brainiac argument that says you
should use bad data when you have good
data and I don't know what's going
on because I'm watching people
argue this point people are saying to me
in direct language that you should use
bad data to stay
consistent or something something
something science and I keep saying I'm
not even going to have this conversation
because if you know your data was bad
fixing it seems like it's always the
right answer so it may be that I'm
completely Miss
understanding who's arguing with me or
what point they're making
so so people here are calling that date
of
manipulation I don't understand I don't
even understand the point so yeah
exactly I'm somebody's saying you're
misunderstanding and I'm agreeing I am
misunderstanding the point so I think
we're talking about climate change and I
and the topic
was some people made some models based
on the data that they thought was
accurate they didn't like where the
models went but they looked at their dot
data and they said oh this is bad data
we will publicly correct it we'll tell
you what we're doing we'll tell you why
we're doing it and we're telling you why
the good data is
better now apparently that's not
science there's some there's some
problem with using better data
somebody's going to need to explain this
to me in a way that makes sense so I'm
just going to leave that top IC so my my
summary of that topic is people are
arguing with me and I don't even know
what the topic is I apparently I'm in a
debate and I don't even know what it's
about that's welcome to my
day so the news says that Robert Craft
owner I think it's Robert right owner of
the uh New England Patriots who got
busted for allegedly using the services
of a massage parlor that had some
sexual uh sexual
services and I guess there's been some
kind of an offer where he won't go to
jail if he does some kind of classes to
um you know to to learn about the
Badness of what he
did will you stop ruining my punchline
by getting ahead of me yes the story has
a happy
ending damn it you knew where I was
going and you got there first but uh I
guess that was was too
easy let's talk about the New
Zealand uh mass
murderer and there there are certain
Outlets who use his name if you go to
CNN they print the name of the mass
killer in New Zealand if you go to Fox
News they
don't if you go to the prime minister of
New Zealand is also saying that she'll
never utter the name now even when I've
seen the name and I've seen it a few
times on CNN and maybe some other places
I actually go out of my way not to
remember
it and and I actually tweeted that it's
a good that's a good start not talking
about his name but shouldn't we just
erase him from
history now when I say erase him from
history I don't don't mean that we never
tell the
story I mean that well let let me put it
this way I'm going to make a specific
suggestion and I want you to see what
you think about it what if you had a
standard not a law not a law but a
standard that said that when you have a
situation like this it is historically
important to say who did
it but you don't want to give them
attention so how do you how do you
handle the fact that historically it's
just a fact he is a person he has a name
we should know what it is at the same
time you don't want to give him
attention how can you balance those two
things and I have a
suggestion I believe that the his name
should exist in one place on the
internet just you know let's say a web
page that just has his
name and any article about him that's a
written article on the internet would
just link to the page that has the name
so that people could go look for the
name and they could find it but if they
didn't look for it it would not be
discoverable in other words it would be
easy to look for it because it would say
you know um this shooting happened and
the killer you know and the killer has a
link if you wanted to know the killer's
name you could do it you just click on
the link his name comes up
if you don't want to see it it's not in
your face you have to click on it so I
would suggest as a
standard that rather than erasing him
from history which which I think
reasonable people can say that's going
too far instead of that we should all
agree on a link just one place that has
the name same link for everybody and
just just his name or maybe just a
picture if you want but all articles
after that should simply say the New
Zealand
shooter and hyperlink to it and then you
will never accidentally see his name I
prefer as a consumer that I not
accidentally see his name when I when I
read the news on CNN I accidentally saw
his name and it bothered me it actually
bothered me when I watched Fox
News they were very careful to not
mention his name and I thought to myself
that's better than the
news right it's better than the news
they they've improved on the news
because the news would have included his
name but that would not have made the
world a better place the way Fox News
reported it did make the world a better
place because they contributed to a
standard in which making the person f
famous is not a desired
outcome um so that's my suggestion for
the
day let's talk about uh the uh Mr
kellyanne Conway tweet I have to read
the actual tweet I think most of you
have seen it by now but it's so darn
good from the
president that we have to share a laugh
at it all right so of course you know
the kellyan Conway
trusted advisor
um to the president her husband has been
tweeting horrible tweets about the
president saying that he's mentally
unfit and he's been doing it for a long
time and the president has been
largely you know muffled about it but
apparently he's been unmuffled I assume
he's had a conversation with Kelly and
Conway it stands the reason that they've
actually talked about it and I assume
that kellyan
has expressly said do what you need to
do Mr President or some version of that
so if you're thinking that the president
is just trashing the husband of his
trusted
adviser without her being in on it I I
think that would be naive now it's
possible I'm not there I'm just
speculating but the most likely scenario
is that he at least warned her and said
look I'm going to have some fun with
this uh I'm going to I'm going to Tweet
about your husband just go with it which
would have been perfectly fine I think
with her my guest so I'm just
speculating but that seems the the more
likely explanation here's here's the
here's the tweet from today from the
president of the United States George
Conway often referred to as Mr kellyanne
Conway by those who know him is very
jealous of his wife's success and angry
that I with her help with her help this
is the fun part with her help didn't
give him a job he so desperately
needed I don't know if he desperately
needed it but uh so he's basically
saying that even his wife even his wife
didn't want him to get a
job even his wife didn't want him to get
this job uh and then the President says
I barely know him but just take a look a
stone cold loser and a husband from hell
now come
on I I get it when critics of the
president say you know you're being
unpresidential and in some way that
maybe is bad for the country but is
there any way that this is bad for the
country of course not this is good for
the country this is nothing but
entertainment courtesy of the
Entertainer
in-chief you know I say this all the
time that
um what part of the I'm going to call it
genius I'm going to call it genius part
of the genius of Trump's approach to the
the the campaign and then the presidency
is that he understands what other people
do not understand he understands that
the the show you know the the literally
the entertainment is part of the process
it's not it's not the unimportant part
part because what is it that we focus on
we focus on the show the entertainment
if that's what the public is looking at
and the president of the United States's
job is to get us to focus on the things
he wants so that we can make progress
the president understands us and so he
uses the show to focus you on
entertainment entertaining things when
that helps them to focus on what's
important when that helps him he's just
moving your focus around but he puts it
in an entertaining package so that you
want to go with it don't you want to
read this tweet I mean the tweet I just
read you is that not
entertaining did you not enjoy hearing
it even if you were an anti-trumper and
you said to yourself my God it's it's so
bad that a president of the United
States is saying insulting things about
the husband of his uh uh of his uh you
know loyal uh loyal what would you call
it
advisor um even the people who are like
a little bit bothered by it are also
entertained right he is intentionally
entertaining for a functional reason
which is that it sucks the energy out of
anything else you cared about and moves
it on this so what the brother president
does is he's a master of understanding
that the human mind is like a shelf and
if the shelf is full it won't process
anything else my shelf is full so the
president whenever he sees there's a
little empty shelf space in other words
whenever the news is slow the president
jumps in because he knows the worst
thing for him is a slow news day what
does CNN talk about when it's a slow
news day they talk about old news about
the president they'll talk about Russia
they'll talk about Cohen and it won't
even be new news or it will be trivial
new trivially new news it'll be new but
it's not that different so if he doesn't
fill the Shelf somebody else will so you
look at this this George Conway quote
and if you don't understand
persuasion if you don't understand the
human mind shelf space if you don't
understand the business model of the
press if you don't understand
communication if you don't understand
humor if you don't understand how the
show is part of the political process
and this president has has brought the
show like nobody ever even thought of
doing if you don't understand all those
things it just looks like
the president is being
foolish if you do understand persuasion
and you understand how the mind works
and you understand psychology and you
understand marketing you understand
branding you understand politics you
understand humor if you understand those
things you know exactly what he's doing
he has taken your mind from wherever it
might have been to this terribly
unimportant little dramatic entertaining
story about the husband of his of his
close adviser and it's just interesting
that's all it's just interesting and uh
it's kind of brilliant now how slow is
the slow news day let let's call up CNN
and take a look let me tell you the
types of things that
are the news so all CNN has this week
are the following headlines so I'm just
going to read their news page top
headline is Muller probe revelation
explain Trump's rage do you even need to
read
that why would you even bother reading
that article it's the same news you've
been watching for two years right that
there's something about the Mueller
probe that Trump doesn't like is that
news who raise your hand if you were not
aware that the president was unhappy
about meller that's their top headline
the president's unhappy about the Muller
report there's nothing new I mean I
think they have some detail that's new
that's
unimportant um in let's say uh here's
the next the next highest headline so
whatever is the at the top and the left
of the page are the important highlight
the important headlines because that's
where your eye goes first to the top
left so the next one is Muller's team
says is very busy this
week that's
it the the team is busy this week which
could mean one of two things they say in
the article one thing it could mean is
that they're wrapping up the other thing
it could mean is that they're not
wrapping up that's the news the news is
that Mueller might be wrapping up or he
might not be wrapping
up that's not news that's
nothing
um there's something about Mueller had
Cohen's email early but that's just more
slight change on the Cohen story with no
real importance to it like there's no
there's no therefore to it it's just
it's a
fact um Mueller's old boss working with
him was
terrifying that's just sort of
interesting color as it's not really
news um and then there's analysis all
right this is one of the top headlines
analysis explosive Russia Revelations
equal bad day for Trump so I thought to
myself explosive Russia Revelations I
better read that it's an article from 6
days
ago so the headline explosive Russia
Revelations is from six days ago I'm
sure I read the allegations from six
days ago don't even remember them I
don't know do you remember what happened
six days ago about Russia
Revelations pretty sure it wasn't
important right so see the context the
president's tweet about Mr uh you know
or about George Conway let's use his
actual name uh it comes in the context
of there's just not much going on so
he's he's made sure that it doesn't go a
bad way by making you focus on that all
right
so I've noticed a trend and I haven't
seen I haven't seen anybody put these
three things together yet probably
somebody has because I haven't watched
the news non stop but it seems to me
that the Democrats are considering three
different things one is lowering the
voting age Democrats are considering
that they're considering uh increasing
the number of people on the Supreme
Court so that they could just if they
get a Democratic president they could
just say hey let's let's put 10 more
people on there and they'll all be
Democrats um and then they're also
talking about changing the Electoral
College what do all of those things in
common
have in
common so everything that they want to
do has something to do with Democrats
winning um tell me how the average
person is helped by any of these things
so the Democrats have completely sort of
given up on coming up with
ideas with good ideas the the Democratic
like m
thrust is elect
us and I'm thinking to
myself okay you've got these some big
Ideas changing the voting age changing
the number on the Supreme Court changing
the elector college and I'm sure they
would like to change cherry mandering
and do some things on voter
suppression and um also they'd like to
legalize some illegal immigrants and you
and you look at all their big ideas and
you say to yourself that's a lot of Big
Ideas what do they all have in
common and indeed what does the green
Neal Green New Deal have in common with
all those things they don't have
anything to do with the
public they're all about getting
Democrats elected if if their big ideas
are hey hey I got a big idea it's
another way to get me
elected and as a voter I say that's
terrific do you have any big IDE ideas
for me do you have anything that would
work for me now uh somebody was
mentioning reparations in the comments
um I'm going to put down as a marker
this
prediction anybody who comes out in
favor of
reparations for this election cycle in
the in the future it might change but
for this election cycle nobody can win
the
presidency talking about reparations
even if it's on the table it's it's a
it's a self- Kill Shot there's no way
you can win with it but here's the
interesting thing it might be that the
only way you can get the Democratic
nomination is to be in favor of
reparations so I think the Democrats
have created a situation where they've
designed maybe accidentally but they
they've created a system on their side
where they can't win because two things
are true you probably have to be in
favor of reparations to get
nominated and being in favor of
reparations makes it impossible to win
the general election so I think they've
actually taken themselves out of the
game it looks like it and I'm starting
to wonder and and ask me if or or tell
me if you feel the
same is it starting to look as if the
Democrats are playing for
2024 has anybody said that yet um so let
me say it for for the first time what
I'm seeing from the entire Democratic
field is people who don't look like they
expect to
win has anybody else said that the
Democrats are not playing to win as far
as I can tell because the green New Deal
is really interesting and I actually I
have a lot of respect for it in the
sense that I like a big Vision I like
where it takes the you know the
political discussion even if it turns
out we don't
we don't do it in just the way they
imagine that's exactly where our mind
should be you know our mind should be
future future thinking our mind should
be science-based you know we should look
at the the big priorities so everything
about the green New Deal in terms of
where it takes our minds I kind of like
you know even if we if even if we end up
rejecting you know the the elements of
it that's where our minds should be with
that big stuff
but I don't know if you can win with
that has anybody done a study to show
that that's a winning general
election um topic so we've got this
interesting situation where um at the
moment Biden and Bernie are are solidly
in number one and number two positions
in the polls now initially that's
primarily because of name recognition
right and probably kamla Harris is
probably has the third best name
recognition or you know Betos in there
somewhere but basically it's just
organized by name recognition but let me
ask you
this when you look at Biden's popularity
at what is it does anybody know the
number what is Biden's popularity on the
Democratic side is it 15% or 30% or 20%
somewhere in that 15 to 30% I forget
where
but doesn't it seem to
you that both Bernie and Biden have a
cap in other words can an can an ancient
white
guy uh Inspire 28 so somebody's saying
that Biden's at
28% and somebody else is saying higher
all right so let's let's say this the
polls are arranging and that you know
one-third of the Democrats are liking
Biden as their first choice doesn't it
feel to you that that's also something
like his cap if you were to look at the
entire Democratic
field don't you think that a third of
them would be perfectly fine with an old
white guy as president maybe a third of
Democrats but doesn't it feel like
two-thirds of them would be
non-white or female and don't you think
that those people are saying uh I'm not
a Democrat so we can elect more very old
white guys it feels like 30% or so is
something like a cap for Biden or Bernie
in terms of enthusiasm so let me be more
specific I'm not saying who let me back
up whoever the Democratic Nomine nominee
is will get most of the Democrat votes
right so if Democrats vote they'll vote
for whoever the hell got nominated
they're not going to vote for
Trump but will they show
up will 23ds of the
Democrats would be excited about an old
white
guy I don't see
it I don't see the excitement happening
and I think that it it puts the uh the
black vote totally in play it puts the
Hispanic vote totally in play and puts
the woman vote totally in play th those
are the strongest things the Democrats
had so I'll say again that you know 2020
is still a million years away in terms
of political years Lots will happen the
things that happened between now and
then are probably the things that will
matter by the by election day so there's
almost nothing you could predict at this
point but if things go the way they're
going if if if straight line predictions
ever worked
it looks like a blowout to me it looks
like Trump is just going to just going
to walk through the field easily because
I don't think the Democrats are going to
have much left by the time they get to
the Finish Line all right um let's talk
about climate change um I'm G to I'm
going to make this
simple so there's a skeptic um who I
first saw on Mark Levin show on Fox News
and his name is uh Michael Patrick I
believe and he's Kato Institute guy
scientist got a lot of
degrees and he showed a chart and made
the following claim and what I like
about this is that when you're looking
at climate change it's very confusing
and I've been asking for a while can you
um can you can you break it down Patrick
Michaels thank you can you break down um
just one thing that a non-scientist
could look at
to determine whether the climate change
predictions of Doom are accurate or
inaccurate is there is there any one
thing we could measure is there any is
there one statistic we could all
understand and follow is there one
thermometer somewhere that's the one I
know there's not one thermometer but in
other words is there anything that a
non-scientist could look at a graph a
prediction uh an estimate and that they
could say okay if this is true true then
I should be very worried about climate
change but if it's not true then I'm not
worried is there anything that could be
that simple and Patrick Michaels
suggests something that is that simple
and a very interesting thing happened
when I tweeted it and here's the
interesting thing that happened so his
claim is this that each each of the
major countries have their own climate
models and there's a pretty big range of
where each country's preferred model
predicts that the temperature will go in
the future and so you know there's an
uncertainty
range and um I think all but one of them
all but one of the national models are
way hotter than what we've actually
measured and observed lately there is
one model that Nails it allegedly all
right so everything I say is with a I'm
not sure this is true so just put
allegedly in your mind
behind everything I say now allegedly
the Russian model not only uses the
correct variables as inputs things we
can measure and say okay this is this is
a correct input this is not a correct
input so his claim is that the Russian
model uses the correct inputs and has
predicted the actual temperature
accurately when all the other models
have not and if the Russian model
continues to be accurate as it has in
the
past it would
predict it would predict that there's no
problem because the Russian model shows
lower temperature
increases now what I like about this and
I'm not I'm not telling you here that
this is an accurate description I'm not
telling you it's not accurate I'm
telling you that this is the first time
I've heard a suggested
metric that would really tell me what I
want to know as a non-scientist and the
metric is this true or false just true
or false if you can true or false me
this one
thing and and I can be convinced that
you know your true or false is is
accurate I will have a
decision on how important climate change
is in terms of dire
consequences and it looks like this if
it's
true as the claim is made that the only
model that has accurately matched the
real measurements lately in other words
in the last 10 years or so if the only
one is that's done it is the Russian
model and it's also true that the
Russian model predicts a modest increase
in temperature one that you wouldn't
have to be that worried about if that's
true then climate
change is not something you need to get
too worried
about if it's not
true that there is a Russian model
that's the only one that does a good job
of predicting not only the past hind
casting but also the last 10 years or so
if it's the only one but if that's not
true then we we have to be worried
because all of the other models say
we're in trouble so if all of the other
models are the good ones and the Russian
one is just the stupid one then I'm
worried I want it just that so the only
thing I want
now is that one answer short of that one
answer I don't want to hear anything
else so what I did was is I tweeted it
um yesterday and then there was a
followup this morning and I asked people
to criticize that point so I I show the
graph it shows all of all of the you
know the the 30 or so models from the
other countries up here it shows the
Russian line all by itself down here
still going up but not as much and I say
is this is this graph accurate because
if it's
accurate to me the conversation is over
I don't need to know anything
else
um it seems like that would be the the
lever that would answer all the other
the other questions and so what kind of
answer did I get typically anytime that
I've tweeted any kind of a skeptical
argument against climate change do you
know what happens people immediately
send me to the debunking site so there
are several sites that have debunking of
of the Skeptics and so I wait and sure
enough somebody sends me to the
debunking site so I'm like oh okay once
again it's a it's a fake graph and I
look at the
debunk and the
debunk didn't
debunk the debunk said well you know
this should have been different this
should have been different and this
should have been different but it did
not debunk the primary claim which is
that the Russian model is the accurate
one and that the Russian model says
there's no trouble no trouble ahead not
not big
trouble so even the
debunkers did not expressly debunk the
point that the Russian model says
there's no problem and it's the only
accurate one so if the best debunker
I've seen doesn't even address the
point at this point preliminarily I
would say that climate change has been
debunked
now that doesn't mean we're done because
if 10 minutes from now somebody tweets
me something that says Scott you idiot
here's the real data that chart you're
looking at is just made up here's the
actual information nothing on that chart
is accurate now if somebody does that
I'm going to be back to the starting
place which is I can't tell the
difference I wouldn't really know if the
debunker is right or the original claim
I don't have any way to know but I could
at least determine the smart people say
it's not
accurate so far I have not seen smart
people say that that's wrong and
interestingly there's there's one
individual who is all over my
timeline who copies me on a lot of
tweets about climate change his name is
uh Jeff price Jeff with a g g EO FF and
he's
terrific on the scientific argument in
favor of climate change being a problem
and when I say he's terrific I mean that
I'm watching probably 95% of the people
talking about climate change in my feed
are
Skeptics and one by one he takes all of
their skeptical arguments and he
annihilates them he he just rips them to
shred
and even not being a scientist when you
see um you
see somebody saying it's pronounced g
off I don't think that I think it's Jeff
um when that when he annihilates people
he points to the data and he's far more
knowledgeable and I think in every case
I've seen where he's come into the
conversation I would say his argument is
just way better so I've been watching
him just annihilate Skeptics skeptical
Arguments for months I think I think for
months he's been just annihilating the
Skeptics and he does it so well that
it's gotten to the point where I'm
thinking man I'd like to get this guy on
my um on my Periscope but he doesn't
follow me so I can't send him a message
I follow him and and I thought well
that's interesting because he should
follow me since he's all over my
timeline but I looked I looked
specifically for him to see what his
debunking was of the uh Patrick Michaels
point that only the Russian model is
correct and it's not there now remember
the first things I said earlier in this
Periscope I said the fact that something
isn't there doesn't is not conclusive so
he might come in today and and debunk it
I'll be waiting for that but my larger
point is all I want to know about
climate change is is it true that the
Russian model is the only accurate one
and that it says there's not much of a
problem in the future it's all I want to
know so for me the whole conversation of
climate change is closed until I get
that answer if I never hear that answer
I don't know if I'm interested in
anything else because there should be
somewhere in the world a chart
that is the improved version of uh
Patrick Michaels chart if such a thing
exists so I don't want to hear somebody
say well there are a few problems with
his chart I want them to show me the
real chart I want to see the two of them
side by side and I want to see that the
real chart says that that Russian one is
wrong does that exist because I would be
convinced if you can show me that
uh you could talk me into it pretty
well all right
um let me give you uh for those of
you who uh have been following my
startup and also following the issue of
conservatives being kicked off the
platforms um some of you know that my uh
my interface by whenhub app we added a
donate
button so um so I'm going to tell you
there's something new happening right
now that's kind of exciting so right now
if you download the free app called
interface by whenhub which I will show
you here um and there there is a new
thing you can either find an expert or
be an expert if you would like to
receive donations and you don't want to
be on patreon you can just be an expert
takes you probably 60 seconds to just
create a PL create a profile if you're
on here as an expert you don't ever have
to take any calls you can just have a
profile so you can just create a profile
and just never take any calls but I'll
just look at any one of these here's
Brock
Alexander and he has a donate button so
it's there automatically so in the app
you automatically have a donate button
but here's what we did we added the
ability to put a donate button on your
web page and then the web page will just
take you to the app or it'll take you to
a web page that acts like the app so you
now have the ability if you go to
whenhub
uh.com so when
hub.com if you go there you can search
for a Creator and if you've signed up
yourself you find yourself and then we
show you the HTML code just to copy it's
very easy it says press this button to
copy this code and then if you have a
blog or a web page you can just paste it
into your HTML
people who know how to do blogs know how
to do that just put it in HTML mode
paste it in there and then your blog
will have a button that says donate and
that donate button will open up the
interface by whenhub app or a web page
and people can donate to you so we have
taken the patreon model into the outside
the app so you can take that button and
you can put it
anywhere um in the current version at
one
hub.com if you tried to make a call from
that you'd have to download um download
our app on for the browser if you're not
comfortable with downloading an app for
a browser which might be about half of
you just wait about a week and we'll
have it in browser mode so no downloads
are necessary at the moment if you
wanted to see it in it's in its brand
new form or there might be I don't know
might be a bug or something um you could
go to Wi hub.com and take a look and
sign up for a free account all you have
to do is put in your profile information
and you can have a donate button I have
a donate button and if anybody wants to
support what I do on Periscope you can
do that at patreon because I do have a
patreon account Scott Adam says or you
can do it at the interface by one Hub
app
um and let's that's uh yeah R Dave Ruben
and um Jordan Peterson have talked about
creating an app for conservatives for
donations let me I don't know where
that's at but let me make a general
statement um I don't know how much
experience Dave Rubin and Jordan
Peterson have of working with developers
and creating apps and I also don't know
if maybe it's already almost done and
somebody was working on it but I'll make
a general
statement however long you think this
should take you're probably not even
close right the reason that my startup
could create this function is because we
had
95% of it done for another purpose if
you were to start from scratch and just
say I'd like to build a competitor to
patreon if you talk to a developer the
developer would say yeah that's going to
take that could take me 60
days two years later you would almost be
done so my
guess my guess without I don't have any
inside information so I'm I'm just going
to make a general statement that however
long Dave Rubin and Jordan Peterson
hoped it would take for their
solution probably they're finding out
that it's not even close close to
whatever the first person told them so
usually the first person you talk to
says yeah 60 days I can slam that
together it'll be
solid 60 days comes and goes it's going
to be two years all right um somebody
says I'm a developer and I agree yeah if
you talk to anybody who's a developer
you get a a similar description so I I'm
rooting for Dave Rubin and uh Jordan
Peter and to succeed in whatever they're
doing so I would love to have options
out there if it's better than what I'm
doing and it works well that's that's
the way it goes but I worry that it's
not
imminent uh I just but I don't know so
that's up to them to say how imminent it
is uh what's my opinion on Judge Janine
suspension um you know I I don't even
remember what exactly she said that got
her suspended so I don't have a opinion
on
that uh I do like the F the fact that um
Donna Brazil is joining Fox News I think
that's a good
play um I like her I like Donna
Brazil um like as a TV
personality um I I think she' be as you
know from from just a business
perspective I think she's a solid Choice
yeah people are saying but she's a
cheater but we know that right so you
could discount that when she talks about
the news you can say well that's either
Rings true or it doesn't all right
that's all I got to say for now and I
will talk to you later