our stocks today before we get going
here stocks look like they're uh mostly
up I got killed on
something okay looks like there's a lag
well let's open up our comments and
we're going to have a show oh my
goodness the show you're going to see
today again I'm jealous I wish I were
you so I can watch the show instead of
do doing the show but doing the show is
pretty fun too I got to say
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization
today with a whiteboard if you'd like to
take your experience up to levels that
nobody can understand with their tiny
shiny human brains all you need is is a
cuper muger glass a tanker chel A din a
canteen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine of the
day that thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens
now oh that was really
good that was a good sip right there
well good news good news there's a
revolutionary anti-aging therapy um
according to scitec Delhi researchers at
Duke uh and US medical school they
figured out that interlan 11 is uh very
influential in your aging so if they can
disarm this inter luk and 11 which they
think they can do you could live up to
25%
longer now good luck feeding you but
there'll be lots of you imagine if
everybody just started Living 25% longer
I feel like that would destroy
civilization am I wrong about that be
careful what you ask for yeah how would
you feed them all
anyway uh X is going to make a change
that if you block somebody as I love to
do you'll still be able to see their
content but they won't be able to
interact with you which works for me now
I don't know if you have this experience
on X those of you who use it but there
are lots of things that people uh re uh
repost and there'll be some message
where I can't read it and it doesn't say
unblocked it says something like the
user limits who can see their posts or
something like that I don't even know
what causes that but some large
percentage of all the things that people
send to me and say hey look at this I
can't look at um large percentage maybe
5% but that's a lot so maybe that'll go
away
um you know the story about uh the Biden
administration had that $42 billion set
aside to build internet access to all
the rural people and time went by and
nobody got hooked up and you said to
yourself why
why did nobody get hooked up and I
always thought to myself that the
government funding of anything like this
whether it's a local city or national or
State issue I think that 100% of these
are just
corrupt and here's what I assume I
assume that there are too many ways for
a person in government to make money for
themselves even if it's just donations
for the next race by deciding who it's
what
contracts cuz if you've got billions of
dollars to
allocate don't you just find the
friendliest person you can and say I get
a deal for you we're going to give you a
few billion dollars to do this work
you'll be rich Beyond any imagination
but I am going to come and ask for some
favors in return perhaps you will make
large donations to my campaign in the
future Perhaps Perhaps um somebody
that's in my family who is starting a
company might need an investment and
that has nothing to do with me I mean
you your investment arm might do
whatever it wants to do and might
actually like that business that my
cousin is working on so there are a
million
ways to do corrupt things with gigantic
amounts of money that the government has
to give to private citizens for various
Services I think our elected officials
should not be in that business at all I
I think you have to remove the elected
officials from allocating large amounts
of money I'm okay with it making laws
you can still make laws because we can
watch that happen if we don't like it
we'll vote against you but if you're
moving gigantic amounts of money around
in sketchy ways where we can't really
know if you really pick somebody who is
your brother-in-law you can't always
know none of that works if you to write
down that system on paper say all right
I'm going to design the system here's
the system we're going to have billions
of dollars sloshing around with nobody
watching carefully and we'll have our
elected officials decide who gets the uh
you know wins the bids who in the
world who in the world would said that
was a good
idea the only thing I can think of for
how we got to this place is that when
the founders who built the system there
just wasn't that much money floating
around so it wasn't like there were
billions of dollars floating around and
it would be easy to you know to to make
sure that you got a taste of it so maybe
they just didn't think about it and and
you could tell where the money was being
spent just by looking you know maybe it
was just a simpler time but I think we
somehow have to get out of our system
entirely that the people in charge get
to make the decisions so what are what
are some of the problems well some of
the problems is they would spend too
much and there would be corruption those
are the obvious problems you want to
hear another problem well according
according to
uh according to several people including
commissioner Brendan Carr that the F he
said this was the worst abuse of agency
process I have seen in my 12 years of
working at the FCC so I think the short
version of this is that the reason
things were held up so long
to get that funding out and have it
spent so people could get internet in
rural areas is that they were kind of
waiting for their preferred Democrat
vendor to be ready to take the
deal so I don't know the full details
but it looks like it's exactly what you
thought it was it wasn't
incompetence it was waiting till they
could give the money to their
preferred person so that's that's what
it looks like so imagine the choices
that the government had they could spend
far less money and be ready immediately
just by using Elon Musk product but that
would be giving these spare billions of
dollars that the government has sitting
around to the person who might spend
them against them because Elon Musk
might be you know if he has extra money
maybe some of that's
funding Republican related stuff
so at all expense no matter what
happened to the citizens who needed that
internet the Democrats were still
willing to completely embarrass
themselves and do this criminality I
call it criminal right in front of the
whole country as long as it was good for
them and then they did and then people
complained and then what did the public
say did the public rise up and say well
I'm trying to feed my family today but
now You' brought up this issue about the
fcc's uh inefficient and possible
corrupt allocation of bids no you don't
care about that you'd have to be in the
top 1% of 1% of people who follow the
news even to care about that story
because you know I got 50 stories that
are you know at least as
interesting so we don't have a system
that even when this is uncovered and
made public and it's in the news
nothing can really be done about it
because there's no there's no correcting
system normally the correcting system
would be you publish it you expose it
and then somebody's going to have to
make a
correction nothing like that's
happening there's a story there's an
exposure seems pretty clear and obvious
and you know I don't even think there's
any doubt about what happened I'm I'm
not even sure anybody's arguing The
Narrative here and it's just
complicated and it's one of many things
so we're just going to ignore
it so that's our
system anyway um so I would say that one
thing we need more than just about
anything it's destroying all of our
cities is that the decision of who gets
the contracts cannot be the elected
officials they just can't have they
can't touch it that they need to be a
full you know what do we used to call a
Chinese
wall um I I hope that's referring to the
gray wall of China and not some RAC
racist Trope that I don't know I just
used is it racist to say a Chinese
wall I don't know you can't say the the
virus came from a Chinese
lab anyway so uh here's another story
about uh our
system so according to f.org
uh there are some robotss they got some
robots that are measuring the
temperature of the deep
ocean and uh it's the Deep Argo floats
and they they went in and they collected
a bunch of data about the ocean and then
they compared it
to um to other temperature stuff that
they did without these robots so surface
temperatures and other measures and they
decided that uh the ocean is getting
warmer
what do you think I'm going to say about
this story do you know me well enough by
now let let let me just say the most
confident thing I could ever
say we can't measure the temperature of
the
ocean you all know that right so here's
a story telling us that they've got this
robot it's measuring the temperature of
the ocean well I'm sure it got data and
I don't even doubt the accuracy of its
measure measurement
devices but how much of the ocean do you
think they
measured I mean just ask yourself how
much did they
measure and I don't know if you know
this this may come as a shock to you but
the ocean doesn't have
walls I mean you know out out in the
middle of the ocean there are no
walls it turns out that the warmth where
you measured it the moment you're done
measuring it it can kind of move over
somewhere else where maybe it wasn't so
warm
before no if you know anything about the
real world and you've lived in it for
five minutes you know you can't measure
accurately enough the temperature of the
ocean I'm sorry that's not a doable
thing that a human being can do with
current technology could we do it
someday one could imagine that one could
imagine a million
drones that uh periodically drop you
know temperature measurements into a
million different places chosen randomly
and they do it on a regular basis and
then we track it for 30 years that might
be pretty good I don't know but that
might be pretty good do you think we're
doing that do you think we're putting a
million drones down every other day in
random
places
no no we're not we're dropping a robot
to in the in the ocean and then trying
to tell people who were probably in
charge of funding it that it was all
very successful and they should be very
happy they spent their money measuring
the temperature of the
ocean do you remember when you used to
believe stuff like
that when somebody would tell you yeah
we measured the
ocean and you thought huh good job I
wouldn't know how to do it myself but
I'm glad you're out there just killing
it and measuring the temperature of the
ocean no don't believe that uh meanwhile
RFK Jr is saying that uh this is this is
a great just a great way to put
something I tell you RFK Jr is I don't
know how much comes all from him and how
much he has help with speechwriting and
messaging but damn he's good so good
listen to this one quote for half the
price of OIC we could purchase Oran IC
food for every American three meals a
day and gym memberships for every obese
American now there are probably a
million different ways to say the
message he was
saying but somehow he picked the best
one this is really good to to
immediately just put that OIC thing
because it's in the news right so if you
pick anything that's already on people's
minds you're you're automatically good
messaging because you're not making them
think of something you're finding
something they're already thinking about
that's that's a key to good messaging
and persuasion find something they're
already thinking about and then you've
got something to tie your messaging to
so that's what he
did and now you might say is that true
you could purchase organic food three
meals a day for every American for half
the price of
OIC I don't know who knows I don't even
know if you could calculate such a thing
but doesn't it make you want to think
think about it a little while makes you
pause you go really well how much do we
spend on o zpic and so half of that
would that really would that really buy
all that food and how much is a gym
membership anyway so it doesn't matter
that it's exactly you know those numbers
match exactly what does matter of course
is is it directionally correct yes it is
yes it would be great if we didn't have
to stick of drug us to be healthy if we
just ate better and
exercise
so and uh he points out that even the
Danish government doesn't recommend OIC
it recommends a change in diet and
exercise so he says uh it's a Danish
company by the way so it's a Danish
company that makes OIC but the country
it comes from doesn't recommend
it but we're not Danish and it's not a
Danish company and we're we're just
sucking thatu in like
crazy and Kennedy says why are members
of Congress doing the bidding of the
Danish company instead of standing up
for farmers and children very good
question very good
question um related to this is could
vertical
farming help uh help us vertical farming
is indoor farming where instead of just
having a row of stuff on the ground you
build a wall wall and the the full wall
is full of plants and then you can use
the space more efficiently but there are
some thoughts according to Sky Mech
publication um that if you kept fiddling
with the
light and the the water and the
nutrients and the spacing and all that
stuff if you just kept filling with it
you would just keep getting better at it
until this was a real big part of our
food system now remember if you do a
vertical Farm an indoor Farm it can be
placed close to the people who consume
it so you take away all the storage and
all the shipment costs and energy costs
are high so and then apparently you can
do things with regulating the light so
you save a bunch of money at light by
not using all the light right away and
stuff like that so here's what I think I
think you could easily imagine that an
industry will pop up where first of all
all the uh the vertical farming
components are just um easy to buy and
there's competition so You' need some
kind of racks or shelving to get the
height somebody probably already is just
making those and you just say okay I'll
buy these and put them in my farm
likewise uh there have been a number of
developments with light you know indoor
artificial light to get just the right
frequency and stuff like that and I've
also seen stories about people using
music and vibrations to to make their
plants 10 times bigger so I feel
like this is a little bit like indoor
farming is sort of the Model T of
automobiles where if you looked at the
Model T you'd say to yourself I'm not so
sure everybody's going to want one of
these you know if it rains you going to
get
wet what what good is an automobile if
it if you get wet when it rains nobody
is going to buy these modeles but of
course they got better every year and
they continued to get better so I think
vertical farming is the future let's
talk about Diddy the you all know the
Diddy story but what is interesting to
me is how many probably innocent people
are getting dragged into this story now
I'm going to mention some names of
celebrities but I want to be very
careful that my context is telling you
that they're
innocent right they're going to be
dragged into this Diddy stuff but
they're innocent until they're proven
guilty and as far as I know they're not
proven guilty of anything so I'm going
to call them all
innocent and you better you better bring
me some good information to change my
mind but it seems like when you have a
story like this where there's sort of a
let's call it a black box of Badness
where you don't know exactly what
happened behind closed doors you can
kind of throw everybody into it so now
we have
let's see mayor Adams of New York City
so one of the rumors today is that he he
knew too much or he has has some
connection with the Diddy stuff or
blackmail or something there's no
evidence of that none it's just that
he's a public figure he's having some
legal issues it's around the same
time then there were there was a whole
bunch of music Executives who suddenly
announced the resignation right after
the Diddy thing broke so people saying
well that's a lot of
coincidental you know people leaving the
business just at the time could it be
related or is it just because it's the
end of the year and that's when people
like to uh retire anyway I don't know
but innocent to proven guilty poor
Justin Bieber is um he would be a victim
if anything but we don't know what did
or did not happen I worry the most about
him because the circumstantial evidence
looks pretty damning but I think we have
to wait to hear from
him um he may have he may now have the
freedom to actually say what happened
whereas obviously he didn't have the
freedom before so we might find out a
lot from Justin and I I hope he was not
as victimized as people are speculating
then there was this star Aaron Carter I
hope I have the right name he was a
young sort of a Bieber kind of a you
know young fell fellow who was also part
of that Diddy world and he allegedly
died young and some people are saying
well was it did he really die or was he
murdered I'm not making any assumptions
here again I'm just telling you that
people are being dragged into the story
who some number of them probably had
nothing to do with
anything there's a whole bunch of Ashton
cutcher stories apparently I didn't know
this but there's a a well-known story
where Ashton cutcher earlier in his
career was going on a date with somebody
he had not yet met in person I think and
he went to pick her up and she didn't
answer the door uh and later it was
found that she had been stabbed to death
47 times so she was inside she was just
dead by the time he got to his date and
he'd been talking to her you know during
the night
now I have no reason to believe he was
in in any way involved with any bad
behavior however
how many of you have had the experience
of becoming a TV and movie star but also
showed up somebody's house when they
were
slain that's just a weird coincidence
isn't it like how many how many stories
that are different from every story
anybody else would tell does Ashton
Kutcher have you know then he becomes a
successful
investor you know
separately interesting
anyway uh Asher of course he was one of
the ones who stayed at Diddy's house now
we're seeing old videos of him talking
about it in generic terms but now it
doesn't look so generic and you think oh
my God they were trying to tell
us but again I'm not going to assume
that anybody did anything or had
anything done to to them we don't know
yet uh even then I saw today even I'm
not going to name who even mentioned
this but uh today Monica Lewinsky was
thrown into the mix now this is the one
I believe the
least um but the suggestion is that
during the time if you know the
Epstein if you know that Epstein was a
blackmailer and you know that Monica
somebody said she's Jewish which
shouldn't mean anything I I think that's
confirmed because she dated Jake Tapper
and they met on a J date or Jewish
website dating site so that doesn't mean
she's working for is
and it doesn't mean she's you she was
co-opted by Epstein or any of that it's
just that she gets dragged into the
story because she's a public figure and
we don't know everything that happened
in that situation so I would say the
odds of her being a Israeli spy
low I'm not ready to be interested in
that story but U my story is about how
people are getting dragged into it so
she got dragged into it a little bit
today uh Lebron James I guess he was
pretty tight with h Diddy so uh lots of
rumors about LeBron again I'm not aware
of anything he did
illegal um or even knew about so we
don't know and then all of this brought
Kanye back in the news because now the
things that Kanye said that sounded
crazy when you when you listen to them
again through the lens of knowing what
actually happened it's a little less
crazy I'm not ready to say that
everything Kanye said is true and he had
his you know he had his issues with the
Jewish people who's working with I'm not
going to endorse it or you know uh say
anything about that that's his business
but everybody's getting Dragged In makes
you wonder and then uh then 50
Cent you know he seems to be the most
innocent because from early on he was
saying things showing that he's not part
of that but he also said that he was on
a I saw in a talk show I don't know how
long ago it looked reasonably
recent that he said he's
celibate and by choice because uh it's
just basically causes problems when
you're
not do you believe that do you believe
the 50 Cent who could probably have as
much sex as he wanted every day as much
you know all day long uh decided not to
have any
I don't know it could be that he's
pranking he could be
pranking but it might be true it might
be
true anyway Trump uh went to a grocery
store and I think he bought some
groceries for somebody um it was
mentioned that I had suggested he go to
a grocery store and bag
groceries I wish he had bag groceries
because the visual of him chatting with
a real person you know while they're
both standing there and he's deciding
what goes in the bottom of the bag and
you know how many bags you need to me
that would just be magic so it was it
was a good play going to where there're
real people and where the story
naturally is about inflation because
he's in the grocery store same thing
with um pumping
gas you know there are a couple states
where you can pump gas I would still
love to see somebody drive up to the
pump in one of those States I think New
Jersey and Washington or something I
can't remember which states and just
have Trump walk out and give you gas and
then chat with you about the price of
gas I would love that it it would just
be so natural because every time I don't
know if you noticed this but 100% of the
time that Trump talks in
public the the anti-trump Press will
find something to take an a context and
you know some reason to not like it but
every time every time Trump talks to
Citizens it's a home
run and you know I I'm Pro this because
I was lucky enough I've told you too
many times that uh you I spent some time
with them at the White House um in 2018
when he was just I think he was just
Shoring up support among the people that
he knew supported
him and spending time with him is the
easiest most fun thing you'll ever do in
your life to me it was a highlight of
really my whole life um he is so good so
good on the individual Charisma human
interaction level that the more he does
of that it's just magic so this was a
good
play all right let's talk about
propaganda which you call news so
Anderson Cooper and James
caralon and uh listen to some of the
things that that Cooper says
when you think that he's having somebody
on to get some news from the person he's
talking to but you find out that the
person he's talking to is irrelevant
because he's making the news by his
statements in other words he's he's
using the interview just to spread
propaganda this is my
interpretation so here's something that
Cooper said to Carville on the air quote
when you look at the last couple of
months you have uh Donald Trump talking
about Haitians eating cats and dogs dogs
his candidate in North Carolina talking
about himself as a black Nazi on a porn
site he brought 9/11 conspiracy theorist
to a 911 memorial ceremony and then he
says to Carville why do you think it's
this
close now that sounds a little like
payback because this is what I've been
saying so almost every day I tell you
something that's so ridiculously absurd
coming out of the Harris campaign and I
always end with and the polls are tie
because to me it's
hilarious that you could have somebody
who is afraid to appear in public who's
running for president who has no
accomplishments
whatsoever is part of the administration
that everybody thinks failed and that is
close and we know exactly what Trump did
in the first term and if you were to
compare that to what has happened
recently it's I don't think it's close I
one was anti-war one was proar I mean to
me it doesn't look close
but can you tell that the way Cooper uh
phrased the question that it was never
about the question it was about him
saying that Trump is so bad that why
doesn't the public see it yet when we
the news keep telling them here I'm the
news I'm telling you I'm telling you
he's bad why don't you vote differently
yeah that was no news value no news
value nor could there have possibly been
any news value there wasn't even any
potential for news value it was pure
propaganda in which the person who was
the guest in this case
Carville was was really a prop he wasn't
even part of the process he was just a
prop now what is what is Carville most
famous for he most famous for helping
Clint didn't originally get elected and
for using the phrase It's the economy
stupid so he was the smart one who said
people care about you know buying
groceries you if you keep it to that
you're going to win and then Clinton did
do you do you hear Carville say that
anymore do you do you hear Carville say
it's the economy stupid do you think you
stop being about the economy when the
economy is actually more important to
people now than maybe just about any
time except the Great Depression
no Carville can't even say the thing
that made him
famous just think about
that when they bring on the worst than
Watergate guys I always joke about that
they make sure that the worst than
Watergate guys say something was worse
than Watergate but uh when Trump said he
wants to eat a cat was that worse than
Watergate oh that's worse than Watergate
so much worse than
Watergate but you bring on Carville
who is the famous it's the economy
stupid but he can't say
that do you know
why do you know why Carville can't say
it's the economy
stupid
because it's the economy
stupid he can't say it because it's true
just just hold that in your mind he
can't say
it because it's true
and and Trump uh dominates in the
Public's mind about who would do a
better job in the economy so the moment
you put uh Carville on the air and then
Carville says what made him famous which
was always true and remains maybe even
more true today nope can't say it
because it's
true so then uh here's here's the second
Anderson Cooper propaganda
thing um and what you should watch for
is how the question is the only thing
with
substance and then the guest that he has
on adds absolutely nothing right here's
so here's what happens um so Cooper
starts out with uh you stating that what
he would consider an obvious truth I
guess so he stated it like you know
everybody knows this so here's the thing
that everybody knows that propagandist
Cooper told his uh his dumb viewers
he said that uh obviously hand counting
would have more
errors that does that track with what
you know that hand counting would have
more errors than machine
counting the entire reason that this was
talking about Georgia just changed the
law so that in Georgia the ballots will
have to be handc counted they're not
going to use machines for that so this
of course if it's true that Georgia was
massively cheating using the complexity
of their various systems then the hand
counting would eliminate their ability
to do
that why would a news
organization be
opposed to somebody getting read of all
the complexity that lowered The
credibility of the
result and putting in the system that
everybody who knows anything about
elections thinks is the better system
the paper ballots especially when you
have somebody watching you count them
let me ask you this if you've got a
Democrat and a and a republican watching
every ballot get counted which is how
you should do it how many mistakes are
you going to
make is the Watcher going to go to the
bathroom or
something I don't know and then if you
don't get the right answer you can
always just count it again so you have a
perfect audit because you just recount
it you can't do that with the current
system
so here's what uh so first Cooper says
it's sort of an obvious that hand
counting is bad that is the opposite
from true but he stated it like it
doesn't even need to be discussed it's
just you know everybody could tell hand
counting I mean really how how are you
going to compare like a stupid human to
a computer obviously the computer is
going to be better at math I mean
seriously right no the hand counting is
by far the more reliable system and that
why it's used it's used specifically
because it's more
reliable that's the only
reason anyway maybe because it's cheaper
in some
cases uh so then the guest who is there
to add value said stuff like uh blah
blah blah they're trying to carry
Trump's water they ankle biters
conspiracy theories uh there basically
Mega this he didn't have anything on the
topic nothing he didn't say well the
Studies have shown that this is bad idea
nope well here's the logical reason why
this can't work nope he simply insulted
Republicans he he was a guest to talk
about this technical issue of ballots
versus you know
machines and all he had was some insults
to Republicans he didn't even he didn't
even try to offer a reason why anything
was better or worse or
preferred and
then Cooper ends the segment by
reminding the audience that we do know
the 2020 election was
fair and everything was
fine which is a
lie because we don't have a system that
could be audited completely and
therefore there is no way to know it was
fair we can only know that nobody proved
in the court that it was unfair in time
so one lie that hand counting is
unreliable and then he ends it with
knowing that we we know for sure that
which cannot be known which is the
quality of the prior election can't be
known there's no way to know it the only
thing he could have done to make it
Dumber is to say our elections are as
accurate as our ability to use a robot
to measure the temperature of the entire
ocean
should have thrown that in
there well what is the most ignored
story of 2024 that also was the most
important well here's my
nomination now I think this is all
true so I have to say that first it
could be ignored because maybe I have
something wrong maybe it's not true but
I think it's true I saw the documents I
I didn't see anybody just debunk them so
the claim is and
uh you you see this in a bunch of places
but uh the claim is that uh we now know
in writing because we have the document
that Trump gave clear instructions to
the Pentagon before the January 6 riots
that he wanted to make sure that they
were fully staffed and they had all the
all the defensive military assets they
needed and they were all ready to go so
that there was no violence that day now
that one fact if that's
true completely eliminates the entire
Democrat um reason for running against
Trump their main thing is that January 6
proved that he's an insurrectionist and
now we have written proof written we
have the documents to show that he
absolutely was trying to make sure that
there was no violence how exactly was he
going to take over the country with with
troops that were not loyal to him I mean
they were loyal to their senior officers
and they were there to protect the
capital from his
people in what way do any of the
narratives make sense about it was some
kind of an
Insurrection now I should be clear that
and so my main point is this is the most
ignored story of
2024 two questions for you my audience
is this true is is this story
true that we do know for sure that Trump
was trying to organize and put effort
into it and that uh the help was denied
by maybe Millie because of Optics when
it came down to it
so if this is
true everything we've been told about
January 7 6 is a lie and also the
January 6 commission if they were aware
of this and they left of the report they
all need to be in
jail is that too far the January 6
commission if they knew this
fact they knew that this document exists
and they didn't include it in the
process they need to be in jail in jail
like seriously they need to be in jail
like right away because that would be
one of the biggest crimes I've ever seen
in the history of the United States non
non-financial crime it would be the
biggest one
you know not counting something that's
violent hurts people although in a sense
this was this did hurt people you could
argue that not giving Trump that
military assistance was the reason
people died so I guess you did kill
people through this political
process so
yes um to me that looks like election
interference by the j6 um committee and
I think they should be charged and
jailed for that and I really think they
should be jailed for that you know I'm
not I'm not a fan of using lawfare to go
after your other side so there's a lot
of things that may or may not have been
said or done by let's say Harrison Biden
that even if they look pretty illegal I
feel like we'd all be better off if
maybe we just moved on and try to make
sure it doesn't happen in the future
whatever it is but the committee the j6
committee I I don't give them the same
same kind of analysis to me they just
look like
criminals that's what I see I think they
should be in
jail anyway um Jim aost on CNN had to uh
he had to confess that the latest New
York Times poll said that Comm K Harris
is support among Latino voters in
Arizona is down 11% since last month but
then he added this this is Jim aasta and
CNN quote if you believe this New York
Times
poll so they get a poll they don't like
and then he adds if you believe
it wouldn't wouldn't you have to add
that for every
poll it seems like you should say that
for every single poll if you believe
that but only the ones I don't like I
guess you've probably heard that the uh
attempted assassin the second one on the
golf course that Ryan Ruth guy or
ralth uh he wrote a letter I don't know
when he wrote this maybe after he got
jailed admitting he failed in trying to
kill Trump but he offered a $150,000
reward to someone who could finish the
job and then our department of
justice decided that you should see that
letter
why why did we really need to see that
because you could argue that if if you
think we should see anything well maybe
we should see everything like everything
you know like show us right away as soon
as you know but we know they don't do
that we know that when it's an ongoing
investigation that they hold the facts
back as long as possible
um but why would they publish this when
it obviously seems like it creates
danger for the president well to me it
looks like the reason was to create
danger for the president now I don't
know that I can't read any minds but I
don't don't really know the second
possibility like what would be the other
reason for doing it wouldn't wouldn't
every one of you have consider this
inappropriate to put in public if you
got the job tomorrow
of being in charge of whether somebody
saw that picture saw that letter or not
wouldn't you suppress
it because I don't know what news value
it had other than bringing up the idea
that somebody could get a
Payday well related to
that
um You probably heard that uh Matt Gates
is talking about uh apparently we know
there are five assassination teams in
the United States now where he gets that
I don't know but I do think that he
doesn't make it up so I think he's got
some inside knowledge about that and if
there are five teams and allegedly one
of them is a Ukrainian based
team shouldn't we stop all
funding to
Ukraine if we have information that a
Ukrainian assassination team is on
American soil or some of them shouldn't
we immediately stop funding if we knew
it
if it came from the government I can't
imagine it wouldn't come from the
government um and then we have the
interesting connection that that uh
ralth guy the second attempted assassin
spent a bunch of time in Ukraine it was
pro-ukraine and was trying to do
everything to help Ukraine and would
imagine that taking out Trump would help
Ukraine so the question that Gates asks
which is a good question is
this guy couldn't possibly have been
operating alone and if we know there's a
Ukrainian hit
team do we have everything we need to
know I mean it's not
confirmation but if anyone was on a
Ukrainian hit team it would have been
this guy because if you're a smart
Ukrainian hit team you don't use a
Ukrainian to hit the president if a
Ukrainian pulled the trigger
things aren't going to go well for
Ukraine you all know that right and
Ukraine would know that so same with
Iran if there's an Iranian hit team the
last thing they want to do is be the
Iranians that pull the trigger that's
not going to happen so we've got two
cases of people who got spun up rather
quickly to be attempted assassins I
wouldn't be surprised if Kooks was
influenced by
Iran and uh
ralth was influenced by
Ukraine or some factors within Ukraine
not necessarily zalinsky but can't rule
it
out so there's that uh the national
pulse points out that the Washington
Post is trying to uh remind us that it
would be totally normal on Election Day
if Trump is way ahead when you go to
sleep but then all those mail and
ballots get counted and then and
suddenly Biden comes from behind so just
like last election we're being told that
the normal most credible thing in the
world is for a last minute dump of Biden
votes that feels exactly like we're
being set up for a
steal in fact I don't even have a second
way to think about it now you could
imagine that if it were all legitimate
they'd still need to say it to make sure
that you didn't think it was
illegitimate but man we are at such a
low trust point in
Civilization that when somebody does
something that's so obviously could have
that other meaning you know maybe not
the positive meaning I just I'm so
biased toward well that looks like
you're setting us up for a
steal I don't know it but every part of
my body feels like that's what happened
so that's not ideal
um then in other news uh Trump joked
that he has a person what he called a
personality defect he says I don't like
anybody that doesn't like
me now he is so good at making news with
little things that don't matter like
almost anytime he words things is just
perfect writing this is so it's hard so
hard to look
away because on one hand he didn't say
anything cuz you and I have the same
feeling right how many of you love the
people who think you're not most of
us mostly we like people who like us I
know I do if somebody likes me you'd
have a hard time talking me liking you
that's for sure but if you don't like
me you think I'm going to say you know
this person doesn't like me but I think
they're awesome there are some
situations in which I do that there are
some cases where people hate me but it's
not returned CU I think they hate me for
reasons that you know they're just
confused if they actually knew real
facts and still hated me they're not my
friend but if they if they've been
brainwashed by somebody I you know I
take that into
consideration but anyway uh I think he's
just like it the rest of us but he says
it in a more provocative way meanwhile
in Arizona there was this Democrat uh
campaign office that uh somebody shot up
so just a few bullets nobody was there
and I think that whoever shot it could
tell that nobody was there maybe it was
at night or something but isn't that
convenient that just when the
conversation is hey you Democrats keep
saying things that get our president
shot at and they don't have a good
answer for it because it doesn't seem
equivalent in both directions and then
oh oh a mysterious person shoots at a
Democrat office in Arizona huh well
certainly we can add that to our
narrative to say that the the rhetoric
coming from the right is so bad that
there's some rightwing lunatic probably
a white supremacist who grabbed his gun
way too many guns as you've been told by
the Democrats went down to that office
and tried to kill some Democrats and
weren't they lucky that none of them
were in the office at that
time does this feel like a real story to
you or does it sound like it's a little
too on the
nose as in it's the perfect story at the
perfect time with no
victims that's a little
convenient it's a little bit too
convenient now I can't rule out the fact
that there was just a crazy person with
a gun who doesn't like Democrats wasn't
trying to hurt anybody but was just
being a dick and thought I'm going to
put a couple of bullets through their
building just to show him I hate him no
I can see that so I'm not saying it's
not I'm not saying it's impossible that
some Republican thought ain't nobody's
home I'm going to put a couple of
bullets in their
house I'm not in favor of that in case
you couldn't
tell um but it's just a little too close
it's just a little too perfectly timed
perfectly The Narrative that the
Democrats want sorry I'm not going to
buy it I'm not going to rule out the
possibility that was exactly what it
looks like some Republican wanted to
cause some trouble but I'm not going to
buy it you're going to have to give me a
lot more to make me believe this
story all right meanwhile Putin is
allegedly quoted saying that uh he
accused Western leits of
cannibalism uh claiming that they have
grown used to filling their bellies with
human flesh and their pockets with money
he further warned that this is a ball or
cabal of vampires nearing its end H now
cannibalism I think he's gone too
far don't you I mean we don't we don't
actually have
cannibalism I mean somebody blamed the
the Haitians but you know there's no
evidence of anything like
that but are we getting closer to
it let's go to the Whiteboard and find
out are there any are there any forces
in the United States that are moving us
toward cannibalism let's say the price
of groceries is
high and people's ability to afford them
is
worse at the same time that people in
general are getting
shittier and
uh at least the Democrats don't care how
many Republicans die and probably is the
same on the other side for some people
now I think we're probably about
here we're halfway to
cannibalism so if the food continues to
get more expensive and your fellow
humans continue to suck even more than
they do now you won't mind eating a few
to save money on groceries so I'm going
to debunk Putin
we do not have people eating cannibal we
do not have the elite eating people in
this country as far as I
know uh but we're heading that way we're
heading that
way anyway um Congress has this
bipartisan plan they're promoting to
figure out how we could quickly adjust
if there's a Mass Attack on Congress and
a bunch of our leaders get killed at the
same time
huh
huh what would make that so important
lately hasn't that been something that
would have been
important from the moment the atomic
bomb was
invented why is it suddenly in the news
and suddenly has bipartisan
support well maybe it's just this is
when enough people wanted to do it so it
could be just natural maybe this is the
time but uh I love this comment by Liz
kroen on X who said uh on this story if
every member of Congress who is guilty
of crimes related to pedophilia sex
trafficking and or treason was charged
it would not only wipe out most of
Congress it would wipe out many of the
government's employees maybe the mass
casual event they're preparing for is
justice do you think it's
possible that the Diddy situation goes
so deep that it could take out like a
quarter of Congress or
something I'm going to say no I I don't
think that's a risk but is there
something that Congress knows that we
don't could it be the Swarms of drones
or making it possible for somebody to
take out big parts of Congress could
there be some credible
credible um stories that maybe somebody
has a weapon of mass destruction already
in the
country what are we not being
told all
right uh there's a plan according to New
Scientist there's a plan to refreeze
some of the Arctic Ice you know the
climate change uh people are
concerned that uh the ice is melting and
then the uh the water will go up too
high and uh so they figured out a way
they're testing it so they'll pump some
seawater uh and I guess they'll pump it
back onto the the ice and it will kind
of quickly freeze and then they'll build
up the ice so that the ice melting is
compensated by the amount of water
they're putting back and dies does that
make
sense Scott is so naive
let let me let me take a uh just make a
comment to the who are
in the comments at the
moment you don't need to tell me that
some of our leaders are puppets if I
don't mention it every time I
mentioned them it doesn't mean I'm not
aware that there are many forces behind
the leaders who are the ones in charge
so you don't need to be a
 and just say Scott is naive he
does not understand that are puppets no
I'm just not going to say it every
 time I mention their name
okay if if you're new to this maybe this
will be a surprise to you but if you've
been watching me for a while there's
nothing I say more often than we don't
know who's making the decisions so just
stop being a dick for half a second try
to add something to the world instead of
being worthless like you are
now thank
you at least come up with some real
thing just not some he's naive Scott the
one that bothers me the most is Scott
needs to learn from me and take a half
day class in everything about uh uh
chemical
something no I don't no I don't you're
just being a dick so just stop being a
dick if there's something you think I
should know put it in the
comments if you know something you could
do that if you don't know
anything you can't put it in the
comments and you can just say oh Scott
is so naive he's so naive he does not
understand the things that I know
because I know things I read a story
once all
right so anyway there's a plan to
refreeze the
ice
meanwhile uh according to real climate
science there's
a record increase in ice
in
September so one story is we've got to
figure out how to make more ice the
other story is my God there's a lot of
ice being made in the first three weeks
of September now it has been going down
the amount of ice so September is an
outlier so you can't make any judgments
about you know one month but um Mexico
this will seem like an unrelated story
but watch me tie it all together so
Mexico is building a alternative to the
Panama Canal so it's going to be a land
route across a thin part of Mexico so
you could unload your boats onto I guess
trains and then the trains would take it
to the other side and if they can get
the economics right and build this thing
they can compete with the Panama Canal
now you might say but why not just use
the Panama
Canal what what's wrong with the Panama
Canal well there are a few situ few
problems with the panamal canal at the
moment number one there are a lot of
ships that want to go through so you
know there's a just congestion number
two uh the Panama Canal is not as
efficient as it used to be because the
water levels are too
low wait
what so in the real
world the Panama
Canal which is all about the ocean
I don't think they're pumping in the
water from a lake are they when when
they do the uh the canal what what do
you call those things the the little
things that fill up with water so you
can raise the ship I forget what the the
locks um the that's
seawat are you telling me that down in
Mexico they're running out of sea the
the water level is too low for the
panamon canal to work well what happened
to all that all that ice that melted in
the you know one of the things I think
about the ocean is that once the water
gets in there you can't really stop
where it
goes again no walls in the ocean now I
do understand that there are other
factors that can make the sea level
change for
example uh you know the moon's position
and you know if it's warmer in some
places the the just the warmth itself
cell makes everything larger including
the water um volume I guess
so you know there are other factors
besides just the melting ice but it is
kind of interesting that somebody's
spending a lot of money to figure out
how to create more ice at the same month
that we have a record amount of ice and
Mexico is complaining about not enough
ice has melted to give them water in the
ocean I guess I added the ice part they
didn't complain about
that anyway um attorney Jeff Clark who
was one of President Trump's lawyers
during the January 6
era um is pointing out that uh there's
no evidence that KL har has ever tried a
case like in
court now she was the boss of some cases
that happened uh because you it was her
job to be the The Da but there's no
evidence that she ever tried a
case now that doesn't mean she didn't
but Jeff Clark set it in public and and
invited people to prove prove him wrong
and nobody did so there's actually no
evidence she's ever prosecuted anyone in
court herself she was the boss when
somebody did
it Andrew Cuomo you remember him once
the governor of New York but then
disgraced by Meo
isms
um and by the way when I say
disgraced since I call myself disgraced
I'm just using it IR
ically anyway he said in a speech
recently that quote defund the police uh
was the with the dumbest words ever
uttered he said that in Brooklyn so it's
good to know that KLA Harris's uh idea
one of the things she's famous for
saying is according to one of the most
prominent and smartest
Republicans the dumbest words ever
uttered so I I think seeing more people
crossing over their party this time than
ever before aren't we because the the
Democrats do in fact have a whole bunch
of former Republicans who are endorsing
Harris mostly just anti-trumpers and now
we see I feel like there's a whole bunch
of people who had at one point
identified as a Democrat who switched
over I've never seen so much switching a
whole bunch of switching what what's
that about do you think that's just the
general people wising up that their own
team is lying to them so maybe the other
team is lying less I'm not sure what
that's
about but it probably has mostly to do
with you know Trump being unusually
provocative meanwhile according to just
the news uh Nome was bragging that some
new crime stats came out and he said uh
in a post new violent crime dropped
Across America last year and said can't
wait to see the Fox news coverage of
this
well maybe you shouldn't be so happy
about how they're going to cover
this because it turns out according to
just the news that uh that was for the
country it wasn't for
California so
um so property clim property crime did
decline even in California but uh
violent crime is up 3.6% and the value
of cars stolen in California was over $2
billion last
year do you know how much that is $2
billion dollar worth of automobiles were
stolen in one year in one state $2
billion so you know I I had to like take
measures to make sure my car didn't get
has stolen never had to do that
before now it turns
out that a large portion of the increase
in violent crimes uh was in one County
there was one County what was it about
this one County that was
different as a famous Soros funded
prosecutor who is the subject of a
recall movement I don't know if it
worked um so the Soros
prosecutor comes in and then my County
this is where I live by the way this is
my County so my County went from just
about the safest place you could ever be
at least in my portion of it because I
think it includes Oakland which is the
least safe but where I
live I chose it because it was the
safest place I could go and at the time
I could go anywhere I wanted well I mean
I had reasons to be in Pleasanton
but so it turns out that Soros says
destroyed my County with his funded
prosecutor and uh it's such a big effect
that it's affecting the stats in
California and might even affect the
national
race because if people are saying that
the Soros prosecutors and the Democrats
are causing this they're going to vote
accordingly so the the Soros prosecutor
in my
County might can might be enough to get
Trump elected
basically well speaking of uh getting
elected Scott
presler um who has been registering
people to vote like crazy and focused on
Pennsylvania because that's the
everybody says is the most important
state whoever wins that will probably
win the election um not for sure but
it's it seems to be a key State or the
key State and he says that as of
yesterday
he flipped luzern County in Pennsylvania
by flipped meaning that more registered
voters are Republican than Democrat
now that's a really big
deal it could be that Scott presler is
the one who decided who got
elected isn't that
weird you know I you always hear this uh
one person can't make a difference thing
Really Scott presler may have just won
the election for Trump and saved the
world he may have just done this by
himself I mean he got lots of people to
help but they wouldn't have been helping
if he had not been the organizer and the
force of nature that he is so can one
person change the world he may
have he may have Isn't that
cool and he did it all the right way
followed the rules worked hard
you know was a good person tried to make
everything better now I we don't know
how this is going to go
yet but yeah one person can change the
world they
can well the telegram app as you know
their CEO was picked up in France and
they were going to charge him with stuff
if he didn't do what they wanted but uh
one of the things I guess they wanted
was that U now telegram has agreed it's
going to provide more data to
governments including the users IP
addresses and phone numbers um only if
there's a valid legal
request which is you know pretty big
category and that's according to the CEO
now as uh Mike Benz likes to remind us
uh this is how the United States
controls Free Speech it gets uh
International
entities to do on our behalf what we
can't do legally because we're supposed
to be the first amendment people
but they do need to you know our
intelligence people apparently need to
control all forms of
communication and
uh this is part of it so you should
assume that all communication channels
are accessed by the
government um completely at this point I
think that's the the fair
assumption uh meanwhile New York Post is
reporting that uh you may you may have
heard this story that Soros George Soros
was trying to buy 200 radio stations uh
that would go to 165 million
Americans now Soros owning a radio
station and that much media just
automatically raises every red flag in
the world because if you can control the
media and communication you kind of
control the country now you could argue
but but but rer Marduk he's not aner
americ and he owns Fox News and they're
very influential and that's a good point
except as far as I
know um rer Murdoch wants what's good
for
America I'm pretty sure that he never
wakes up and says you know I want to
destroy America today it looks like the
opposite like he'd very much like
America to do well because it's you know
one of the places he has a lot of
business
and so but you know the the uh the way
the government works it's going to take
forever to approve a thing like this I
mean it could take take up to a year to
get a thing like this approved so I
guess he's just going to have to wait a
year while the government chugs through
and tries to do his thing and all this
money's on the line but the poor bastard
he's just G to have to wait a year just
like
everyone oh update uh three Democrat
Commissioners vot out voted the two
Republican
um on the FCC and said that he can speed
that up and uh the foreign Company
ownership of the US radio stations
that'll be fine it'll just make an
exception yeah it's not we don't
normally allow that to be more than 25%
stake but you know that's fine we'll not
only approve it um which we wouldn't
normally approve but we'll rush it we'll
not only approve it which is an
exception because we're not supposed to
approve that much foreign ownership of
an American entity like that uh media
entity and so that just
happened by a partisan vote of Democrats
out voting
Republicans now you know why there will
be no outrage about this
story I'll be a broken record because
it's complicated you'd have to know the
players and all the implications and
you'd have to know the history and you'd
have to know it's unusual you'd have to
know what the law is that they're taking
the exception to and then you'd have to
compare it to the 50 other stories that
are complicated in in the news today you
don't have enough outrage for this one
this should
be a source of great National outrage it
won't be because first of all the
Democrats control the media and second
of all we're just too busy just too many
outrageous things this won't even get
your attention so Soros is basically
controlling the the crime level in my
town and now he's going to take over the
minds and directly brainwash American
citizens and we're just hey yeah go
ahead we'll make an exception no
problem meanwhile Trump says he plans on
deporting over half a million um
migrants um and I I think he's talking
about the Haitians specifically um ship
them back to Haiti as soon as he's in
power now I don't know if that's a good
idea or a bad idea uh again because it's
complicated if if uh if 80% of those
Haitian migrants already have a job
because there are companies that are
just you know begging for low-end
employees I don't know if they should be
top of the list if if they're already
employed and the company needs them but
you know the
20% that don't have a job there must be
a reason for that so maybe maybe maybe
our priorities should be different you
know if I were to predict what would
really happen if Trump gets elected I
think he would first just you know close
the Asylum
door and the moment they stop coming
in you're you're uh comfort with the
world is going to completely
change so you think that there are two
issues that are basically tightly linked
one is that too many people are coming
in every day and the other is that too
many are already here but if you solve
the first one about too many people
coming in every day you're concerned
about the ones who have already come in
even 20 million of them will instantly
go to
half because you're saying okay we we'll
we'll chug through this you know we'll
by the second generation will probably
be fine you know so you would basically
be able to live with
it um now let's say that uh Trump
decided not just closing the Asylum door
but that he would in fact be very
aggressive in deporting I think he will
be but where do you start if you put all
of your energy into just deporting the
people who are clearly criminals it
would take all of your resources and
that's where you should put them nobody
would argue nobody would argue with
putting all your resources 100% of it on
just getting criminals first and that
could take a few years if you put a 100%
of your resources into just the
criminals Years it'll take years and
when you're done with that let's say
it's three years from the beginning of
the Trump presidency let's say he's got
one year left and he doesn't want to go
out as a monster
and the complaining about the number of
immigrants who are already here now they
maybe they've been working for five
years and have a job and they're paying
taxes how much are you really going to
want them to be
deported some of you are going to say
yes on principal I get it some of you
are going to say they're criminals
they're all criminals so I got to send
them back but they're not all criminals
remember the ones who come through the
Asylum gate which is the big one
they are legal because the Asylum
process processed them and they're just
waiting for the process to continue now
you might not like it but most of the
people coming in are coming in Under the
Umbrella of US
law as it's interpreted at the moment so
my prediction is that he will go hard at
deportations but it will take all of his
energy to keep the Border sealed and
send the criminals home and by the time
he's done with that there just won't be
much energy for the people who lived
here for three years really wanted a
better life their kids are learning
English they have a job right your your
level of being angry will just sort of
get you know uh
decreased if they lied to get Asylum
that is illegal
yeah but it's also a reasonable opinion
let's say you came from any country that
has a
cartel how hard would it be to say you
know I'm afraid of living where the
cartel is is that not good enough do you
have to prove that you got a specific
threat here here's the note where they
said they'd kill me if I stay in Central
America oh Asylum how about well they
haven't given me a direct
threat but where I live it's just so
violent that I can't even walk outside
without risk of getting killed so I want
Asylum do you get it I think the answer
is yes you just have to say that in your
opinion your life is at risk nobody's
going to I don't believe anybody
analyzes your life to find out what the
degree of risk is now your real thinking
might be Economic
Security but if you also have a
legitimate dangerous situation which
would always be the case wherever that
wherever the people want to leave to get
Economic Opportunity it's so it's also
going to be
dangerous I don't know it it would be
hard to prove in a court of law that the
only reason they came was for economics
when they when they're in the middle of
a dangerous
hole I I think if I were them I'd try I
would claim Asylum and I know I hate
those people I don't hate them at all so
people who want a better life I don't
mind that we get a bunch of
them as long as we can control it the
the the question about immigration as
you all agree is having too much of it
and the wrong
kind you want to make immigration simple
and make everybody
happier I thought of this one today now
this could never really happen in the
real world but it'd be awesome if it
could you bring in everybody who's got
an IQ over 120
and that's
it you we'll take we'll take all you
have from every country whole
country no problem you get an IQ of 120
you're in we don't care where you came
from do you do you know what a
Powerhouse the United States would be if
we put an IQ limit on
immigration and we made it higher than
average so we imagine bringing in 10
million Geniuses a
year I think we'd be okay
okay yeah we could bring in 10 million
Geniuses like literally you know people
who were in The 140s if we wanted uh
maybe there's not enough of
them Scott is an open border
proponent now did anything I say sound
like an open border
proponent there just so many trolls
today on the on the comments no I'm not
an open border proponent
I uh I might be worrying about it less
than you but I'm definitely not an open
border
proponent well the us is going to send
quote additional troops to the Middle
East so things are looking dangerous
over there that's according to uh
Pentagon Press Secretary General Patrick
Ryder his brother Richard Ryder could
not be heard from some call him dick
Ryder in light of the increased tensions
they're sending uh people there well
that sounds
bad and uh according to pichy Keenan
who's a a commenter on um a pachy says
uh the federal government's highest
priority is stopping Trump so he can't
stop the wars uh I am a believer in that
narrative The Narrative that the primary
thing that the United States is doing
behind the curtain is making sure that
we have maximum Wars but I don't think
that they only do Wars to sell War
equipment here's let me uh let me give
you a let's say a
reframe that might break some of your
brains and I haven't completely thought
this through so this is sort of new
thinking would you agree with the
following statement if you're looking at
let's say a business a company is it
fair to say that companies are either
growing and that would be healthy or
they're
shrinking which is unhealthy and they're
going to go out of business um but
things almost never stay the
same like the the rarest situation for
any any big complicated thing the rarest
situation is just always the same so
things are either improving or getting
worse would you agree so far that the
nature of things countries organizations
businesses are either growing or they're
getting
worse very few things just same every
day so I would argue and you're not
going to like this at all that the only
reason the United States is successful
as successful as we are is because of
colonization and that if you weren't
colonizing you couldn't grow because in
the days of serious colonizing it was
about resources some of those resources
you know were human trafficking of
course so it's horrible
but um
colonization allows you to get more
resources from other countries and you
might have to control those countries to
get the
resources now you could say to me but
Scott that is unethical and terrible to
which I say yeah I can see your point
it's unethical and terrible to the
locals in many ways but compare it to
the
alternative the alternative is that
China colonizes them or Russia colonizes
them somebody's going to colonize
everybody who can be
colonized there's no world in which you
leave them alone the and when there's an
exception it would be like
Switzerland because what we need their
chocolate why does anybody need to
colonize Switzerland is we're going to
take their mountains and bring them back
home uh we're going to we're going to
take their weather and bring it with us
there's nothing to colonize in
Switzerland they don't have a damn thing
that we need that's why they can be
neutral if they had anything we needed
we'd be starting a war with them to get
their because and here's the part
that's going to be hard for you to
accept if the United States isn't
growing we're dead
you grow or you die you don't have a
steady state option because even if you
did stay steady state other countries
would grow faster and then they would
have economic and other control over you
so
colonizing and controlling other
countries which includes Wars and that's
what Ukraine looks like and you know the
Middle East is its own complicated
situation but there's some of that
if we don't colonize like crazy we're
all
dead because we'll just shrink and go on
of
business so you could say the United
States is a terrible place because we
create Wars that didn't need to be
created and you'd be right we're a
terrible terrible people who create Wars
that don't need to be
created but it
works and it has worked every year that
the United States has been a country
we've grown faster than other places
that don't colonize so we have this big
Old
Navy that allows us to project power
pretty much
everywhere that's why that's why um I
can have this live stream because we
made so much money and inventions and
Technology was better and we've got
great
internet and all the things that you
want in life it's because people who are
not you and not nearly as awesome as you
because you are ethical and moral and
other people are not but thank God those
inthalo people are doing horrible things
in other countries and to other
people that if they didn't do the United
States would just
disappear so here's my
dilemma I can be opposed to
war but I can't be opposed to the
concept upon which the war
rides now now there could be Wars that
don't give you enough resources and so
therefore that's a dumb war that nobody
is better off but I don't think you can
uh leave out of your
thinking that whoever colonizes wins and
whoever doesn't colonize loses and I
mean loses like you became poor or
conquered slaves I mean losing is really
losing I mean you lose everything so do
I care that the United States is super
colonizing now you might say to me Scott
if anything you're saying is true why
doesn't the government ever say it so
that we'll be on their side when they do
it all the government has to do is say
look let me be honest with you if we
don't grow we shrink and then we're all
dead the only way we can grow the only
way is by having lots and lots of
control over these other countries so
that we can get their resources as part
of our supply
chain so we don't want to have these
wars but it's the only way to be
successful why don't they say that they
can't because they would never be able
to sell that to the public the public
would say um okay but just don't do that
because we don't want you to kill people
in our name I don't want anybody to kill
anybody in my name I don't want to pay
taxes to somebody who's going to go kill
a stranger in another
country on the other hand
that's a half opinion a half opinion is
you just take a part of the situation
and then just pretend that's the whole
situation part of the situation is I
don't want anybody starting a war in my
name with my money that could come back
and bite me I don't like
War that's a half
opinion if we were not this way we
probably would already be on the
business so
uh let let me make a let's see if this
analogy Works you've heard the stories
about Steve Jobs being you know a genius
at everything he
accomplished have you also heard the
stories that he was the biggest
in the entire world like just a
dick you've heard that right do you
think it would have happened if he was
just a getalong guy do do you think if
he had not been all those things that
you wouldn't want to be and you wouldn't
want to support and you wouldn't want to
be near it if he hadn't been all of
those things do you think that Apple
would be apple I don't so I think you
have to live in the real world a little
bit and know that the hugely terrible
things your government is doing is
sometimes to benefit their buddies and
their cohorts and the people who make
the weapons that's definitely a big part
of it but it's also probably absolutely
CR critical for your survival and they
can't tell you that directly so I'm
going to tell you it doesn't mean you
shouldn't fight to stop Wars because I
think that's still the the right
impulse there must be other ways we can
do things you know it's just not always
about bombing stuff but you have to be
honest the
colonizing is the only reason that Dei
even exists and I don't mean as a uh
complaint about colonizing it's meaning
you wouldn't even have the luxury of
complaining about like racial
stuff it's not but you wouldn't
even have the luxury of complaining
about it except that we're a hugely
successful
country because of
colonizing I hate to say that if you
understand economics everything looks
different but it is you have to look at
the whole picture now I wouldn't want
anybody that I like to imitate this
argument because it just makes you look
like a jerk that's why people don't do
it but one of my minor values to the
world is that I can look like a jerk
because I'm already you know cancelled
but doesn't make any difference to me so
there's your argument that's all I have
for today I'm going to talk to the
locals people privately because they're
special
and um the rest of you I will see you
tomorrow same time same place so thanks
for joining on YouTube in Rumble NX and
locals I'm coming at you in 30 seconds
we'll have a little sip while
we're
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e