but um pom pom pom pom pom jo-ann you
are so quick with the fingers always one
of the first sometimes the first
Nicholas you're pretty fast to Andrew
Arden Duke Dave
Karen Jimmy come on in here we have
reached the 1,000 mark you know what
that means I think you do I think you do
know what that means it means it's time
for the simultaneous sip yes it is
grab your mug your copy your vessel
you're jealous
bring it up to your lips I hope it has
coffee in it but anything else is fine
too now it's time for the simultaneous
up that's a good sip so thank you to
those of you who are sending prayers and
good wishes for those if you don't know
I held a funeral well I was part of a
funeral yesterday for my stepson who
died from a opioid overdose 18 years old
and we'll talk about that in a minute no
let's talk about that now so it turns
out that most fentanyl comes from China
there are these illegal drug labs in
China that are cranking out the fence
alone sending it to the United States
where I guess the local drug dealers
have their own pill presses so they they
mix up the fentanyl from China and put
it in pills and it kills people like my
stepson and I saw I saw a suggestion on
Twitter that I don't know if it's a good
suggestion it's probably not a good
suggestion but I'm gonna put it out
there anyway so this is just
brainstorming so don't don't put this in
the category of the things I think a
good idea
this is just an idea maybe you can tell
me if it's good so apparently the part
of the new opioid addiction fighting law
that has been passed by Congress I
believe Rand Paul was instrumental in
that it's going to the President's desk
there's I don't know the details but I
think part of it is funding for
technology to sniff out this fentanyl in
the postal Postal Service so in other
words if China is mailing stuff to the
United States fentanyl there's some
technology that would allow us to detect
it but somebody so that part I like that
part but somebody made the following
suggestion now I want you to tell me
what's wrong with it
and you have to understand that we're
already in a trade dispute with China so
this would be an extension of the
existing trade dispute but somebody
suggested that we jack up the postal
fees for any any parcels or letters
coming in from China and I don't know
how that works
I don't know how international postal
fees are set but I assume that the
receiving country gets to decide what
the fee is for the sending country I
assume that's how it works right so if
we could jack up our postal fees for any
parcels coming in from China we could
use that money to fund these the
technology for checking their mail now
if you're saying to yourself well money
isn't the problem or let's not throw
that into the mix or any that you're
missing the point here's the point I
want to see at least one tariff on China
that really gets a lot of attention and
jacking up the postal the postal fees
would because the public understands
postal fees so that's a topic the public
understands but the point would be to
draw attention to China as the biggest
sufentanil
abuser perhaps killing as many as 30,000
Americans per year 30,000 people a year
killed by stuff that comes in the mail
from China fentanyl in particular now if
we were to say we're in this broader
trade war anyway but on top of that or
with this we're going to jack up the
postal prices from China just to deal
with this one issue because what that
does is it focuses like a laser on the
the shame of China see right now we're
saying to China and China your trade
deals are unfair we'd like you to change
them but when you say stuff like that if
sort of makes China sound kind of
awesome doesn't it that China has better
trade deals than we do it doesn't make
them sound like losers and makes them
sound like winners now they'll probably
lose in the long run but at the moment
it's almost a compliment to China to say
that their deals are better than our
deals we need to change that
specifically for this topic so let's
jack up their postal rates now together
I don't know if this is a practical idea
there may be other reasons that we can't
do that but Jack it up and then we would
have a laser-like focus on the shame and
the loss of face in China for allowing
this situation to continue because we do
assume that the government in China does
have more control over these illegal
labs than perhaps they're exerting so
here's what I'd like to see I'd like to
see us jack up our postal rates for
China and make a big deal about it
because it's the publicity about it
that's the important part
it's not the extra money you get it's
not the extra fees you get by jacking up
the postal rates if that could work
again this is just a you know I'm
brainstorming here but it would be
impossible it would be impossible to
miss that connection it would be a huge
headline and would focus
the brand of China on the thing that
actually probably is the most important
thing right now now counting baby North
Korea no it's more important than North
Korea I would say if you're looking at
just counting the number of dead the
fentanyl thing is probably more
important than North Korea right now in
terms of a you know risk reward thing
you know that's just a suggestion here's
another suggestion I was thinking about
yeah you know I've been working with
Bill Paul T on the blight Authority the
blight Authority is Bill's nonprofit
that bulldozes and removes blighted
inner-city properties and takes them
down to bare land and then I'm helping
Bill try to get some attention on some
new ideas things that we could do with
that blighted land that would make it
productive and I had the following
suggestion to build a rehab city so a
city within a city so it's more than
more than one house that's a rehab house
or more than one facility it's an actual
almost like Vatican City but within a
city because the inner cities have you
know enormous problems with the drug
issues and my experience with the
fentanyl opioid addiction is that the
best way to think of this is almost like
a zombie apocalypse if you've ever seen
anybody who's on xanax or which is
usually fake sanics they they're
essentially zombies and even though
they're walking and talking and even if
you know them you don't see any part of
their original personality they they
become the drug and once you've been
bitten by the virus if you will I'm
using that in a literal and a literary
way not a literal way once you have the
virus in other words one
you're addicted to the opioids it seems
like the only thing that matters is
whether you can keep them physically
away from the supply for a long time
and so if you had a rehab city a
high-security place that has more than
just a few houses and it could have
commerce it could have training it could
have schools and it just keeps this
population away from opioids long enough
that they have a chance of you know
reintegrating into society believe it or
not the biggest problem with doing stuff
like this is who said lol rehab city is
bad idea bud let's let's block you for
making comments and all caps so again
these are these are just ideas and what
you'll find is that there are plenty of
people there are plenty of people who
have money and want to help in other
words there there's actually an
oversupply of billionaires who would
literally like to do something useful
with their money and what they lack are
serviceable good practical ideas one of
the things that the Gates Foundation
does so brilliantly as they solve that
problem for Bill Gates and some other
billionaires so the Gates Foundation
doesn't just give billionaires money to
charities it actually does the hard work
of figuring out what's the best thing to
do with your money so it turns out that
the problem is figuring out what to do
the problem is not money it's not
willingness it's not it's not knowing
what the problems are and I'm talking
about problems in general at least in
the inner-city types
so those are two ideas so just throw
those out there um let's talk about the
unrest because the Cavanaugh situation
are any of you worried that this unrest
will lead to some kind of a broader
meltdown and in society my take on it is
that we're not even close to anything
like that
that there's no real risk of that and
here's my take the protests we've seen
so far correct me if I'm wrong well you
wouldn't know if I was wrong but you
know you can suspect I'm wrong here's my
take on all the protests I would label
them as cathartic theater in other words
people are protesting because it feels
bad another and that the protesting
feels good in other words they the
current situation is unpleasant to them
and they don't have a productive way to
get out to the feelings and so the
protest is allowing them to express
their feelings in a theatrical way and I
mean theatrical in not really a negative
way because if it helps it helps and if
people need to get their feelings out
and this helps them do it maybe that's
good so to me it looks like a safety
valve and you and you've seen the people
dressing up right most of the protests
have some form of theater or sign or
costume or something like that and even
the people who are the the protesters
who are attacking people in restaurants
and when I say attack I mean verbally
attacking in restaurants the people who
are you know trapping senators and
elevators when you see the video it
feels like theater because they are
acting for the camera and it comes
across that way so I would not be too
worried that what you're seeing turns
into some kind of a civil war
but I would say this we have a system
that pretty much guarantees that
everything that happens now of any major
political interest will turn into this
let me give you let me give you a bad
analogy the the fight over Cavanaugh and
really every political fight that
happens these days it's a little like
climate change yeah this be the worst
the worst analogy you've ever heard and
I'm not even done yet
in the sense that the the idea behind
climate change whether you believe there
should not you know or what degree you
believe it or what parts you believe
just follow the analogy for a moment the
idea is that global warming is gonna
create super storms and they own the
huge droughts and it won't just be the
idea behind global warming is not just
that the temperature goes up but that in
in major pockets it will cause disasters
so there will be too much rain and
flooding over here or too much droughts
over here or too many hurricanes over
here etc and by analogy and again for my
analogy it doesn't matter that you
believe that I'm just using that as as a
model to make this point the current
form of politics is like climate warming
meaning that the current business model
for the media the news is to get you as
worked up as possible alright so it
didn't used to be the case that the job
of the news was to make you angry that
was never the job of news the job of
news was to tell you what's happening in
some kind of objective way and even the
people competing against each other they
competed to do the best job of just
giving you the facts
now I'm oversimplifying but that's
generally true now the business model
has changed because we can measure the
impact of any kind of any kind of
difference so if one network try
something and it works they can measure
it the other networks can measure it and
suddenly they have to do that thing so
you have the situation where the news is
competing to see how much they can jack
up your year emotions so instead of
trying to present you with information
in the form of news the news media model
has evolved because we can measure all
the impacts of our actions into
something that's really just designed to
get you excited so like global warming
everything that happens in politics from
now on or at least until that business
model evolves into something else so the
current permanent situation is that
whether you took out President Trump and
replaced him with anybody else a
Democrat you could replace the president
with anybody and from now on it will
always look like this and probably will
keep increasing now the good news is I
think our system can take a lot of
increase because it's mostly this
cathartic theater increase you know
people are not picking up weapons
they're not you know the left is not
arming itself or even close they're not
talking about it they're not trying to
they're trying to use every legal
maneuver they can and they and I have to
tell you when I see what I see the left
using every scheming legal maneuver you
have to first of all balance that
against the fact that the right also
uses every scheming legal maneuver they
can I'm not sure that's bad because this
sort of stress tests our system you know
we've got this system and can you can
you beat the crap out of the system and
the systems still there it's kind of one
of the things I like about the flag
right the flag of you know the United
States the American flag
in my opinion one of its greatest
qualities is that you can destroy it
like you can burn it you can you can
tarnish it you could destroy an American
flag and when you're done the American
flag is stronger what else is like that
can you think of anything like that the
American flag if you destroy it in
public it gets stronger because
everybody who watches it says that's our
system thank you you just you just you
just confirmed the power of the flag
that you can you can burn it right in
front of the public and you don't go to
jail for that that is the power of the
flag well when I watch the protests and
it looks like cathartic theater to me
there's some stress testing of the
system but the system is really strong I
mean we have a really strong system and
it's partly the Constitution and it's
partly the way we've been socialized so
I'm pretty optimistic about the system
but why you should expect forever until
the business model of the media changes
is that what you think is Trump
derangement syndrome
is just derangement syndrome shop might
make it a little bit worse but the fact
is if you just replaced him with a
Republican you replaced him with a
generic generic Democrat it didn't
matter it wouldn't matter who you
replaced him with we're now at a point
of let's say political warming well
there we go
I turned that into something it's not
climate warming and whether or not that
exists or is what people predicted it
will do etc is separate from the analogy
we have now political warming we are
we're in a permanent a permanent cycle
of warming and politics there will be
bigger hurricanes and there will be
bigger droughts and bigger cyclones and
stuff but guess what the
and earth gets stronger when when a
hurricane wipes out a town what do we do
every time we build it back stronger and
we create jobs and we stimulate the
economy while we're doing it if you look
at the tragedy in Puerto Rico which
nobody can be happy about you know
there's it's impossible to know how much
better or worse that could have been
done we don't really have anything to
compare it to but we know that a lot of
people died and that's a tragedy we know
that the entire infrastructure was just
totally smashed but what's going to
happen to Puerto Rico well I can
guarantee you what will happen to Puerto
Rico it is part of America and we deal
with these things the same way every
time it's like the flag you can flatten
Puerto Rico but we're gonna build it
back stronger so I wouldn't worry too
much about the fate of the world we're
pretty good at this stuff and we can
take a lot of cathartic theater now the
president very cleverly tweeted this
morning that the I'm gonna have to find
the exact words here if you don't mind
and you look at the president's tweet
about the left getting out of control I
think that was this morning
we'll see how quickly I can find it I
can't find it quickly I won't make you
wait all right and the president says I
do we did too much today yeah so this is
the president's tweet from this morning
I guess or yesterday from yesterday he
says you don't hand matches to an
arsonist and you don't give power to an
angry left-wing mob Democrats have
become too extreme and too dangerous to
govern Republicans believe in the rule
of law not the rule of the mob vote
Republican now one of my favorite
techniques they
you've seen the president use a number
of times is that if there's some if
there's some attack that the other side
is using that's getting some traction
he'll often just take the gun out of
their hand and turn it around and the
the traction that they were getting is
calling Kavanagh saying the Kavanagh had
a bad temperament
so that whole temperament thing was
getting some traction I don't know if it
ever made a difference on the right but
on the left just just to clarify the
idea of the of the rehab city was not
that it's a concentration camp I'm not
talking about mandatory commitment to it
that's that wasn't the idea so that
might be why some of you didn't like it
before completely voluntary like any of
any rehab so anyway the president has
taken the gun out of the hand of his
enemies and flipped it around as he does
do you remember when he was accused of
fake news and he turned fake news into
his brand his brand against the other
side when you think of fake news now you
pretty much think of C&S what CNN
automatically and he's doing the same
thing here so the the anti Cavanaugh
people were saying temperament
temperament he doesn't have the
temperament and now the president
without using that word because that
would be a little too on the nose he's
saying that they they're an angry mob
and they're too extreme and too
dangerous they don't like the rule of
law what's all that say well kind of
gets the temperament and somebody made a
suggestion no I retweet it his tweets
and I said and now I understand why
Democrats believe they shouldn't be
allowed to own guns you think about it
the
[Music]
this is boo let me show you how to hold
the cat by the way if you've never tried
to hold the cat that doesn't like to be
held this is the way you do it you put
your hand here and this works with most
cats this is very comforting if I were
to hold her any other way she'd be
squirming but when I see this I put the
back hand on the butt back in in the
butt front hand right it into the chest
bone and this cat which normally does
not like to be held that she doesn't
like to be held another any other way
but she goes completely limp like this
it's her favorite I think at the world
all right she didn't see enough of me
yesterday so as I was saying somebody on
Twitter suggested that since the
Democrats seem to have a temperament
problem and at the same time the
Democrats are anti-gun all right so put
these two together Democrats or anti-gun
yeah and they also seem to have a
temperament problem because they're
rioting and they're doing the cathartic
theater thing so somebody suggested that
we pass a law that Democrats can't own
guns now the first time you hear that
idea passing a law that says Democrats
can't own guns the first time you hear
that you say to yourself well that's a
ridiculous just joke idea but here's
what's so funny about it if you're a
Democrat don't you believe that some gun
control is better than none right so if
you were to say to a Democrat let's just
be completely rational here
Republicans will never give up their
guns but you believe you Democrats
believe that more guns is worse and more
people with guns is worse so why don't
we start somewhere we can all look we
can all agree let's just start
we all agree we all agree that if you're
a registered Democrat you shouldn't have
a gun now what Democrats disagree with
gun control for Democrats it's an
interesting argument isn't it
because on one hand it's ridiculous on
its on its surface because you don't
make laws that only affect some people
who have you know voluntarily signed up
to be in a party you know you don't do
that but on the other hand it's what
they want yeah this is one of those rare
situations where there's a group of the
public who is advocating to reduce their
own rights you don't often see that how
I'm sure there are other examples but so
the gun control people are advocating to
commit their own rights their own rights
of gun ownership they'd like to limit
everybody else's rights too but isn't it
a step in the right direction
like I logically I can't I can't make an
argument why that's not a good idea it's
ridiculous and a good idea at the same
time and I can't reconcile it right
you're having the same reaction are you
I can tell from the comments there's
some of you you're having the same brain
spin that I had which is that's totally
ridiculous but why half of gun control
is better than none and and for most
Democrats most of them don't want a gun
so why don't they first ban governor
ownership of other Democrats because you
know who could vote for that Republicans
Republicans might actually vote for that
and just say you're allowed to own a gun
unless you've registered Democrat now
keep in mind with that law can never
pass I don't think unless the Democrats
were actually in favor of it
but why would they be why wouldn't they
be I don't know all right let's talk
about the North Korea summit lost in the
headlines the Cavanaugh stuff sort of
wiped everything else off the headlines
but lost it all that is that Pompeo
apparently had a very productive trip to
North Korea and they're talking about
having a another summit meaning the
president would meet with Kim again
maybe in this country I think the next
one would be here but they're talking
about as soon as possible listen to that
term they want to have a summit and both
sides have agreed that they want it as
soon as possible now maybe you only want
you always want them as soon as possible
it could be nothing but I'll tell you
what it feels like given the other
reporting about this it feels like North
Korea is just racing against their own
bad economy in other words it seems to
me this is what I feel you know I mean I
don't have all the details but this is
what it feels like just reading the tea
leaves it feels like they're so close to
the real deal the real thing that at
least mentally Kim is on board with
denuclearizing he just needs you know
the right mechanism work out the details
do the little political dance do the you
know the PR dance figure out how to
manage it with his people and all that
but it seems to me that he's mentally
committed to this which is all we
ultimately need to make it happen
and that they'd like to get to the
they'd like to get it going as quickly
as possible because the sooner they get
something concrete going for for
inspections and denuclearization the
sooner we can serve flooding money into
the country in investment the sooner
they can eat so it's feeling to me like
something really Goods happening there
and when you look at the week the
president's having with unemployment at
three point seven which is crazy and
you're looking at you know you're
looking at the judges that he's putting
on the courts and you look at you know
Isis is completely obliterated as far as
I can tell at least as a as a
territorial power we haven't had a major
terrorist attack lately it's been a
while you know and and even my biggest
issue the the opioid crisis the
government is producing and I believe
the president will sign it now that one
that one's not a Republican only deal
that's a nonpartisan deal so if Congress
gets that right that credit goes to both
sides but it's starting to feel like
President Trump in two years might be
the most consequential may be the most
successful president in a hundred years
in his first two years I don't think
that's an exaggeration is it yeah I'm
always I'm always on guard for when my
you know when my bias kicks in and I'm
I'm blind to it but I think on objective
things which you could major you know
Isis economy terrorism and North Korea
and maybe even the trade deals the trade
deals are starting to come online now
hey these are pretty measurable things
these are sort of yes no you know binary
things plus measurable things it's gonna
be hard to make an argument he's not the
most successful president in a hundred
years and you could come really close to
the argument that he is the best
president ever again I'm trying to watch
my bias but I'm thinking what are the
things you measure you and me
your social justice right so social
justice would be a big thing and you
know even before President Trump we had
pretty much you know a lot of at least
in terms of the law we had social
justice
you know gays can marry blah blah thing
things are looking good on social
justice but yeah the economy Isis North
Korea to denuclearize ation trade trade
deals cutting regulations these are
pretty big things oh I forgot the debt
increased
yeah the deaths a tricky one so if you
let's talk about the things which is
critics could criticize about the debt
climate change for those who think
there's a different way to handle it and
race relations I would argue that race
relations are a problem of political
warming you know that what I was talking
about before the business model of the
of the the media requires them to amp up
anything that looks like a problem so I
would say the race relation stuff is at
least 80% a product of the media because
if they simply reported the news
objectively there wouldn't be much of a
race problem it's the way it's reported
that turns the president's politically
incorrect statements into something
horrible well health care is a good
example to so but but here's the here's
the thing you have to consider nobody no
president before has ever solved health
care so it's not like you can look at
President Trump and say well those other
presidents did great with health care
you know he messed up on this I would
say he's not successful on health care
not successful so I would agree with his
critics there but nobody else was either
so if you're trying to compare who's the
greatest president
Healthcare's kind of a push right
Healthcare's the thing that no president
got right so that's sort of a tie then
you have to go down and look at the
other stuff to see if you can break the
tie
climate change what president has gotten
climate change right none right none no
president has ever gotten climate change
right so again on that level how do you
how do you grade this president you'd
say just as bad as every other president
or if you're the if you're in the other
camp you'd say just as good as any other
president but similar nothing happened
however president Trump has done a good
job of goosing the economy and a strong
economy does put you in a much better
position for dealing with either the
remediating climate change or or solving
it more aggressively with better
technology later you need a strong
economy to do any of that stuff so you
could argue that he's done more for
climate change to remediate it than any
other president only because he ignored
it and worked on the economy because you
need all that money and that economic
wherewithal to make any difference if
you're gonna act but on the things that
all presidents have been dealing with or
other presidents in dealing with so
other presidents have had economies
other presidents have had North Korea
problem other presidents have had you
know terrorism problem Isis problems
Middle East problems etc so on the
things that other presidents have dealt
with trade trade deals other presidents
have had trade deals so on all the
things that other presidents have also
dealt with in their own ways
it feels like feels like he isn't most
successful and I'm completely
understanding that the other side does
not agree with that
contemporary presidents though
humans don't control climate you know
I've said it before but I'll say it
again if your argument about climate
change is on the science you're not
really on a strong position the the
science part of climate change even
Republicans who were to have a study to
agree that all other things being equal
if you add co2 and humans do there
should be some warming if all else being
equal that part seems real the part that
is not science but gets confused with
science as the models the the what
happens you know the prediction the
prediction stuff you know is bordering
on astrology but the basic science of
whether you added co2 to a system it
would warm now I know what you're saying
you're saying plants need co2 that is I
don't know how to say this I don't want
to insult you because a lot of people
have this view the people who talk about
climate change and say plants need co2
are not are not in the conversation in
any serious way here's why plants do
need co2 the risk is that there would be
too much of it and it would cause
warming that would be worse than the the
greening so co2 does cause greening but
it also causes war and the issue is
there's some amount of warming some
amount of warming theoretically they
would make the greening not not enough
of a benefit to pay for it so if you
want to have a good argument the co2 is
good for the plants is true but it's not
a good argument because because the the
question is whether there's some amount
of warming that will destroy the planet
you know even though co2 is good for
plants so don't use that argument if you
to be serious in this in this
conversation likewise those of you who
say co2 doesn't cause warming you're not
really the good arguers all right you
know and believe me I'm I have empathy
toward the argument that the climate
warming is oversold and overblown so I'm
I'm sort of you know sort of leaving in
your direction but don't say stuff like
co2 doesn't cause warming you could say
there are other things also that cause
warming perhaps there are other factors
but don't say co2 doesn't cause warming
and don't say that humans don't cause it
because those are the things that even
Republicans who are you know who don't
believe there's a big problem even they
believe that right on the science part
that is pretty settled the part that's
not settled is if there are other
variables that we haven't taken into
account that part it's hard to know yeah
I mean so here's the other thing for
those of you who think the Sun and the
sunspots are the better explanation of
climate change
that's a terrible argument right again
I'm not on the other side of you I'm not
on the other side I'm just saying that
your own argument that the Sun is the
cause of the global warming with the
sunspots and whatever is a terrible
argument it's a terrible argument
because science has largely discounted
that and even Republicans who study it
would agree with that statement those of
you who have seen something on the
internet from somebody who showed you a
graph they showed it it tracks well with
the sunspots just understand that there
are all kinds of graphs that seem to
show all kinds of things and it doesn't
mean anything the the matching a graph
to a to some other thing is something
you could do a lot of random
coincidences so for example you've
probably seen that there's a website I
forget what it is but they they do this
humorous thing where they track you know
the number of bathtubs produced with the
number of murders you know they they
find all these correlations where the
the lines are almost perfectly matched
but it's just a coincidence so the the
solar flare stuff falls into that
category you can find somebody will give
you a you know a graph that matches up
but the people who work in this field
have largely largely entirely debunked
the solar flares so when when the left
calls the right anti-science these are
the things they're talking about I would
say it's a mistake to say the co2
doesn't cause warming it would be
accurate to say it's hard to predict how
much of a problem that is if any if you
say co2 is good for plants therefore
everybody is stupid that's not smart and
that's that's being anti science because
co2 is good for plants but unlimited
warming will kill us all so if unlimited
warming is happening it doesn't matter
that your point is true the co2 is good
for plants if you're still dead so don't
use bad arguments the good argument if
you want one is to go after the
projections the the models because the
models are not science there's something
scientists do and they may have some
some value and understanding how
variables work together you know
internal to the science but I don't
think they have predictive ability there
is no unlimited warming well we don't
know do we
if whoever said okay
unlimited I was hoping that you would
understand when I said unlimited that
that did not literally
unlimited okay so if you're arguing
about my choice of words that unlimited
actually means that will go up forever
and we'll turn it into the Sun that
wasn't the point the point was that the
the temperature can go up a lot and it
can go up in theory enough to have you
know grievous risk to the world that
part you know show me the data showing
you the data wouldn't help you at all
and that argument is very weak you and I
cannot look at climate science data and
make anything out of it we can't because
we don't know if the data is real we
don't know how it was collected we don't
know if it's biased yeah so the other
the other worst argument about data
climate science and here's your's this
is the worst weakest argument I have
personally looked into all the science
and even though I'm not a science I'm
pretty smart I'm not a scientist but I'm
pretty smart I did my own research did
my own research look deeply into this
whole climate science thing and I've
made a decision I've taken side that is
the the weakest argument you'll ever
hear it's also the most popular one why
because there is no way that a citizen
who was not a climate scientist who was
up to their neck and the current climate
science knowledge could have any hope of
understanding the field right the only
thing you could see is the the the
graphs that are probably coincidences
the the Liars the fakes the you know the
phonies the people who got papers
published but they shouldn't have you
know the whole climate science field is
mostly false information I think and if
it's not mostly false information I can
say for sure that you can't tell the
difference you and I can't tell the
difference so just give up on that yeah
I have to make your decision based on
things that are a little more solid than
these citizens of
to understand climate science by reading
about it on the Internet that's just not
a thing
not all 33,000 scientists were climate
specialists
yeah it is fair to say for those of you
say that the that there's not as much
agreement on climate I think that's a
good argument so it's a good argument to
say that we we don't know exactly how
much agreement there is because the
biggest problem with that whole
ninety-eight percent of scientists agree
thing or whatever the number is the big
problem of that is that the thing that
are agreeing on is the thing that even
the critics agree on let me let me say
that again because it's so important the
thing that 97% of climate scientists or
even just scientists in general agree
about is the same thing that the
skeptics agree on that if you were to
add co2 to the system all other things
being equal it could warm up that's it
so everybody agrees on that
so when you say 97% of scientists agree
on climate scientists it is also true
that the vast majority of skeptics agree
with that that's the one thing both
sides agree with what they don't agree
with is the non science part where
you're looking at models and the models
are not science alright enough on that
you could teach people how to be boring
somebody said it's funny I was feeling
the same thing as I was talking yeah the
longer I talk the more I was thinking to
myself is this boring feels like it's
boring
the earth's temperature has always
fluctuated that's a good argument no
it's not no it's not that
so the somebody said the argument is
that the that the earth is always
getting warmer are always getting cooler
and therefore you know that's the whole
story
yeah it's always going one way the other
that's not the answer to climate science
because if the because if the world is
already getting warmer in other words if
we're in an extended warming spell it's
gonna make it worse if we add stuff
that'll make it warmer in theory so in
theory the fact that it's warming for a
long period will make it even more
dangerous that we're adding warming to
it so my wife is listening so finish
strong
Andrew and Andrews wife that's a
challenge the challenge is to finish
strong I'm gonna finish this periscope
with the strongest possible statement
are you ready for it here it is it's
time for the simultaneous sip and that's
it that is the most important thing I'm
going to say today so Andrew and Andrews
wife join me will you grab your mugs
your cups your chalices for the second
simultaneous sip and then we're going to
say have a good Sunday mmm I hope your
coffee is warmer than - I guess I talked
for a long time there all right that's
all for now I'll talk to you later