bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
hey come on here Jeff do you have your
blanket it's time to swaddle self
swaddling is in the house yes we're
doing a little social distancing it's
not easy for anybody well come on in
here and we'll answer your questions and
talk about yes Greg Gutfeld on but so is
your DVR or you could watch this later
after you watch Greg go film that's a
good idea too yes we're in our soft
blankets we're feeling better about the
coronavirus situation I was just
watching a video from a doctor who's in
the front lines of New York City and it
was very interesting so yeah he had some
tips and information that I had not
heard before and I forget his name but
he's he's an actual doctor working on
the front lines and he's into baiting
people and putting them on ventilators
and all that stuff so he seemed to know
what he was talking about and here are
the things he said that you sort of
suspected were true but you wondered in
no particular order one was that he's
not seeing anybody under 14 who's having
a problem but he's definitely seeing
people like in their 20s so he says it's
affecting all age groups but you know
the older you are the worse but under 14
basically saying we're just not seeing
it so that's good news the other good
news is that he recommends wearing masks
more than more than recommendations
you've been seeing up to now primarily
so you don't touch your face which is a
good point I think the other point is if
you happen to be asymptomatic shedding
it would be good to have a mask on too
if you're going outside but he had a
very sort of an upbeat opinion of how we
can manage this if we modified our
behavior
and his take was that the primary
primary primary mode of transmission was
people touching something that people
somebody else said breathed on you know
little droplets or sneezed on her
coughed on or breathed on and then
touching their face soon after and he
said if you if you could just take that
part out you'd remove so much of the
transmission that it would basically be
done but how easy is it to not touch
your face I tell you you watch a video
about not touching your face and you're
gonna have the same problem right now
it's just really nation won't touch your
face so anyway he suggested that if you
wore masks and that's just common sense
it might help train you to do that so
that that's encouraging the other thing
he said which directly counters one of
the bad pieces of information I'd seen
on somewhere on the Internet
I'd read somebody said that when people
go on ventilators that it's basically
just the beginning of the end and that
once you're on a ventilator well you're
not gonna make it you know accept dead
it's just sort of stalling the
inevitable but this doctor said directly
the opposite directly the opposite
he said we put you on the ventilator
with the intention of getting you off
the ventilator and most of the time it
actually happens so directly opposite
what I had heard from nan credible
sources is that if you get put on a
ventilator even even as bad as that is
apparently you know the strong majority
of people get on a ventilator also get
off and get better now I he didn't seem
to I don't remember him mentioning the
hydroxychloroquine which seemed
conspicuously missing he also seemed to
think that any kind of mask was better
than none you know which we're hearing
so are you following the weird
disinformation coming out of the World
Health Organization
apparently you know the people say that
China is their it they're a puppet of
China or something I don't know if any
that's true but they certainly don't
seem like a health organization there
was even up until today they're telling
people that masks don't help and every
person who's not even an expert is just
saying it's even slightly believable
that they wouldn't have some impact you
know it's not nothing's 100% so at this
point we're being lied to by health
organizations we're being lied to by our
own government although I don't but I
don't mind it so much if the intention
of the lying is to prevent hoarding I
think that would be allowable in my my
my ethical judgment of things because
sometimes you do need to lie to your
public for their own benefit if that was
the intention I'd be okay with that but
nonetheless we're getting disinformation
from other countries we know China is
lying to us we don't really trust
anybody's number so we're not even sure
our own numbers are good or our own
recommendations so don't trust anybody
for a while there isn't there's a group
of people who are the heroes of the
moment that I don't think you're getting
enough attention as a group and that's
the engineers if you think about it the
the body human you know all of humanity
together is banded together and
everybody's sort of spontaneously filled
their their little areas of expertise
and doing what we can but I would say
the two biggest you know forces in the
military if you will are you know the
scientists and doctors on one side but
then the engineers here's what the
engineers have done already if you're
keeping score right so the engineers
have figured out I had to modify
mentally
to double or quadruple their
effectiveness they figured out how to
shrink tests you know down to a little
kit that you can spit in swab yourself
your own nose engineers have figured out
how to make a tabletop thing that'll
give you a result in 15 minutes what
else have engineers done engineers have
figured out you know it had a 3d print
parts for ventilators engineers have
figured out how to make mass their
building engineers are retrofitting
buildings to produce all the the PPE and
the other stuff
Dyson completely reinvented a ventilator
so engineers are really killing it right
now and if you're if you're waiting for
the scientists to do their thing that
probably just takes a little longer but
the reason that my guess is that the
reason you don't have plenty of the
malaria drug the the so called trump
pills is that the engineers need to
probably re-engineer and expand the
production I don't know if we can get
all the all the meds we need just by
running the you know the pill printing
press more hours maybe we can't but my
guess is the engineers are actually just
building brand new production fills
facilities out of nothing just all over
the world for various various things you
know you saw engineers build on kind of
websites for people to connect if you
think about it
engineers are killing it oh it apps what
about apps you know all the various apps
we flew suggested etc so if you look at
what engineers have already contributed
to the the war it's really shockingly
amazingly excitingly
impressive somebody says my video stream
keeps stopping well I can't do much
about that
yeah there's lots of news about zoom I
have such conflicting feelings about
zoom because that as a product it's
amazing
zoom is one of just one of the great
products it just is really well made
it's bulletproof
does everything you wanted to do but
they have that problem that they have a
lot of Chinese engineers in China and
some of the traffic goes through China
to a to their servers I guess and that's
a pretty pretty big security risk for
businesses we're using it
normal periscope just sucks I don't know
what that means all right I'm gonna take
some oh you know I forgot to turn on the
question mode which means I can't
actually take some questions so I did a
tweet just before I got on here so I'm
gonna read read the questions
yes that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
read the questions that you're putting
in my Twitter feed because I'm sure you
did that
that's say all right so some questions
David angel says I think you left out a
word but I think while you're trying to
say as a what age did you realize you
were smarter than average well you know
it's funny about that is if you ask
people if you did a poll they asked
people if they're smarter than average I
think something like 80 percent of
people say they're smarter than average
so just let me give us some context
there the answer that question is m5 ish
by five I was learning to you know read
and it became slowly I became aware that
other kids my age were about reading as
well so I think that's when I noticed it
is around five yeah I was just learning
things a little faster
somebody says they're having a more
fulfilling life going on walks and
relearning the piano I don't want to go
back you know there gonna be some people
who believe that or I mean others feel
the same way there gonna be some people
who if they didn't get you know crushed
or sick or you know the people would
somehow avoided economic or health
problems are gonna look back at this and
say there's kind of some good time off
to myself but other people are gonna be
suffering mightily alright is the death
rate flattening in New York and that is
a good question does anybody see the New
York mortality rates for today I think
it was it was flat flat for two days but
then somebody said it spiked again today
I don't know if that's true you know
there's gonna be a little bit noisy in
it so no matter what what direction
things are moving you should expect
they'll be an update and adonde but if I
look down 222 deaths that was today and
I think yesterday was much less than
that right well I'm getting less of
getting different numbers today so I
have to look that somebody says was a
big surge today so I don't know if every
day tells you something because you
could just have you know coincidental
good day when still a bad day so maybe a
few more days we'll have a trend has
Kovan mutated to several strains some
more deadly well I'm not exactly the
right person to ask that question but I
read I'll tell you what I read which is
that there's at least two strains and
one is one is more dangerous than the
other well beyond that I don't know it's
they're supposed to mutate and become
weaker over time
allegedly
let's say just look at your questions
most of your questions about or a lot of
about hydroxychloroquine all right what
is the recovery rate for those sick
enough to be put on a ventilator oh I
was what I just said so based on the
doctor whose name I don't remember so
you know he judged the credibility
accordingly will you adopt me Brandon
says yes yes I will consider yourself
adopted I don't have to fill out
paperwork do I can a person get the
seasonal flu and Cove in nineteen
simultaneously I have no idea but don't
you think it's happened to somebody yeah
yeah if it's possible at all you know
it's happened to somebody and that's got
to be a bad day but on the other hand I
don't know if it's possible because if
you get the seasonal flu does your
immunity you know rise to the challenge
and then it gives you some immunity
against something else I don't know no
doctor do you think anything bad will
happen to the World Health Organization
well I I think all their credibility is
gone what I don't know what they did
before they decided to shamelessly lie
in public in the most obvious way so I
don't know enough about what they were
doing before but I hope it didn't depend
on being credible because that boat
sailed shouldn't we have early results
from New York City about the the
hydroxychloroquine and the answer is yes
we should but if they still have a
shortage problem and we don't know about
that but if they still have a shortage
of the meds they might not want to tell
you any preliminary stuff that looks a
little too positive not only because
they want to make sure and wait longer
but probably when why you to get you
know too worked up and trying
to horde it so in theory we should know
some stuff by now in reality I don't
know now the other thing I don't know is
what kind of test it is because
apparently there's a big difference
between giving it to somebody at first
symptoms it's like a I don't know if the
flu or a cold or a cough or it will just
take the malaria drug the Trump pills
now we're apparently at least
anecdotally if you get it early it makes
a big difference but then there's also
the thought that people on ventilators
are getting benefits from it so I don't
know which one they're testing and it
seems like they would get very different
results from them so can social
distancing and hand-washing reduce the R
factor to blow one in a hot zone I would
think yes you know but of course
everything's friction that doesn't mean
that doesn't mean it's easy but in a
theoretical sense could you just do
enough hand-washing and enough social
distancing and also if the weather is
warmer would those three things be
enough to get the the spread rate below
you know one person giving it to one
person theoretically I just don't know
how practical it is to get people to be
that well-behaved but theoretically yes
yeah so there's news that you literally
will have to escape from New York
you know paging Snake Plissken was that
the character in Escape from New York so
do you think you'd live to a day when
you couldn't leave New York
I'm hoping this is temporary but and I'm
sure that these things are well thought
out that was something that I tweeted
that I probably just I'm going to remind
you every single time I see you nobody
is really smart enough to know exactly
what to do and when is the the time to
do it the moment you think that you know
what's the right thing to do and the
right
time to do it that's when you should
discount all of your own opinions
forever cuz that's a that's just a crazy
opinion you don't know I don't know do
you think there's anybody in the
administration who ever who knows who
knows what to do and also when to do it
no but I guarantee you there are a
variety of different opinions and
whatever happens somebody is going to
look back and say well you should have
done what I said or they're gonna say
well you did what I said and it worked
out right so I guess I'm a genius
but the fact is as long as there are
lots of people with different ideas and
I think they're you know the spectrum is
you know from go back to work soon to to
keep the lock down into place longer
somebody's gonna be right but that
doesn't mean beats because they're smart
and I would argue that there isn't
anybody smart enough to know what is
even right so it's already bothering me
in advance that people are gonna claim
genius for being on the right side of
you know with the right amount of alarm
or or not somebody was gonna get it
right doesn't mean it was because you
were smart
it just means because everybody was all
over the map it just has to be that some
people get it right so it's already
bothering me in advance so is Trump
running unopposed at this point
basically yeah basically Trump is
running unopposed you know in the
virtual sense that Biden has disappeared
and there's not much left of them and
you know if you were to plot the curve I
was actually gonna make a graph of this
but it seemed to mean you know to show
that the time time to the convention and
you know plot Biden's likely you know
decline and whether he gave make it to
the convention it's actually gonna be
kind of close because at this point
there's not much left of them he's sort
of a you know stack of old magazines as
my friend once said so
yeah then people are talking about
drafting cuomo you know I I would have
to say that cuomo is charismatic and he
does he does a really good job of
empathy and fighting for his people and
you know taking responsibility and very
literally things so i would give cuomo
quite hard quite high marks if i'm being
objective quite high marks for how he's
handling you know the public
communication and probably even the
decisions because nobody's perfect you
know he's not going to get every
colleges right that's not a thing and
then people are talking about drafting
him but I thought what would happen you
know what would have to be the the
publicly and generally recognised reason
they you would do that could the
Democrats at this late stage and it
would be even later than this because
Cuomo is not going to do anything while
he's in the middle of this I mean even
if Cuomo got drafted he's kind of busy
right if he started running for
president next week he's not the guy you
want for president because that's not
what he ought to be doing in the middle
of emergency so it doesn't seem to me
there's a practical way that it could be
done you know given the timing the
emergency the fact that it would be you
know how do you explain that by didn't
got this far how would the Democrats
possibly explain that then let it get
this far and you know what I'm talking
about you know they can see it the same
as you can that Biden you know just
doesn't have the juice and if they at
some point if they have to admit that
they knew all along I mean it's just so
damning it's like well yeah we knew
there wasn't much left there but we
didn't want to you know change horses
there's just no way to just can't be
explained all right
who has impressed you the most during
the pandemic yeah this is Adam Cornelius
and he says I'd like the VP all around
any others well you know I say this all
the time because I'm always impressed by
it but Mike Pence is like the most solid
utility you know six man he is really
solid you know not my choice for
president you know I don't you know
certainly don't agree with him on you
know some of his social opinions and I'm
not religious so you know I I don't I
don't map to his point of view but if
you're just being fair and saying okay
you know but he's not expressing his
points of view he's adopting the
president's point of view and doing a
job how is he doing
if he asked me that question the answer
is pretty solid pretty solid I would say
that pence look strong actually I think
I think Trump Trump is just being Trump
it for all the good ways and all the bad
ways
you know everybody's tolerance for the
personality parts of Trump that really
make him special frankly and make him
interesting and all that make him funny
I think just everybody has a little less
tolerance for that in this situation but
he's but but we also like the fact that
he's always him right so sort of a mixed
bag it's like you know what you're
getting so you know you get some of that
but if he if you think past that if you
can think past the fact oh my goodness
is this the first time
CNN ever fact-check them and decided he
said something that wasn't true so if
you get past the little stuff has he
made the right decisions I think history
is going to be pretty kind to him and I
you know I think nobody knew when is
soon enough for what to do but the polls
are clearly moving in his favor
so his support is clearly growing in
general and also
in regards to handling of the the crisis
so whatever he's doing is clearly
working politically you could say that
and I you know I said from the start I'm
gonna be super forgiving of mistakes
that get made and had been made and how
to deal with this thing because anybody
who says they know how to do it
this is the least credible person in the
room nobody knows so if they're acting
you know boldly you know trying to
reassure the public there they can
rapidly correct they're not doing
anything that's a dead end and it would
kill you if it's the wrong decision if
they're getting the basics right in
terms of let's let's talk to everybody
make a decision try it do it fast if it
doesn't work you know measure what
happened correct it fix it adjust if
they're doing stuff like that
I'm completely forgiving for any
mistakes because this isn't a you know
take take a good aim and shoot a bull's
eye kind of a situation this is very
much of a this is a cage fight and it
doesn't matter if you have a strategy if
the other thing important it doesn't
know you're doesn't know what your
strategy is you know you're gonna have
to have to improvise when when things
get interesting
alright so focus advice how to build a
new skill well I I would say with micro
steps so if there's a skill that you
think fits well with your talents doubt
do whatever is the smallest thing you're
willing to do today it might be Google
something talk to somebody write a note
to yourself what's the smallest thing
you're willing to do toward that skill
that would fit well with your talent
stack then do it and then the next day
do then do whatever is the next small
thing if at some point it doesn't start
pulling you along then maybe maybe it's
not for you but you can prime the pump
very easily alright
dang it then he looks for some more
comments here all right question what
are credible examples of lockdowns
working why are so many countries using
this blunt tool instead of more precise
strategic ways both ah well it's a good
question
and I'm very suspicious of anybody who
can look at the other countries
experiences and be sure they know why
something worked because if you take
South Korea you know is it because of
the testing or is it because the masks
is it because they're as a society there
were more you know willing to do what
their leaders wanted did they just
comply better did did they use the
different meds than we did did they use
them quicker was there something about
the nature of the way they live that you
know none of the nursing homes got you
know so you could imagine a hundred
variables but the one that feels like
the one that would be most impactful so
this is the the dumb non-scientists non
doctor but if you were to say to me you
know make a make a list of all the
things you know which are the things
that mattered the most was that the
amount of testing this South Korea did
or the fact that they seemed to
massively wear masks I feel like you
know just my gut feel I feel like it was
the masks not the testing but the
official story assisted testing so if
you want to take the word of the people
actually know what they're talking about
and looked into it and you know all the
experts and the people who were smart
they say the testing was the big thing
but how many how many people did they
test you know I can't make them numbers
work in my head where I I don't remember
what the numbers were but if you look at
the whole population of South Korea and
then how many how many tests they did
like I can't square it that it was the
test that fixed everything but if it was
also true that pretty much everybody had
access to a mask and immediately
complied in or them you know just
culturally it was just you know easier
and faster and wouldn't that get you to
a pretty good place pretty quickly I
feel like that would be 80% of it about
20% but that's just a gut feeling maybe
we'll get some visibility on that later
let's see questioned well one of the
good things to come out of this
world-changing event be the young people
learning how to make their own coffee I
assume that that's a reference to
Starbucks being closed in nineteen
eighteen and nineteen are that pandemic
the Spanish flu six hundred and seventy
five thousand Americans died but soon
after we entered the Roaring Twenties so
just a few years afterward we're in boom
times can something like that happen
again and the answer is yeah yeah I mean
I don't think the likelihood is that
it's just gonna assume up to the moon I
don't think that's the top likelihood I
think that if I had to a handicap it the
most likely thing is that it will be on
the on the better side of predictions
meaning I think it's going to be better
than the average prediction it'll be you
stronger faster than the average person
would predict but you know I don't think
it's necessarily gonna go right to boom
towns and boom times and twelve months
we got a lot of a lot of territory to
catch up but yeah I don't see any reason
that we wouldn't come back very strong
it's just their rate of strength when
things return to normal will Americans
be more appreciative of everyday life
yes
for a little while so the nature of
people is that when you can finally go
outside and do whatever you want you
know assuming it happens in some you
know sudden way instead of a very
gradual way
yeah we don't feel appreciative and man
will we appreciate it and it might even
last you know a year or two but
eventually it's going to wear off so yes
we would be more appreciative but it's
absolutely not a lasting effect is my
experience let's see what other
questions we got here pom pom pom sorry
I'm just looking are all the governor's
banning that the Trump pills Democrats
nothing I know of but I haven't looked
at that
mary-jane says what makes sense
this is this is a question what makes
sense what doesn't make sense
this is a profound question Mary Jane
it's all answer for you what is the only
thing that you could know for sure I'll
give you a moment what is the only thing
in this whole reality in this world and
your life what's the only thing you can
know for sure well if you've taken
philosophy 101 you know the answer to it
the only thing you can know for sure is
that you exist because you're asking the
question you couldn't be asking the
question if you didn't exist but beyond
that you actually don't know so the
answer your question to what makes sense
is that you exist and nothing else does
nothing else does everything else is a
rationalization all right
let me look at your your comments and I
will see if you've got any good
questions in here you know a big part of
why I do this is just to you know bond
with all of you and make us all feel
better about the the news and make us
feel a little less lonely and I hope
that listening to me
oh so somebody says a nurse at Kaiser
says it's the people on ibuprofen who
are getting pneumonia I don't think
that's I don't think that's certain
enough that we should put that out there
but the part that is certain is I do
think there's a recommendation not to
take ibuprofen but I don't know the
specifics of it but that's really
interesting think of all the people who
take ibuprofen on a pretty regular basis
if if you know just hypothetically I
don't think we're gonna find out this is
a case but I'll just put it out there as
a hypothetical if the only thing that
made the coronavirus you know covered 19
if the only thing that made it extra
dangerous is that it was bad for people
who are also taking ibuprofen it would
be the most dangerous you know virus we
ever saw wouldn't it because there's so
many people who take ibuprofen that a
virus is a very good chance of hitting
one of them so we know it's a bad idea
to be on the ibuprofen
I guess tylenol is the safer one
according to the doctor I just watched
please don't get your medical advice
from from me I'm simply reporting things
I heard with no credibility whatsoever
so take no medical advice from me but
it's a weird situation because in the
emergency we're all kind of deputized to
share information so I feel I feel a
little bit exposed sharing information
on the topic that I shouldn't be talking
about at all which is health care all
right
where the big trucks spraying
disinfectant like China yeah I still
think that that was just for show I
think China was just showing that they
had control and assets and they were
really all over this thing
well Dilbert worried over a Cove in
nineteen well the the Dilbert comics
that I'm drawing this week do feature
Dilbert with face masks and social
distancing and he's working from home at
least part of it now I had to anticipate
one is he ever going to go back to work
and I don't know if I'm assuming
there'll be some phased approach so at
least some people would be back to work
so I'm gonna have to gonna have to
decide
probably in the landscaping what I was
told my doc they're for respiratory
problems this is always true it's not a
kovat thing I think you're referring to
the ibuprofen so somebody who was also
not a doctor suggests that it's bad no
matter what kind of flu virus you got oh
you're very appreciative of me I
appreciate that
so these did you see that there's a lot
of attacks against doctor foul Qi now
you know predictably right so apparently
doctor Falchi allegedly has some
financial ties to Gilead which is one of
the big companies that would benefit if
the drug remember servile whatever it is
but if their drug becomes the favored
one that would be a gigantic financial
windfall for a company that he's worked
with you know he has some kind of
financial ties with I guess so we'll see
how that plays out see if anybody cares
how important is it to have cash on hand
I think not important actually the
things that I thought would not be in
shortage was food in general albeit
maybe not your specific thing but it was
obviously you couldn't hoard vegetables
and fruit and so there's sort of a limit
to how much you can hoard of things that
go bad quickly so I always assumed food
would never be a problem I always
assumed electricity water you know that
the basics would all be fine so and I I
remain 100% confident that the basics
are all going to be fine do you know
that we saw that report that people who
weighed more were having more deaths and
I was waiting to hear the doctor I was
listening to confirm that and he did not
which anyway was Elon Musk downplaying
the virus wrong hears I'm gonna say this
so many times
nobody was wrong people had different
opinions but nobody could know in other
words the the body of information that
it would take for you to actually have
an informed opinion just didn't exist so
in that in that case you could have
people who lean one way and lean the
others and when you're done you're gonna
say well one of them was leaning the
right way after the fact and one was not
but you know nobody could be right it's
all just guesses at first so I just
reject the I'd reject the notion that in
the developing month or two there was
such a thing as being wrong I think
there were just people who had different
guesses but it wasn't enough to use your
brain and reason it out and look at the
fact
just wasn't an option how does the
simulation fit in well obviously this is
a software upgrade so this software
upgrade is changing something about the
this game we call the simulation and
it's removing some a lot of people from
the game apparently that's the bad part
and it's giving us new challenges but
it's probably hardening us against
future pandemics you know think about
the next pandemic because I was trying
to count up the number of ways we're
gonna solve this one think about all the
ways that we will solve it it's just a
matter of which one you know gets there
first so for example we have a number of
different ways to test and some of them
are these cheap table top things and
stuff so that's a guaranteed way to win
if we made enough of them now maybe it
takes a while but if we made enough of
them that's a guaranteed way to win and
we know how to make lots of things so if
the test was alright you could have to
make a hundred million of these tests
because you want them everywhere could
we make a hundred million of a small
electronic unit yeah we could do that
you know I don't know how long that
takes but yeah yeah we can get there so
that's one way and I'm sure the at least
one of the drugs they're testing will
work
I think the serum immunology thing will
work I think if we did more DNA testing
we'd know who has more risk than other
people that would work so we probably
have something like five or maybe six
different ways that would totally work
like a very high likelihood it would
work but they all take some time to
implement for different reasons so it's
sort of solved five different ways we
just have to weed we just don't know
which one will get there first
let's see
and I'm just looking at your comments
well we stock up on masks after this it
seems like it you know wouldn't you
imagine that you know I've always had an
emergency preparation kit so I've always
had you know at least at the very least
I would have a commercial kit of you
know some basic stuff and you know I
always have more food and cans and rice
and stuff just in case so I'm always
sort of semi prepared but look how
prepared we're going to be in the future
we're really prepared am I still feeling
the healthiest I've ever been yeah yeah
because I've been just a maniac about my
fitness just to stay as strong as
possible for my immune system I'm
actually you know the healthiest I've
ever felt in my whole life literally
true yeah I'm just bouncing up down the
stairs I can I can run all day you know
my muscle definition is good I think
I've lost 9 pounds since the since the
the lockdown started for me it's been
great now I would like to clear up
something this is maybe too personal but
I thought I'd tell you anyway I'm in
lockdown
I'm in quarantine not quarantine because
I don't have any symptoms I'm in social
isolation actually by myself so there's
there's nobody nobody in this house
except me
so Cristina you know has as a house of
her own nearby and so she's there with
some family members and for for maximum
risk management I'm I'm the one who's
the got the biggest risk because of age
and asthma and stuff and so I'm actually
in just in isolation basically so if I
if I see anybody it's from a good
distance away so needless to say
being away from your fiance is very
difficult but it's not impossible
and in the you know on the on the scale
of things that people are sacrificing to
you know for the greater good it's
pretty small
you know I mean it's bad for me it's
very bad for me but on the larger scheme
of things it doesn't compare to what you
know every doctor is doing every day
what do I think about the Kennedy Center
layoffs it's just all fake news stuff
that political stuff care about you know
so the Kennedy Center gets twenty five
million dollars and then it lays off
some people and wasn't the whole idea
and that's the lay off people here's the
thing if you don't know the whole story
you just don't really know anything and
the whole story is how many people did
they keep what is the you know are they
going to give them some severance it
could be that they laid them off with
severance they plan to bring her back
you know so you'd have to know a lot
more about what their budget is and what
they got and when they got it and what
their plans are I just don't want to
have even have a opinion on that when is
the date for the wedding well I'll tell
you what it was I won't be specific but
it was going to be in the period that is
now social isolation period so without
being more specific that plan is on hold
until we know when people can be in the
same room which country openly turns on
China first I don't know if anybody will
I think the deal with China is you have
to act like their friend while you're
you know slowly backing out the door I
don't think you want to make a mad that
seems like a bad idea so he says do you
have a weapon and which one I always
answer the same way I'm I'm Pro Second
Amendment
but anybody who has anybody who has a
weapon in their house
why would you tell somebody else how
many you have and what kind they are
would that be would that defeat the
purpose what would be the point of
having weapon or weapons be they
handguns or be they larger what would be
the point of having said hypothetical
weapons if you were just going to tell
people what you had that would be that
would be the worst idea ever well who
taught you home defense so let's just
say that's the question they shall not
be answered get buried on Easter yeah I
don't think so so far somebody says none
of their friends have died I would say I
well I've certainly heard direct reports
from people on Twitter saying somebody
said they're lost both parents oh my god
but I don't know anybody yet why does
California have a large testing backlog
well I don't know but obviously that
that suggests there's some kind of
centralized bottleneck so I would say
it's the wrong technology or the wrong
system or both when will we see the
study results of the Trump pills well
we're speculating that we would already
have some early indications but maybe
the smart people don't want us to know
so it's entirely possible that the
scientists and the doctors already have
a pretty good idea sort of you know
short of rigor but I don't think they're
going to tell us it looks like how many
weeks until crime picks up you know I
don't know it's a good question we
haven't seen a crime statistics but
don't you assume that the number of
let's say drunk driving deaths
some traffic deaths and your murders
don't you think almost every crime
statistic went way down now there must
be some you know anything that happens
indoors your own house domestic violence
I would think probably didn't go up just
because of the pressure but I'll bet
there's a whole bunch of categories that
went down will Bernie come back to be
Joe you know I think if the Democrats
were even a little bit willing to accept
Bernie as their as their candidate I
think it would have happened
you mentioned the government is lying
any ideas about the specifics yeah
anything that came from our government
that agreed with the World Health
Organization that masks wouldn't have
any benefit that was really clearly a
lie and I think it just had to do with
the shortage of masks I also believe
that there's maybe lie by omission about
what we do or do not know about the
hydroxychloroquine so there's there's
something going on there and again that
might be just managing managing the
hoarding you know I have not driven my
car and there's no there's no reason I
couldn't I can go for a ride
but they the streets are all empty let's
say my wife my wife works on the health
data team working to verify well if your
wife works on that team are you telling
me she doesn't already know so in the
comments somebody said that I guess his
wife is part of some medical team
looking at the effectiveness and a test
I think you kind of already know don't
you because if the test has run more
than two days you kind of already know
because if it didn't work in two days it
doesn't work
because everything that we've heard
about it is that there's fairly you know
rapid results how good am I at tennis
well I I stopped playing tennis but at
my best I was probably you know four to
four to a four point five for those who
know what tennis ratings are which is
you know not that impressive Cuomo says
that the testing is going strong in New
York
well good what do you make of the 21
million deactivated Chinese mobile
phones
well I have a number of hypotheses
number one it didn't happen so the first
most obvious hypothesis is that wherever
this report comes out that somehow there
were suddenly 21 million fewer phones
and of course people suggested that
means they died my first most obvious
thing would be okay it's probably just
not true
that there that that data point just
didn't happen so I'd say that's probably
at least an 85 percent chance that
that's all it is it's just didn't happen
but let's say it did just for fun how
else could you explain it well you could
explain it this way you might have some
kind of a system change this simply made
it look like they disappeared and I
don't know what that would look like but
just you know for brainstorming purposes
let's say let's say they got rid of an
area code or added an area code and it
was some massive switch of phone numbers
and it made it look like bunch of phones
disappeared but maybe on the next report
they would reappear because they just
transferred to another yeah so you could
imagine ways that there would just be
some system change that made it look
like a whole bunch of phones disappeared
for a month and then they'd come back
I'm not saying that's likely I'm just
saying you could imagine other reasons
another reason would be
and again just brainstorming suppose
that the Chinese were using the phones
to track track people who were suspected
of coming in contact so let's say that
the the Chinese authorities said hand me
your phone and by the way you're never
gonna see it again because I'm gonna use
your phone back at the office and I'm
gonna track it and I'm gonna you know
take your data but it's an emergency and
you're just never gonna see your phone
again sorry you can buy a new phone but
I'm gonna take your phone and you're
just never gonna see it again I'm just
gonna you know and by the way I'll shoot
you if you don't give me the password
but Popol Vuh so one possibility is that
they confiscated 21 million phones
didn't really have a intention of giving
it back or didn't want to or or they're
corrupt and they just sold them on the
black market I don't know but you could
easily imagine that they confiscated 21
million phones just to check who they
had been contacting with right so I
don't know the answer the question but
my best guess is it doesn't mean the 21
million people died I think it's safe to
say far more people died than the
reporting but I think we would know if
it were 21 million so I feel confident
in this statement the real death toll is
probably a lot more than China is saying
but not so much more than it's in the
range of 21 million because I don't see
there's any way we were to miss that if
our intelligence agencies couldn't
couldn't figure that out
if 21 million people died we didn't
notice we'd have to fire all of our
intelligence people I think all right I
think that's about all I got for today
will I be appearing on the Bill Maher
show before the election I doubt it
I don't get the sense that I would be
invited yeah and obviously it's not up
to me
could I beat Billie Jean King now I
couldn't you know even well you know
actually let me take that back it only
the people who are a certain age know
that Billie Jean King you know played
Bobby Riggs and he was older and she was
the champion at the time and the women's
side and so just as a spectacle they
decided to play and make it the you know
the male sexist pig against the
feminists and sort of built as a kind of
a cultural thing and Billie Jean
actually beat Bobby Riggs but anyway if
you watch any of the the old stuff here
I don't know if this is true but it
feels like it's true the equipment and
the training and the way people play
tennis today is so different than they
did in let's say in the sixties and
seventies that I think just a really
good player might be able to beat like a
top 10 player from the sixties in the
70s because the ball was moving so much
slower back then and they had wooden
rackets and you know they just played a
different game so to your questions
could I beat the Billie Jean King if she
played the way she did then with the
equipment you know the old wooden racket
and I played her when I was at the peak
of my skills which might have been
around age 55 probably was when I was
actually playing the best and I used my
modern equipment I think I could've beat
her actually but only because the
equipment difference which is gigantic
somebody says you were dead wrong about
the tennis thing I don't know which part
you're saying that about I don't doubt
that you're right I just don't know what
you're complaining about oh that I could
beat her well so here's the thing if you
watch Billie Jean King you know hitting
the ball in a hard way back in those
days it's not as hard as just regular
people I would play on the weekends and
I could hit it back far harder so if I
could return the ball far harder and it
wouldn't even be that hard because she
didn't hit it that hard yeah I probably
could press her and I think I could
actually at least it's possible I could
have been beating her yeah yeah all
right
I've not listened to the new Bob Dylan
song I didn't know there was one what's
your favorite predicted markets for the
general election yeah I haven't really
looked at that too much all right I
don't know how much I'll say I'm gonna
go do something else
and I will talk to you in the morning
you know what time for the simultaneous
F don't miss it
see you that