[Music]
well it's time for the simultaneous sip
or as somebody on YouTube refer to it as
the concurrent
chug well you can chug or you can sip
it's very permissive here so come on in
come on in we got lots to talk about but
first first
it's time for the simultaneous Sip and
all you need is a copper marer glass of
tanker chin a canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure
that dopamine h of the day the thing
that makes everything better including
the air quality in California it's
called the simultaneous hip it happens
now go
yes speaking of air quality I've been
living in a smoke infested hell hole for
weeks now but the air quality today has
improved a little bit so today I might
be able to go outside that would be
pretty exciting have all of you
experienced going
Outdoors imagine having Corona
virus but you also can't go outside
because it's too dangerous
that's my world in California but enough
about me let's talk about all the fun
news uh as others have noted I think
Jason Miller noted this first um did you
notice that when Trump did his uh this
little video from the hospital Walter
Reed hospital did you notice or was it
am I the only one who noticed this and
Jason Miller I guess noticed it too that
he didn't say a word about white
supremacist
so I don't know about you but now I
wonder if he's changed back to being in
favor of it again because if you don't
hear from him to denounce white
supremacy every I don't know at least
every 24 hours every eight hours would
be ideal but at least every 24 hours
he's going to have to work it into a
sentence otherwise how can we really be
sure sure he's denounced them 20 30
times s in public
but sometimes that's not enough so we'll
be watching for that there are two new
polls coming out about Biden and
Trump and uh these
polls um seem to indicate a problem
there is a problem here the problem
being with the polls themselves all
right so here's one the NBC Wall Street
Journal poll shows a a huge jump in
support for Biden and that he would be
at 53% compared to Trump's
39 if that's true if this poll is even a
little bit
legitimate Trump has no chance he's done
why is my nose always itch when I go on
camera
um but on the other side of the spectrum
we've got the zogby poll in which the
very opposite happened so in the other
world the other reality in zogby uh
Biden's lead has been cut down to two so
it's only a 49 to 47
difference now that's really different
it would be one thing if both polls
showed that the direction of things was
the same but maybe one of them showed
that it was even more in One Direction
than the other one did I would think
well those polls are different but at
least they seem to be heading in the
right
direction but if one goes north and one
goes south based on the same world
events and taken roughly at the same
time I don't think I trust both of those
polls I'm not sure if you can trust any
poll these days but I certainly don't
trust them
together um for those of you who don't
pay attention as much what do you know
about the NBC
polls and NBC News well I'm just telling
you what's been reported people who are
smarter than I am would tell you that
the NBC polls are um essentially
controlled by our own intelligence
agencies do I know that personally no I
don't personally have any information
about that but smart people say that NBC
is largely controlled by our own
intelligence agencies so what would our
intelligence agencies want us to think
about the upcoming
election they might want us to think
that President Trump can't win might
depress the
vote
um so I wouldn't trust anything out of
an NBC pool poll but if it turns out
that there are other polls that agree
with it well then maybe you take it a
little bit more seriously but we'll wait
on that um in my opinion the worst take
on the Corona virus goes like this masks
definitely don't
work now I'm not the
expert you I'm not a epidemiologist I'm
not a mask
expert and I am certainly open to the
idea certainly a possibility strong
possibility really The Masks don't help
as much as the experts would like us to
leave totally possible if you said I'm
not sure if masks work I'd say well
there's a that's a reasonable opinion
right there if you said I'm pretty sure
they do you might be right you might be
wrong but that's a reasonable opinion
it's a reasonable opinion because it
would agree with uh the consensus of
experts as far as I know in every major
country so all the major countries got
on the same page which is unusual about
masks having data to support that they
work so if you said probably they work
and a lot of the experts are on the same
page even if these experts are all over
the place normally you expect experts to
be more diverse in their opinions but
they all seem at least the consensus not
every expert but the consensus in every
major country exactly the
same that mean something here's the
worst take masks definitely don't
work now is it possible is it possibly
true that masks don't make any
difference and all of the the consensus
of experts in all the countries are all
wrong is that possible yes totally
totally
possible what what is the Smart risk
reward way to play it suppose you are
pretty sure they don't work but it's
more of a hunch more of a skepticism
maybe you saw some maybe you saw some
studies that say Hey the the particle is
only this big but there's so many holes
in the in a mask if you looked at it
under a microscope the holes would be
this size the particle would be the size
of a BB how is a hole the size of a of a
basketball hoop going to stop a
BB that of course is a very bad take
here's what you should be thinking what
does that virus ride on does it travel
alone it does not it rides on air
droplets is the air
droplet small enough to go through the
hole that's size of a uh basketball hoop
relatively speaking and the answer is
some are some get through some do not
that's called friction some get through
and some do not so if some get through
and some do not what would that tell you
about the total amount of virus that's
being spread into the room I know what
you're saying Scott Scott Scott I've
seen I've seen the video where they
tested it the mass doesn't stop the air
from coming out it just comes out the
sides it still comes out
same amount of air has to go somewhere
so it's not like staying within the mask
right it's going somewhere that's right
but it's not going as far is it if your
mask is sort of leaking out the edges
it's staying near you if you take the
mask off and you're a big talker hey
what you doing let me talk to you right
into your face you're shooting a cannon
of virus into the other person's mouth
and eyes is it the
same maybe maybe I wouldn't rule out the
possibility that if you really could
study this thing and apparently it's
hard to study so you really can't that
in the real
world maybe the the virus coming out the
side floats in the air doesn't matter
that it was local to you because it all
spreads out maybe I I'm open to that it
could be that they don't work but what
are the odds if you're going to play the
odds here what's the smart way to play
this well if you've got some special
condition where wearing a mask might be
dangerous to you personally well that's
a personal decision but in terms of the
risk
reward given that the experts in every
country the consensus not every expert
but the consensus is very strongly
unambiguously wear a mask maybe you
ought to take that seriously on a risk
reward level again doesn't mean that
there's a 100% chance that they really
make a big difference but I would say
the odds are pretty good 30% chance
Suppose there were a 30% chance it would
make a difference would you would you
think that's worth it I would say so I
would think a 30% chance that mass make
a difference would be
enough um yeah and even if you add into
it the fact that people will tell their
mask and all of that all of that's been
taken into consideration by the experts
who study these things and have figured
out that the data suggests that it works
here's here's a um good rule for
determining what is true and what is
fake in terms of the news it's in my
book loser think and the the trick goes
like this if you see something reported
as true un CNN and untrue on Fox News
it's untrue not because Fox news says
it's untrue but because there are two
news organizations equally capable and
if they don't both say it's
true about 95% of the time it's not true
that's also reversed if Fox news says
it's definitely true and CNN says no
that never happened there's a 95% chance
it didn't happen but if both of them say
something is true the odds of it being
true very high both Fox News and CNN and
MBC and every other network left and
right report
unambiguously masks are important right
now they do have on Fox News especially
they'll have guests which will who will
be on the side of opening up and taking
our chances and getting her immunity and
all that but it's always in context
they'll still bring on their own medical
guy right after the guy who says maybe
masks are not that important they'll
still bring on their medical guide to
say yeah masks are important the experts
agree so that's all I want to say you
could certainly say you're not sure if
masks work but it is not a good take to
say therefore we shouldn't wear them
that the logic isn't
there the logic is might be a good
chance they work given the stakes it's
worth a shot it probably won't kill you
I've got a question about this Rose
Garden super spreader situation probably
you have the same question
right the and the question goes like
this um why is why is one event such a
spread situation and others are not
because they're not that different are
they what would make the Rose Garden
event so so
infectious but yet let's say the normal
Trump rallies were not let's say the
black lives matter rallies were not it
seems like there are a lot of things
that were
not but this one was now how can you
explain that well the most obvious
explanation would be this Statistics are
not even there there is a thing called
statistical cluster
it's one of the reasons that you
sometimes think oh no the water is
polluted in this town because this town
has an unusual amount of a certain kind
of cancer sometimes that's exactly
what's going on sometimes you have in
fact found that this town has a problem
with the water and the water is giving
people cancer sometimes other times it's
just a fluke of statistics and when you
look into it you just find out oh it's
actually fairly
that there will be little clusters of
unexplained
things for every situation and those
little clusters don't mean anything
because they're normal so it could be
that the Rose Garden situation was just
one of those just a complete coincidence
that there happened to be infected
people more than usual who attended the
event and were not aware of it could be
just statistics but I ask you this could
could there ever have been a more
perfect place for from the perspective
of the
anti-trumpers what would be the most
perfect place for a super spreading
thing to break out well number one would
be at a rally right a rally would make
the case for Biden because if a rally
broke out he could say see what you've
done you're you're killing your own
supporters but I've not heard much in
the way of rallies causing
spreading have you maybe it's harder to
tell because they don't you know the
public doesn't get tested as
much
but the first thing you have to ask
yourself is huh that would be a pretty
big coincidence so we would have two
coincidences one that this Rose Garden
event coincidentally had all the right
variables for a super spreading event
whereas others do not but also by
coincidence so this is a coincidence on
top of a coincidence it would be the
most politically powerful thing to do
because giving Co to a bunch of
professional politicians mostly
Republican would be more popular let's
say if if you were a Democrat than
giving it to Citizens because you would
just have empathy if citizens get it do
you have the same amount of empathy if a
republican who didn't wear a mask in
public
got it right so that's a coincidence
that it happened that that it was super
sprey in this one event on top of a
coincidence it was also the most
politically powerful place it could
happen two big coincidences
right here's a uh here's a filter oh
here's another coincidence it happened
exactly the week relatively speaking
that the 2016 uh video
dropped um that the video dropped of uh
the Access Hollywood tape now why did
the Access Hollywood tape drop exactly
when it did in 2016 was that a
coincidence was that the week that
somebody found the video no that was an
engineered drop because it was close
enough to the election that it didn't
look like we could forget it and it
wasn't anything the president could do
about it he just had to live with it
there there was no response to it all
you can say is hey locker room talk you
know doing my best so if you were going
to play an intentional dirty trick it
would happen this week so that would be
a coincidence so you've got a
coincidence that the Rose Garden was the
Super spread event a coincidence it's
the most politically powerful thing
where it could have happened
and also it involved the Supreme Court
nomination what was it that we heard
from the Democrats about the Supreme
Court nomination what did Chuck Schumer
say about the fact that the Republicans
were going to push through the
nomination I believe he said
everything's on the
table everything's on the table and I
think he sort of meant it everything's
on the table as a strategy so now you've
got the coincidence that was in the Rose
Garden and not in other places a
coincidence it was the perfect event
because it had to do with the Supreme
Court and it was mostly
Republicans it
was uh it was during a time when Schumer
said anything's on the
table
and it happened there was one other
coincidence there um now does that mean
that there was some Mischief involved
and that maybe
the infections were intentional nope
there is zero evidence of anybody
intentionally infecting anybody so let
me say that as clearly as possible there
is zero
evidence that there's anything except
just natural infection going on because
it could easily happen with just
coincidence and chance and natural
infection you always have to be careful
of coincidence but I will give you this
Frame just to have as a check I've told
you in other situations that one of the
ways um You can predict if there will be
bad behavior is this whenever you have a
situation in in the world in which the
upside potential for doing something
illegal or devious is very high like you
could make a billion dollars or you
could change the government of the
United States very high stakes so
whenever you have high stakes to do if
something bad happens and you have this
other condition pretty much no chance of
getting caught if your odds of getting
caught are just really really small but
your potential gain is
gigantic how often does mischief or
illegal actions happen under that
condition payoff is gigantic the risk of
getting caught for doing something to
get that payoff
trivial how often oh and then I'll add a
third variable there are lots of people
involved so let's say in this case
you've got lots of foreign adversaries
who would like to see something bad
happen to the president but you also
have lots of Democrats individually and
as a group so you've got lots and lots
and lots of people who would have
interest in doing something that had a
gigantic
payoff minuscule r
risk how often in our world will
Mischief happened under those conditions
and the answer is every time yeah the
answer is every time now could this be
the exception could this be because the
the stakes are so high and if you got
caught doing this thing even though the
chances of getting caught are really
really small if you did get caught it's
pretty bad I mean it's about as bad as
it could possibly be if you get caught
doing something like that let's take an
example let's take insider
trading if you do insider trading do you
have a potential for a gigantic upside
yeah depending on the trade it could be
pretty big what are the odds of getting
caught at insider
trading not as high as they should be
right that's the reason it happens so
much because there are situations in
which people say you know
all I have to do is mention this to my
cousin and nobody's going to know it
came from me just my cousin will have a
good stock
trade and maybe I'll work something out
you know on the side with my cousin as a
as a payback for this Insider
information well then it happens almost
every
time so maybe this is the exception it
could be the one time that there was no
mischief and that it just happened to
coincidentally line up with exactly the
way it would look if it was done
intentionally but again let me back up
to the first point if you were going to
place a bet on this or any other
conspiracy theory being true you should
probably bet against it you know if you
if you had to put your money on it I'd
bet against
it um yeah Martha Stewart did have a
little issue with that all right
so I'm not saying that uh there was
Mischief I'm just saying that every
condition that would support that theory
exists that's all um I've talked a lot
about this being or about uh this would
have a third act in other words in a
movie the third Act is about you know
two-thirds through the movie where
there's just something that happens that
looks like the hero can't possibly
escape the hero is doomed there's just
no way you can get out of this trap and
then the hero does somehow Against All
Odds that's the third act in movie
scripts in 2016 as I mentioned the
Access
Hollywood uh tape was probably his third
act there are usually some fake third
acts before the real one even in a movie
it looks like there's a problem and it's
like ah okay that wasn't as big a
problem the hero solved it and then
there's another one it's like ah here
comes the third act okay that wasn't
such a big problem and he did solve that
oh here it is here's the real one and
the real one is so big you just can't
get out of it so what would be a bigger
problem than this President being
accused of killing 200,000 people with
his bad management of Corona virus
according to his critics and then he
gets it himself by not following his own
guidelines could that be more of a third
act it's hard to imagine because you
know his taxes came up nothing Russia
collusion came up nothing you know the
economy is
recovering there's a lot going right but
this Corona virus was sort of his big
vulnerability what are the odds that
just exactly the the worst thing for
that specific vulnerability actually
happened again it's ay big coincidence
isn't it but it did happen and that's
the third act so let's talk about how
the third act will go but
first uh I'm seeing some yammering
online about the fact that the pictures
that the president provided from Walter
Reed hospital uh people are saying that
they look staged and that the thing he
was signing was just a blank piece of
paper well let me explain to you
how the real world
works of course it was
staged if there's anybody who thinks
that those pictures of the president
working if there's anybody who doesn't
think they were staged pictures which
probably had nothing to do with where he
was working or what he was doing I'm
sure he's working but I don't think he
needed those documents and binders
sitting in front of him and I don't
think he needed to be signing anything
at that moment so yeah in the real world
the photog photographer comes in moves
things around and says I don't want to
have a blank desk there should be some
work on the desk so does anybody have a
binder that says president Trump on it
or something all right we put that up
there it says pus yeah make it look like
there's not too much work just the right
amount of work okay move the coffee cup
uh president uh that shirt is not
working could you maybe take off no you
don't want to be wearing a tie yeah try
try opening another button on the shirt
will change the light behind you um Can
somebody can somebody come in here and
get that little hair lick that's in the
back okay thank you you got that so
that's what a photo a photo opportunity
looks like there's no such thing as the
photographer sneaks in the room and
takes an unknowing still picture of the
president who couldn't have possibly
known that his picture was being taken
that's not a thing that's not a thing of
course they were staged and should be
that's not a that's not like like a
crime
um and then the wor one of the worst
takes I saw Mike cich called this out
was that
uh one of the bad journalists looked at
a picture of trump on the campaign Trail
compared to his video from Walter Reed
and said look at his complexion his
complexion that Walter Reed is all pale
whereas just a few days ago in the
campaign Trail his face was full of
color to to which Mike cernovich points
out that these are people pretending
they don't know how TV makeup
Works obviously if he's in a hospital
and he's highly contagious you're not
going to call in the makeup artist and
say hey makeup artist put on your hazmat
suit and come over here and put some put
some color on the president you don't do
that you you let him look natural
because he's in the hospital hit after
all the last thing you'd want is a
makeup picture you know a picture with
makeup in a hospital that's not the way
to play that so of course he looks like
he doesn't have a you know a good tan
because it's a comes out of a bottle and
they wouldn't do that there so that's
how crazy the the news coverage
is um on SNL I don't know why we have to
talk about Saturday Night Live all the
time like like it's the most interesting
thing that happens but uh Chris Rock had
a uh his joke was that he had a sympathy
for the
co so that wasn't so
nice um I had this thought yesterday we
see all the examples of the people who
are wishing the president you know uh
bad outcomes and we say to oursel my God
what terrible people what terrible
people you know why do we have to live
in a world with people like that where
they're wishing you know bad Health on
the president no matter what you think
of him it's just such a bad form but I
would like to put this into the uh the
mix I think most people are good
people I think that most people in in
the public eye especially the
politicians all the way from Biden on
most people
understood that this was a time not to
be that kind of person most people got
that that the rest of society might
judge them harshly if they wished for
ill health for another citizen even if
they disagree with that citizen so I
think most people got it and I feel as
though there
was
possibly a glimmer of humanity in the
anti-trumpers that where they could feel
this little notion
oh yeah we're all human beings and we're
all
vulnerable and yeah he did get that
while he was doing the job of the
presidency he was he was in public
service it is a vital essential service
the presidency is obviously and he got
sick doing the work of the
people now sure you know maybe he should
have done more things with masks and
social distancing but the but when
somebody gets hurt
hurt that's not really the time we pile
on right if you have a kid and your your
kid let's say you got a teenager
teenager comes home drunk well that
teenager is in a lot of trouble but not
right away right that when the kid is
sick and you know they're in bad shape
that's not when you pile on and
everybody gets that just automatically
right so I think the president's going
to get some natural um
reflex good feelings from people who are
not bad people those people who are bad
people will just continue being bad but
the people who are not will say you know
may maybe this is the time to just take
a little pause maybe just step back a
little
bit yeah as I'm seeing a comment on
YouTube that Reagan was actually
stronger after he got got shot and part
of the explanation for that is the the
way he handled it so even though he was
a victim he never acted like a victim he
always acted like he had good humor and
that that became the story about his
positive attitude even though he'd been
shot so I think Trump has a strong
possibility to get that kind of reaction
a positive pop but we also have the
example of uh Bor Johnson now fact check
me on this but I saw I saw some data
that said that when Boris Johnson got
his covid
uh uh diagnosis that his popularity just
went through the roof he immediately
became far more popular because of a I
don't an empathy sympathy just a natural
human instinct I guess um so do you
think president Trump will go the same
way as Boris Johnson well a lot of you
don't know that that's why Boris Johnson
was created in the laboratory when you
look at Boris Johnson do you say to
yourself hey why does he remind me of a
poor man's Donald Trump there's
something I don't know is it his hair is
it his politics there's something that
looks like like a poor man's Donald
Trump there with Boris Johnson well what
you don't know is that Boris Johnson was
actually created uh in a
laboratory uh in case they ever needed
to test anything for president Trump so
whenever they need to do an experiment
like I don't what do you think would
happen if president Trump got Corona
virus would he be more popular or less
popular and then they say well let's
let's not jump into this let's test it
first so they say do we where's our our
test guy they get Boris Johnson and they
slather some Co you know Corona virus on
them and they say all right let's let's
watch and then they watch the polls and
they're like are you seeing this are you
seeing this our our little uh our test
Trump his popularity is it's going
up I I think this is working and so once
they see that it works for Boris and
then he survives and everything they say
all right it's time to implement our
plan I'm just kidding in case you're new
to me just kidding
but it does suggest that uh there might
be greater chance that Trump will be
more popular not less and here are some
possible outcomes all right so right now
um we're in this sort of
multi-dimensional schrodingers cat box
situation we don't know yet if the cat
is alive or the cat is dead or the cat
is zombie or 10 other
paths um and here are some possible
directions one is uh I often tell you
that the way people think is in terms of
stories so when this news broke people
were I I think confused because it
didn't fit any story they already have
in their head there's no model of this
there's no there wasn't anything like it
exactly so there they're trying to say
okay what what what is this like so I
can do some predicting because if it's
like that other thing then maybe I know
what's going to happen so here are some
things it's like one is
Spider-Man you know the Spider-Man story
Peter Parker gets bitten by a
radioactive spider now I know what
you're thinking on
paper if you said hey would you like to
be bitten by a radioactive spider you
would ably say no thank you that sounds
like a very bad idea I don't like
spiders I don't like radioactivity so if
you put the radioactivity with the
spider and then you have it bite me
that's all bad I don't want any of that
radioactive spider business so on paper
it's a very bad idea but if you know the
Spider-Man story it gave Peter Parker
spider powers and he actually came out
with a a
superpower now look at Trump getting
Corona
virus is it possible that one of the
outcomes is a superpower now I mean a
superpower in in terms of the normal
world what would be a superpower for
Trump what would be something that would
let's say if he wanted to play it this
way and you know that he's he
understands the show he understands TV
he understands how mind's work he
understands the story he understands the
visuals he understands
persuasion so he could certainly
construct a new Trump that is the
improved version or the Peter Parker
gets bitten by the the radioactive
spider version the one who's got
something extra coming out of this
situation what would the extra be that
would flip it for him do you know what
it is
yet yeah I'm seeing it in the comments
empathy but empathy is the right answer
but I'm going to I'm going to modify
that a little bit and improve it a
little bit not just
empathy what about being
nice what what about understanding the
problem what about being the one person
in the world who more than anyone else
understands the tradeoff and the risk
between going back to work and helping
the children because the children need
us to go back to work and helping the
economy helping the world helping the
poor because the poor are getting at the
worse as they always do what how how do
you balance that risk between doing your
job the thing that the country requires
you to do your patriotic duty to be part
of the solution and not part of the
problem how do you balance that with the
actual risk to your health well I'll
tell you if there's one person you could
trust to understand the risk it's
somebody who just went through it all
right the president is spending these
few days thinking about his own
mortality in a way that maybe he's never
has before all right we can't read his
mind but it would be fair to assume that
his his appreciation of those tradeoffs
of maybe I'll die if I go back to work
literally maybe I'll die uh or maybe
I'll infect somebody I love he probably
did he probably infected Melania you
know best guess um so he's going to look
like a different person will he be
clever enough and Nimble enough to
Simply inhabit that new
personality if he does it's a movie
because in a movie one of the important
things and as a writer you you
understand this is that the hero's
journey or or that how the hero changes
so the hero in the beginning of a movie
has to have a certain personality traits
maybe the hero is afraid of something by
the end of the movie they will have
overcome that fear so Trump's biggest
complaint is his personality right you
know that he rubs people the wrong way
he's a little too too too Trump and what
happens if he comes out of this with a
softened personal it at least through
election day maybe it doesn't last
forever but what if it lasts through
election day he's going to look
different a lot of the reason that
people don't like him is his style what
if he modifies it now he can't modify it
all the way to not being Trump he can't
modify it all the way to not being a
fighter can't modify it all the way to
not being optimistic right there's a
limit to how much you can modify but
there's still a lot of room there to say
the right stuff you know what I mean he
could be the same person but maybe speak
differently now if you had to bet on
Trump turning into a modified version of
trump it's probably a Bad
Bet one one of the things that we like
best about Trump is you know exactly who
he is you know even even with you know
not passing the factchecking you know
exactly who he is so it doesn't even
hurt so you hear today uh Trump told
5,000 uh new inaccurate
statements how does that change you it
doesn't makes no difference at all
because you expected
that yeah somebody says Trump is almost
like somebody from Queens exactly so
that's one way it could go it could go
the Peter Parker way and he comes out
with a personality superpower he didn't
have before you know you on his
statement he used a uh he used a
statement which is just super strong and
he does this so well I mean I I doubt he
thought it through but it was still
perfect uh even spontaneously and he
said that he was uh seeing lots of
bipartisan you know love and support
that he was getting and then he said
this I don't know if you caught this but
he said I'll never forget
it that's really powerful he said I'll
never forget it
and it sounded sincere because I
actually believe this is
a gigantic moment in his life obviously
and I don't think he will forget it and
I think he will always appreciate the
country for doing this for him even
bipartisan now when you have a president
who is touched in that way touched by
the public so the
public has now
um done something that if if the world
is predictable in this way it should
change him because it's one thing to
have your your loved one say good things
about you you like it of course but it
doesn't change you but when your enemies
show you kindness when you're down that
can change you that that can turn you
into that can rewire you that can turn
you into a different person because it's
just an experience you don't normally
have and when you do it could be
profound so when the President says he's
not going to forget it here's how I
internalize that that he's going to work
harder for the country that um that he
owes the country something that's what
it felt like it felt like I owe you a
favor and it felt real so I think that
was
meaningful uh there's of course CNN's
trying to turn the story into something
about did he know he was infected and
blah blah blah I'm going to guess that
there's nothing to that but they have to
have news so they'll they'll be chasing
that down all right here's an idea for
paying off the national debt are you
ready you know what convalescent plasma
is right so you take somebody who's
infected you manipulate their blood and
you take out the good stuff and you get
the antibodies and use those antibodies
to help some somebody else and that's
called convalescent U
plasma suppose we take trumps recovered
you know once he's recovered suppose we
take the convalescent plasma from Trump
and then uh clone it because I think he
can do that right you you can clone his
antibodies so you clone his antibodies
and then you bottle it and you sell it
as Tiger Blood Trump Tiger Blood now let
me ask ask
this because because we're all
irrational humans and we like things
like Brands you know you you'd rather
buy a Nike something or an Adidas
something than some other brand we're
very brand
conscious and given that serious
question if you had a
choice of uh buying let's say from your
health care provider Trump literally
Trump
convalescent serum that's you know
cloned from his actual antibodies or a
generic one which one would you pay more
for if they were identical in abil you
know in usefulness there was no
difference in utility the generic kind
of lesson plasma or the plasma that you
know was derived from Don from Donald
Trump's own antibodies you know you'd
pay more for it you'd pay a lot more for
it I don't know what convalescent plasma
costs already but you know people would
pay twice as much for that you know you
would so it's a fun idea but not
entirely
impractical yeah you can maybe make some
of it give some of it out it' be pretty
popular all right uh when President
Trump did his video of course the two
movie uh analys
came out and so Gabriel Sherman said
this just watched Gabriel Sherman is
let's see who is he he's a Vanity Fair
special
correspondent author of the loudest
voice in the room Etc so he's no no
Trump supporter I'm guessing he said
just watch Trump Hospital video a second
time his breathing is clearly labored he
seems to be leaning on the table for
support and there's so much fear in his
eyes what did you see any of that did
you I saw him leaning on the table do
you know why because if you're sitting
at a table and you're and you're not
leaning on it with your uh you with your
arms like this you look kind of dorky
because you're just sitting sitting
behind a table you have to put your your
arms in the table look at look at
somebody uh on camera with their arms in
the table looks powerful you're leaning
forward you're not leaning on your arms
you're leaning in it's a power power
pose so but uh Gabriel Sherman saw that
as he had to be leaning for
support that again that's knowing
nothing about photography
any if uh if if Peter Duke is watching
this and sometimes he does professional
photographer Peter let me ask you this
question
true or false it's a better picture when
the when the president is leaning
forward on on a desk right now I don't
know that he does I'm trying to remember
if he does it for the addresses from the
Oval Office but I think he does if we
looked at an oval office address
wouldn't wouldn't he be on the table
because it just looks weak if you just
your hands are by your side at a table
or a
desk and then I certainly couldn't tell
that he was breathing having breathing
difficulty I didn't see any of that and
I didn't see any fear in his eyes did
you see any fear in his eyes now of
course he would have to be concerned
about his health who wouldn't be but
fear in his eyes I don't really see
any okay all right
um here's another wild card for you on
how people will process this Trump
situation I asked uh on a Twitter poll
just this morning I asked if based on
what you know about the White House's
own procedures for social distancing and
for Mas wearing is your personal family
situation uh better or worse than the
White House as far as what you've heard
reported and what did you what do you
think people said they said about about
80% of the people who answered said that
their family situation is similar to or
worse in terms of protecting themselves
than the White House
80% were were handling their own
personal situation very
similarly to how the White House was
handling it for themselves now does that
make it smart that the White House was
only doing as much as average families
no no medically and politically and
everything else they should have done
better but when you see the president
let me put it in analogy terms when the
president eats of fast food whether it's
McDonald's or Taco Bell and he does it
conspicuously and
publicly what do the experts say well
I'm not so sure you should be eating
junk food in front of the public you're
setting an example you know that's not
really the healthiest thing maybe you
should eat something healthier than they
would eat something healthier that's
what the experts will say right what do
the voters
say the voters say hey I eat at
McDonald's
too the voters say hey I I eat a Taco
Bell hey the president eats a Taco Bell
I eat a Taco Bell that's what the voters
say so when you see the president being
uh LAX with the social distancing or the
White House in general and lack with the
masks do you say to yourself man man I
don't do that that's not how I act and
he needs to be better than me some
people do some people will say exactly
that are those were those people going
to vote for the president
anyway nope no they weren't I'm guessing
that this is more of a bonding uh
experience than anybody is ever going to
recognize when you see your president
doing the same thing that you do
that doesn't make you like him less even
if you're sure he shouldn't have done
that I'm sure the President should not
eat junk food but how do I feel what he
does I feel like he's like me well he's
actually he's not like me because I
don't eat much junk food but I think
he's like Ordinary People and that
certainly helps
him excuse
me all right so those are my big points
for today uh the part which will be
taken out of context is the conspiracy
theory parts so look for that today and
uh have you noticed that the the the
breadth of news just sort of stopped I
have to think that there were probably
other surprises that were waiting to
happen but maybe the other surprises are
on hold because you know there was going
to be more surprise right between now
and election day so uh you can see how
the news is an artificial
construct because it's not an accident
that there's less news on holidays and
weekends you know I mean there's a
reason for that because people aren't
working but there it feel like there
they're not even natural disasters on
holidays have you ever noticed that it's
as if it's as if the news in general
knows to stop when we're not going to be
paying attention and now that everything
is about the president's Health at the
moment for about a week it won't matter
what Joe Biden does in fact the only
thing we're going to care about what Jo
Joe Biden does is what he does Visa
Trump I'm not sure I use Vis correctly
there but let's say I did and so so
Trump by no plan of his own but because
he's the more interesting person in all
in all cases because he's got a big
story happening it just sucks all the
attention away from Biden and while I
think it was smart of Biden to do that
that uh well I'm not going to do any uh
any uh any hit ads but then of course he
did them anyway uh that was probably a
good play but it also diminishes his
importance if if I ask you who's more
important the president of the United
States commander-in-chief Who currently
has Corona virus well that's a 10 and a
10 you know you can't care about many
things more than that except you know an
immediate emergency but in terms of how
important that is to the country to the
world to your own psychological
well-being president Trump in the
hospital that's a 10 now how does Joe
Biden compete with a
10 what's it what's his best
play there's almost nothing he can do he
could go around in his little weak ass
train tour or whatever he can talk to
some donors he can do some Zoom calls
but everything that Joe Biden can do is
on a scale of 1 to 10 is a one or maybe
a two in total importance emotional
impact
relevance size
wattage so so so Biden is just going to
be shooting ones and twos
with his little BB gun while the
president is in full nuclear you know
maximum newsworthy
mode while hardly trying
so that's Advantage Trump if I you know
I said in the beginning when when this
all broke the Corona virus stuff with
Trump when this
broke uh yeah when this broke uh I
thought you have to wait a little bit to
see how people are processing it you
can't immediately guess on moment one oh
well this will play out this way for him
or against him you have to see how it's
settling out a little bit and as I'm
watching it start to settle the thing
that I'm I'm seeing as a dominant theme
is one Trump will get all the attention
two he's he's more relatable probably
more empathetic and probably we care
about him more just because he's you
know sick
and and given the Boris Johnson effect
and given the Ragan you know
assassination attempt of fact if I had
to bet on this i' bet it's going to help
him now that could be just me being a
you know too close to it and I've got
some bias and that but I showed my
reasons so now you know why all right
that's all I got for now and I will talk
to you tomorrow
all right Periscope is off and for you
uh
YouTubers uh let me give you a little
love because you're still you're still
online here um thank you for the super
chats by the way I try to uh I try to
read them all thank you Michael that is
very generous um I try to read them all
but I won't be able to respond to them
all of course and I do appreciate all
your
comments uh um do you like the sound and
the quality of the the YouTube
experience it's pretty good isn't it I
hear that one of the big advantages of
the YouTube is that uh first of all you
can play it at faster speed which
apparently is good in my case and
secondly you can listen to the audio
while you're using your phone for other
stuff with YouTube so that's an
advantage too all right that's all for
now I'll see you guys tomorrow