well let's check the stocks and see how
the stock market's doing well
everybody's coming in oh pretty good all
right looks like uh mildly up in the
things that I care
about mildly rumbles up
wow well let's get my comments going and
then we'll have the show that you've
been waiting
for wow it's going to be
good you'll love it just you
wait all right locals let's see your
comments there you
go we're all set for
[Music]
Action good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and you've never had a
better time wait wait I'm getting some
breaking news there is a new study
um it turns out I'm not making this up
but there's a study in the American
Journal of EP epidemiology
epidemiology they found that caffeine
consumption was associated with higher
levels of testosterone and better
erections well
seppers I salute
you but if you'd like to join in all I
all you need is a coverer m glass tanker
Chelsea sign a canteen sugar flask a
vessel of any kind even a blood vessel
if you know what I mean fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
of the dopamine head of the day
salute is that what salute means
probably not probably not it's a new
meaning all right well you've probably
heard the rumors by now but people
they're just
rumors
that uh Barack Obama is about to have a
uh mic drop
moment a mic
drop that's right if you're sitting at
home I'll give you a moment yeah the
rumor is there's going to be a mic drop
a
moment that's all I have to say on that
anyway according to rasmason the Trump
job performance is amazing so the latest
is that as a third Thursday 56% of
likely us voters approved of Trump's job
performance for the first
week and uh guess what the overnight is
the
overnight is Trump at 59%
approval does that even seem possible
now rason um gets a lot of uh got gets a
lot of criticism from the Democrats and
part of the reason they get criticized
is they're one of the most accurate
pollsters and they generally have a
better view of you know better results
on Trump than let's say the average of
the other
pollsters uh but they're also closer so
they're they're consistently more right
about Trump related stuff so this is
incredible 59% approval and and I feel
like I feel like the criticism has just
turned into
nothing you know we'll talk about all
the stuff Trump's doing but I'm just not
seeing push
back anywhere I mean there's you know
blah blah blah but not really it's like
the whole country just said we don't
have to pretend
anymore let just let Dad do what Dad
does and we just don't need to pretend
that we disagree with everything all the
time
automatically unbelievably good but uh
so now you know how Trump's job
performance is doing I would say that
Trump and the Republicans are having in
my lifetime maybe the best week they've
ever had would that be fair to say would
it be fair to say that in my entire
lifetime there's never been a better
week for Republicans I think that's true
I I can't think of any time that they
got more done um controlled the
narrative changed everything that needed
to be changed you know did 2011 by now
it's X more I mean I've never seen
anything like this so we know we know
that Trump's doing well and the Trump
effect is in force but let's not forget
there's another major political party
and you know they could be doing good
things too but maybe getting
overshadowed because of the news
coverage so I wanted to check in just to
make sure Democrats are also getting
some stuff done and yes turns out
Democrats have they're making some
inroads uh specifically there's a
Mississippi Democrat I think it is a
first year on the job and he's
introducing some uh legislation in
Mississippi uh to make it illegal for
men to
masturbate uh because he thinks
masturbation should be limited to
reproduction so but he thinks it
according to the uh legislation it it
would be okay if you wore a condom when
you masturbate
I don't think I'm making that up that's
the way I read
it I I think this is real I'm not making
any of this up that's right president
Trump is Reviving The
Economy establishing America as the
great superpower putting 10,000 people
on the border to close it for good but
not to be
outdone a Democrat in Mississippi is
trying to make it illegal to
masturbate um it would be the first
penalty would be
$1,000 I just want to know how they get
the
information are you supposed to
self-report is it like the gift tax they
just expect you to tell
[Laughter]
them so it's $1,000 for the first
offense
the second one would be
$5,000 and if you if you whack off three
times the third one would be
$110,000 and all I'm thinking is if if I
live if I lived in
Mississippi I'd be sitting there
thinking all right it's $10,000
maybe just
[Laughter]
twice
anyway that's real uh this is also real
according to uh broni writing in Red
State uh that Gren John Pierre the
recent spokesperson for Biden uh she's
uh she's being profiled in Vanity Fair
now you say to yourself okay I mean
Vanity Fair does sort of high-profile
attractive looking people uh she's an
attractive person she's high-profile so
that makes sense and then I read on uh
she wrote the profile
herself okay that's
funny did she write a glowing profile of
herself for Vanity Fair it's actually
called Vanity Fair if it weren't called
vanity it wouldn't be so fun that she
wrote it herself you know what I mean
but it gets
funnier can anybody guess what she's
blaming for her lack of
success if you guessed
racism if you guess racism is what she's
blaming for a lack of a screaming
success you'd be right she says it's
racism yep
yep imagine being alive
and not being aware that for the past 40
years 40
years the best thing you could be is
anything but a white man in terms of
employment for 40 years it's been true
absolutely hard true for 40 years that
the worst thing you could possibly be as
a white man in any kind of American job
the best thing what's the best thing you
could be for the past 40 years black
female lesbian it's number one in the
entire stacking of the Ridiculousness
that the Democrats brought us for the
last 40 years it's number one on
the best thing you could possibly be for
your career there's nothing higher than
that but imagine being so stupid
you don't even know that you don't even
know that everything was stacked in your
direction that's amazing
40 years it's been true and it hasn't
been just a little bit true it's been
the most true obvious documented ask any
single person who's been alive and been
in a corporate world for 40 years it's
the truest true thing that there that
has ever been true and she doesn't know
it what kind of a weird imaginary world
is that like so
weird The Wall Street Journal has an
article
I now I can't believe this is really
being
discussed right just hold in your mind
all the conversations we've had on this
topic and then be amazed that it's a
headline story
today today it's still a story all right
the Wall Street Journal is reporting
that I guess there's some maybe some
changes that might be coming to the
dietary guidelines in the United States
from the government and there's a big uh
debate whether drinking a little bit of
alcohol is good for you it's
2025 by now we're completely aware that
unless the unless the study is actually
paid for by the alcohol business they
all say it's bad for you it's the most
well understood thing in science of
course every drink is bad for you but
because the alcohol industry still has
some you know sketchy studies out there
they're like well look at my study I
know you've got 10 studies but look at
my four studies and so they're still
arguing whether a little bit of alcohol
is actually good for your health yeah a
little bit of poison it's just what you
need a little bit of
poison
well here's what they could have done to
save some
time they could have asked
Scott and uh here's how that
conversation would have
gone uh the experts would say Scott is
alcohol bad for people even in low doses
we can't tell because the data is mixed
and then here's what I would
say maybe you should check who funds the
studies saying poison is good for
you then the experts would say you are a
genius thank you for saving us so much
money and
time I'm pretty sure that's how it would
go so next time guys ladies next time
you have a question about whether
alcohol is good for you big timesaver as
Scott over in uh the UK uh the UK being
stupid again when was the last story
about when was the last time you heard a
story about the UK that wasn't about
them being
stupid I don't even remember one it's
either they're lying or stupid or
weasels like every story about the UK is
that a coincidence or if they turn into
lying stupid
weasel I mean you know my instinct is is
just uh that's the news that is catching
my attention they must be doing
something right right is there anything
that the UK is doing right but here's a
story just a small one that the uh
BMW um the UK I guess what would you
call it the
UK BMW group um the BMW has decided
decided to announce it that is no longer
going to post on X number one why would
you announce it what would be the point
of announcing that well the only thing I
can think of is that they're they're
announcing it because they're protesting
something that Elon must
did can you think of any other
reason I can so BMW is uh protesting act
uh they're doing it at exactly the same
time that I was trying to figure out
what my next car will be which has taken
me a few years to figure out because I'm
right on the fence between going
electric which seems like obviously the
future and stay in gas as long as I can
because it's you know gas stations are
more plentiful so I was kind of on the
offence but I was thinking you know
another BMW that's what I've been
driving for years maybe you maybe one
more and then I see this uh we're not
the UK so it's not the UK BMW but I'm
not cool with that I'm not cool with you
being such but holes so you have to
announce you're doing it I wouldn't even
care if they simply didn't do it if they
simply didn't do it I'd be like I I
don't even know I don't care you know
not everybody has to do everything it
doesn't matter if somebody's not doing
something but announcing it announcing
it that's just being dicks I'm not going
to drive the automobile of dicks so I'm
probably going to get a Tesla because BM
W UK or just being
dicks like the the cool thing about BMW
is I like the brand the cars are very
good but I like the I like the brand
like I just how you know it felt right
sometimes your personality or something
matches a
brand but I don't want to be driving a
dick car so probably that'll push me
into the Tesla y just my guess we'll see
that's not a final decision AOC was on
John Stewart's
podcast and they had great agreement and
a good laugh over the question of
Democrats being
Hypocrites by being in favor of insider
trading now both Stuart and AOC say
directly it is insider trading which is
legal it's specifically legal if you're
in
Congress now I actually understand why
they have that rule I don't know has
anybody explained to
you why they have the the rule that they
can do insider
trading I don't you know I'm sure it's
just self-interest but the
rationalization would
be that you would be essentially
prohibiting them from just normal
investing because sooner or later
something they normally invest in is
going to look like they had Insider
information next thing you know they're
going to get arrested for just making
ordinary Investments like every other
American so I'm actually quite
sympathetic
to allowing them to do it um but I think
we should have more transparency I think
this is one where instead of banning it
let's just know exactly who's doing what
the the midpoint the only midpoint I can
imagine is if they and this might not be
practical uh if the Congress had to its
members um don't invest in these these
topics because they're part of upcoming
discussions so get there before the
discussion and say we're going to put a
moratorium just on let's say these six
companies just for a few months because
that's when we're going to have more
information than the public I don't know
if there was a practical way to make
that happen that'd be good or
alternately just tell the public which
things the Congress is talking about and
then show us what people are investing
in full transparency and then when that
person runs for election their opponent
says well you know here here's the
Watchdog list here's what they were
talking about here's what he invested
in that could matter I could see voters
saying yeah that actually does matter to
me
um but AOC and Stewart both agree that
uh what it does when Democrats are in
favor of keeping it which they are that
it makes them easy targets for
Republicans to say you Hypocrites look
what you're doing and interest
ly um it's just interesting they're
calling out their own side for this huge
error now I remember before Trump was
president if AOC and John Stewart were
on a podcast the one and only thing you
would expect from that is dunking on
Republicans and instead they dunked on
Democrats hard they dunked hard on
Democrats this is the Trump effect is it
not th this is Democrats trying to
figure out how to do something different
from everything they've done and AOC
whatever you want to say about AOC you
know I fully accept all the criticisms
as you know often valid but remember I
tell you that she is a unique character
and that she can break frame sometimes
they can't the rest of them can't do it
fedman can do it fedman can break frame
uh Eric
he can break frame AOC can break frame
now that's not always you know good it
doesn't mean they're great doesn't mean
you should vote for any of them because
of that but it's rare and when everybody
whenever anybody can break
frame I I always pay attention so I'm
going to pay attention to this one
meanwhile CBS even news fired uh fired
Nora O'Donnell who has not been
historically very favorable to president
Trump is this the Trump effect
yes yes it is Trump destroyed the
reputation and therefore the entire
business model of traditional news and
they are in
freefall and trying to figure out how to
make it work but I'm going to put the uh
I'm going to put my MBA hat on for a
minute and uh instead of looking this as
a political thing I'm going to look at
it which it might be it might be that
the network is trying to be a little
little less anti Trump because they need
to have access to the administration to
make stories and stuff so it could be
just normal politics overlapping
business but there's a bigger business
question I think that the days of hiring
a gazillion dollar host to just read the
news is not a business model that can
ever work again because they're
competing against podcasters who were
just killing it here's what I'm going to
I'm going to make a prediction about the
traditional news business I think
they're going to morph into a
syndication company and what I mean is
that instead of being the people who
essentially own the talent I think
they're going to become a platform for
distribution and promotion but that
they'll work with essentially podcasters
who are in charge of their own
content so it's not it's not for
podcasters like me because I'm almost
entirely opinion-based but there are
there are podcasters um
who have real news experience you know
I'll just pick one randomly but not not
to I'm not anticipating that this one
goes into that model but just for
example so somebody like Megan Kelly has
a huge audience and also has a lot of
experience in the traditional news
business if somebody like CBS said hey
we got a new model we're just going to
distribute people you know um and you
just have to do all the content content
that seems like that would be a good
model because that's how cartoons work
by the way um the way the cartooning
industry Works
mostly is that the cartoonists don't
work for the newspaper some of the
political ones do but the the ones that
are three strip you know four four panel
kinds of things they don't work for the
newspaper they're part of a syndication
group where there's a business that does
all the distribution and the promotion
and then the content people draw the
comics and then they just share the
money so I think TV news is going to
turn into a syndication model because
nothing else will work they're not going
to pay $10 million for a
celebrity why it would make more sense
to pay zero dollar and say We'll
distribute you if you can get a big
audience we both make money so it's just
positive from the first
day that's what I think Ross alri as you
know uh the creator of the Silk Road who
was in jail for two life sentences plus
40 years has been uh was he pardoned or
commuted I forget which which word it is
but he's a free man now and he did a
little
video uh directed that President
Trump now this was really
interesting because clearly if you had
your life saved by President Trump as he
did Trump just saved his life for all
practical purposes and you can't leave
that alone you're going to have to
acknowledge that that was a great thing
for you and he does but you don't you
also don't want to be killed in 2025 by
all the wokies who can't stand the fact
that you thanked Trump so he picked his
words so carefully that it reminds you
how smart he
is and and how smart he is is really
sort of the be story on
this I don't think you all completely
understand that he's not ordinary smart
Ross he's he's extra all right he's one
of the special ones and so when he picks
his words carefully I like I like to pay
attention to the exact words here's what
he said he said I'm a free man now so
let it be known that Donald Trump is a
man of his word thank you so much
president Trump for giving me this
amazing
blessing now look at his words I'm a
free man now
it be known that Trump is a man of his
word isn't that a great compliment it
really is if you're Trump this is like
the best compliment you could ever get
that you're a man of your word like
that's that is so just right but also
it's non-controversial at least in terms
of the specific thing because if Trump
said he would do it and then he did it
calling him out as a man of his word
at least on this particular item is
exactly right so he didn't go too far
and put himself at risk with the the
left part of the country but yet he
delivered a compliment which I say one
of the best ones I've ever heard and and
there's no there's no arguing that if he
said he'd do it and then he did it yeah
man of his word that's worth
something Isis uh gotta I don't want to
say rounded up if you've watched any of
the uh coverage Tom homman always
corrects everybody who says that they're
rounding up people he like no very
targeted enforcement of specific people
we're not rounding
up and that's a good
correction so they got
538 criminal uh aliens let to use the
new modern word and
uh in some cases they got some people
who were in the same room exactly like
you said they would every everybody's
been warned they know if you're in the
same room as the the person they're
looking
for you're in trouble so warning is all
you can do I mean you got to do your job
and I guess they're doing it and they're
doing it hard so they got they got
criminal gang members they got people
with all kinds of bad crimes sex
offenders uh that's 538 people who
aren't going to be offending again if if
they really go away and stay away Trump
signed uh some gu kind of executive
order or he said he would he would
approve power plants that are associated
with AI data centers so if you didn't
know AI requires so much processing you
have to build a whole Data Center and
and enormous ones bigger than we've had
historically in order just to get to the
next level of AI but they use so much
power that you would drain the grid I
think we need about twice as much energy
as we
anticipate as we anticipate having under
Baseline so we got to really ramp it up
and Trump's take on this is you know
you're going to do you can do anything
you can use natural gas you you know
that would be ideal except he's better
than coal but he's not going to limit
what they can do they can build they can
build a nuclear power plant
gas
geothermal what whatever it takes
now that feels to me like trying to win
other words you know keeping America
strong and powerful and having the right
energy profile is everything you need to
win I mean it's the thing that feeds the
military the economy everything so
having Trump say I'm taking the controls
at least the the useless controls I'm
taking the useless controls off of the
energy program in the United States and
then tying it to the AI stuff gives them
a whole bunch of fans in the AI World
which is basically everybody who's
paying
attention and makes us
competitive now what's it do to the
environment not ideal not
ideal but I I think it was chth from the
all in the Allin pod was saying that
even if you wanted to build your own
solar plant because you want to be green
if you want to build your own giant
solar facility to accompany your AI data
center you wouldn't be able to do it
because the approval would take so long
that it just wouldn't be a practical
project so Trump this is a weird thing
Trump by removing the ridiculous
obstacles could make solar
power finally reach its potential
because it's the it's the
environmentalists who tell you you have
to do solar and see environmentalists
who tell you you can't that's what jth
is kind of explaining
you should see jth on the Tucker Carlson
podcast I haven't finished it yet but
like I said it's it's the most eye
openening
jaw-dropping incredible set of you know
useful points that you should understand
uh it's it's really special you know so
you got to watch
that um so that's a big big deal if you
if you're looking for some
optimism this story about allowing any
kind of power plant you know not stupid
but you know just normal power plants to
be associated with AI and letting the
tech letting the tech Giants sort of
take control of how that um
functions honestly I can't think of
anything that would be better for
America right now I mean it's just about
I mean that's just so good so
good um and it doesn't even look like
the government you expect I I kind of
expect my government to be just stopping
me from doing stuff and when you see
somebody who's in the government Trump
making it easier to do stuff important
stuff like critically important
existential
stuff you can't get more optimistic than
this this this is special it really is
speaking of that Trump's going to visit
the LA fire Zone
today so a few sub stories to that
number one
um did did Biden ever I I think he was
already kind of done by the by the time
of the fire but uh Trump's going to be
there and uh Nome said he's going to be
greeting him at the
tarmac which suggests that Nome is not
invited to tour the actual fire
areas so it sounds like uh
Nome wanted to insert himself but the
only place he could be sure it would be
acceptable is greeting him at the
airport uh now there could be a second
reason for this you know that there's
still some fires burning you know
there's always some smoldering Embers
and stuff so it could be that nome's
hair gel presents too much of risk you
know you don't want to put that much of
a oh never mind it's not about his hair
hair gel but uh so nome's in an awkward
situation uh
people expect him to be the leader of
the opposition to Trump at the same time
he has to beg him for
money so I wonder if he can separate
those two things or if he feels like
he'll just you know try to do both at
the same time ah Mr Trump uh Mr
President thank you so much for coming
here we we really need a lot of help uh
$2.5 billion and by the way you're a
fascist
what what
yeah we said I said we we're going to
need a lot of help from the federal
government really appreciate that you
came here it means a lot to us we need
at least 10 billion and you're Hitler
wait what what like how's that
conversation go
exactly I don't know
awkward um the good news
is
um that uh I know he's going to be
talking to the right people and I won't
say more about that but I'll just say
that one of the things that Trump does
so well that I and I've never seen
anything like it is that he has feelers
among his base and on the ground like
I've never seen like if somebody has a
better idea about anything it actually
gets to
him like it doesn't matter who it is
anybody who has a good idea it's just a
good idea and you you you can bu it up
through people who have bigger accounts
and they say oh that is a good idea and
then sooner or later there's somebody on
his staff who sees it and he actually
hears about stuff like I've seen that
play out a number of times and I think
that's playing out again with his visit
to La so we'll see how it goes I'll be
vague for now but in terms of knowing
that he's going to connect with the
right people when he's there
done done and that probably bubbled up
from the right people and that's how you
want your country to work uh meanwhile
Trump signed an executive order on
crypto trying to make America the
capital of crypto you know David saaks
is in the administration so he's behind
that but he also is going to ban Central
Bank digital
currencies and he's going to evaluate
the creation of a national digit asset
stockpile so all that sounds Forward
Thinking and good um I'm only
comfortable with it because sax is you
know the main guy there this is a the
crypto stuff is things I don't have a
deep understanding of most people don't
so I wouldn't be comfortable with
something like this if I heard that it
came
from I don't know Don Jr because he
likes crypto I'm not making fun of Don
Jr I think he's great but the source
matters right if if Trump just read an
article and decided to do an EO on it
well that would be trouble if it came
from somebody who didn't really
understand the space that would be
trouble but it's coming from
Sachs like I feel comfortable like okay
if Sachs thinks this is a good idea and
of course everything is risk reward you
nobody can predict 100% what what
happens with anything but if it's the
right risk reward I'm completely
comfortable that sax has that under
control
and that's what that's what a podcast
does for you if you watch somebody on a
popular podcast over a long period of
time and you see them talking on all
kinds of different topics especially
this one you get a real feel for whether
somebody's playing a game just trying to
make some money just throw trying to
throw some grenades and uh sax is just
common sense times extraordinary
understanding of things times energy
times patriotism
right guy in the right place perfectly
nicely done Mr
Trump uh Trump is also talking about
saving Tik Tock with a sovereign wealth
fund now my understanding of a sovereign
wealth fund would be when a country uses
its own money to effectively make
investments why did America not have
this already it it's a pretty common
thing
it's a pretty common thing for other
countries Saudi has one you know I think
a lot of countries have one why wouldn't
we have one one of the things that Trump
apparently
um one of the things that Trump
apparently is bringing to the process
here is the understanding that America
if it
acted um if it acted in some ways just
some ways like a private
company it could unlock invest M
potential like nobody's ever seen I'm
borrowing a a trumpism like nobody's
ever seen before and what I mean by that
is because the US government can make
something
work that corporations maybe wouldn't
have the power to make it work in other
words the the US can declare something
legal it can also declare something
illegal it can protect
something that a private company
couldn't
protect so if you add the the milit AR
Power and the lawmaking power and the
regulation creating and removing power
to a financial model it can do better
than all other Financial models and the
example is Tik
Tock Tik Tock would be the perfect
introduction to a sovereign wealth fund
so if you can imagine let's say The
Sovereign wealth fund just owns you know
Trump says 50% and then you get a bunch
of American and I don't even know if
they have to to be American they could
be Canadian or any friendly country um
there're the other
investors but the important investor
would be America because America would
say now it's legal so it turns an asset
that's worth
nothing into a trillion dollar asset and
Trump says that directly it's worth
nothing if we say no to it and I'm
saying no to it it's worth a trillion
dollars if we change it so it's
appropriate in the United States and I
say to it so why don't I get half of
that now let me say it again it's worth
nothing now but I can make it worth a
trillion dollars just simply by making
it okay again to
operate and if I can create a trillion
dollars of value out of nothing why
don't why doesn't the United States get
some of that and the answer is
um uh I don't
know the answer is it's a good
idea what's the push
back we'd get Tik
Tock so the users would be
happy at at the moment the way it's
organized it's it's an unacceptable risk
Trump can make that risk go way down by
making an American product with an
American
algorithm it's all win it's what it
makes you think why weren't we doing
this before now Tik Tok happens to be
the perfect example because it's one
where the the government literally and
the president alone can decide whether
well not alone Congress should be
helpful but
uh but he can make it worth a trillion
dollars take
Greenland would you invest um in a
mineral mining operation in
Greenland if you knew it wasn't
protected and China or Russia could come
in and start strong arming you and
getting you in trouble
that's a risk but suppose suppose Trump
says to Greenland here's the deal I will
remove all risk of
invasion what's that worth to you uh
unlimited
everything well what would it cost if I
were to just buy Greenland oh you
couldn't afford it Mr President that'd
be that'd be almost a trillion dollars
okay so a trillion dollars if I buy it
but what if I don't buy it and also
don't protect it what's that worth to
you and the next thing you know Trump
makes a a mining operation in Greenland
which wouldn't be economical because
it's such a big investment and you don't
know if it's going to get if you could
to get elbowed out by a foreign
country and Trump will just make that
risk away oh no they're not going to
touch you if you put a mining operation
in Greenland and the US the US puts it
there and let's say they share some of
the revenue with the locals more than
they've ever had quadruple the the
lifestyle of the locals and also protect
them from any kind of foreign Invasion
and and if maybe if Denmark wants to
have some Commonwealth kind of
connection let him have it for
historical reasons but not any real
control I think this deal can get done I
really think he can get this done we'll
see
but it's it's brilliant thinking and no
matter what you think uh Trump also
signed a executive order to start the
process which could take a long time to
uh unleash the Declassified documents on
Kennedy and Kennedy two kennedies and
Martin Luther King and Trump says
everything will be
revealed now I'm a
little I'm a little confused about
something about this story
you're the president of the United
States and you have been the president
of the United States at least four other
years the president is allowed in theory
to see 100% of all secrets I'm not wrong
about that am I the president is allowed
to see 100% of all secrets no exceptions
I think that's what the system is and
yet the president doesn't act like he
knows what's in those
files now it it' be one thing not to
know the
details but cash Batel says he's seen
them so cash has looked at him and he's
not giving us a hint what's in there but
says yes they should be
released do you think that Trump has not
once talked to cash Patel and said all
right I don't have time to look through
all these documents but are there any
big surprises in
there wouldn't cash Patel be able to
tell him because Trump as the ultimate
security clearance yes I look through
and uh when the public finds out that
XYZ is true uh it's going to be a big
story I don't think Trump has heard that
he because Trump's nature is that he's a
tease if he knew what was in there I
think he would have teased us and said
way do you find out what's in there
that's that would be like a perfect
trumpism but he didn't do that he
actually legitimately acts like he
doesn't know what's in the files
now I think there's nothing in
there I think that if if you're
expecting that the government files say
the government killed the president well
that's a little bit
unrealistic because it would be exactly
the same people who controlled the files
as allegedly would have killed the
president they didn't put it in a memo I
don't think there's any memos you know
it was before email it's not like
they're going to find the email or the
the history of you know online searches
or
anything I don't think it's going to be
anything I don't think I think all three
of them are going to be a yawn it's
going to be stuff we already knew and
maybe some details that make you run
down a rabbit hole but you'll end up at
the same place you started so I don't
expect anything and it's going to be a
longer process than people want you know
we're going to forget about it and then
somay there'll be a story that says well
I guess we can't show you everything and
we can't tell you
why
so Mike Pompeo blocked it when Trump was
uh first in office and I understand that
Trump just removed the security
clearance for Mike Pompeo
ouch um not related I think but never
know all right so Trump gave a um video
speech to the world economic forum
uh if you're tapped into this stuff you
know the world economic forum is let's
see they're they're big on climate
change that's one of their biggest
biggest things and they were big on
ESG which is sort of the corporate form
of
uh diversity and
Equity so that's what the E and ESG is
for is equity right so they love
Dei and they love climate change
so that that's what the wef is they're
more than that but you know those are
the big themes Trump goes on video shits
all over Dei brags about getting rid of
it says there are two genders and uh he
calls the green New Deal the green news
scam so he's canceling all that green
news scam stuff and getting out of the
Paris
Accords now if that's the only thing
that happened during his speech you
would
say who does
that who goes to this you know famous
full of billionaire CEOs and heads of
state and just tells them that their
core their core mission is harmful
 and he said it he didn't use
those words but he said it as clearly as
a person can say it I mean he didn't
leave any doubt and they sat there and
they just took
it and then he said
because he knew the top Bankers were
there and one of them was on stage they
had a Bank of America Trump actually got
in his
grill in in a live
video exchange while the entire world
was watching and told B OFA you better
stop debank
conservatives and then he brought up
Jamie Diamond the other biggest Banker
in the country and Jamie
to you better stop debank
conservatives what do you think the
bankers said in their statements and
such
afterwards we've never debanked any what
are you talking about debank people
we've never debanked any conservatives
well what kind of conservatives do you
think we debanked well let me give you
an example courtesy of Mark
andreon Trump's
wife his wife wife they
debanked they debanked his wife
you
 and she wasn't the only one you
know there there are plenty of other
examples General Flynn weighed in are
you kidding they de banked me they
debanked all these people then Eric
Prince weighs in are you kidding they
debanked me they debanked my family they
debanked everybody related to me and
then they debanked his exf wife
simply because she'd received some money
yeah as your normal divorce
money and then the banker said we've
never done
that and as Mark andreon points out
accurately huh it's funny that there's
so much Deb banking that's confirmed and
yet no Bank was
involved that was just a great
moment one thing I can tell you is that
unless the banks have started looking
into all of their de banking
past there's going to be hell to pay uh
I don't think they're going to get away
with we didn't do that oh the the fake
news will protect us uh uh I'm pretty
sure MSNBC will say it never happened so
we'll just say it never happened not
anymore it's a new game now you
better do it because we're watching
we're pissed and you did it I
don't know which bank
specifically anyway it's a new day so
that was
awesome um here's a gigantic event in
the world open AI has introduced a an
agent uh they call Operator that on your
commands will operate your your web
browser and anything that's signed in
basically and if it needs to do
something for an account that you
haven't signed in for it'll it'll notify
you hey I signed in for this I got to do
the next
step and it's been tested and you can
just turn it loose and tell it what to
do it'll go on your web browser it'll
it'll make appointments for you it'll
organize things it'll get things and put
them in whatever order you want
basically anything you would do it'll do
on your web
browser now now this is gigantic for
somebody like me uh if you watch the
pre-show you you've probably seen me go
through this long manual process of
publishing my cartoon every day here's
what I'll do in the very near
future hey AI published today's
Cartoon I will first tell it where to
get the comic you know which file I'll
tell it where to put it and how I
organize it but I'm only going to have
to explain it once and then it will just
publish it so I'm going to replace
essentially the entire function of the
syndication company that cancelled
me with one
agent if I wanted to be back in
newspapers I don't I don't but if I
wanted to that agent could contact the
newspapers send them samples and
negotiate a price for those few that
would want to put dber back in the paper
I'm not going to do that but it could
could do that it could actually do that
it could finalize the deal it could it
could set up the direct deposit to my
checking account now is that scary now
let's uh bang this amazing amazing
potential into the other thing that you
know about which
is there's no way the big AI companies
don't have a back door for the CIA
there's no way National Security would
be okay with AI uncontrolled
of course it's controlled uh we've heard
this also from Mark andreon that uh the
Venture capitalists were told directly
don't fund any little AI companies we're
only going to allow we the government
are only going to allow a few and we're
going to have a back door for National
Security so if you knew that the CIA had
a back door to your agent that knew all
your passwords and could execute things
on your behalf including access to your
bank account I
assume you okay with
that on one hand is so beyond so beyond
any risk that I would consider
acceptable and then I put it in context
the CIA can already do anything it wants
to me it could take all my money it can
spy on everything I can do you could
pretend I did something I didn't do if
the CIA wants to take anybody down they
didn't really need AI to do it it it
just your mind can't separate the fact
that you made it so
easy so making it easy might make it
worse but it was already pretty easy
like if somebody in power wanted to look
into you all they had to do is tell
somebody to look into you and then the
underling would do all the work so the
person who made the decision doesn't
really even have to do any work now so
whether they use an agent like a digital
agent or whether they use real agents
the people in charge were getting
instantly everything they wanted all the
time anyway you didn't really have any
privacy but speaking of this that open
AI agent Mike cernovich took a little
deeper dive and found out that it has
access to new sources so if you were to
ask it you know to check the news or
something like that it could do it uh
what news sources let's see there's the
Atlantic which is known to be a Democrat
propaganda entity really that's all it
is it it's not something that could ever
make money and they're not trying to be
anything else they are literally just a
propaganda so that's one of them but
they they have four so they have four
new sources so if the only one was the
Atlantic you'd say oh this is looking
wrong because this is just a de
Republican hating fake news source but
it's not just The Atlantics don't worry
it's also so three others including
axios
axios wouldn't that be the same news
entity that's anti-trump and funded by
open AI yes it is it's partially funded
by open AI they have a working agreement
with
axios who is not too Pro Trump but don't
worry those are only two of the four the
other ones I'm sure would
be oh the other ones are the AP
known to be one of the
most productive creators of fake news
about Trump uh but but you have uh oh
Reuters okay so these would be four of
the 10 worst things that you could pick
as your news
sources so Mike cernovich calls this
sound and uh on a and Sam mman responded
almost immediately and Alman said quote
uh that's a Miss we will fix fast so Sam
is saying that it's a
mistake that it was limited to those
four and that they'll fix that
fast uh how many of you
believe that that was a
mistake
because doesn't look like a mistake and
as Mike covich points out in response to
Sam's response to him he said are there
any examples of a quote Miss uh where
the error was on the side of trump and
conservatives because as I learned from
Google Zuck and all regime media
Corrections over the decade uh these
errors quote always cut one way a fair
system would have misses on either
side and then CNO points out that the
the tech businesses still don't hire
Trump supporters
wow
yeah and then so that that's that's
exactly the right question now um I
think Sam is probably accurate in saying
that wasn't what he
intended but I don't think that his
employees were equally open-minded in
what this should be so yeah there's a
big problem that his his organization is
staffed with uh lefties who who you know
what kind of problems that is so I mean
that's G gigantic problems
um anyway uh Chris sacka a famous Tech
investor guy um he was talking about
using AI to
code and I had tried the same thing he
did so he also only had you know minimal
programming experience from his past so
and recently he asked AI to write him
some code for an app so he said hey AI
I've got an app make me some code and
then and the the entire code for the app
just appears but then he says and I had
the same experience uh it's been a long
time since I wrote any code what do I do
with it like do I copy and paste it
somewhere I had the same question
because I was so long out of out of that
game and the AI would tell them how to
do it so the AI would say uh yes you
want to download python uh put it on
your computer um if you have a Mac you
do it this way if it's Windows you do it
that way and then the The Prompt will be
here and then you do this with the
prompt and you put it into Python and
then here's how you execute it and he
said you know my God it was already
already so good that you know you could
reduce your number of
programmers but with the new operator
agent the one I just talked about all
that part which is what literally
stopped me from making an app because I
tried to make one too I just couldn't
figure out that last part because I I
was you know too distracted and busy but
now I could just say to it hey uh AI
write me an app that does this or that
boom it's done literally that's all it
takes the app just appears uh all the
code does and then that part where I
didn't know what to do with the code I
just say can you turn that into an app
b boom it finds python it puts it where
it needs to it executes it and there's
your
app
unbelievable
unbelievable all right um here's what
axios is reporting speaking of axios um
their headline uh said Trump left
Washington four years ago touting a
revolutionary new consensus on the
threat posed by China he returned this
week seeming to downplay that threat
signaling a potential thaw on relations
between the two countries now do you see
the propaganda and brainwashing that's
embedded in that let me call it out when
do you ever see the word
tout somebody is touting something is
that ever in a positive reference do
people tout things and then the story is
to be about how great that is wow it's
great that they're touting no touting is
a subtle insult that you're saying
something that's maybe not true right
it's built into it a little skepticism
he's touting right the opinion is in the
news that you just choose your words and
the opinion comes embedded with the news
so he's
touting that there was a consensus about
the threat of China but now they're
going to turn it into hypocrisy because
that's what the news does to make it a
story it has to be an inconsistency or
an hypocrisy and the hypocrisy they
think is that Trump was such a tough
talker about China but he says good
things about she and now he's talking
about how we can work things
out you know what's missing
right what's missing is this is exactly
how Trump negotiates with foreign
leaders every time and he even he
explains it you don't have to guess he
tells you um yes I'm going to be very
tough with Russia or China or whoever
he's talking about um but I get along
with the leader and that's good for
everybody because then you can have that
talk and you can be as tough as you want
because they're not going to take it
personally because I like them
personally that is everything you want
from your president that in terms of
negotiating that is everything I want I
want to be friendly enough with the
leaders they he gets every access
conversation nothing is no just because
of Who's involved and they get their you
know they get their uh let's say
reputations benefited by that because it
is a big benefit and then they are in a
position where they've gotten something
for free because it didn't cost any
money for Trump to say yeah you know
she's great that costs nothing and then
what we get in return is a a good
healthy negotiation in which both sides
fully acknowledge and they're
transparent about what they want and
what they need to have and how things
can work so axios just tortures itself
to turn this into some kind of touting
and hypocrisy when it's the cleanest
example you'll ever see of a topend
negotiator doing topend negotiating
exactly the way you'd want it to
happen so axios is one of the four
sources for open
AI until Sam mman fixes it which he said
he's going to do
quickly um there's a bounty hunter bill
in Mississippi that would pay $1,000 to
bounty hunters for each successful
deportation of an illegal that they help
to facilitate so the Bounty Hunter
doesn't have to deport them uh just has
to facilitate it now probably not the
best
idea I'm not get into the pros and cons
but it made me think that if I were a
bounty hunter and this got passed I
would open a restaurant in Mississippi
and I just say I'm
hiring two-thirds of the people who walk
into the restaurant to be you know
dishwashers and line cooks are going to
have
questionable you know questionable
credentials you could just sit there in
an office and have one after another
come in and say m looks a little
suspicious to me you didn't pass the
even
verify uh then just turn it in make a
$1,000 for every person you interview at
least two-thirds of
them I'm not recommending that I'm just
saying I always think in terms of
business models when I read the
news um Trump plans according to zeroed
Trump plans to bring as many as 10,000
troops to the Border I think he's got
1,500 now but I like that when I heard
it was 1500 my first reaction was hm so
in other words you know barely anything
better than nothing A lot better than
nothing you know changes the tone of
everything sets a standard you know it's
all good but 1,500 didn't seem like
enough 10,000 is
serious
10,000 removes all questions if you're
wondering if he's deadly serious about
the Border yeah 10,000 troops would get
you there you don't have to wonder
anymore so we don't know if that'll
happen but
that's the plan
allegedly all right I would like to uh
indulge you in uh by reading something
that I posted on X because it got a good
response and it's what you need to
know um I was challenged several months
ago to do the best reframe I could on
the January 6 prisoners and I've been
thinking and thinking about this and
everything that I kind of came up with I
tried to number number of things to
reframe it properly um and didn't really
catch but I think I may have gotten it
this time and I was look I was reacting
to a post by Jason calacanis who may be
listening right now Jason I hope you're
listening um from the all-in Pod you
know him from the all-in Pod and he's a
big investor in the tech world but he
was giving a trump a uh a report card
for operating so far and uh on several
on several items he gave them a high
grade it was just Checker act so it
wasn't you know anything but yes or no
but he gave him a yes on several things
that you and I would agree on very good
you know I I like that the common sense
stuff is not being argued just common
sense but the January 6 stuff is really
deeply into in the political model
that's not exactly a common sense thing
and if you treat it like it's common
sense I think that's where you go
wrong so I'm going to give you the
reframe that I think works best worded
the way I think it works best in case
you want to use
it so from a framing and communication
and persuasion perspective I think this
is the best take that I've seen
certainly the best one I've done but I
think it's the best one I've seen to
explain why releasing the what Jason
referred to as the J Sixers who beat
cops so that was one of his low grades
for Trump uh Rel releasing or pardoning
or commuting whatever it is the uh
sentences of J Sixers who beat
cops so that was the thing that
triggered me to do a response so I'm
just going to read it and I want you to
absorb
it so I started out by saying quote J
Sixers who beat cops is a misleading
frame to put it politely I said there
are people who already serve more time
than these they are people who already
served more time than most people with
similar offenses anything extra is
political imprisonment that's the right
frame but I'm just beginning so this so
the start is that if they've served as
much time as
comparable violators of the law even
violent ones even violent ones if they
served as much time in general but their
sentence would have gone much longer
that much longer part is the political
imprisonment part and it's the only part
that Trump forgave he forgave the
political part of the the sentence not
the part they've already served because
they did indeed hurt people uh who in
law enforcement now I'd like to also
give you some extra
context I agree with most of the country
that if you do some violence to a police
officer uh or a first responder of any
kind that should be a longer sentence is
everybody on board with that if if the
only thing you knew there were no
extremist you no other
circumstances if you heard a police
officer or a fireman or anybody in the
first responder world that hurts
Society that's not just the person who
got hurt so once you throw in my God you
know are you making it impossible to
have police if you're going to be
hurting police and we're not going to
punish you properly no that's a hard
hard line if you heard somebody in that
field of work you're hurting me because
I'm paying that person and I don't want
to pay them to be on disability I mean
it's not about money it's about what's
right it's about what works it's about
common sense so yes a longer sentence
all things being equal for that kind of
thing makes sense but the next part is
are all things equal is this just an
ordinary we've got evidence you heard
somebody it's a police officer or you
know somebody acting in that
capacity no here's the extra context
that I think makes it make sense for
Trump um I said that blame for the
violence is not limited to the
offenders and here I'm going to give the
offenders onethird of the
blame um I said it is one-third because
our election systems by Design and
that's important by Design signaled to
half the country that an election was St
stolen I agree they might be wrong so
I'm not aware of proof that the election
was stolen I'm not aware of
proof um but the election design flaw
the lack of
transparency combined with an odd come
from behind everywhere that
mattered that we watched in real time
and the violation of past bellweather
patterns meaning that in the past if you
lost in these particular areas you
definitely lost the whole country but if
you won in these very what it's called a
bellweather kind of area it would be
almost impossible to win all the Bell
weathers or say nine and a 10 and then
lose the election Trump did he won most
of the Bell weathers and somehow lost an
election but not until the last minute
count now again I have no proof no proof
that the election was stolen but I don't
think anybody reasonable would argue
that it was signaling it was
stolen I I think all of you will agree
would you agree that it signaled it was
stolen even if it wasn't now whoever
built a designed a system that you could
very much predict in advance would
eventually signal that it had been
stolen and we wouldn't be able to know
for sure because it's designed with not
enough transparency that you can't even
nobody can really know who
won if you design something that
guarantees you're going to have this
exact problem where where people are
going to get worked up to the point of
violence if your system design
guarantees it predictably you take a
little bit of the responsibility not all
of it not all of it because you some of
the blame a lot of it is on the person
who actually swung the bat you know used
the bear spray and all these terrible
things but they're not alone in the
responsibility if you built a system
that guarantees it
happens
so um so you got that and I said if the
protesters were right about the election
being stolen and here's my opinion and I
bet that they were given that every
other American institution has been
confirmed to be
crooked that means the protesters acted
in watch the careful
wording in the American tradition
here's what I started to say and backed
off I started to say you know that's how
the American Revolution started somebody
saw something that looked unfair and
they acted it's how Americans do
everything we look for trouble if we
think we see it we act if the trouble is
really really big there's no limit to
how we
act right that's an American tradition
you could talk about violence and
nobody's going to say I like
violence I don't like
violence but if you put Americans in a
specific situation where they think
they're
recognizing great evil and great risk it
is an American
tradition that they act and the
protesters were in that position where
they they thought they saw something
obviously that looked like a rigged
election and they acted in American
tradition that doesn't make it legal
remember the Revolutionary War wasn't
legal it wasn't
legal and people got hurt and now we
celebrate it why do we celebrate it
because when things were
bad Americans rose up and they acted and
they didn't put a restriction on what
those actions would be because the risk
was big enough that they decided that
that that risk was worth it
so if Americans act like Americans in
the American
tradition maybe they have to serve some
jail time depending on what they've done
under that context
maybe but the context really really
really matters and the pieces of in
the media have been telling us forever
that we could know and that Trump knew
and everybody knew Trump knew that the
election was fair let's get to that
um the other one-third blame for the
violence is with Pelosi and Millie and
whoever else turned down the right
amount of
security in other words it was an
inviting trap intentional or otherwise
if protesters saw no hope of getting
into the capital would they have acted
violently to try to make it happen if
the protesters had pulled up and you
know a bunch of military people with
military weapons lots of them like lots
of them which is what Trump ordered he
ordered lots of them he just didn't get
it do you think that the protesters
would said huh looks like I got to fight
my way through five layers of armed and
trained Killers uh who are heavily armed
and uh maybe not maybe not so if you're
in charge of security and you don't put
enough Security in and you knew you
didn't and you were asked to do it and
you didn't do it anyway you're onethird
of you're one-third responsible for
violence because security is supposed to
prevent violence so that the bad guys
come up and say oh it wouldn't make any
sense to do any violence in this
situation that'd be crazy and we're not
going to get into the building but if
you think that punching a
cop might you know somehow increase the
success of your protest I don't
recommend it by the way don't punch any
cops but if you think it might
work as bad as that is if it worked
you're going to try it if you think it's
not going to work you don't try it
that's why security matters so I'm going
to say one-third it's on the protesters
who Hur cops don't like that very bad
onethird on the security and one-third
on the design of the election system
which is designed so you can't know who
won nobody can know on any federal
election it's not knowable you can only
know what they told you that's it that's
all we know and you can know if you
found proof but you don't know if
there's any proof he didn't find and
that's where the that's where the idiots
try to convince you you can tell if
somebody's been hypnotized let's say
brainwashed versus they've thought it
through if somebody says Scott you have
to say the election is fair well no I
don't no everybody knows it was fair
that's not somebody who's thinking about
anything because if they were thinking
about it they would know that all of our
institutions are corrupt right science
has been lying to us on a lot of things
health care we went through the pandemic
need I say more uh Finance of course has
been rigged at the top forever
government completely corrupt in so many
ways FBI Department of Justice law
fairing we don't have any institutions
that aren't corrupt and we completely
know it are you telling me that in the
context of everything being corrupt
we've got this
non-transparent potentially easily rigal
system and it's the only thing that
wasn't rigged oh how lucky the the only
thing that matters the most is the only
thing that was
pure maybe but that would be the biggest
surprise in the world if you've lived in
the real world do you think that the
most important system and the one that
you could rig if you wanted to and you
let's say you were the CIA you think
that's the one thing that's not rigged
the one
thing that's not a real opinion if you
think that that's that's like just
something to laugh at oh oh you think
that's the one thing that even if we
can't
tell they didn't rig
it the United States is a an election
rigging monster we've done it what 80
coups in other countries which by the
way might be good for America I'm not
sure that the coups are a bad idea but
the the point is we have all these very
specific methods for rigging elections
in other countries obviously you think
none of that got turned inward what
because it would be wrong to do it we
just watched the the same group of
people massively organized this you know
censorship campaign by using us every
trick that they
use against other countries they're
trying to overthrow so we don't have to
wonder if the very same cats are doing
things that they would do usually
ideally only to other countries that
were trying to somehow
control you think they wouldn't use it
internally when we just watch them use
the other tools
internally of course they would I I
don't have any proof it happened but if
you think that that's somehow
unlikely you couldn't be Dumber I mean
you couldn't be dumber than thinking
it's unlikely did it happen I don't know
I don't have any
proof anyway
um so then I said this is where the
NPC's claim everyone including Trump
quote knew it was a fair election
because and by the way this is a writing
trick if you know when you're writing
something there's going to be a specific
disagreement you you want to slay the
specific disagreement before it even
comes out of their mouth so that's what
I'm doing here so I'm calling them NPCs
and saying if you think you knew it uh
uh it was if you think you knew it was a
fair election uh no that is
stupid so I saved my fword for the point
I want them to remember uh there is no
way for any citizen to know who won any
federal election
unless
unless the winner is outside the inner
circle like Trump and he's still wins
all the swing States I'm not too worried
that Trump's current election was stolen
by Trump because the person who has the
least access to you know the gears of
government at at that time uh won
overwhelmingly so that's not something
that the bad guys would have done and I
don't think it's something that the
Republicans could have pulled off uh on
their own so that looks real but not
because I can tell the elections are
well done only because if this person
won it means that they didn't have the
means to stop them because you know they
wanted
to all right so a few more
things um there's a excia agent uh
what's his name dily mailo is reporting
about this you've seen him in reals
probably he's in the he's on social
media a lot this week John uh kako so he
worked for the CIA for 14 years as an
officer and he said that the Agency
quote actively seeks to hire people who
have sociopathic tendencies but avoids
them if they have a full-blown Disorder
so apparently the the ideal CIA uh agent
or officer is somebody who's a little
bit
sociopath uh and that they're the ones
who rise to the highest levels now that
makes complete sense you know when you
hear about Pompeo
uh trying to organize a hit on
Assange how many of you could organize
somebody's
murder like even if you know I could
organize Bin Laden's murder okay that's
easy I could organize the murder of I
don't know uh a
cartel Hitman I mean I can do that
easily I mean it wouldn't bother me my
conscience but it seems like the CIA
would be in the business of
sometimes getting rid of somebody who
was a law-abiding person but they're
just in the way they're stopping some
larger National ambition now I don't
think it's legal to kill somebody like
that but I also think you know there's
some flexibility if you know what I mean
so I do think you probably have to be a
bit of a sociopath and that that would
allow you to rise to the top but it
might be the only thing that allows you
to do the job
imagine if you were the head of the CIA
and you were super woke and somebody
comes H you know I think we're going to
have to kill this leader of this African
country and you'd be like whoa whoa whoa
you're going to kill a black guy well no
it's not about being a black guy he's
he's the leader of this African country
has really big problems you know we we
think we want to take him out you're
going to kill a black guy no I'm not
going to allow that have you killed an
equal number of white
guys well we're not really keeping track
that way we're we're just trying to
remove people who are threat to our
national interest okay but you can't
kill the black guy first right so you
need a sociopath who just says what's
the reason we need to kill him all right
approved uh someone according to
futurism publication um someone invented
a fake
therapist uh and got a quoted in tons of
Articles including Newsweek so I guess
there's some chat place where therapists
and people talk and one of them was just
a fake one by somebody in the some kind
of sex product business they invented a
fake one and the fake one did so well
that it was widely quoted in National
media now I don't think the person who
invented the fake one necessarily had
any therapist skills it was just
somebody else pretending to be a
therapist but but just think about the
fact that you can simply pretend to be a
professional and the News will say well
sounds good to us sounds good meanwhile
according to new Atlas publication uh a
affordable housing project was 3D
printed in just 12
days
so uh if you like walls that are hard to
change after they're done this 3D
printing might be just the thing um they
have to finish it with humans using for
the electrical and the plumbing and
stuff and that's that takes the longest
time but it was just a three unit
terrorist multistory thing in eastern
Ireland now I don't think this
technology is quite there but you could
see it's going to be um I would rather
the 3D printer made uh legol like
blocks that I could just snap together
which Exist by the way there there are
concrete blocks that snap together like
Legos now and so that if I needed to
change an interior wall or even an
exterior wall um I would know exactly
how to do it because it's made of parts
and I can just move them as long as I've
got a you know the wall that keeps the
ceiling up what do you call that the uh
the load bearing wall as long long as
you don't affect the load bearing part
of it you should be able to play around
with your interior space so I think
that's where a 3D printer is getting it
WR because as a homeowner I've made lots
of changes to my home after I moved in
and it would bug the heck out of me if
if there was no if there were no
practical way to move a
wall but maybe other people would be
happy with
it there's a new drug in testing
according to the American Chemical
Society now you should know that if a
drug works in the
lab uh there's very small chance it's
going to work with a human if they do
some testing on a mouse and it works
good on a mouse there's still very
little chance it's going to work on a
human however there are cases where the
mouse Can U can have a transplant where
an American organ is basically attached
to the
mouse and then they can see if the human
organ uh dies or what what happens with
with the treatment so if you can get all
the way to making
uh a human
tumor die in a
mouse then you get very
excited now usually when I see stuff
like this you hear uh the new drug makes
your chemo 30% more effective to which I
say h but you're still on
chemo which is got a lot of side effects
it's only 30% I'm not even sure that's
even real I mean that could just be data
noise I don't know so usually there just
hundreds of these we've cured cancer
things but they don't work out in people
this one looks a little
different um so they actually it
actually shrunk tumors in the mouse
models and these were human breast
cancer tumors that they put in the mouse
and uh the expert said it is very rare
for a compound to shrink tumors in the
mouse models of breast cancer let alone
completely eradicate those tumors with a
single
dose completely
eradicated the human tumors in the
mouse with one dose no side
effects now you have my
attention and now you've got my
attention now the odds of it working in
humans
again I wouldn't get too excited because
it's a there's a low there's a very low
transfer rate from animal models to
humans but if you see something
completely remove a tumor with one dose
and it was designed to do it it wasn't
that they were just looking around for
stuff you know they had a good idea that
the mechanism would work that's why they
tested it that's pretty exciting now
here's the good news and the bad
news if you have or get cancer in 2025
you have a race against the clock now
like has never existed before because
when I was a kid these same stories were
every day when I was you know 18 years
old and not many of these came to
fruition so every day there's some claim
of this doesn't work out but what's
different is
AI if you overlay AI on top of this
world um the experts in AI are saying
you can end up curing basically all the
cancer anwers because you could look at
the DNA of the person you could check
the specifics of the tumor and then the
AI will tell you exactly the kind of you
know shot to give you that makes those
tumors go away now of course there's
some medical people who say oh don't let
the tech Brothers talk about science
they're not scientists or they're not
MediCal people and I get that but I do
think that pattern recognition is going
to be the big winning play and that's
what AI does well so it could be there's
no way to know we could be five years
away from cancer just being an
annoyance so if you've got cancer
today you've got a tough
choice because you can either do nothing
and hope for the you know single
compound that cures your thing but it's
going to take a few years to be
available or you can immediately get on
the chemo and you know the the brutal
stuff that has side effects right away
and when this compound becomes available
if it if it does it's not guaranteed
then you would still always have what
the side effects gave you even if they
cured your
cancer because the the you know the the
treatment can give you some pretty bad
permanent
damage so the decision about what to do
if you've got cancer is completely new
territory
um I think people are going to make some
hard choices and uh you're going to see
some some people just just not get
treated and they're just going to say
you know what I'm going to play I'm
going to play a long
game uh I'm just going to roll the dice
so you're going to see people's uh
approach to it change as the technology
is changing and that ladies and
gentlemen is what I had for today I knew
this a little bit long thank you for
staying everybody who stayed hope it was
interesting and uh welcome to the Golden
Age everything's looking good um I'm
going to talk to the locals people
privately now but thanks everybody for
joining and come back tomorrow please
and we'll enjoy the Golden Age a little
bit more hope today was fun I enjoyed it
a lot all right locals coming at you in
30
seconds
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for