Hey look what time it is yeah that's
right you're right it's time for a
coffee with Scott Adams almost everyone
have you got the right answer to that
question as you're slowing in here to
watch no no pushing no shoving take seat
hello Martin hello Missy Donna Boris
good to see you guys well if you're here
early
you're probably prepared and that means
you've got a glass or a mug or a cup
I've got my dainty travel travel what is
this a cup with me right now because I'm
on the road but you could have a tanker
jurist I nor a chalice you might have a
thermos you might have a flask fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous up dopamine
it's good stuff all right well we've got
a lot of lot of stuff to talk about
today number one did you see the latest
CNN poll of the Democratic candidates
and did you compare the latest poll to
what I predicted the polls would be
after the debates scary isn't it if you
recall I told you that Biden and Sanders
would take a hit mostly Biden and I told
you that Harris and Warren would rise
what happened exactly that exactly that
so the CNN poll has Biden down 10 points
after the poll to 22% Harris is now in
number 217 who told you a year ago the
Harris would be the nominee me who told
you before that
I don't know if anybody did I think I
might have been the first over a year
ago and since I don't see Biden having a
path to the nomination in the long run I
would say that whoever's in second place
at this point
has a pretty good pretty good position
Warren of course also looks as strong as
she could surprise but I'm gonna still
go with Harris as the the stronger
candidate and I think ultimately the
Dems will pick a stronger candidate one
of the keys to winning I think is if it
turns out to be that they not make the
same lengths that Hillary made Hillary
made one of the just one of the worst
political mistakes you could ever make
she bent a few of them but the the
biggest one was running as an advantage
let's say she she sold her gender as an
advantage he can't really do that you
you can't be the party that's running
for everybody's equal at the same time
you're saying women are superior because
she essentially said that she said that
being a woman was an advantage that the
women are better listeners she literally
had specifics of why women are are
better candidates and I think that I
heard her no I haven't heard a Harris
say anything about her gender yet and if
she if she could make it all the way to
the election without even bringing it up
that would be a really strong play so
we'll see if she does that that's I've
often said that was Obama's smartest
political move was to not make it not
make ethnicity part of the equation let
people think about it their own way but
don't put it in their face all right um
brian Stelter is all giddy because yes
he says i think he used the phrase that
hypocrisy burns which made me laugh he
was talking about how
the Fox News hosts were all upset that
Obama might talk to some dictators but
when Trump does it they say well that's
brilliant only Trump could do it and so
according to brian Stelter that's
hypocrisy because they said it was bad
if obama does it but it's good when
Trump does it but of course Obama is not
Trump how in the world how in the world
do you compare those two personalities
and say that they should be doing the
same thing at the very least they should
have their own strategy which is
compatible with you know their their
brand if you want to say that compatible
with what people expect of them at all
that Trump is playing directly to his
strengths his strengths are that he can
talk to anybody you can make anybody
you'd like him apparently you know
one-on-one anyway he doesn't half the
country hate something from a distance
but one-on-one it's hard to have any
impression of him other than liking him
now I speak from experience because I
did get to to meet him the president and
I got to chat with him in the Oval
Office like last year for a little bit
and I can tell you his personality is
hard to resist in person he gives you
his full attention and you feel like
you're the only person in the room and
the complements you cuz you know if he
likes you he always compliments you and
you walk out thinking ooh feeling pretty
good what a great guy he complimented me
it must be a genius
so and I don't know if did did Obama
have the same talent he might have
because he has you know he has enormous
charisma as well but I don't know if he
had that same talent did he did did
Obama have the one-on-one touch because
I I don't I don't remember thinking that
somebody in the comments is saying
Clinton did as well you were correct
Bill Clinton apparently had that same
touch
so I would not say that there's anything
similar
likewise President Trump I think did
more credible job of looking scary
before he looked friendly so you can't
compare those two strategies Obama acted
friendly and then said hey let's talk
that looks weak Trump said fire and fury
will reduce your country to rubble but
it also be willing to talk those are not
the same those are not even close to
being the same let's be friends versus I
will destroy your country and a ball of
fire if you keep it up but I'm also
willing to talk anytime you want they're
not they're not even a little bit close
to each other those are completely
different strategies except they both
involved talking at some point all right
um the political play of the week goes
once again I hate to tell you this but
the political play of the week goes to
AOC again again now I'm not saying play
of the week means I agree with it it
doesn't mean she's telling the truth it
doesn't mean she's even persuading in a
positive way you can make your own
decisions about that but she she visits
this border secure this border detention
facility where the illegal immigrants
are being kept and she comes back with
probably just one of the all-time great
persuasive probably not true but
persuasive statements that the the
detainees are being made to drink out of
the toilet because they don't have water
now if I had to make a bet somebody says
she has you fooled Scott fooled about
what and my fooled that I'm talking
about her and that she's a headline
again am I am i imagining that am i
imagining that she gets a lot of
attention
and what part of my fault about that's
the only claim I've made she's really
good at getting attention and being
persuasive this is as clear as day from
this latest play I'm not saying she's
right I'm saying that she gets the
tension and she's very persuasive now
one of the tricks she uses is this
visual persuasion she can put a picture
in your head she can make a quote that
you can't forget about and she can sell
a narrative like nobody's business
and this whole thing about being forced
to drink out of the toilet if I had to
bet I would take very long odds that is
just not true now there might have been
something that suggested it
you know it would be easy to imagine
that there was this one time somebody
asked for water and the guard said you
know I'll be you know I've got to I've
got to take care of this thing but I'll
get you your water right after and then
you can imagine the person saying well
what am I supposed to do in the meantime
drink out of the toilet and you can
imagine the guard being frustrated and
saying you know do whatever you want to
do and then going to do his thing and
then getting water later nothing that's
what happened I'm saying it's very easy
to imagine some kind of a conversation
that happened once between two people
that may have had some passing
resemblance to her ultimate to comment
about drinking out of the toilet but
she's still smart forming that image
because you can't get it out of your
head it's youth I hate to say this
because so gross but you can see it and
you can taste it I didn't want to say
that right because it's so awful but
it's persuasion you can taste and you
don't get stronger than that so I think
it's very effective but probably not
very true however as I often say
directionally directionally it's kind of
true
you don't want to hear that right but
directionally it's kind of true in the
sense that people are in conditions
which nobody would want to be in
themselves right so the conditions are
not good I think we'd all agree with
that and it has nothing to do with
anybody's intentions it's that the
system is overwhelmed so we got that the
other story is Kaepernick apparently
contacted Nike and got them to change
their plans for a sneaker that had a
little American flag on the back but the
flag was the early 13 Stars colony flag
I guess the the reported reason and of
course this is yet again one of those
stories where you can't necessarily
believe every detail that you hear but
the reported story is that because it
was the early flag of the colonies it
was associated with slavery and Nike
decided to change their minds to which I
say yeah now now somebody on social
media said to me well Scott you say
there's no slippery slope how can you
say that now because now they're even
banning early versions of the American
flag how is that not a slippery slope to
whatever a bad thing to which I say what
would be wrong with this country
de-emphasizing slave owners now that
would mean it would mean de-emphasizing
George Washington it would mean the
emphasizing Thomas Jefferson but how
would you be harmed by that would you be
harmed it's one of those things where we
have this deep emotional connection to
our founders but that's not shared by
all of your fellow citizens who also
count and my take on this is that I
don't think my life would be any
different if if we change Jews out of
our money
for example I just don't think it would
be any different but it might make
people feel better in the future it
might make a statement might make make
for a better situation so I think that
there will arise some counter force if
things go too far maybe this is it
maybe this is too far maybe it's the
next move after that that's too far
maybe it's after they take the the slave
owners who were also founders off of
currency which I'd be fine with I would
be fine with taking slave owners off of
currency I saw somebody defending Betsy
Ross as a founding mother and I thought
to myself what did she do except sew a
flag because I'm not sure all the
founders had exactly the same level of
contribution I mean she made a good flag
I'm not saying she didn't could do a
good job but somebody wrote a
constitution that has lasted hundreds of
years and changed the world other people
led armies of insurgents fighting
against the strongest army on the planet
and one Betsy Ross
she made a flag just not all equal was
what I'm saying anyway I'm sure that'll
get me demonetised
speaking of that pretty much the
majority of my videos that I make here
originally on periscope and then I put
them immediately on YouTube YouTube is
routinely D monetizing them now it's not
about the money necessarily because as
you know I don't need the money but when
something is demonetized it's also not
part of the recommended videos because
of course YouTube wants to recommend
things that are that are monetized so d
monetizing has the effect of throttling
back how many people look at it by a
great deal now upon appeal because you
can do it you can ask for an appeal all
but one of them I think has been Ramana
ties but by the time they Ramana ties it
most of the viewers have already seen it
because I do content that's coming from
the headlines and so ty
it matters if people don't watch it the
first day they're less like far less
likely to watch it the second day
because I also have a new video the next
day so the effect of temporarily D
monetizing it probably reduces the
viewership by I don't know 40% by half
it's a big deal now I of course asks the
question how can I believe this is
legitimate if you've been watching me
lately you know that I've largely
stopped using bad words intentionally so
it's not about language it might be
about content but I don't do any
controversial content I look at things
from a different angle but I don't do
anything that would get me let's say
fired from a job or boycotted or
anything like that I stay away from that
quite intentionally because I would like
my content to have a wider audience and
the year the edge year I am the smaller
my audience would be and I choose to
have a larger audience so here's the
interesting part it's impossible to tell
what is the impact of some kind of
decision to throttle things and what is
just the algorithm doing this thing and
it has nothing to do with anybody now
that could be just as bad because if the
algorithm is doing its thing and humans
don't know exactly how it's all playing
out there there's no human being who
knows what it's doing that's bad because
it means the algorithm is making
important decisions that may not be the
same once a humans would be that kind of
puts the machines in charge accidentally
but I got a I saw a tweet from David
Pakman who said that YouTube is doing
the same thing to him now if you don't
know David Pakman p-a-k-i man he is an
anti-trump err he probably wouldn't call
himself that but he would be far more
associated with the progressive left I
think would be the the right way to say
I hope I'm not mischaracterizing David's
position but he's he's left of the
middle
so if he's having the same deep
monetization issue and I only know from
the one tweet then that would be
interesting wouldn't it because I would
consider him a comparable comparable in
the same in the way that when you're
when you're looking for real estate in
order to know if a house is worth worth
the price you look at the other houses
in the neighborhoods that are comparable
so it's your comparison to know if
you're going to pay too much about and I
think that Pakman is a good comparable
for me because it's probably the same
content
I mean meaning the same topics but he
puts his you know left-of-centre spin on
it most of my audience is Trump
supporters so my spin is there so if we
were both treated exactly the same way
by the algorithm I would say well you
have an you have an issue with the
business model because it's under under
monetizing but it's not a bias problem
if that's true
so if it's true that that pac-man's deep
monetization and mine are essentially
equivalent I would say that would be
important to know it's also I'll get
back to my suggestion I made before in
order to spot social media bias
given that each of the tech companies is
operating somewhat independently meaning
that they're their internal decisions
about what to do with their algorithms
are not checked with the other companies
you would expect that you would be able
to identify when bias has been injected
into any of the platforms by seeing if
you get the same impacts in the same
time on the other platforms so if he had
several platforms running your content
it was all uploaded at the same time
roughly speaking and that applies to me
if that was true and I saw that let's
say I I got to throttled on Facebook but
not on Twitter and not on YouTube well
that would tell me something would tell
me that YouTube their Facebook is doing
something so I think there's some kind
of
Mehta program that could be created that
just tracks comparables so you know
people from the left people from the
right you can see if any if there's any
big difference that happens suddenly and
and you're also looking at comparables
of your own material not only in the
past but currently out there so I think
that's needed the president was doing a
interview with Tucker Carlson after the
after the trip or during the trip in
Asia and the president suggested that
maybe the Department of Justice was
looking at the tech companies but he
couldn't say meaning they didn't want to
say so it seems to me that in all
likelihood there's some activity going
ahead and to find out what's going on
with the tech companies and that's all
good all right um did you see I tweeted
this Mike sort of edge tweeted around a
video of a traffic stop in which it
looked like a I'm guessing a white
police officer was stopping a young
african-american man and you really have
to see the two versions of the video one
is selectively edited to to a smaller
piece of the interaction and one is the
the full video the the full video and
the selected one tell completely
opposite stories so I'm not even gonna
I won't even give you an opinion about
the event and I'm not going to give you
an opinion about who is right or who was
wrong I'm going to make this point
because it's the important point the
Selective edit gives you an opposite
opinion of who's wrong from the full
video it completely reverses your
opinion of what happened so it's worth
watching just for that because the more
examples you see if I was selective at
it can literally reverse some things
meaning because you wouldn't think that
right your common sense tells you that a
selective edit would be maybe not
complete as the full video but common
sense tells you that the Selective edit
would at least be in the same direction
as the phone you would think that if the
edited showed somebody doing something
bad that the full one might show them
doing something bad as well but you
could actually reverse the meaning from
good to bad to from criminal to not
criminal completely reverse it just by
editing it down to a smaller version
it's it's scary to see how effective
that is he had the Covington situation
is the perfect example that the more the
more examples you see that the more the
more prepared you will be number of
people ask me to why I don't use bit
shoot instead of YouTube because bit
shoot is a competitor and they don't I
guess they don't have the censorship or
the deep monetization problem
shoot contacted me about five minutes
before I turned out in this periscope
and offered to show me some tools to
make it easy to take my YouTube content
directly over there so I guess they they
were smart and they have some mode where
if you're gonna stay out in YouTube
they'll just sort of mirror your content
unfit shoot and I thought to myself I
will look into that as time allows and I
don't think that issue will have the
same kind of monetization but it would
be good to diversify it would be good to
diversify then you can watch it wherever
you want all right
I saw some speculation in the news did
you see this speculation that President
Trump might replace pence for when he's
running for re-election and one of the
names that came up as a potential
replacement for pence was Tucker Carlson
and I'd love to know what you think
about that let me give you my take on
this
yeah my take is that I don't see the
slightest chance that dr. Carlson would
take that job now I don't have an
opinion about whether he'd be good at it
because I don't know if his experience
is exactly translatable into the into
the political world it's hard to know
body's very smart he's compatible with
the president's views on most stuff he
explains things better than just about
anybody so you say you could imagine you
could imagine why the president might
have at least thought about it I don't
know how much he's thought about it and
I don't know how true the rumor is but I
would say there's no chance that
somebody takes that big of a pay cut at
that age and if he does I'd be very
surprised because Tucker Carlson has
probably not probably could we say he
has the best job on television would you
say because he's on the the
highest-rated Network I believe he has
the highest-rated show it is time zone
four for cable news and I would imagine
he's well compensated so I can't imagine
him wanting to go from a stable
situation that's I assume is friendly
with his you know home life and family
situation and gives him time to see the
kids and all that good stuff
I can't imagine he'd want to throw all
that away to have the most thankless job
in the world of being vice president so
it would be an irrational decision
unless he had ambitions that we don't
know about and baby he does who knows
anyway I would call that just
interesting I don't think there's a
chance in the world that Tucker would go
for a VP job but I'm not a mind-reader
are you watching what Bill Polti is
doing with he's doing the experiment
well it's not an experiment because he's
really doing it I guess I guess it's an
experiment in the sense that we don't
know how it all turned out but that's
that's part of the fun so bill pulled a
pul tea
and you should be following him by the
way at at Ponte at BU LTE so in addition
to working on cleaning up blight in our
inner cities and you're gonna hear more
about that there's some stuff coming on
that you're you're gonna be very
interested in I'll just give you that
preview there's something coming on
blight removal that you're gonna find
very interesting so just wait for that
but in the meantime bill Polti is doing
an experiment in which he's literally
just giving away money his own money on
Twitter to people who make a good case
that they needed so I believe he's given
$1,000 away twice and he's currently
offered to give 10,000 away to somebody
who makes the best case I just tweeted
that if you want to see the details of
that device it's as easy as just there's
the this as easy as just responding to
his tweets so and I saw a video of a
woman who was a recipient of a thousand
dollars from him and she was she was
very touched because it made a gigantic
difference in her life so the bigger the
bigger issue is whether this idea that
he's testing out of let's say Twitter
philanthropy of just offering to give
money just doing a tweet and saying hey
if somebody has a good a good use of the
money I'll give it to you I love what
he's doing with this because who knows
if this who knows if it becomes a bigger
thing if if it evolves into something
else it's going to be terrific
but no matter what happens a whole bunch
of people who desperately needed a
little extra money probably gonna get
some so it's all good the the worst case
scenario is still amazing the best-case
scenario is changes the whole world so
if your this is a good lesson
so what Bill is doing the worst case
scenario the worst that could happen is
a bunch of people who really needed some
money got stuck
for money that's the worst that could
happen the best that could happen is it
could change society like it could
introduce a model of giving that
connects people with money with people
who need it in a way that nobody could
quite predict and might be
transformative it might be you might
give people a lift up when they need it
most it could be the difference between
you know finishing school and being able
to have childcare or to get that job I
mean these could these could be big
differences in people's lives so that's
one of the smartest bets you'll ever see
the worst case is good the best case who
knows could change the world all right
this is story today which is very ugly
about apparently there's a Facebook
group of border control people
immigration and border control people
who apparently the reporting is that
it's quote filled with derogatory posts
now what does it mean for a Facebook
group to be filled with derogatory posts
well if it's like social media
everywhere else it means that there are
some percentage of people commenting who
are terrible people and somebody in the
comments just said normal that's right
this is fake news by changing context so
it looks like my guess is is that it's a
large group of people and like every
large group of people you're gonna have
you know if you have thousands of people
doing anything you're gonna have a
hundred people who are terrible people
you can't put you can't put 10,000
Americans together and now I have a
hundred of them or just totally bad
people it's guaranteed because we're
humans so if you have a hundred people
who are doing horribly racist evil awful
thoughts and at some group of thousands
and thousands that would be described as
normal life but because they have a
professional
responsibility that is you know in some
ways let's say I just say that that
matters a lot in this case because of
the political feeling we have about it
because there are lives involves because
it feels like punching down you could
come up with ten more reasons it sounds
racist whatever so the fact that their
border security makes what would what
would look like ordinary bad behavior
from the large crowd looks way worse
alright so I'm not going to defend it
I'm just gonna say you're probably
hearing it out of context and if you did
hear it in context you're more likely to
say yeah if you get thousands of people
together you're gonna have some racists
they're gonna they're gonna post some
terrible things that's guaranteed
but it's unacceptable unacceptable at
any level because of their jobs if they
didn't have those jobs I'd say well
Charles patrols but because of their
jobs they they do need to be held to a
higher higher standard I think that's
fair one of the things tucker carlson
was noting and i haven't seen it
reported anywhere else is he noted when
kim janggun
met the president at the dmz tucker was
right up close he was just a few feet
away from the event and away from kim
and he reported that Kim was wheezing
and having trouble breathing
just walking that short distance to meet
the president and according to Tucker it
was noticeable enough that it was worth
calling out and making a big point about
it in other words you wouldn't have to
be a doctor to understand there's
something going on here yeah he's a
smoker he's got some weight problems who
does what else and Trump tweeted that
Kim was healthy somebody's saying in the
comments I don't know about that but
yeah we do have to worry about this
don't we because imagine we get a good
we get some kind of a good agreement
with Kim and maybe he only lasts five or
ten more years if you're looking at the
the timeline of you know international
events five or ten years is kind of a
short time you know if you're not sure
he's gonna make the make it to his older
age that might influence how you deal
with it so I'm not a doctor so I'm not
going to make any assumptions about Kim
I have also not heard him in person
there's a great story about Amazon is
now allowing you to build or buy homes
online for under $20,000 so for under
$20,000 you can buy a kit to make your
own little home now that of course does
not include the land it doesn't include
the prep these homes don't have
insulation I'm not sure that they have
bathrooms
you still need somebody to use I don't
know the plumbing and the electrical and
of course your town would never allow
them to be built because the building
codes and now people are saying just
like the Sears catalog okay homes I
think that these kits are all wrong I
think what they are they look to be
something like a traditional home
there's just smaller and they've they've
added some conveniences and some some
cost advantages but I think the kits
need to be something more like Legos
I think the kits need to be a lot easier
and and also give you the flexibility to
build a number of different things that
I think you want you know buy as many
buy as many you know bricks as you want
do it at your own leisure etc so I think
that what we're seeing is just very
beginning sort of like the the first
personal computer it seems to me that
the future is that the cost of housing
will go way down because of these kits
because these modular things now I'm
going to tell you how to design
a perfect house and you're gonna say to
yourself that's not the way they already
do it and the answer is what I'm going
to describe is going to make perfect
sense and it's not the way it's done
right if you were given to design a
perfect home here's the right way to do
it the right way to do it is to say okay
what functions do I need and then for
those functions what would that
furniture look like so you'd say okay
one of the functions is watching
television say so you'd say okay how far
from the television should the seats be
how many of them should there be in what
configuration once you had the function
whether it's the kitchen function the
garage function or whatever you would
have here your your components and your
and your furniture around that and then
you'd say okay if this is the furniture
you know this this must be the size of
the room because the furniture wants to
fit in the room and not be you know in
the middle of the big room it'd not be
too small so then you have your perfect
room but you so you'd have a perfect
bedroom you'd have a perfect kitchen etc
then you should take those perfect rooms
and put them together but you would
first notice that they don't fit
together that well because each of them
was designed to independently so you'd
need to next figure out okay where would
the doors be and you hope that the doors
don't ruin everything you've done so far
once you've got the doors and you've put
them together then you know what the
outside looks like etc and then then
you've got your house built that is not
the way homes are built today the way
homes are built is backwards and I you
know I built a home so I saw the whole
process and I was I was blown away at
how backwards the process is the way it
starts is a builder will say okay I
could have subdivide this this land that
I got I could start with this much land
and I'm gonna say okay I need a little
room for a backyard so the house will be
sort of on this footprint and then they
say all right I've got something weirdly
shaped because that's what the land is
shaped like and I needed to put a garage
here etc
and then I'm gonna try to shove all the
rooms in there so they draw the rooms
and then the last thing they do is put
furniture in so they're actually
designed backwards so that when you're
done have you ever gone into a model
home and you're walking through the
model home and you say to yourself why
is this room all wrong
it has furniture in it but it looks like
it wasn't even designed with the
intention of furniture because it
doesn't doesn't really fit nothing's
facing the right way that sort of thing
and you see this in every model home
there's no exception they're all
designed backwards why there's no reason
there isn't a single reason let me give
you the best example I so my current
home was built ten years ago but I don't
think things have changed that much the
the house was designed by the architect
with you know a lot of my input and once
it was built it's handed off to the
Builder the Builder then frames it and
starts building it up and then here's
the part that's going to blow your mind
after it's framed
after it's framed the Builder calls in
the the air conditioning guy and says
can he put in some air conditioning and
the air conditioning guy has to figure
out how to run duct work through the
framing that already exists there are
two spots in my house where it didn't
work because it wasn't designed for
ductwork though I I had to actually put
in a duplicate a/c in one room because
there wasn't physically a way to get a
duct from from where the equipment was
to that room I had to duplicate it and
to get to another room I had to run
ductwork and this will blow your mind
outdoors so my air conditioning duct
work at one part runs under an outdoor
lanai meaning an unconditioned space
where the ductwork with cool energy has
to go through a very hot place to get
back to a cool place now if I told you
that was the process what would you say
you'd say well you must have got a bad
builder or something
my builder was like every builder that's
actually the way it's done
it's called engineering in the field
they do that part of the engineering
after it's framed
ridiculous likewise with the you know
the electrical and stuff people come in
after the fact and put in their
electrical and when they put in the
electrical outlets it's done without
regard to the furniture think about that
the electrical outlets are put in
without regard to where the first R is I
mean they take it into account when it's
obvious but not really so everything
about a home is designed backwards
here's the way you should do it you
should build a bunch of rooms they're
like perfect bedrooms for different
sizes perfect living room a few
different sizes then you run people
through them and you say well how does
it feel how's the Fung Shui how does it
feel to you mentally and that dad do you
feel about how close didn't you are how
do you feel about the light as I feel
and then F you've tested a bunch of
rooms you've got perfect bedrooms
perfect kitchen ages duplicate you
should be able to take a design
completely and of the expense flow by
designing a few a set of homes that
gives you all the basic functions and
they're the perfect ones you can change
the colors of the of the walls and stuff
if you want to make it special anyway so
my basic point is the homes are designed
completely wrong and the primary reason
is do you know how homes are all built
wrong yeah the you're gonna hate this
but the reason that all homes are
designed wrong is because the people who
go into those businesses are not really
engineers they're not like the engineers
who are designing computers there there
can be building engineers different kind
but even the building engineers don't
see it until after it's designed your
engineer actually gets the plans after
it's designed and the engineer says yes
this will keep the roof up that it'll be
safe that's sort of all they do make
sure it's safe
whereas an Apple engineer is not just
making sure the computer is safe that's
part of it but they're making sure that
it's designed right from the from the
bottom up there's nobody doing that for
houses let me tell you what your
architect and your landscaper will
design to uni you're not gonna like this
but your architect designs for the
architects portfolio in other words the
architect doesn't have to live in your
house so if the architect doesn't give
you enough storage area doesn't matter
to the architect what does matter to the
architect is when it's done and the
architect takes pictures of the work it
looks really good in a photograph now I
would love to tell you that's not how
they designed but it is your architect
designs for the photograph and the
photograph looks better if they don't
have a garage that's a bad example your
photograph looks better if it isn't a
very efficient space it doesn't matter
if the light is too bright in the
afternoon because you don't take the
photograph then here's my my perfect
example when I was doing my landscaping
around my house I had a landscape
architect you know somebody who was an
expert at making it look good and that
person designed this great looking thing
and and I looked at the price and the
price was unbelievably high and I asked
about the trees and I said are these the
kind of trees that you're putting in
here that lose their leaves in the
winter because I live in California and
there are plenty of trees that don't
leave that lose their leaves and and my
landscape architect goes oh yeah these
these ones all will lose their leaves
and I said well why would you give me
suggestions of trees that are gonna lose
their leaves so the half of the year I'm
looking at a leafless tree why would you
even why would he even show me that and
he says because it looks so good when it
has leaves in other words that's when
he's going to take the
he was designing my landscaped for his
portfolio because the ones that lose the
leaves can be more interesting looking
but he just won't take the picture in
the winter because it will look like
hell six months out of the year but
that's my problem
it's not the designers problem
somebody's saying they had the exact
same comment to their landscape designer
yeah and when I tell you that they're
all designed this way backwards and for
the benefit of the photograph you
realize what's going on if we designed
homes the way Silicon Valley designs
everything else the cost of the home
would drop like crazy and the livability
would go through the roof because even
small spaces can be amazing if you
design them right nobody's even trying
alright let's see what else we got
coming in going on here all right those
are my primary points for today so
that's what's going on I would just like
to harken back to my prediction of who
would be the Democratic candidate and
ask you this is there anybody in the
country who made a more accurate
prediction so far we don't know how it
ends but have you seen anybody in the
country and he pundit who made a more
accurate prediction of what the
Democratic field would end up looking
like because it seems to me most people
were saying well it's Biden Biden Biden
Biden don't count him out he's gonna win
and I've been telling you from the start
totally not Biden probably Harris
starting to look starting to look pretty
realistic all right yeah so you should
feel special because I think my audience
for these videos is if you count the
original periscope and then plus
podcasts plus by the way you can hear
these videos on
toons the it turns into a podcast the
same day so I've got maybe 50,000 or so
watch the average video but you're the
only ones who hear these predictions and
didn't you feel like you were hearing
the future if you hadn't if you didn't
feel like that before you should start
to feel like that because you do you do
hear the future when you watch this this
periscope alright
that's all I got now and I'm going to
talk to you later