[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization so far if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny smooth human brains all you need
for that is a cuper muger glass a tanker
chel Stein a canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine the day the main thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous sip it happens now
go audio is working video is working
everything's working
today my goodness things are just
clicking the news is fun today so make
sure you stay for all of it it's all
good stuff
today well you might be aware that
there's a dating app called
Bumble which uh I I do not know about
but apparently according to Melissa Chen
she was posting on this today on X that
it it started out as a site that was
different because women could uh only
women could contact men men so Bumble
apparently allowed only women to contact
men and that was going to be a better
model and they made a lot of money how'd
that go let's see fast forward a little
way ways and uh uh women complained that
it was exhausting to be the ones who
always has always had to reach out and
uh and uh contact the men and so because
women complained that it was exhausting
to do what men have been doing forever
they changed the uh the changed the app
so now it's you know works both
ways I feel like nature wins in the long
run don't you I mean it might take a few
years but I feel like nature is hard to
stop Yes Men are aggressive and we're
Risk
Takers
and it does feel kind of natural that
we're the ones putting ourselves out
there and getting shot down
we can handle
it there's nothing wrong with that men
can handle it and we don't love it and
I'm sure it drives some people you know
wild and insane and stuff but generally
speaking it's one of those things we can
kind of handle we can handle rejection
so maybe if you can handle it better you
should you should step up and do it so
Nature has
emerged speaking of nature let's talk
about science
so you know the crisper Gene editing
that we keep waiting to do more amazing
things well it's getting pretty amazing
they did a tri trial where they were
trying to restore uh Vision to blind
people who had a specific kind of
blindness it's not every kind of
blindness but they restored some sight
in 79% of blind
participants they they saw some
improvement with with uh Gene editing
how cool is that all right are we
actually going to be alive when eyesight
can be cured with with I don't Gene
editing and stem cells and some other
crap maybe or maybe they'll just put a
chip in your skull and you'll be able to
see well the Babylon B has a a headline
that I had to share with you so this is
important news from The Babylon be they
say that 12 women have come forward uh
this is bad 12 women have come forward
alleging they were sexually assaulted by
whoever Trump's VP pick
is that's
terrible 12 women have come forward for
whoever it is they don't know who it's
going to be yet but they're pretty sure
that whoever that
is probably Christy
gome and uh shot them in a gravel
pit I
think so so that's your real news for
the day um open AI is going to launch a
deep fake detection tool but it's only
for their own deep fakes so I can find
out 98% of the time whether whether an
image was created by them and I guess
they're going to add a temper resistant
Watermark how could there be a temper
resistant
Watermark that doesn't even feel like
that's a real thing does it how how can
you take a a digital
image and guarantee that the water mark
can't be
removed wouldn't I just have to run your
image through another Ai and say hey I
ai go find that water market and remove
it I don't know I feel like there's a
weakness in that
plan but maybe it's better than nothing
and it does show that I I feel like all
the problems of
AI which are considerable the risks I
think we're going to work through all of
them I mean it'll be a different world
for sure but fairly confident that we'll
figure out how to control it and handle
our copyrights and survive is just a
really interesting challenge for
humankind but if I had to bet I'd bet on
humans I I think this is well within our
our sweet spot there will be problems
you know nothing will be trouble-free
but can can Humanity handle AI at this
particular point in our Evolution I say
yes they say yes I'm glad we're doing
it here's an interesting story that
probably doesn't mean anything but it's
a fun coincidence One turns out that
Jeff bezos's
grandfather was a uh an important
co-founder of the
internet and may have had some let's
say intelligence government
connections now it's all kind of you
know rumored sh we stuff and then
there's some suggestion by John
Greenwall Jr who operates something
called The Black Vault a website
dedicated to revealing Declassified
government documents that uh they tried
to find the FBI file on Bezos
grandfather and said none could be found
which doesn't mean there ever was one I
think this story got a little
exaggerated it went from we asked for an
FBI file and there was none to the FBI
file was destroyed
nobody knows it was destroyed nobody
knows it ever
existed
so um anyway do you think it's a
coincidence that Jeff Bezos became a
billionaire in a business that probably
required a little government involvement
to at least not be opposed to it if his
grandfather might have had some
connections to the
government well that's the suggestion
people are making I would say that
there's not not any There's No Sol solid
evidence of anything suspicious well no
let me take that back there's no solid
evidence of anything that looks like
wrongdoing on anybody's part just to be
clear no nobody's being accused of
anything per se is just an interesting
connection which is
suspicious um but you have to compare it
to this let's let's say it's true let's
just work through this hypothetically I
I do think that it's a real thing that
some number of our most successful
billionaire
entrepreneurs uh got a boost from the
government the intelligence people now I
don't know what percentage and I don't
know which ones in particular but I
think you know when you look at the
whole layout of how many billionaires
did things that look like they couldn't
be done unless the government was maybe
a little bit on your side you know what
I mean so I'm sure that there are some
big businesses that wouldn't have
happened without the government saying
you know if we help you a little bit how
about if we stay in your pockets we can
get some Advantage as well but let's
compare that to Europe Eric Schmidt who
had been the at one point CEO of Google
uh says the US is two to three years
ahead of China in
Ai and as he points out two to three
years is a lifetime you in the technical
world so it doesn't sound like much to
you to you and me but two to three years
at AI is it's the difference between
winning and losing but he says that
Europe is basically Irrelevant in AI
because they're busy
regulating so so Europe is over there
regulating its businesses to stop them
from being
successful name name a
gigantic uh new European business in the
last 20 years
go it's it's a new new successful
European business like big like Google
like
Facebook
Tesla name it I can't think of one can
you think of
any I I I think Europe might be
done um between the migration and as
Eric Schmidt points out they seem to
have regulated to the point of taking
themselves completely off the
field so let's compare these two models
I have said
provocatively that in my opinion the
United States stopped being a republic
SL democratic
system probably in the late 50s maybe
sooner and since then we've been
essentially a criminal a criminal
organization but that I've also said
that it might be the best form of
government compare it to Europe is
Europe a criminal organization I don't
know I don't know I just know that
they've they've government regulated
themselves out of the game they've
actually done such a bad job with their
government that they it doesn't look
like they'll survive honestly it doesn't
looks like they've just become an
Islamic country the the non-islamic
people will be slaughtered at some point
I think if you fast forward it looks
like it's adding to that
situation and uh the US rather than
being uh boggled by its own government
uh is more of a criminal organization so
it just finds it finds businesses and
then it backs them until they become
winners but it owns a piece of them it's
a it's a awful lot like selling
protection like the
mafia hey that's a nice little startup
you got there it'd be a shame if the
regulations killed it well what can I do
about it well if you work with us and
you give us a back door to your product
all those regulations will follow away
and Congress will be quite happy to give
you something you know and the Pentagon
will the Pentagon will uh buy your
services you'll be sitting pretty you
just have to give us a little back door
now I would consider that basically a
criminal
Enterprise but it might work way better
than whatever Europe's
doing it might work way better than
whatever China is doing so I hate that I
have to say this but we don't have a
democracy we don't have a republic or
anything even close to it what we do
have is a better system of government
than China and
Europe but not better than
Russia now that's the that's the hard
part to swallow because Russia is also a
criminal
organization uh but they've got one you
know head boss so it's even more
efficient than our criminal organization
it turns out that Crime Pays
wildly if you do it right you know if
you do it wrong you just go to jail or
get killed but if you do it right
apparently it pays really really well
just look at Putin he's doing
great all right
um will aliens vote Tucker had a another
video in which he was talking
to what person was he talking to um
somebody in that domain but uh
apparently
you can be an illegal U migrant into the
country and you can vote and if you get
caught it would not be illegal if you
say that you mistakenly believed you
were a
citizen did you know that that it's not
illegal to vote if you're not a citizen
as long as you claim you thought you
were and apparently there's some uh
indications that people are screaming
across the border actually believe they
are citizens when they get here because
they they're not quite understanding the
system so we've got literally millions
of people coming in who would be able to
vote and if by any chance they were
caught they would just say I'm not a
citizen well I I thought I was I I
thought I was like a preciti or
something AR aren't we all going to be
legal later it won't the law make us all
legal citizens I I thought that meant I
already am so all they have to do is say
they didn't know the system and they can
vote now my question is how many people
are actually going to
vote who you know are worrying about
eating and got here you know barely and
don't want to put their name into the
system
unnecessarily I feel like there won't be
a lot but I do worry that somebody will
vote for them if they get a hold of a
ballot that was meant for them
so it's probably a bigger bigger risk
that somebody would get their mailin
ballots if in fact those get created I
don't know if they would be all right
there's a new story in s.org
says there's a bunch of been some
research lately to find that when people
don't believe the news and they go and
do their own research that it makes
things
worse that doing your own research is a
way to be extra wrong
and that doing your own research is not
is not a mechanism for finding out
what's true if you don't believe the
fake
news now has anybody told you that
before again apparently several
scientific studies were funded and you
could have replaced all of them with
just should have asked
Scott should have asked Scott every bit
of this is standard hypnosis
training so 50 years ago no 40 years ago
40 years
ago I could have told you with complete
certainty and did and did that doing
your own research would make you dumb or
not
smarter how many of you already knew
that that doing your own research makes
you dumber not
smarter it's because we don't know how
to do
research we just imagined we do it's a
complete illusion all you do is you go
find things that are agree with you and
then ignore the stuff that doesn't so
it's it's a confirmation bias trap which
could not be more glaringly obvious it's
glaringly obvious that an ordinary
person and most of us are ordinary like
we're not experts on data
research uh that research just makes it
worse and I'm pretty sure that that
effect goes well into the expert
category as well I'll bet you that even
when experts do their own research it
gets worse at least half the time you
maybe the expert can be right half the
time but humans nah we're just
guessing well there's the remains of an
ancient planet found buried beneath the
Earth what so there's an ancient planet
that allegedly has been detected that's
inside the earth that's right we've got
a secret Planet inside us and some say
that the
uh the Collision of that planet which
has a name
weirdly Thea is buried deep beneath uh
under Africa H
Africa
Africa the Cradle of human life and
another planet is right underneath it
huh
interesting
interesting could it
be there was some kind of material
organic or other on that planet that
that plunged into us could it be that
there were aliens on the planet with
such advanced technology that they
survived the collision and live
today in the core of the center of the
earth okay probably not but it's kind of
fun because we are talking about aliens
and all the time and where did they come
from and people are saying I think
they're coming from Earth and then we
find out we have an alien planet inside
the Earth Earth and that maybe it was
part of how the moon was formed you know
the Big Planet hit Earth and then some a
chunk broke off and it's the moon well I
don't believe any of the story
really seems like the kind that someday
somebody will say there's no Planet
inside the planet you idiot that's just
bad scanning or something so I'm not
sure this will stand up but uh it's kind
of a fun story and it does seem to me
like it would not be
impossible that some organic material
came along for the ride so we might be
aliens we might be
aliens do you know the signal
app and you might say to me Scott I
remember you telling me that there's no
such thing as an encrypted app that is
safe I remember you telling me that if
there were an encrypted app it would be
exactly the place that the CIA would
want to penetrate because all the good
stuff is on the encrypted app
if you want to find the terrorists you
need an encrypted app because that's
where they are and so I speculated that
given the size and power and influence
of the CIA which is almost absolute that
there is no private company that could
resist their pressure to give them a
back
door so I told you that there's no such
thing as a secure message and if you
should and you should act every day of
your life as though everything that you
write down is public maybe even
everything you say out loud because they
their digital recording
advice devices everywhere as well so you
should probably start living your life
right
away as though you don't have any
secrets and like maybe not have any
you're better off if you don't have any
but there's no privacy you know I told
you I saw one of my messages on Signal
in the news did I tell you that
it was it was in the news it was a
private message un signal now I don't
know if that is because somebody read it
on the other end and then decided to
share it I don't know if somebody got it
from my keyboard action you know there
could have been a bug on my phone that
was reading my keyboard I don't know if
the intelligence agencies uh picked it
up because we do assume that they're
looking at it I don't know but the fact
that I don't know
should be enough to give you a little
bit of caution about how you use that
that kind of an
app now as it turns out because I've
been living my life for a long time like
I assume that I don't have any privacy
so it wasn't
embarrassing at all you know I didn't
say anything that was embarrassing
but you don't have privacy you do not
have privacy just live your life like
that's already gone and you're going to
be in better
shape so then there's a new story about
it though uh Katherine Maher who is also
the head of NPR apparently has an
interesting background that makes her
look like she was involved in color
Revolutions in other countries the
Middle East in particular and that she
had a job at wikip media and everything
about her including the fact that she
was sought out to be on the board of
signal everything about her
suggests that she's a spook and that uh
that she's part of the making sure
there's no privacy and making sure that
uh the news is
censored so she looks like and I don't I
can't say that this is true because that
would take a lot more evidence than I
have but every signal ah signal but
every indication is that she's part of a
larger
government um ongoing effort to control
every form of communication and have
access to it and to control what you
know and what you
think and so it would be one more signal
that signal isn't necessarily as private
as you thought it was because the mere
fact that she's associated with it I
think it's a board member right as a
board
member is every red flag in the world
now remember when I told you many times
that if the only thing you know is the
the news you don't know anything you
have to know the players the news will
tell you nothing unless you know the
people in the news and all the other
people they're connected to right for
example if all you knew is there were
protests at colleges that's a completely
different story than if you know the
funding is coming from Democrat
donors that's a different story you have
to know the players you have to know
that Soros is attached to the open
Society is attached to the Atlantic
Council and you have to know who the
Atlantic council is so if you don't know
that whole chain you know the I'll call
it the Mike Ben's view of the world if
you haven't been exposed to that all the
news looks
different as soon as you see the larger
network of connections and and
then every story can map into that and
then you understand it as it connects to
the other things but without that you
don't you have no idea what's going on
it's it's just a black box it's just a
thing happened a thing happened a thing
happened you don't know why you don't
know what it's connected to you can't
predict it
nothing so know the
players uh Canada is introducing a hate
crime like a hate speech bill I guess
that could put you in jail for things
you said in the past before that was
even a law in
Canada that's the worst law I've ever
heard in my life
and do you know who gets to decide what
is a hate speech and what
isn't somebody does it matter who no it
doesn't matter who if somebody else gets
to decide that you can go to jail for ha
speech then are going to put you
in jail for a hay speech just because
you're on the other team so I would get
out of Canada as soon as possible like
actually Canadian citizens if they pass
that and I know that they're charging
you money to leave I think it cost
doesn't it cost like $25,000 to leave
Canada so they're actually they're
actually using Force to keep you in the
Country Canada Canada is using the force
of government to keep you from leaving
at the same time they're squeezing away
your rights in the most profound way
nothing could be more profound than
saying we can put you in jail for
something you said in the past that we
now decide is ha spe
that is the end of all Freedom Canada
has fallen if they pass this if this
passes Canada is not even a country
anymore it's just I don't know what it
is it's not even up to a criminal
organization it's just dead it's like
dead money I would get your money out of
Canada and if you live there I would get
the out like I seriously there was
a story today about a Canadian farmer
who decided to move to Russia for the
freedom not a
joke this is today's story a Canadian
farmer in his family looked at all their
options and decided to move to Russia to
become a
farmer for the freedom for the freedom
and I don't think he's wrong when when I
look at these situations I I would
imagine in Russia you can't say bad
things about
Putin but probably that's about it and
and I'll bet you can even say bad things
about Putin as long as they're not like
Insider information or something you
could probably say oh our inflation is
too high I blame Putin you could
probably say
that right but uh
yeah Russia might have more freedom than
Canada like actually literally no
hyperbole might have more
freedom us fertility rates have fallen
to 1.6 births per woman the lowest in
the
Century I think breeding farms are
coming I think that literally there will
be single women who want to have
babies but don't want to be
married and they don't have the
financial wherewithal to do it and so
that rich people will be creating
breeding farms and it will be a let's
say like a commune where all these
single pregnant women go and they can
live there for their first several years
or whatever and they just raise kids and
and billionaires pay for it because they
want more kids or it might be just a
fundraiser and you just say hey we're
raising funds for the breeding
farm and you know we're we'll tell you
where we get the sperm you know so it's
better quality and you you're just
you're basically you would just be
paying for other people to have babies
because your dad didn't let you do that
I think that's going to happen now now
before you say it's horrible blah blah
blah for all the reasons that are all
good reasons I won't even argue with any
of the reasons it's just that the
alternative is worse there is no
alternative that you're either going to
have to replace humans with robots or
with migrants which you know brings its
own
cultural you know intersection problems
or you're going to have to pay human
women in the in the United States to
have more babies and they're not going
to do it within the marriage context
because marriage is largely a failed a
failed process you know I will always
agree with you that if you can pull it
off the best situation is a nuclear
family if you can pull it off but we
certainly have you know Decades of
experience showing that half of the
country can't pull it off and I don't
think that you can blame the
people let's put it this way if I design
a system and half of the people can't
use it it just just doesn't work for
them do I blame the people or do I say
I've designed a system that is terrible
because it fails half of the
time for some reason we've decided to
blame the people it's the dumbest
analysis ever oh marriage is great but I
guess all the people are broken yeah 50%
of the whole world is broken no
your system is broken if your system
can't satisfy even half of the people
who use it that is a complete broken
system I only see one one way
out people are going to volunteer maybe
as their career they might get paid for
it to just have babies for strangers or
maybe people they know but I I think
people are just going to have babies for
other people and it'll be just a
business because the alternatives are
all worse there's a story that RFK Jr
has admitted that at some point he had a
parasite in his brain some kind of a
brain worm and it ate part of his
brain you
know I did not see that
coming but uh how do you feel about your
democracy today that you believe you
have that I tell you hasn't been around
for 50 years your your democracy uh just
served up three candidates you've got
Joe Biden whose brain is completely
toasted
you've got RFK Jr who says part of his
brain was eaten by a
worm and you've got president
Trump who is a certain age which you
know so far his brain seems to be fine
but he's a certain
age now if you scoured the entire
country looking for presidential
candidates how in the world could you
get three in a row three and a three who
were asking questions about the health
of their brain
how often do you have to ask about the
health of a brain in any other
context if I hire a plumber and the
plumber shows up do you know what I
never ask I wonder if that guy's got a
brain worm or maybe some dementia I
think maybe any minute the brain might
fail because of his age like you never
think that but somehow the system of the
United States coughed up three people
whose brains we have to wonder about
what one literally was a heroin addict
right and by the way I give I give
incredible credit to anybody who can
break addiction to me that's like the
ultimate test right you know that that's
really where the whole Free
Will things really come in comes into
Focus if you can break an addiction of
any kind and then better yet by the way
I like RFK Jr for this I love the fact
that he's not hiding it it's like yes I
was an
addict yes I had this brain warm judge
me judge me for my
actions that's fair but it was a weird
coincidence so many brain related things
are
involved I saw Adam Townsen talking
about the Tik Tock ban of which in the
early days he said in 2018 through 2020
he was a big advocate for Banning Tik
Tock but he thinks it's it's achieved
escape velocity but his other meaning is
too late um and then he says this and I
want to read his actual words this is
Adam Townsen you should follow him on X
if you're not
already um the way he describes the risk
of banning Tik Tock now so something's
changed since 2020 when he was in favor
of banning it and this is how he words
it he says the animating intentions of
the current ban are pernicious and the
bill will be imperceptibly and then
violently shifted to attack anything
hostile to the incumbent paranoid and
unstable political
regime well let me say this in uh
less precise words I I'll just summarize
it less precisely once they can ban Tik
Tock and control it it's probably just
to control Free
Speech it's just another way to ban free
speech and if they make it easy to do on
on Tik Tok
it might make it easier to do it on X
now he's completely right about this and
I don't know if you've noticed my own
thinking on the ban of Tik Tok has
shifted have you noticed that or not I'm
not sure if I've communicated that
clearly I'm still in favor of banning it
because I think the worst case scenario
or Banning it or transferring it because
I think the worst case scenario was that
China can just push the button that's
the worst case scenario so the next
worst case scenario is that the United
States owns it it becomes a Us app and
it becomes a controlled commun
Communication channel like all the rest
in the it is weirdly possible that Tik
Tok might be the only place Americans
can get free
speech did you hear that it's weirdly
possible it's not the case at the moment
because X still has Free Speech but it's
possible that Tik Tok would be become
the last Bastion of free speech for
Americans but that would be critically
dangerous because it means that China
could just push the button you know in
that 1% of the time that something
matters to them 99% of the time they
just let us think we had a free speech
platform and it was all good but 1% of
the time they'd be like you know if we
just tap this button a little bit we
could really change things over there so
that's way too
dangerous but townzen is completely
correct when he says that the motivation
for Banning it now is all the wrong
motivation it really is because Israel
didn't like where it went can we agree
on that that that's fully transparent
wouldn't you say that the the Hamas
support on Tik Tock is the only thing
that's going to kill it if it gets
banned or is forced to sell to an
American entity it will be because
because Israel didn't like
the Free Speech the way it came out now
I don't know if Israel didn't uh I don't
know if China pushed the button you know
the heat button to make the Hamas
protests bigger than they would have
ordinarily been I don't know but I don't
want to have to wonder about
it so take uh take Adam's Adam Town's
criticisms to heart but I'm still I'm
still leaning toward uh ban it or move
it to America cuz I'd rather have
Americans control it even if they're
corrupt it's a slightly better risk but
I understand it's not a good good
play
meanwhile uh I was looking at the amuse
account and this these are the amuse
accounts words not mine right on a post
uh Boeing admitted that his Dei hires in
South Carolina falsified 787 inspection
records as a result the FAA has opened
yet yet another investigation into
it well I don't think it's fair to say
that their Dei hires are the reason that
um there were 787 falsified inspection
records because we don't know that I
mean we don't know that it was some
specific set subset of employees we do
know that Dei as it's
designed should cause massive
incompetence in every major
corporation it should because uh
regardless of anybody's you know
abilities and without any regard to
anything about genetics or culture or
any of that if you're forcing people to
to select from the same limited pool of
applicants and people need to hit their
goal of diversity they're going to hit
diversity even if they have to pick
lower quality applicants and that's
guaranteed that they do because there
just aren't enough in the pipeline so
the massive incompetence of all of our
major corporations is guaranteed by Dei
and indeed the entire destruction of the
country is
guaranteed by the design of Dei because
we can't really suffer a you know a 30%
decrease in
quality but that's exactly what will
happen you know it it'll be massive and
by the way you've all noticed it right I
think every one of you has noticed a
massive competence decrease in everybody
you deal with and it's probably Dei now
just to be careful I'm not saying it's
black people I'm not saying it's lgbtq
people I'm not saying it's I'm not
saying it's women in jobs it's nothing
like that it has nothing to do with the
capability of an individual it just has
to do with numbers if everybody's
fishing in the same Little Pond you run
out of fish that's all it's just a
running out of fish problem it's not
about anybody's
genes so I think it is both uh
overstating it because we don't have
direct evidence that Dei hires are the
reason that Boeing is falling apart
allegedly but what we can say is if Dei
has not yet destroyed Boeing it's
guaranteed to is that
fair if Dei is not the reason that the
whistleblowers are forward and there's
all these problems if it's not and we
don't have direct evidence that it is
you can guarantee that it will there
isn't any anything else that could
happen given the design of the system it
guarantees
it
so um the state of Texas and the daily
wire and the federal Federalist using a
little lawfare of their own to good to
good uh effect um have prevailed in the
sense that the government was trying to
drop their case against the federal
government for the censorship massive
censorship um complex that was built by
the Biden by the Democrats basically so
if you're not aware uh a massive
non-government web of companies were
funded by this big web of people
connected to Democrats in and outside
the government and that big web of fake
um entities you know fake Watchdogs and
fake fact Checkers and basically it
created created a
censorship uh massive entity and
apparently the daily W daily wire and
the Federalist believe there's enough
evidence to show that they were harmed
by the censorship regime and I imagine
they were because the censorship would
have decreased the traffic to those
entities and if they can prove that
their traffic was uh repressed and doing
so was a violation of the con
Constitution and I think they
can holy
cow holy holy cow now I don't think any
of this will be completed before the
election maybe somebody can help me on
that I don't know the timeline for any
of this but Trump's thirdd Act is
looking really good really really good
because part of what Trump would allege
is that the system is rigged and it
looks like this case case uh will cause
a bunch of disclosures and you know the
government will have to give up
information to prove their
case and then the other side can request
information we're going to find out
about this massive State Department
suppression of Americans right to free
speech as they say and there's an
organization called the ncla I guess is
handling this um so there a legal entity
of some kind that's pressing these
lawsuits all right so that is insanely
good
news I don't know how that's going to
turn out but nothing could be more
positive for Trump than having this
trial
going that
will presumably surface information that
the Biden Administration is completely
corrupt and has been violating your
right to free speech for a long time in
the in the grossest possible ways
Chris quomo making some more news um
saying that he has long covid and he's
taking ivkin for it and he had blood
work apparently his blood work showed a
bunch of little micr
clots and he's pretty concerned about
his health and I sounds like he should
be but here's the interesting part he
says he's not he's not apologizing for
as shaming people into taking the
vaccines I think the argument there is
that he was pushing the government's
best information
so the government might have some
explaining but the people who believe
the
government I think I would give them a
little bit of a break honestly I know
you wouldn't I know a lot of you are
like they should have known the
government was wrong I don't know I I
feel like they had good
intentions maybe bad
execution but I don't really
like demonizing somebody who was trying
to do the best thing they could for the
public in the way they thought would
work best you might disagree with it but
I don't know if demonizing that person
makes sense right so you know just just
consider whether it's about the
individual in this case I don't think
it's about the individual I think it's
where the individual worked and the fact
that we had a situation where people
were guessing trying to do their best so
I told you for at the beginning of the
pandemic there would be horrible
mistakes made and I told you from the
start that I was going to be forgiving
of those mistakes because I didn't think
that anybody was smart enough to get it
all right he did not get it all right he
would tell you himself but does he
deserve an to apologize for that I don't
mind that he doesn't I don't mind that
he doesn't
actually I do have a question how he
knows it's long Co and not long vax is
that what you're
wondering how how does he know it was
the co that caused this problem and not
the vaccinations
themselves I don't think that can be
known can
it so that's a
mystery um open AI is allegedly creating
a search engine which would be a direct
competitor to Google it must be nice to
become instantly worth $80 billion
dollar or whatever they're worth uh that
they can do something at that scale
because what kind of servers do you need
to compete with Google
don't you need to build like just
enormous Data Center capacity because
you need it for AI but then if you're
going to compete with Google you need it
doubly so it looks like open AI is going
to be creating the most massive
structure of
computing that the world has ever seen
and Google of course will be trying to
keep up and and lap
them so here's what I say is there any
chance given what we know about the
government trying to control information
is there any chance that open AI is not
already completely penetrated by the CIA
and is there any chance that if open AI
created their own uh search engine that
it would not be as corrupted as
Google now I have no information to
suggest that open AI is you know bending
to any intelligence agency Force but how
can it not in what world would the CIA
be able to keep its hands off of this
it's sort of their job to to get in
there and control it it's kind of what
they do so I would say there's no chance
that we will ever have search engines
that are free from government thumbs I
just don't think that's the thing it'll
it'll never happen in our I can't
imagine it happening in any kind of
reality RFK Jr is saying directly and
loudly that the presidential polling is
fake and he's offered to show president
Trump exactly how it's
fake that so he's saying that the polls
showing that Biden uh is competitive are
completely fake so he he he hired
zogby who uh has a reputation as the
largest and most accurate
poll uh of this election cycle according
to I guess probably zogby um but zogby
did his internal private polling and had
K Jr easily beating uh both Biden and
Trump in a head a head-to-head
competition
zogby the most reliable according to
zogby uh has RFK Jr winning flat
out and he says he can tell you how the
other polls are
fake do you believe it now here's the
trick here's the trick
the the regular polls only show a
two-person race Trump and Biden or
they'll show a threepers or multiple
person race the regular pollsters
typically don't poll what if Biden ran
against RFK Jr that's not something they
poll but RFK Jr did and it was exactly
the right question so this is one of the
strongest the strongest arguments he's
made I think
and he's offered to debate um Trump do
you think that Trump should debate RFK
Jr no he should
not no no nope because you know what
would
happen what if Biden gets a medical
problem and drops out you you don't want
Trump promoting RFK Jr from third place
to second place because then he's
competitive no Trump has to do exactly
what RFK Jr expects him to do he he has
to not debate with RFK Jr alone he he
has to skip that because that would just
be good for RFK Jr it would not be good
for Trump so
strategically Trump is going to have to
uh decline a one-on-one contest with RFK
Jr it's kind of brilliant because they
both win in a way
so you know Trump will win by saying no
because presumably he won't do it he's
smart enough not to do it um and RFK Jr
will win by having made the offer and
having it turned down it's really good
politics yeah RFK
Jr no matter what else you want to say
about him you know everybody's got their
pluses and minuses but no matter what
else you want to say about him he's
really good at this
stuff he's really good at it f finding I
mean the fact that he's found so many
wedge issues into this race and he's
found so many ways to find a crack in
the door and you know crawl under the
the door jam and around the corner and
over the wall it's kind of impressive
just watching him
operate makes me confident that he can
operate that he can get a thing done and
understand how to do it and follow
through and so he's doing an amazing job
of uh of campaigning
uh I should tell you today that I'm
going to be um on a podcast with his VP
Choice Nicole Shanahan it's a general
General topics so it won't be so much
about politics I think maybe a little
bit um so that's just full disclosure
I'll be having that conversation later
today I think it's recorded I'll tell
you when it's
available
um Jen saki says the hill is reporting
this this is hilarious that uh the
problem for Biden's campaign is that
Trump's hush money Cas is getting all
the
attention do I even need to add anything
to that story so one of the top
Democrats voices
anyway is saying that uh it's bad for
Biden that Trump is in uh so many court
cases act
three I I'll tell you this could not be
better for Trump at this point because
his cases are all falling apart I'll
talk about that all right so the
maralago Box gate trial has been
postponed indefinitely judge Canon um
some will say that she's in the tank for
Trump she says she's postponing it
because there's so many pre- and sip
emotions so a whole bunch of technical
things have to be handled there's not
enough time and she can't even
reschedule it because since you don't
know how long that will take and and the
election is coming up and nobody thinks
that after September anybody's going to
want Trump in court it would just it
would be too unseemly I mean it's
already unseemly but if if they've
gotten in court like a week before the
election nobody's going to be happy with
that right that that's going to be way
too
far so the judge has uh put that on uh
hold it seems to me that some of these
motions must have something to do with
the prosecutor
Jack Smith and admitting that um I'm
going to say that some of the evidence
was falsified but that might be too
strong there he has admitted that things
that the state claimed were not
true that's not exactly the same as
intentionally falsified but he has
admitted that they presented evidence
that he says was not true and they they
showed photographs of what looked like a
bunch of classified folders on top of
the documents staged
photo the the classified um covers were
not part of the boxes they were brought
in by the FBI and then Jack Smith says
oh they were just placeholders we you
know keep things and somebody took a
picture of the
placeholders oh maybe maybe but it sure
looks to me like the whole thing is fake
in the
setup anyway so that's actually case now
let's talk about the stormy
case uh the stormy hush money case has
everything it really has
everything we've got a uh got a witness
named
pecker we've got uh Thorn
star we've got gag
orders gag
orders and uh I'll tell you in a minute
that there was no erection
interference so here are some of the
things we found out from uh stormy's
testimony uh that Trump said that he
slept in different bedrooms from
Melania let me give you some context for
that roughly 50% of everybody who can
afford it sleeps in a different bedroom
from their
spouse because one of them usually
snores uh I remember being at a a party
with a bunch of you know uh just up
skill Suburban people who all had extra
bedrooms they all lived in homes in
which if you wanted to there was a guest
bedroom and the and somebody brought up
that they can't sleep with their spouse
because it's snoring and immediately
everybody confessed yeah yeah we have
separate bedrooms yep snoring snoring
separate bedrooms yeah look in the
comments you'll see in the comments
people are saying yep separate bedrooms
now the separate bedrooms doesn't mean
there's anything wrong with your
marriage everybody who talked about it
was happily married
they just said I can literally not sleep
when I've got that fogor horm going next
to my ear which you can understand since
I'm one of the fog
horns I'm pretty sure that I had no
chance of ever having a successful
relationship because I couldn't sleep in
the same bed well well I mean I did but
it would just ruin the life of the other
person in the bed you can't really sleep
next to a snorer it's you just can't and
I understand that I don't really know
know how anybody could have a successful
relationship without spending the
evening in the same bed right I mean you
can do your business and then go to bed
separately but it's not the same it's
not even close to the same so I don't
that's I think snoring might be one of
the reasons that the uh the birth rate
is low if people stayed married longer
they'd probably have more kids I think
wouldn't they and the snoring is an
absolute killer for relationships
absolute killer get a seap yeah yeah get
a CPAP and that'll really help your
relationship are you kidding you see
somebody in a CPAP once you never want
to him again sorry that's just the
way it is I don't say that's good I'm
just telling you that if your spouse
sees you in a seap they'll never want to
have sex with you again so deal with
that
anyway some of the details were
delightful he was 60 she was
29 uh she said that she went in his
bathroom and looked through his toiletry
bag found the gold nail files Old Spice
she mocked him for wearing his silk
pajamas cuz he looked like you half
nerve so he changed his clothes they
talked for a long time and apparently
enjoyed it and then she she had to drop
in these little prejudicial
things so she said that there was a
power IM balance H why'd she have to
drop that into this case what's that got
to to do with his accounting because the
case is about accounting whether he
accounted for the hush payments
properly so did we need to know that she
felt there was a power imbalance and he
was a he was a big guy and he and he had
a guard at the door outside so there's a
power imbalance did she did she not pick
up on the power and balance before she
went to his hotel
room because she said she regretted it
and it makes me wonder let's see she's a
famous porn star and a famous
billionaire playboy invites her at night
to his hotel room and she says
yes I'm
sorry I feel like you got to take a
little bit of responsibility either that
or go back to using
Bumble
but anyway so she said that she didn't
fight him so she's not claiming she's
not claiming she was raped she's just
saying it was a a rapy kind of situation
and sort of the atmosphere and sort of a
you know a way that you could imagine
the thoughts of the power IM
balance have I ever told you that the
Democrats make all of their complaints
out of
words it's all out of words either you
get either you think you got raped or
you
didn't you can't say you didn't think
think you got raped but you know power
and balance and you know just the way
trying to make something out of nothing
now I'm not saying that's nothing by the
way I'm not saying it's nothing I'm just
saying I feel like that wasn't
appropriate for a uh an accounting
problem a little too much information
but here's my favorite part she she
claims she blacked out during the sex
but she was not inebriated in any way
so she wasn't drunk she wasn't on any
drugs Wide Awake claimed she blacked out
during the sex
itself you know what that means
right it means that first of all she
didn't resist so there was no erection
interference but secondly because she
blacked out during the sex and she was
not
inebriated could it be said that Trump
 her brains out
because normally you don't get to say
that you know normally that's more of a
you know
hyperbole but if somebody doesn't have
drugs and they black out during
sex I would call that your
brains
out just by definition
really and uh here was my take after
listening to all of the todry details I
want to do a little check with you just
see if anybody had the same impression
by the time stormmy was done with all
the todry details and and by the way
didn't she say that she might vote for
him can somebody confirm that did she
say she might vote for
him I'm getting
right
so here was my overall take after
hearing all the details from stormmy
Daniels I like Trump better does anybody
have the same impression I just like him
better after hearing all these details
and I'm trying to figure out why exactly
but first of all the encounter was very
normal basically everything about it was
two human
beings doing human being stuff you know
they happened to be special human beings
but they were just two humans doing
human stuff so that part I don't know I
felt a little connection to just the
humanity of it even though it's a
unusual situation
secondly there's something about
learning that Trump is exactly who he
thought he was that is weirdly
satisfying in other words if you were
inclined to like Trump at all so if you
were a little bit prot Trump even just
politically the more confirmation you
get that Trump is exactly the Trump you
think he is and he never hit it and I
give him credit for that when he ran for
office he said I'm No Angel you use
those words we knew what that meant I'm
No Angel we all knew what that
meant there was never any mystery about
who who this guy was but once you hear
the
details I just kind of liked him
better I didn't find anything to to not
like I like the fact that he had
allegedly I don't even think it's true I
like the fact they had Old
Spice in his toiletry bag
I I don't know is anybody having the
same reaction though that somehow it
humanized him it it didn't hurt him a
bit they didn't lay a glove on
him yeah now the uh I guess the Trump
lawyers doing their job they you know
they objected to the details of it and
then the judge said well maybe I
shouldn't have let her say all those
things but then he blamed the defense
for not objecting
enough he he said it's your fault for
not object objecting enough but you know
there I guess there's also a thing where
if you're the defense you don't want to
be over
objecting because that that becomes its
own problem so I guess they called their
they called their shots to object a
little bit but then they left open their
right to appeal later by lodging their
complaint that it was prejudicial so I
guess you have to say it's prejudicial
in order to um retain your right to
appeal
later anyway that story is All Pro Trump
even if it's
not um okay let me let me give you
this this might be why I like it I like
the the humanizing part of it like I
said but there's another part that
really really bonds me to
Trump that he's shrugging off the
embarrassment of
it he's just he's just pushing through
it he's just shrugging it
off and watching him shrug off what
would normally be the biggest
embarrassment anybody could ever have in
their
life is weirdly
freeing it's
freeing watching him push through this
is
actually exciting
it's actually
exciting I love it I love that he's
looking right down the barrel of the
gun like it's like they they aimed a
cannon at his head and he took the
cannon and said watch this and he pushes
his head inside the cannon go ahead go
ahead and they don't know what to
do he's here he is talking about his
Free Speech this is a post from True
social
it's a long
one but I'm going to read every part of
it because they're trying to take his
free of speech so they're gagging him in
a way that could only be seen as
unconstitutional there's there's no
other way around it it's pure lawfare so
because they're trying so hard to censor
him I'm going to do what I wouldn't
normally do I'm going to read every word
all right here's every word from Donald
J Trump post from True social it is a
really bad feeling to have your
constitutional right to free speech such
a big part of uh life in your country so
unfairly taken from you especially when
all the SAS bags low life and grifters
that you oppose are allowed to stay say
absolutely anything that they want it is
hard to sit back and listen to lies and
false statements be made against you
knowing that if you respond even in the
most modest fashion you were told by a
corrupt and highly conflicted judge that
you will be put in prison Maybe for a
long period of
time this fascist mindset there we
go there we go this fascist mindset is
all coming from DC it is a sophisticated
hit job on crooked Joe Biden's political
opponent me judges engeron and Kaplan
also of New York are equally corrupt
only in different ways what these thugs
are doing is an attack on the Republican
party and our once great nation itself
our first amendment must stand free and
strong Give me liberty or give me
death there we
go fourth
gear ladies and gentlemen fourth
gear little earlier than I
expected I thought maybe June would be
fourth
gear but uh Trump just shifted into
fourth
Give me liberty or give me
death nobody thinks he wants to spend a
day in
jail but he just signed up for
it he just signed up for it everybody
knows he does not want to spend five
minutes in that smelly dangerous jail of
any kind but uh he just put his head
right down their can and said go ahead
go
ahead how much do I love this I can't
can't even count the
ways but I will give one bit
of
advice you called it a fascist
mindset go
further you need to make the case that
they are stealing your
democracy stealing
democracy can he give any examples yes
he can I told you that the
um the federal list and the daily wire
are going to court to show that the
government has through a massive
campaign of external events and
funding intentionally tried to destroy
free speech in the United States Trump
needs to be the champion of that meaning
champion of making that right Free
Speech has been taken from us and has
been taken from the president is anybody
else worried about their free speech
away well let me tell you this little
story about the Gallup
CEO Jim Clifton he so he's the CEO of
Gallup major polling organization right
and he backtracked on claims he publicly
said that uh the job numbers under Obama
were a big lie but now he's backtracked
that and he said the reason is quote um
I think that the number the number that
comes out the Bureau of Labor Statistics
and the Department of Labor is very very
accurate so he went from it's all made
up to it's very very accurate and then
he goes on and he said this on CNBC he
said quote I I need to make that very
very clear so that I don't suddenly
disappear I need to make it home
tonight he wasn't
joking that wasn't a
joke do you get that
he's the CEO of gallop he knows what's
real and he just told you that he had to
lie to you to your face so that he can
make a home
alive he's basically a hostage who's
blinking to you in Morse
code he's a hostage who's
blinking to you in Morse code as hard as
he can they got me they got
me re read the room he's telling you
directly and you're watching Free Speech
being taken away from Trump and in the
daily wire and Federalist case you're
seeing it taken away from you and us
free speech is completely under attack
by the current fascist regime
regime are they are they literally
fascist yes literally the definition
they're working with big companies and
entities to suppress
you all right so what
else um apparently Biden is trying to
take the f-16s away from Texas and other
states saying that they want the federal
government to be the only one who has
these uh powerful war jets does that
make you feel
comfortable shouldn't looks looks like
they're taking your freedom away to me
because I want my state to have a jet
just in
case I think Texas wants to keep a few
Jets just in case
is it because Texas wants to conquer the
country with their Jets no it's because
Texas wants to stay
free it's your freedom they're coming
after your freedom they're trying to
take your jets away in in uh your state
they're jailing political opponents the
January 6 people they're jailing people
for free speech in Canada that'll
probably come here or at least they're
trying to they're uh taking away your
second amendment rights Biden is very
clear about he wants to reduce your gun
rights and they're taxing you without
representation now you might say to me
Scott I have representation that's what
Congress is no it isn't no we do not
have represent representation in
Congress because if you asked 100% of
the representatives would say no we
should not run up the
deficit so where's your
representation every one of you wants to
deficit not to be run up and they're
going to run it up every one of you
wants something every one of you wants
the right thing and every member of
Congress wants it too it's not going to
happen so where's your
representation you have no
representation if you had representation
there would be no deficit
because we don't want it even the
representatives don't want it so if we
had any kind of a system where the the
will of the people was represented
through their representatives we
wouldn't have
it
so Mr
Trump allow me to make this
suggestion they are stealing your
democracy you got close saying it's a
fascist mindset go at it directly
they're taking your freedom they're
taking your freedom of speech they're
taking your guns which is the only thing
that can protect your freedom of speech
they're taking your Liberty in every way
they can take it
they're putting uh they're turning the
schools into victim versus
victimizers they are ruining every
element of society and in every way
reducing your
freedom when you work against the
meritocracy you're working against
freedom because if I worked hard and did
everything to develop my skills and I go
into a job interview and I can't get it
because the government said you need
some
Dei they took away my freedom
in in a in a way so we have a massive
massive attack on the Constitution and
the freedom and I don't think Trump's
saying enough about it he's talking
about his own situation but he needs to
generalize this he needs to generalize
his situation because as it turns out
what they're doing to him from the fake
news to the law fair to maybe fake
elections um is just a subset of what
they're doing to the rest of us it's
just it's like a perfect example of
what's happening to the rest of
us all right
um democratic convention is going to get
wild protesters going to be
there again this is so positive for
Trump imagine the Democrat um convention
just being totally overrun by Hamas
supporters it's just going to be wild uh
meanwhile uh funny Willis the philton
County DA who was Prosecuting Trump for
one of the
cases said that she would not be
testifying before a republican LED
Georgia State panel that asked her to so
she's not a big fan of the
law surprise so that looks like
lawfare which it is Colombia has
canceled their graduation ceremony
because they're a bunch of cowards and
they can't keep everybody safe uh but
let me tell you I was watching CNN last
night for the
laughs not a joke I hate to use the Joe
Biden phrase not a joke not a joke I
actually watch MSNBC and CNN for the
laughs because it's it's so absurd the
things that they're telling Their
audience I just laugh the whole time but
I turned it on and they had a uh a legal
expert on and the Chiron on the bottom
described the expert as a lecturer from
Columbia Law School
and I immediately reached for my phone
to take a picture of the screen because
I thought it was funny because it's
funny that CNN would have somebody from
Columbia Law School you know once we've
realized that Columbia is not really a
let's say a badge of
honor now I'm sure that the woman they
add on is fully qualified it's just
funny that Colombia has destroyed their
brand so Thor
that I took it as a punchline that she
put it on that was part of her resume
that she was a lecturer at Columbia as
soon as I saw I was like haa you're a
lexur at Columbia I remember when I used
to think that would be a good
thing uh meanwhile the CIA uh head named
Burns what are the what are the odds
that the CIA had would be named Burns I
don't know seems like a weird
coincidence
um one of the CI heads before him was
named
Bush got the Burns in the
bush I know I feel like you can make a
joke out of that
somehow anyway my take on this is that
all the quote ceasefire news is just
fake news and it's totally dishonest and
I can't believe that all of the news is
trying to pretend that were right on the
edge of a ceasefire agreement no we're
not there isn't going to be a ceasefire
agreement Israel told you exactly what
they're going to do and nothing is going
to stop them now this is not me being
pro or con I'm just describing it we're
just observers it doesn't matter if you
think there should be a ceasefire it
doesn't matter if the protesters think
it it doesn't matter if our government
thinks it it doesn't matter if we
withhold some ammo which looks like
Biden's doing it doesn't matter if we
can cond demn them it doesn't matter if
we embargo them it doesn't matter if we
sanction them they told you what they're
going to do they're going to kill or
jail every militant member of Hamas
period no exceptions and they're never
going to let the locals run Gaza again
at least not the security aspect of it
now why would you doubt
them see the thing is that it's the only
answer from their perspective now again
I'm not getting into the IMM morality of
War all war is
horrible but from the perspective of
self-defense and what makes sense and
what can keep them safe in the future
they kind of don't have any choice I
mean there there's one sensible path
that might make things worse it might
but it's the only sensible path like if
if you just reconstitute the thing you
know doesn't work well you're
idiot right and and to imagine that the
Israel is going to be you know bowed
into or pressured into a
ceasefire no
way imagine if that happened in
America do you think Americans would be
would pull out before we were done with
the job or Russia or China or anybody
any other country no there's no other
country that would be asked to stop
before they're done under these
circumstances and and I do think that
they're getting extra pressure for a
variety of reasons so I would say that
all of the ceasefire stuff might be
theater more than anything I I don't
even know if the CIA imagined that they
could get a ceasefire but the funny
thing is that what Hamas
did Hamas is playing the new cycle well
so Hamas pretends that they're talking
about a ceasefire they make demands that
they know could never be
accepted then they announced that they
were accepted but nobody accepted them
and then they announced that somehow
Israel had canceled the
ceasefire so Israel having nothing to do
with anything I mean they're they're not
even considering a ceasefire not really
and Hamas and the United States are over
there creating their own little weird
reality where a ceasefire might be a
real thing and acting like Israel
somehow rejected it Israel wasn't even
involved they weren't even part of the
meetings it's all stupid you know there
will be no
ceasefire
well ladies and gentlemen I'm pretty
sure this is the finest podcast you'll
ever see in your life but it is coming
to a natural end and I will be talking
to the uh locals people for a few
minutes here and of course we'll have
the man cave tonight for locals
subscribers
um and so uh if you have any comments
this would be a time to make them and
it's great to talk to all of you and I'm
going to end the stream except for the
locals people that's my plan anyway I'll
see the rest of you tomorrow same place
same
time whoa that didn't
work see how about
this
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e