pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody
about in here what a beautiful sunny
incredible summer day it is at least
where I am I hope your mileage is the
same come on in here Donna Greg Tyler
grab a seat but more importantly grab a
container it could be a cup or a mug or
glass it might be a tanker to sign your
chalice could be a thermos maybe a flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite beverage I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure of
the simultaneous sip dopamine rush
coming now I like to shake after I have
a sip of coffee because that gets the
caffeine to all the limbs you need the
caffeine everywhere
I want caffeine in my fingernails damn
it alright let's talk about the debate
listen did you all see the debate last
night or did you sleep really it was
kind of the same thing so president
Trump I think did the best job of
summing up everything you need to know
about the Democrat debate part one
boring that was his tweet one word
boring it was perfect so if you're like
me and you watched it probably you are
thinking the whole time
hey what happened to all of their
charisma there's nothing interesting
happening on that stage why are they all
so boring why why can't I even care
about what they're saying why can't I
even pay attention and then the
president's tweet comes across boring
and you're like oh yeah
I remember what it's like to have a good
time suddenly suddenly I remember what
fun is like yay fun so and then the
president if you didn't see it as kind
of brilliant the president retweeted
another car paid on time meme too too
- mock MSNBC for it's bad production
values it's quite funny so we'll tell
you the winners and losers are and then
I'm going to interview Dale Dale the
anti-trump er about immigration but
first let's go through the names of the
people and I'll tell you who won and
lost all right first of all let's start
with Delaney Inslee and Ryan I can't
tell them apart I don't know I and I
kept looking up at the TV and looking
away because I'd be looking at my phone
and tweeting and stuff and so I look up
and there'd be some generic white guy on
the screen and I'd say Oh which one is
he is that Inslee or Ryan I don't
recognize these guys
and then I would wait for MSNBC to put
the name of the candidate under so we
could really get to know them associate
the face was the name and then they'd go
to the next question and I think uh okay
I just watched some guy whose name I
don't know say some stuff that wasn't
interesting about a topic I don't care
about who was he
and then the next one's odd so I would
say the people at the bottom did not
make much of a dent I will say however
that what's his name de Blasio de Blasio
seem to be doing his best Trump
imitation now I don't know if it's both
is the New York thing but he seemed to
be using sort of his size and in the way
he motioned and the way he sort of was
you know trying to take control with
just his physicality and his voice his
mannerisms and stuff but he wasn't quite
selling it because he doesn't have that
Trump x-factor that makes him
interesting it was like he had learned
the moves but he didn't have quite the
the musicality or something to pull it
off however I thought he was actually
one of the more
charismatic people on the stage it was a
very low wattage group but charisma wise
he did better than I thought I don't
think he has a chance I don't think he's
got I don't think he made much of a dent
but he performed well now let's talk
about some others Booker Booker got the
most talk time and he's always smart he
is
he's always you know he's sort of good
with words but there's something about
Cory Booker that just doesn't connect
and I take on him is that he he looks
like somebody who is pretending to care
now that probably describes everybody on
the stage and every politician to some
degree they are they all have to you
know part of the job is pretending to
care more than you really do that's just
part of the job but when I looked at
some of the other candidates they look
like they actually cared not every one
of them but several of them look like
they were genuine I'll talk about those
in a minute but Booker he looks like
he's in a play and he's pretending to be
a candidate and pretending to care and
his eyes have a lot to do with it yeah
the wide eyed look he has that wide eye
look just screams insincere because I
don't know if this is a really a thing
or if it's just something I feel like it
should be a thing but I feel like when
people are trying to convince me of
something that they don't themselves
believe they open their eyes I don't
know if that's the thing it's just
something I've noticed it may or may not
be but people who are telling you
something they believe have normalized
and people want you to believe that they
did not murder that victim the other
night tell you something like no I
wasn't even there I don't know what
you're talking about I was not murdering
the
victim it just screams instance here so
he's got that problem going for him
I thought Elizabeth Warren won the night
easily meaning that she she did project
sincere empathy possibly too much I
think you can go too far with the
empathy thing to the point where it look
makes you look weak she is right on that
borderline where a little bit more
empathy would make her look weak but I
don't think she crossed the line so I'm
gonna say that Elizabeth Warren actually
surprised me
on the upside meaning that her
performance looked powerful credible
smart confident passionate and in
control so I think she looked like the
front-runner of that group and she
carried herself that way and I think she
won the night quite easily which is
different from saying that I like her
policies or anything like that so I'm
just talking about persuasion wise
whether whether she did her job and I
think she did Castro who liam castro got
a lot of attention
he was the third most most time chewed
up talking and he did some interrupting
and stuff but he's got a real problem
with his physical size when you put him
on a stage with really big people I
think even the women were taller than
him on the stage and as much as we all
want to think that doesn't matter
every scientific study in the world
tells us oh that totally matters now I'm
not saying that you can't become
president if you're shorter than average
I'm pretty sure I could become president
if I tried but I it just was a terrible
look he didn't matter what he said his
physicality was just overwhelming but
you know your senses so I think he you
know if he might have some small pop
after
after that but I don't think he's gonna
you will not be the nominee Klobuchar is
interesting because I have really mixed
feelings about her if I were to say
who's the most reasonable person in the
stage the one who's least likely to have
crazy ideas I would say probably Club
which er she seems to have a track
record of working across the aisle she
she seems reasonable but she is not tell
again ik so remember I'm not talking
about policies today I'm only talking to
you about how people are going to feel
about the candidates because how they
feel about them is going to make a big
difference and so somebody said that
Budaj edge is short as well he is but
there's something about being gay that
protects them against that I don't know
what it is because if if they were I'd
have to think about why that matters but
there's something about Budaj edge being
gay that that just gives him his own
brand that doesn't make the physicality
as important but he is telegenic so he
looks good on camera stuck about
O'Rourke O'Rourke was an empty suit the
the fact that you know he couldn't wave
his hands and jump around I think really
hurt him because he seemed underpowered
he just he and and he didn't seem to say
anything that I remember so I'd say he
had a bad night tulsi gabbard
apparently she won the drudge poll
people on Drudge were voting in some
unscientific poll and she had the most
search results probably means just about
nothing I think it means that
conservatives liked her best so that
means nothing in terms of the primaries
because the Conservatives will not be
the ones voting for the primaries so I
think Tulsi Gabbard
didn't do anything to help herself
because she's a one-trick pony she has
basically one thing she says no matter
what the question is which is I served
in the military you know let's let's not
have any more Wars it's a great message
and I don't disagree with her on the the
general sense of that but she looked
lifeless and uninteresting and
one-dimensional I don't think Gail tore
that day all right
I think that's we talked about most of
them now let's talk about the speaking
Spanish thing if you are like me and
most of you probably are in this one
sense you don't speak Spanish
probably most of you watching this don't
speak Spanish if you're a US citizen and
you hear a candidate speaking a language
that's the national language of another
country what do you think well my take
on it was huh that doesn't feel like
he's exactly signing up to represent me
because I don't even speak that language
but I also would not vote against
someone or change my vote because they
could speak two languages when I can
only speak one so speaking Spanish I
think from their persuasion perspective
is something that made everybody you
heard it who does not speak Spanish say
to themselves
that's that's not speaking to me it's it
feels like it's speaking to literally
another country now I know he's speaking
to spanish-speaking people in this
country legal and illegal and I would
say that as a technique it totally works
somebody call it his pandering if you
just made that up in Solaris
yes pandering somebody probably said
that before the commenter did anyway so
here's my take on it before everybody
who spoke in Spanish last night I think
it was a good play I think it was smart
I think it shows that they've got a
little extra
going on I think you show some empathy
and I think it could maybe help them
with people who speak Spanish and I
don't think people who don't speak
Spanish are gonna hold it against them
so on a risk/reward basis as cringy as
it seemed to a lot of people nobody's
gonna vote against them for that I mean
I'm not gonna penalize somebody for
knowing two languages if I only know one
I'm not gonna say I sure don't want a
president who can do more than I can do
you know so you can't vote against them
but a few people might vote for him for
that so it was a good play the
immigration came up a lot well so what
one of the things that I was looking for
is what topics were of most concern they
didn't seem to talk about Trump too much
which was interesting and when they
talked about when they said what's the
biggest what country is our biggest
adversary or problem I guess the threat
and I think everybody said thought they
were gonna say China Russia Iran North
Korea whatever and some of them
mentioned China and Iran and North Korea
I'm sorry it's the only run mentioned
Russia China and Iran but they started
to get clever and say our biggest
problem
foreign problem is climate change and
one side Trump and at the end of it I
just didn't feel like I knew what
anybody wanted to do about climate
change except they're all really really
worried I mean I didn't see how they
hear anything that was different than
the normal blah blah blah on health care
the only thing the sounded knew was that
we saw that Warren and de Blasio are the
only ones who want to get rid of your
private health care that's gonna be a
tough sell so I don't think on a on any
issues basis I think the Democrats came
up empty on an issues basis they do have
issues you know health care immigration
but I didn't say any answers so speaking
of immigration I thought I would bring
on the anti-trump the anti-trump er
named Dale now if you haven't seen Dale
he looks a lot like me but unlike me
he's he's a big critic of the President
and he's sometimes he's good to
interview to find out you know to get a
deeper dive into some of these issues
for example I was watching all the
candidates talking about immigration and
they had very similar things to say
about the detention centers but I wanted
to dig in a little bit deeper and I
thought that Dale could help us Dale
Dale could you just come over here for a
minute
I just have a few questions for you
about immigration yeah it'd only take
about all right come over here hello I
am here to answer any questions you have
about immigration if it looks like I
have a hole in my tiny beard it's
because I do
it's a look I used to gauge my ears but
now I just gauged my beard so it's got a
hole in it what kind of questions would
you like to ask well Dale how do you
feel about the the border security the
way it's going you know do you think
things are going okay what could be
changed are you kidding me it's a
disaster the Trump administration is
killing babies at the border they're
putting children in cages it's the worst
thing in the world so Dale what should
we do what would you recommend Oh dah
dah close the detention facilities and
decriminalize it okay that's a start
Dale could you describe to us what do
you think would happen if we get rid of
the detention centers and decriminalize
it what do you think that would happen
what would the country look like if we
did that what would be the long term in
you know impact of that we
would get children out of cages are you
even listening to me
no I wear here's the part about the
children in a cages we all like that
that part seems good but would there be
any implication would there be any long
term I know the side effects of just
letting everybody who wants to come in
what would the country look like they'll
well there wouldn't be any children
sleeping in their own stuff that's for
sure but where would they be sleeping
and how many of them would there be do
you think they'll that if there were no
penalty for coming in the country and
everybody was were to be rewarded for it
how many people do you think would come
into the country all of them immigrants
are good immigrants are the power of
this country and I love immigrants and
the more of them that come the more
money we'll make well Dale I love
immigrants too and I agree immigrants
made this country and are awesome but if
it's up to the immigrants how many
people come in is there any risk we'd
get too many and maybe there wouldn't be
jobs for let's say African Americans who
are already here Hispanics who are
already here other minorities who are
already here would they suffer at all
I'd like to talk about other things now
seen the weakness with the immigration
ideas that are coming from the left or
that they're incomplete they are the
child's view of policy the child's view
says I want candy but what about dinner
you know you'll ruin your dinner a kid I
want candy so the child view completely
ignores half of every question the the
part about what's the long-term
situation you know how does that work
out yes the the goals versus systems the
the child's
the goal is I don't want anybody to be
suffering in the detention centers well
okay what system would you use to get a
better result
I don't want children in the detention
centers okay okay we hear that but what
would be that process the system as at
work describe for me what the country
looks like under your plan that's sort
of the kill shot for the Democrats who
who want to not have a control over the
border now let me put my own personal
Scott spin on this and tell you why I
could get elected president
if I were dumb enough to run the real
question on border control we're asking
the wrong question the question is who
should decide who comes in the country
that's the question because that's the
systems question what's your system who
gets to decide the Democrats I don't
think this is an exaggeration correct me
if I'm wrong the Democrats would like to
give that decision of who comes to our
country to other countries is that I'm
not overstating that am i they would
like the decision about who is an
American and how our borders are handled
to be decided by people who are not in
the country and don't vote people were
in other countries the Republicans want
the United States to decide what the
United States is who gets to command and
how the borders run now the United
States might do it wrong and they might
do a right and they might do it wrong
until they get it right but the big
question is who gets to decide and I
think you have to you have to solve that
first because there we're talking about
the right thing to do and the wrong
thing to do but we've passed the
question of who's whose decision it is
you have to decide who gets to decide
then you can start criticizing that
group for doing it right or wrong well
you know what are the long
consequences but until you decide whose
decision it is you shouldn't be talking
about the rest all right let's get the
system right
yeah the system that I like is that the
country that's that's being influenced
by immigration they should be the ones
to decide not the people in other
countries possibly the dumbest thing
I've seen in a long time is that the
employees at Wayfarer did a walkout to
protest that their company was selling
mattresses and beds or maybe just
mattresses to detention facilities and
the employees are saying we do not want
to be part of a company that supports
detaining children in these little
detention centers now management
management of Wayfarer to its credit
said we are a retail facility and we
don't make decisions about who's good
enough to buy our products now that's
you know I'm I'm putting it in my own
words but they essentially said there's
a pretty long retail what they call it a
sort of like a tradition they you don't
decide who's good enough to sell things
to you sell to people who have money if
you're gonna be a retail establishment
in the United States and somebody comes
in who is you know who has money you
don't say you're not good enough to buy
my product you'd be out of business
pretty quickly so to their credit the
Wayfarer Management has at least as far
as I know so far not yet caved to the
most destructive idea you might ever see
in in in an economy the idea that you
get to choose how good your customers
are and if they're not good enough you
won't sell them your stuff those people
did not study economics or much of
anything
and apparently you a Bank of America is
going to end its association with the
detention centers same problem Bank of
America do you get to decide who's good
enough
well apparently they've decided they are
going to do that I think that way is not
a good system now I heard something that
was they just blew my mind today I
didn't know this until I just apparently
it's the story most of you heard but did
you know that the Muller investigation
somehow either don't have or maybe they
lost a whole bunch of these Drock and
page text messages did do I have that
story right because I think the
president said that and I heard a report
on it and I didn't see anybody debunk
that is it true that a whole bunch of
text messages between struck and page
are missing because that's not good oh
my goodness you know I was
I've been strongly on the side of saying
that you can't you don't want to
over-interpret
text messages because you don't have all
the context and the text messages
between them and which they were talking
about the quote insurance policy was the
most damning language but I've been
cautioning you because we see us so many
times that it's very easy to imagine you
know the context and be wrong about that
if you look at the fine people hoax
that's you know a perfect example of
people thought they knew the context but
they didn't so that if you get the
context wrong you can actually reverse
the meaning and I I speculated at the
time that the insurance policy reference
was to the idea that the Russians might
have some influence over Trump and Trump
might get elected which would put Russia
in charge of the United States if if
Trump was a puppet so my interpretation
was well maybe it's the obvious
interpretation you need an insurance
policy meaning to investigate Trump just
in case it's true that there is some
there there because even they thought
that maybe there was nothing there
but they thought well insurance policy
you never know in just in case Russia is
running things now others of you
have said oh no no it's not that the
insurance policy is just a way to get
rid of Trump and the Russia things just
an excuse
maybe both of those interpretations
would be supported by the text we saw
and I was willing to keep my mind open
about that until I heard that many of
their text messages have disappeared and
then I say to myself that's a big
coincidence because I don't know how
often you know text messages of that
sort would be destroyed but it certainly
raises the flag I don't think you make a
conclusion either way but raises like I
heard Gowdy talking about how when
Muller talks to Congress this is going
to blow up in the Democrats face because
the questions that the Republicans are
gonna ask are going to be of the nature
of so tell us again why you didn't
investigate the you know the steel
dossier and you know I don't think Gowdy
sent it but I put my own spin on it
why Great Britain may or may not have
been involved you know there are a lot
of things that maybe he should have
looked into about you know about the
intelligence agencies and about foreign
interference through the Democrats so
those questions are going to come out I
don't think Mulder will be answering any
questions of substance but just the
country will have to listen to those
questions and the countries go say mmm
that's a good question all right let's
talk about climate change so I didn't
hear anybody mention nuclear did you I
saw nothing about nuclear when they
talked about climate change I guess they
still can't say that word because
there are too many Democrats who just
you know reflexively say oh no no I
can't talk about nuclear but if you ever
see one of the Democrats and actually
I'll bet Biden says it this would be an
interesting question for tonight so
here's what to look for with Biden if
Biden wants to win he's going to say
nuclear energy even if it's just in a
list you know well some of the things we
need to do or this a nuclear energy
biden would I think retain his lead if
he mentions nuclear energy and says that
you know it's obvious that it has to be
part of the solution and maybe the
biggest part so we'll say here's what I
would expect tonight I will be watching
this with you in life tweeting again I
would expect that Biden he has the
riskiest night so here's what I'd expect
I would expect Biden's polls poll
numbers to go down after the debate even
if he does okay because part of the
thing that keeps that keeps Biden at the
top is name recognition so just having
the debates will improve the name
recognition of everybody who's below him
Sanders of course doesn't eat it but the
rest of them will get something so what
I would expect is that if Kamala Harris
has even an average good day that she'll
take a bite and of the top two polling
leaders so I think you'll see Kamala
have a bump if she just does okay she
doesn't have to have a breakout night
she just has to look like she's solid
because I think Biden and Sanders are
gonna give up give up some votes just by
being exposed to other younger people I
think Biden's age will show I assume the
debates at the same time tonight as they
were last night and it's gonna be
it's gonna be interesting to see how
Biden performs at nine o'clock at night
and then you know it'll be 10 o'clock at
night while he's still going cuz I gotta
tell you after a certain age you do not
perform as well at 10 o'clock at night
so that the time of day of these debates
is actually pretty important and I would
expect that the younger candidates will
have better nights because they will
simply look like they're a little bit
more on the ball if sleepy Joe slurs his
words if he missed speaks if he names
that let's say that if he tries to name
the head of a another country and he
gets the name wrong or he has to search
for the name or a bungles name anything
he does that he missed speaks or looks
low or looks confused probably will take
him out of the race what are the odds
that Biden will do at least something
that becomes a highlight that makes him
look confused or slurring or not on the
ball or just says something that sounds
Biden and dumb what are the odds you
will do one of those things pretty high
right pretty high there's gonna be
something that looks a little bit
questionable now Bernie I think will
continue to look crazy and I would
expect that here's what I expect that if
Biden's numbers go down they're gonna go
to Connell Harris and too warm so I
think Warren and Harris will be the
beneficiaries of any reduction in
Biden's support that's what to look for
is there anything I haven't talked about
yet that you're dying to hear for me
and Biden will get adderall I got to
tell you I'm no expert but from
everything I hear if somebody if
somebody were to be on adderall it would
be a pretty
big advantage it's almost as if the
debates should have drug testing because
it's such an advantage oh I saw somebody
in the comments I criticized Komal
Harris by calling her heels up and I
guess that's was a James Woods who came
up with that
now the heels up reference is that she
slept her way to a good position with
Willie Willie Brown I think married at
the time blah blah blah you know what I
say it's the worst it really is the
least effective way to go after Connell
Harris because she's gonna be running
against Trump do you really think that
somebody's gonna say uh I think I'll
vote for Donald Trump because Carmel
Harris had that one one affair that time
I don't think so
right I don't think so it's it's the
least useful thing to say about Cobble
Harris is that she had an affair with
Willie Brown she's running against Trump
have you heard of Donald Trump have you
heard any stories you're not gonna get
any kind of traction by saying that she
you know that she had an affair one time
all right so that every time I see it I
just go I your waste of your breath it's
not here's the thing it's not funny you
know when you say heals up capillaries
it's not funny
it's not clever it's not useful it's
just something that everybody says so
maybe maybe you don't want to be that
person you know we can yeah I I like you
know I'm always amused by cutting and
cruel and inappropriate things said
about candidates because they make me
laugh but that one doesn't even make me
laugh at the very least it should be
funny and that's it's just not clever
enough not funny enough all right
anything else you want to know somebody
said truck didn't sleep his way to the
top well you know now that Harris has
been a senator I think you just have to
look at that and say okay it doesn't
matter how she got there
does it I mean she's either doing a good
job or not I just don't think that that
counts she flipped agree blah blah I
just look at your comments right now and
see if I yeah horizontal Harris you know
all of those attacks are bad reddit yeah
apparently the the reddit the subreddit
in other words the sub section of Reddit
called the Donald that's the the primary
place where people talk about Trump in a
positive way on reddit apparently they
got quarantined I don't know exactly
what that means in the reddit world but
it was something to throttle back their
influence so so here's something
interesting according to me so last
night I tweeted this but it kept it up
there for a second I went I went to go
on and do some tweeting oh my god it
disappeared that's weird oh there it is
so I went to do some live tweeting
during the democratic debate and so I
opened my phone and I went to my Twitter
app and the user interface for entering
a tweet was nonsense I don't know if you
can see it but can you see this so the
place where you would enter your tweet
was covered up by something something
else in the UX you know the user
interface so I couldn't make a tweet so
I get on there to go influence the
United States and probably say bad
things about
the Democrats and I opened up my primary
portal to the world and it didn't work
for the first time how many times have I
had this problem I don't never had I had
this problem at any time during the day
when I was tweeting all day long not
once but the very moment the Democrat
debates came on and I one of the more
prominent and you know likely to get
retweets kind of people talking about
the Democrats in likely a negative way
my tool became unavailable now I said to
myself that doesn't look like a
coincidence but I I just I rebooted the
app and then it was fine
so I asked myself okay was it a
coincidence or just a weird bug meaning
weird bug is it a coincidence and a
weird bug because it was so easily fixed
or was it not and my my best guess is it
was just a coincidental bug so if I if
you put a gun to my head and you said
Scott you must now make a bet your life
depends on it do you think this was some
intentional way Twitter was trying to
throttle your voice or do you think it
was just a bug in the app I would say
bug in the app far more likely to be a
bug in the app than they feels but
here's the problem every time something
like this happens to me or any of you
what do you say to yourself you say to
yourself I don't know I can't tell and
if you can't tell democracy is dead
because if you can't tell if your voice
is being intentionally or not
intentionally throttled then they can
throttle it anytime they want so in
other words the social media companies
already have the power
to determine who sees what and therefore
who gets elected if they don't use it
they've decided that whoever is leading
in the polls can go ahead and be
president if they decide to use it
they've decided that whoever's leading
in the polls is not going to be
President so even if they don't use the
power that they clearly have they still
get to make the decision does that make
sense to you whether they act or they
don't act they have the ability and it's
not illegal it's unambiguously legal it
also seems to be undiscoverable because
we haven't discovered it yet right I
mean in the sense we all know what's
happening and I think it's demonstrated
by the James O'Keefe stuff and other
things that we've seen we're all pretty
sure it's happening but because you
can't tell in any given instance whether
it's it it's a coincidence or this is
the time it's happening you're really
kind of helpless and you don't have any
mechanism to check there's just nothing
you can do about it except complain and
even your complaints can be throttled
even you're complaining can go away
right so I would say that we've reached
a point where we have to have a special
court force for social media
specifically to look at their algorithms
and and what things I suggest next and
those sorts of things so I think there
just has to be a social media algorithm
court now that would still leave some
possibility that the court could look at
the algorithm but then the real
algorithm is different I'd be pretty big
hole in the plan but if they were ever
caught doing that it would have to be an
enormous penalty I mean you'd have to
have a penalty and that would
essentially shut under the company the
the penalty should be that big it should
be put you out of business big
it should be that big if they were to
show the special court a different
algorithm than the one they actually run
in in real life so you need to make that
risk completely unacceptable somebody
says like the FISA Court well you'd have
to do better than that but certainly you
need somebody looking at it and you
probably need more than one judge so you
need you need some people know what
they're looking at and you need some
people who are on both sides of the
aisle very important all right
people saying courts cannot be trusted
well almost nothing can be trusted a
hundred percent yeah nothing can be
trusted 100 percent but you you want to
improve somebody says talk about Liz
Warren's voice I heard on Twitter some
people saying that Liz were and sounded
like their crazy ex-wife meaning in a
general sense not not somebody's
specific ex-wife and I don't hear it as
much as I heard it with Hillary Clinton
my take is that Warren is already better
than Hillary was at her best
so so at her best Hillary was never was
not as good as as Warren was even last
night Liz Warren is boring I thought she
had the most personality so she had the
most passion and the most personnel be
last night I don't think she can win
against Trump but you know the other
thing that she didn't have to deal with
last night is all the Pocahontas stuff
you know keep in mind that she when
she's Democrat and she's debating
Democrats they don't bring up the the
thing that's most embarrassing then the
whole Native American thing
but I don't know if that's gonna change
any votes I don't have that I don't have
a feeling that that'll change any votes
somebody's asking me about Andrew yang
yang I think could be a a breakout
surprise tonight
I think yang is the person most likely
to say something that gets they gets on
the news because he's the only one who
says things that are different and
interesting and provocative if you saw
his offer the other day he offered on
Twitter essentially a contest that for
people who retweet him I think or follow
him I forget you would give $1,000 a
month for 12 months and part of
promoting his idea for a universal basic
income which would be $1,000 so it was a
fairly brilliant move because I I think
he gained him a lot of Twitter users got
him a lot of attention brought attention
to his idea kind of liked it so if he
brings that up again tonight it will
probably be one of the one of the clips
that you see forever all right
that's not all I've got to say on that
and what's the latest on Bitcoin let's
see how Bitcoin is doing today Bitcoin
did go crazy and when Bitcoin goes crazy
let's see it's down at 11% today the the
when is fluctuating quite a bit and when
is down at the moment but it's been down
before
and up and down so we don't know what
that means but I will tell you that
there are so far three or four companies
who have texted me since yesterday and
they've put the they put through one
hell but button on their websites and
I'm going to talk about that in a
separate periscope but I want to I want
to get a screenshot of them doing that
and we'll talk about that so to those
who did that thank you I will be
promoting your your business separately
I won't do that today you
and I will talk to you all later
have a great day