bum-bum-bum-bum-bum
and suddenly a great calm fell upon the
internet because it was time for coffee
with the scott adams
without coffee evening edition yes
once again we meet here in this digital
playground where I will take your mind
and strange and wonderful directions oh
yeah you're gonna learn something your
your your body will be alive if I
oversold it yet well let me see let me
see if I can meet this lofty claim I in
the next in the next 60 seconds if
you're not enjoying yourself I lied so
that's that's my my promise to you and
the clocks already started in 60 seconds
you're gonna say okay that was kind of
fun that was kind of fun and I'd like to
bring in my special guest to help you
with some affirmations you might
recognize them it's true you are who do
we hear another mr. president you tip
you tear them down just be yourself
[Applause]
just like his does I would like to thank
John and Julie Mosley Mosley Mosley or
is it mostly you should really send a
pronunciation guide with your name John
and Julie because we don't know if it's
mostly mostly or Mosley possibly mostly
but I'd go with mostly if I were you
there is a weird and wonderful thing
happening you know timing is everything
I tweeted that there's a guy who's been
building his own trying to build his own
nor drive-in theater for ten years and
he's just about done and now it's time
for outdoor drive-in theaters so he
works on this thing for ten years and
when he's about ready to be done
suddenly the world really needs an
outdoor drive-in theater so you can't
there's nothing you could do that's as
good as getting lucky timing wise I
think I told you yes probably yesterday
or maybe this morning that I got lucky
with a stock pick there's nothing that
substitutes for luck all the preparation
in the world is not ever going to be as
powerful as luck now you can manipulate
your luck by going where there's more of
it I talk about that a lot but you can't
change luck itself you can simply go
where there's more energy more chance
for luck to find you you could certainly
do that so here's where I'm going with
this so in 2013 I wrote this book had it
failed almost everything and it made
sort of a modest impact but I don't
think it was the right time because you
know things were starting to look good
we're at we're entering a pretty good
period economically and I think people
didn't really think I need to really
shake things up or do things differently
as much but here we are now in these
uncertain times and people are asking
the question what do I do now what's
next and so I think that that's caused
some kind of a renaissance because
everywhere I go it seems people are now
mentioning this book and they're
mentioning two concepts from it the
talent the idea of the talent stack and
systems over goals and one of the ways I
tell you that you can you can tell if an
idea is going to be viral you know if an
idea is really going to catch on or grow
so that could be an idea or it could be
a product and the thing you look for is
always the same thing you look for what
people are doing with their physical
body
don't don't listen to their words you
know you can't read their thoughts but
you can watch what they do
their body so if somebody for example
writes a book that's based on my you
know ideas they're actually doing
something that's physical they're
writing a book if somebody passes around
makes a video so a number of people made
videos talking about the ideas in the
book and Tim Ferriss was nice enough to
give a big shout out when he was asked
you know what's the best somebody asked
him recently what's the best career
advice and he just gave my career advice
you know he he gave me credit for and he
wrote about me in his book tools for
tools of titans or for titans tools of
titans and now if you don't know the
name Tim Ferriss I mention him
specifically because he would be
probably the leading person right now in
terms of career advice so if he if he
chose to highlight what was in this book
it's pretty important so so I promise
you that I wasn't going to do just a
commercial like that I try to make sure
that if I mention anything that I've
done that has any kind of a price tag on
it
I would also give you some value and
here's the value there is never been a
better time to improve your talent stack
you still have time you've got it
probably a lot of you maybe you got
weeks more a month more and I'm hearing
every day I think I think today five or
six people told me that they changed
their life by changing their talent
stack or using systems versus gold
that's five or six people just today
told me it changed their life and they
use those very words by the way that's
not that's not my exaggerated version of
it the they they almost to a person they
say it changed my life turned my
business around that sort of thing so I
would say it's one thing to know that
there were some tools and it's one thing
to have the opportunity it's another
thing to have the opportunity to use
them that's kind of perfect I mean
this is the time there are a lot of
people are gonna merge from this thing
with superpowers and you could be one of
them let's talk about the this story is
so expected except by people who have
never done models I guess so the
Imperial College model that was the
prediction model that said there was
going to be dire consequences with the
coronavirus half a million people dying
I think just in Great Britain so as a it
was the scariest of the models and to
some extent it probably influenced the
the shutdown locked down strategies but
we don't know how much because you know
there was a lot of other information but
it was probably one of the bigger
factors people think and today we find
that their code was released so a lot of
people said hey you know given that
we're may be running the entire planet
based on this model do you think you
could do us a solid and show us the
computer code they that produced it what
do you think happened when the experts
looked at the computer code if you don't
know this story just gas just
 gas
what do you think happened when the
experts looked at the code now let me
read you a few comments and and if you
didn't know if you didn't know this was
true before you do it was true then you
didn't talk to somebody who's done this
kind of work in their real world let's
say here's a comment so experts have
derided the coding called it a buggy
mess that looks more like a bowl of
angel-hair pasta than a finely tuned a
piece of programming shall I go on
allow me to continue quote in our
commercial reality we would fire anyone
for developing code like this and any
business that relied on it to produce
software for sale would likely go bust
said blah blah some data expert
and then this is the best part
well I don't know if you'll fully
appreciate maybe you have to have some
experience with software to fully
appreciate this next part because it's a
little bit dirty but this is something
you don't want to hear about your
software quote they're not like Avery
this there appears to be bug and either
the creation or reuse of the network
file if we attempt to completely
identical runs only varying and that the
second should use the network file
produced by the first the results are
quite different so basically you can run
the same you can run the same
data through and you get a different
answer so then there's your cue there's
your prediction model that just
determine how to run the world and the
funny thing is the funny thing is there
there's a slice of the population which
I count myself in who have simply had
experience in this world we do
this I didn't have to see the code we
 do this
ya know examination of the the source
code necessary and I think I've been
warning you how long have I been warning
you alright I think I have a hypothesis
for a mystery that I've been doodling on
for a while and the mystery is this we
have so many so many states and so many
countries all with their own leaders
doing various different things to battle
the coronavirus wouldn't you say that
generally speaking it doesn't seem to
make any difference with the leader is
right because they all seem to be
somewhere in the range and and when
they're not in the range there's a
reason
you know like oh they got some old
people or you hit a nursing home before
they caught it but generally speaking
the mystery that's the the part that's
the mystery to me is it feels like
everybody's performing somewhat
similarly which makes me think that
leadership isn't a thing but here's what
I realized today here's my new
hypothesis try this out this is such a
unique kind of crisis that it's a
bottom-up leadership by necessity in
other words when when the experts come
to the leader of any country the leader
says I don't know what to do seriously I
have never managed a coronavirus crisis
tell me what to do
the experts then would go about the task
of telling the leader what to do but I
believe the nature of experts you know
generally speaking there will be
exceptions but the nature of experts is
that they probably coordinate and
probably it took very probably a very
short amount of time for all of the
experts in all the countries to check in
with all the other experts the World
Health Organization the CDC's you know
probably a lot of people checking in
with America to say all right we we
think we got this but what are you doing
let's just make sure you know is that
the same thing Europe's doing you know
what are they doing in China so what you
would expect because it was an expert
driven solution is that the experts
would be managing the leaders and not
the leaders managing the experts which
is a more typical situation in normal
business and normal government right
mostly the leaders are telling the
experts was solution to come up with but
but because this chorus off guard and
our leaders are not virologists or
anything like it I think leadership
became somewhat unimportant because the
leaders were all listening to the
experts the experts were all talking to
each other and so they had different
resources so some of them said we got
hydroxychloroquine we don't have
ventilator
you know so let's play it this way we've
got old people we don't let's play it
this way but it the coronavirus doesn't
seem sensitive to leadership and I think
that's why because it was a bottom-up
like a reverse leadership situation just
a theory all right here's my weirdest
new theory and as I say too often if you
if you have enough experience in
different domains which is part of
having a talent stack you can see the
world more clearly and there i've now
combined three of my experiences to see
one new thing more clearly and i'm going
to run this by you now you've heard of
vert you heard it early version of this
but this is a more complete version the
early version i wasn't happy with it
goes like this and first of all my
experience at the phone company and and
putting together basically digital
signals that crossed wires not not
personally putting them together but i
was in the lab and we're always dealing
with sending carrier signals across the
line so the carrier signal is just sort
of the baseline signal that gets
manipulated so that when you read the
manipulations of the other end you know
what got said but it's a carrier signal
and now as you know i'm learning to play
drums and you of course know that I
write about persuasion a lot well those
three things sort of came together and I
finally realized this let's call it
hypothesis the persuasion when you're
persuading other people has a carrier
signal meaning that there's something
that that connects people from a
distance you know could be in the same
room but at you know a distance from you
in the room and that thing is the
vibration but the vibration comes in
different forms it could be singing it
could be instrumental it could be music
it could be chanting it could be the
Pledge of Allegiance
it could be praying and all of those
things have the same quality which is
that people find the same
vibration if you look at a church for
example it's actually built for good
acoustic vibration so when the choir is
singing everybody in the church is
vibrating now is it a coincidence that
in every large organization where
persuasion is important they're trying
to get you to be let's say more
committed to the organization more
religious maybe more patriotic maybe
you've joined a cult maybe you went to a
concert and they're just trying to make
you like the act so you'll buy the
album's in all cases you're part of a
group that is being influenced by
vibration but the vibration here's the
fun part the vibration is not the the
influence the vibration is just setting
up the carrier signal so once
everybody's on the same vibration now
you can do the persuasion so it's really
just making the connection just like a
phone call the line is connected but you
still have to send something and the
sending can be the lyrics of the song it
could be the words of the Pledge of
Allegiance or the you know the national
anthem it could be whatever you're
chanting but I think it also could be
melody you could put melody on top of
vibration and by the way this is where
music comes in because it took me a
while to figure out that the beat of a
drum is actually just a vibration it's
just a slow one if somebody's singing
it's the literally the air is vibrating
at a higher rate but if you're beating a
drum pump pump pump it's still a
vibration it's just super slowed down so
it's all vibration and all of it affects
us the same way which is it just
connects you and you say okay vibrating
at the same same pitch same frequency
let's say as these other people and then
the persuasion goes right in it is not
it is not an accident that every group
that wants to I'm going to say brainwash
but it's not always for bad intentions
but they are trying to persuade
brainwash convince and once you see that
pattern
it's kind of amazing and that's also if
you ever noticed that music is better
when you're with your friends have you
noticed that for me the only music I
really loved in college was the music
that I saw somebody else enjoy at the
same time in the same room and until I
saw somebody else enjoy I didn't enjoy
the music and I think what it was is I
would see somebody else sort of matching
the matching the music and vibration and
between the music and the other person
then I would sort of you know match the
vibration as well so that too was just
persuasion I just didn't know it at the
time so those were my comments for today
does anybody have a question which they
would like to ask me just looking at
your comments here and by the way does
is anybody feeling better about the the
lockdown I mean other than the obvious
financial panic is anybody feeling that
we'll get past this stock crash what are
the odds of a stock crash you know the
stock market is I think completely
irrationally priced and yet rationally
irrationally priced it's the damnedest
thing because the by all by all accounts
the stock market should be lower but
it's a future it's a future looking
indicator so it's clear that the people
who have the money to invest believe the
stock market's going to be okay in the
long run so are they right here's the
here's the fun part it's not that
they're right or they're wrong it's that
they are making in so so the people who
are booing the stock market they're not
they're not just guessing that it will
be good they're making it good and so if
people keep the stock market high enough
all right it's lower than the high but
it's still still in that acceptable you
know
out of the acceptable range if you keep
it there then the people who own stock
are gonna feel like they can spend money
and pretty soon we're gonna really need
people to spend money to get things
going so as long as we keep that stock
market sort of even artificially high it
creates the opportunity for people to
spend in a way they wouldn't have if
they had been afraid that they were
losing their stock value somebody says
the stock marteze is priced for a Trump
win I think that's true yeah face masks
equals carbon dioxide is that another
story there are all these crazy stories
about your your face mask was going to
kill you and I I think it's just a it
it's just something about the fact that
there always has to be another side to
every story you know if the main story
was air is good you know if let's say if
you can imagine that tomorrow there was
some magic technology that cleaned all
the pollution out of there
like all man-made pollution and just
tomorrow just cleared it all out of the
air it would take about a week before
you'd see a story that says doctors
claim they're removing all the pollution
from the air is lowering your immune
spots because now you're just not used
to it now if you walk into a room that's
got a little bad air pollution in the
room well you're gonna get sick because
you didn't toughen yourself up with that
pollution so there's little there's
probably not anything but it won't be a
story on the other side so when I look
at the mass stuff I just think that of
course there's a story on the other side
but as well to stick with this as long
as it still makes sense to sneeze into
your elbow mask make sense that's it
that's the whole argument right there
any chance for a koala to be VP I think
so
although doesn't it seem like we should
have known by now I don't know what
Biden is waiting for there might be lots
of lots of maneuvering in the background
you
have to assume that people are trying to
figure out what to do in that whole
Biden situation the Sorento thing well I
I would put the sorrento claim of a cure
that's with emphasis on claim I would
demote that to sort of all the other
stories of things that might save the
day
I don't know that it has a special place
but it was it was promising for about a
day somebody says I have asthma is very
difficult wearing a mask yeah you know
what I'm expecting here's what I'm
expecting
I think this some day you can have
something like a mouthpiece or maybe a
mouthpiece that also covers your nose
that's just sort of like a mouth nose
thing and it'll have some electronics in
it maybe you'll have a far UV light so
that the air that's coming in and out of
your mouth is just actually disinfected
on the way in now and maybe we'll just
always wear them you just you just
attach it to your face and you'll just
breathe better well clean the air Oh
Snickers is old and jeez she's a little
Limpy today but she's been pretty active
I tried to make her not active but it's
hard
yes Stacey Avery was gonna be VP I don't
think so I think that would be the least
likely choice well Elizabeth Warren's
pretty unlikely Sorento never claimed a
cure well I will always say what the
what the news report sent the news
report reported that the CEO
specifically called it a cure so whether
that actually happened or that was fake
news well who knows have I found any
science of backing the masks well at
this point would you trust any science
about the masks they're the only thing
I'm completely sure of is that it blocks
droplets
if it blocks droplets and that's
basically the whole problem I think they
work can Mars be colonized by humans
inevitably you know I think the
colonization of Mars
you know Yulan musk is right there it's
not really a question of if who will
colonize Mars it's not really an if
question we're definitely gonna call it
as Mars it's just gonna you know how
long does it take vaccines so long shot
I think so
I think vaccine is still a long shot and
I'm a little puzzled by all the optimism
that's being shown but man do I love the
Trump plan of having the military
deliver it you know should we get one
that works that is just that's just such
a good show I just hope the military
doesn't mind doing it yeah I don't
imagine that they would mind given that
it would be saving lives but I wouldn't
want to use them for the wrong purpose
but it feels like the right purpose just
my own personal feeling about it
funniest book I've ever read
good questions probably maybe a Dave
berry book or forgetting the name yeah
maybe a Dave berry book back in the days
all right
um well Nikki hailey be in the new Trump
administration next round I don't know
Canada I don't know their relationship
really I think you definitely know how
they feel about each other
Mars is a looser planet somebody says
well so far they don't seem like winners
did you notice that the entire top left
of CNN was people who died I'm wondering
if there's going to be a lot of a lot of
old famous people dying just because of
this weird situation not necessarily
because they got coronavirus but it
feels like they're coming in waves now
don't they you know I'd said one of the
things
that young people are going to
experience is that because there are so
many famous people in the world and
those famous people are sort of you know
reaching the certain age that there
should be we should be reaching a point
where a famous person or three dies
every day just because there are so many
of them right isn't it inevitable that
we'll get to three or four famous people
dying every day not because there's more
death but because there's just so many
damn famous people what false flag will
be between now and November well you you
almost have to wonder if they're going
to try some Russia thing again because
man do they like their Russia pranks for
a false flag though good question
lots of opportunities I don't know hey
by the way have you seen Kim jong-un
lately I don't know how long we have to
wait before we see Kim Jong on my guess
is that he's still alive when we know by
now but it is funny that we're not going
to see him for a while
Florida is perfect weather to kill the
virus maybe so when am I getting married
to Christina we'll get married on May
2nd oh that's right it already passed so
we had to postpone our wedding date for
the obvious reason and we're just sort
of hanging loose to see what's what
because you know you can't really make a
wedding plan I mean unless well unless
you did it next year or something so I
think we want to do it as soon as it's
safe and practical but we don't know
when that is yeah I could see you like
must getting a spaceforce contract yeah
baby good day man I can't believe
Ruth Bader Ginsburg is hanging in there
she is she is a trooper and it makes you
wonder how much she's actually
participating in the decisions you know
she probably has clerks that are doing
the heavy lifting but you know does it
make sense for her still to be on the
job I just don't see how that makes
sense my guess on Kim was different
well my guess my guess on Kim so remind
me my guess on Kim was that he was I'm
trying to remember how many times I
changed my opinion on that all right
somebody's got to remind me but the
longer you go you know you have to
modify your opinion but five years let
me let me stick by this I don't think
he's healthy and I'm remembering my
opinion now so here's my opinion my
opinion is that the video and the photo
could well be faked which is different
from saying he's dead or alive but if
it's faked it would at least mean he
wasn't doing well so there is a
certainly a possibility a strong one
that he's you know he's not conscious or
in control or probably not dead though I
feel like if he were dead we'd know it
but if he is just not in control and
maybe he's sick and they don't know
which way it's gonna go that might be a
reason to throw us a little fake video
buy a little time see how it plays out
and we might be in that phase but I
would just put percentages on it at this
point I don't think you could say he's
dead or life yeah Phyllis George died at
70 today which is way too young you know
for those of you are young wait till you
get to the the age where all the people
in your age are dying every time you
turn around yep somebody exactly your
age died I'm not
but eventually that's gonna happen
alright I don't have much else to say so
I'm gonna nd here keep it short and
sweet and I hope that I talk to you
again soon and I will see you in the
morning