[Applause]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and I'm pretty sure you've
never had a better time in your life but
if you'd like to take this experience up
to levels that'll well it'll make you
tingle in places that I can't even
mention uh well all you have to do is
get yourself a copper mug or glass a
tanker chel orstein a canteen Su or
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
of the dope and be head of the day the
thing makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and it's
going to happen right
now ah you've been
culated now we're going to do a little
uh lag test if you don't
mind uh I'm going to do test on both the
uh YouTube channel and over on locals I
want to see what the lag is between my
comments and your
response I'm going to say an unusual
word and the first person who repeats it
back to me in the in the comments that
will tell you how long the lag is all
right get ready so the first one who
retypes this word that'll tell me how
long the lag is the word is octopus go
one two three bar oh 3 seconds three 3
seconds that was very fast looks like we
got the lag down now that might change a
little bit as the traffic comes in I
don't know if it's traffic related but
that's a yeah that's very good thank you
we have many
octopi and uh the experiment is complete
good good now there might be a
difference on the browser version versus
the app I don't know about that
yet well let me tell you about my AI
experience yesterday if you were like me
and I like to think everybody is you
probably said to yourself sometime in
the last oh year or so uh I should spend
some time working with AI just so I
don't get left behind anybody say that
to themselves and a lot of you are
probably already using it for work but I
said to myself I'm going to wait in so
what I thought I would do was build a
little uh app which in the AI world if
you use
uh open AI chat GPT version uh would be
called a GPT so it it lets you talk your
way into creating an app and so I tried
that and I said to myself what can a
clever person in his senior years who
doesn't work with technology all the
time
anymore like how far can I
get here's here's the problem the
interfaces for using AI are weirdly way
behind the AI so you no matter how
powerful the AI is getting you to use it
as a user is weirdly it's almost
ridiculously uh nonobvious for example I
probably spent an hour yesterday not
knowing that there was a switch where I
could intentionally change it from
version 3.5 which wouldn't do anything
for me because it didn't have the
features I needed for what I was doing
to 4.0 I spent the whole time trying to
debug why it wasn't doing what I wanted
and I wasn't even in the right version
now why does it not default to the
current
version or or why doesn't it Flash and
tell you I'm definitely on this version
so you can do these things right now I
mean it's just that's just a user
interface you know total botch that's
all it was so I spent hours just trying
to figure that out uh do you know how
hard it was even to find the official
chat GPT app you go to the App Store and
there's so many crazy little apps that
have the same name and they and they try
to make a logo that looks sort of like
the official one but
different it's it's 90% garbage apps or
apps that're not the ones you want so I
spent maybe an hour maybe an hour even
trying to look for the app have you ever
spent an hour looking for the app when
you knew the name of the company I mean
that's so weird uh why was it so hard so
but then when I had had the actual
experience of building it um what's new
about version 4 is it can access an
external file so you can feed it a file
and then ask questions about it and
build a little app around its special
knowledge of maybe that one file or what
you taught it and that little special
knowledge would be your
GPT so it was actually a freaky
experience building an app by talking to
it but that kind of worked meaning I
just had a conversation with it and the
thing that's really mindblowing is that
it makes suggestions after it fails so
you'll say can you do this it will try
and it will say I can't I can't do that
with the file You' given me but I'm
going to try this instead and I'm like
what seriously you're actually keeping
me informed what you're trying a whole
new look and then it tries another one
but it it was freaky it talks to you it
talks to you without being asked and
tells you what it's doing and it tells
you it's going to try a new way to solve
your problem it's just your brain just
goes what what am I dealing with it's
it's awesome um now I did not succeed
but I believe I learned enough yesterday
that in a very short time I could create
a
GPT that would look at a a text file
that has all of my every Everything a
Dilbert comic ever said and then
separately it can find that Dilbert
comic in a different way and it can take
those two pieces of knowledge and marry
them and become a search engine for any
Dilbert topic so maybe by the end of
today just by talking to AI I'll be able
to announce that there's a a GPT that
you'd have to have you know access to uh
the app I guess um that you could do a
certain
or I could do a search or I could hire
somebody to do a search for you if you
wanted to reprint that sort of thing but
that's how easy it was just talking to
it but you have to get past the
interface glitches
first well Iceland is a state of
emergency at least part of it I guess
there's a big ass volcano there that uh
has been so active they've had 1,400
earthquakes in 24 hours a number which
is surely bigger than out since I read
the post on it and um they're they're at
least uh it looks like they've told one
town to completely leave so there's one
town that's right right in the
uh right in the death area but it looks
like they have time so it looks like
they're going to get out but they're
going to lose their homes so it looks
like an entire town might
disappear so we'll see if it gets worse
it could affect air travel I understand
somebody smart told me that all right um
here's what bothers me especially about
this Iceland story I have to be honest I
spend a lot of my time thinking what my
backup Escape place would be you know if
if the place you live goes to hell for
whatever reason natural disaster or
let's say you get canceled and you can't
live among the population anymore
something like that and I always look
for all right what's my worst case
scenario where can I go and Iceland was
on my short list cuz I like wow you know
bet you could go there and just hide
from the rest of the world for a while
and now the whole place might turn into
a volcano so no place is
safe um there's a study on willow bark
extract I know you were waiting to to
find out about that weren't you you're
all like I hope he talks about the
willow bark extract cuz that's that's
some news right there well it turns out
this willow bark you put it in tea or
something make a tea out of it and it
can uh thwart all kinds of
viruses so everything from seasonal Cals
to coid 19 to viruses that affect you
know completely different conditions so
it's it's sort of a broad spectrum virus
killer but it might be so easy to obtain
and maybe so hard to patent that you
you'll never be able to take it but if
things go bad go find yourself a well I
don't want to tell you to take bark off
a tree and consume it that seems like
bad advice you should probably listen to
a doctor before you eat any tree bark or
make tea out of it but it's good to know
it's an
option this is this is one of these news
stories that I like to give you toward
the beginning to show you that even
though the news might look like it's all
doom and gloom at the minute at the
moment
there might be some really really big
things that are Brewing to make things
better I mean suppose they did come up
with a broad spectrum antiviral that
just like took a big piece out of every
virus totally possible that that could
actually happen I mean that would be
very transformational for life on Earth
have I ever told you that uh science
isn't real and they mostly just making
up I didn't used to think that you know
when I was a kid I thought science was
like the best way to understand the
world and of course I was born right
around the time the science was telling
you cigarettes were good for you that's
about when I was born and I was born
about the time that the government was
telling you that the the food pyramid
was how you should
eat no no no no not true uh but it just
keeps getting getting funnier and
funnier at how bad science has always
been and we didn't know
it um I've told you this before so in
the late '90s I wrote a book called The
Dilbert future and I've said this before
but it's it's a good lead up to what I'm
going to talk about um and I said to
myself I'll bet you I could pick
anything that science knows to be true
for sure I could predict that it will be
overturned by science in the future and
that I would be right and I would look
like a
prophet and so I had two choices I was
like I'm e going to pick the Big Bang or
I'm going to pick the theory of
evolution because I thought okay those
are two things that
nobody nobody is going to say you know
is going to change we really get those
things we understand them and in my
lifetime sure enough uh the uh the Big
Bang has been at Le least to thrown into
gray question because our better
microscopes or not microsc telescopes
can see that there are galaxies formed
that don't make sense if there was a big
bang so did anybody see that that would
be overturned I mean I don't know what
it's been replaced with I mean that's
still a mystery
but and I would argue that Evolution has
been
debunked but you're welcome to disagree
and I would say the evolution has been
debunked by the simulation Theory now we
don't know that we're a simulation it's
just that it's you know a trillion to
one odds that it is which would make
Evolution more of a perceptual thing and
not any part of
reality so I picked the the the two most
basic things of Science and in my
opinion this is my opinion they've both
been debunked to my satisfaction in my
lifetime I was right on both of them now
the one I picked was Evolution but uh
yeah I could have picked the Big Bang
but here's another one uh so yesterday I
was talking about why is it that if we
all evolved from people who came from
Africa why is it that when I do my 23
and me it doesn't have any African in it
and I thought well is that just CU it
gets so so diluted over time that it
eventually effectively disappears is
that why because it didn't didn't really
smell right because I've got some
Neanderthal in there a solid 2% or
something
and I thought hm it it does seem like
stuff lasts a long time so why wouldn't
there be a little bit more African in me
and then I find out apparently there's
been this whole debunking of the Out of
Africa Theory how many of you knew that
how many of you knew that there is some
serious debunking about the theory that
we we all started in Africa and
everything spread out from there well
you know I've only just touched the
surface but apparently you know books
have been written and there are a whole
bunch of alternative theories that seem
to make more sense than the an of Africa
and you know what and here's the
realization that came from
it out of the out of Africa theory was
always a racist Theory wasn't
it did did it grow out of science or did
it grow out of scientists being
racists it looks like it was just a
racist Theory the whole time because cuz
the nobody said says this directly right
but imagine you're an anthropologist
in what what year did we come up with
the an of Africa idea can you give me a
historical give give me a calendar on
that was it 1800s or
1900s when did we decide that people
evolved Out of Africa early
1900s 186 somebody says mid
1800s that's when people started finding
fossils and and
whatnot
right so here's what I think I think
that the world was a super racist place
and that the
anthropologists because they were super
racist they came up with this idea that
the Africans were more primitive and
that that that the people like them were
the ones who evolved from the more
privative stuff literally the most
racist thing you could ever come up with
with and then they embedded it into you
know basic
science when in fact the evidence seems
to suggest that humans started in maybe
more than one place and that's the whole
story but there was a lot of inters
species
banging the the early days of uh
Humanity must have been wild because it
turns out you could like you could bang
a monkey you could bang a a
neanderthal you know you could get those
Den denisovans or whatever they are the
little ones the little
ones how Wild is that like today we're
like would you would you date somebody
Irish oh no I'd never date somebody
Irish actually I've never heard anybody
say that but suppose they did but back
then it was like I had a little
Neanderthal Tang last night how was it
well it was wild it was wild I recommend
it have you ever tried to
denian Homo
erectus can't can't wait to get some
homo erectus action all right sounds
worse than it
is all right let's talk about uh so
everything is wrong about science it
always was um Ron
McDonald damn
it I can't do it I swear to God I was
looking at the name and trying to read
ra McDaniel and my brain couldn't
actually do it my brain turned her into
a clown a fast food
clown
now was it uh wasn't it Laura Ingram who
made the M same mistake on TV and had to
correct your in real time I I I I think
I watched somebody else just do the same
thing and then quickly correct
herself what what could be more damning
than being criticized and people keep
calling you accidentally
a clown's name I mean there aren't many
there aren't that many famous
clowns right how how many clowns can you
name go how many
clowns there's Ronald McDonald and then
boo good give me another
clown there are very few clowns that you
can name right I mean Red Skeleton
million years ago right so they're all
yeah I I don't know about the Burger
King that's more of a weird King thing K
crusty the clown thank you K crusty the
clown clown Adams clever okay yeah but
it's very unfortunate to be criticized
and also have a name people think sounds
like a
clown but uh she was R was interviewed
by Laur Ingram on Fox
and I have to say she came off as not
capable now I don't I have no inside
knowledge to know if she does a good job
or a bad job I don't have any opinion on
that at all I wouldn't know what a good
job looked like actually you could tell
that Republicans aren't winning as much
as they'd like to but you know it I
can't tell from the outside who's doing
what or who should do what better you
should have accountability though so
it's it doesn't matter the details don't
matter if you're not getting it done
you're not getting it done time to try
something else but she did not come
across as capable
did anybody else watch it did you have
the same impression I could have been
primed you know too primed to see it
that way but even so Laura Ingram asks
her a basic question and she runs off on
this long thing and uses up all her time
I answering the wrong question and then
Laura calls her out like um that wasn't
even really the question I asked I she
looked like she couldn't handle even an
interview so it wasn't a good luck so it
was a good day for uh V
who by the way has uh merchandised uh
remember when Nikki hilly in the uh in
the debate called him scum under her
breath uh now he's created a line of
merchandise that you can buy for his
campaign with with kind of a cool logo I
have to I have to admit whoever did the
graphic design on his stuff really good
it shows a vake looking powerful and
some military outfit and some American
looking behind him for victory or for
vake and uh it's called Rebel scum so he
added Rebel to it Rebels
come I tell you this works every time
the Republicans do it and it works never
when the Democrats do it have you
noticed that maybe that's just a bias on
my part but when but when the Democrats
try to you know monetize or or turn one
of their insults into a
positive
it doesn't quite work you know like the
power Brandon thing they tried to do
about Biden H it didn't really didn't
really connect but I feel every time a
republican tries it it works like the
deplorable
mugs about a lot of deplorable mugs were
sold and we still call ourselves
deplorable you know jokingly so yeah it
doesn't work the other way for some
reason well this little story is funny
uh this this is where the level of trust
is with our government here's how much
we trust our government I'll just read
so you might know that there was a a big
bust there was a DC uh broel that was uh
taken down by the FBI on the same day
that uh number of people voted in
Congress to authorize the building of an
FBI new headquarters 300 million Death
Star bigger than the
Pentagon and 70 Republicans even and
voted for
it uh and Molly Hemingway had this post
she said Is it bad I assume all 70 GOP
who voted to reward the FBI with a brand
new headquarters are also clients of
this
brothel so that that's saying out loud
what a lot of us were thinking huh on
the very same day it's almost like
they're sending a
message it it sounds very much like they
were sending a message doesn't it like
you know we do have The Client List from
the DC
brel here it is I mean it could leak I
mean leaks happen uh you know it's just
funny the timing it's funny that the
timing of when there could be this leak
just happens to match up and this is a
coincidence people with the time that we
needed Congress to do something that
they didn't want to do but was good for
us in the FBI so you know those two
stories are just just sort of
coincidentally there's no cause and
effect and maybe there
isn't but do you trust it or does it how
many times has there been a
story where your worst suspicion was
exactly what was true way too many times
way too many times so when you see this
coincidence you say to yourself I don't
even think that is a
coincidence so I don't know what's true
but we have been trained if you're
paying attention you've been trained not
to trust this and to assume that this is
a dirty vote and that they just took
$300 million of your taxpaying money and
put it into something because of
blackmail maybe I'm not saying that's
true I I'm saying that if you if you
have that as an operating
assumption you're probably probably have
a good operating assumption even if it's
not right every
time all
right Jake Novak uh posted this today on
X he said uh was at my local gun shop
again yesterday I like the fact that
it's again he he was at his local gun
shop you know twice
recently now Jake has worked for Israel
and um so he's he's got a good insight
into this uh this world and he says uh
he was at the gun shop twice and I'm not
exaggerating when I say that there was a
minivan of religious Jews inside within
20 minutes after the store
opened and then J says and I'll say it
again Jews are arm Jews arming up like
this is the effective end of the gun
control movement in
America
agree do you agree with that statement
that es conservative Jews well Jews in
general arming up in America is the end
of the gun control movement
now it's not the end of the of the
debate definitely not the end of the
debate but but it does create a almost
impossible Force to
overcome because not only do Jewish
Americans and people all over the world
have now seen this model of what a bunch
of people with rifles can do to a bunch
of people who don't have them right if
you always wondered what could that look
like
that's what it looks like the people
with the rifles Slaughter and torture
and rape the people who didn't have
rifles that's it that's that's your
that's your entire story so if you want
to be one of those people someday the
ones who were tortured raped and had no
guns well you know which way to go but
if you like to have a
gun you also know which way to
go uh I'm going to add this to my list
of are you ready for this added to the
list of what what what is the list I'm
building that I'm adding the uh Jews
arming up with
guns Trump was
right the Trump was right
list is really impressive at this point
from the border to the wars to gun
control I mean he's racking It Up by
just staying
quiet you know and
and I'm going to say it directly there
there is a feeling of Trump's third act
that is so strong in in my
bones that I'm finding it almost
impossible to believe that by election
day
2024 we will not have a major breaking
news Scandal about our election
process you can you can just feel
it it's just sort of is sort of like
trying to get out in every possible way
does anybody else feel that or is that
just my
imagination at this point I would I
would place a substantial bet on a big
story about elections between now and
2024 don't know if it'll be Georgia
don't know if it'll be Fulton County but
I'm going to I'm going to go with my
prediction that the alleged you know
some people alleg there a bunch of
unfolded fake ballots in a room and they
know what the room is I'm going to go
with my prediction that the room will be
empty or at least those ballots will be
gone you just watch if the ballots are
gone so is so is your
democracy would you agree with that if
the ballots are gone and we never know
where they are that's the end of your
democracy yeah you you you could you
could could call it Dad at that
point all
right here's a little test of your
understanding I'm going to give you two
names uh that are in the news but not in
the most mainstream of news and I'm
going to make the following claim if you
don't recognize these two names you
don't understand anything that you're
seeing in the
news that's a big claim isn't it so this
will be your test if you recognize the
names and you understand their role and
who they connect to and you know who
they work with and who funds them and
all that then you have a good idea what
you're seeing here are the two
names Chris Krebs and Alex
Stamos Krebs k r e BS and Stamos St a m
oos how many of you know both of those
names and their role in the political
informational world
that that's I feel like this is sort of
a dividing point between Democrats and
well-informed
Republicans if you're a well-informed
republican you'd recognize both names
and you would know that they're part of
the
misinformation structure created by the
Democrats and you would also know if
you're well informed that the
misinformation structure
which on the surface is to get rid of
misinformation is effectively a Democrat
um censoring machine which could be
applied to the social media platforms
Etc if you didn't know that that entire
structure exists and and the names of
the people who are Central to it then
you don't know that your news is
fake you don't know that your social
media uh experience you know is is is uh
Changed by them so I'm not going to say
you know what's good or bad about them
you know I don't want to get sued for
some kind of weird accusation I'm saying
that as a news consumer if you've not
gotten down to the level where you
recognize those names and their role and
stuff you really don't know what's
happening because then the news won't
make sense you'll think it's real the
moment you think the news is real and
that the one you watch is the real one
and the ones you're enemies watch is the
wrong one as soon as you think that you
you don't understand anything
everything's confusing after
that well let's talk about
brainwashing um I saw a post by user on
X uh goes by calash
ro cordak
rush and uh I thought it was a
interesting thought and the user said
said uh I've begun to think that
education was always supposed to be
politicized people just forgot about
this and ended up giving the keys to
this hen housee to the Wolves I.E those
who want to subvert the minds of
impressionable children uh thus we now
have students cheering on
Hamas now to which I say yes education
was always intended to be politicized if
you do it right it's
politicized and I would point out that I
was brainwashed as a kid like really
really heavily brainwashed as were most
of you I would say but I was brainwashed
for let's say capitalism and uh loving
my country and you know patriotism and
uh the uh the so-called Melting
Pot
now those things have a
negative you know they the culture that
I was brought up in you know the the
brainwashing in
school uh turned us into America is
great and we can do anything and you
know we'll go over and you know bomb
your people if we don't like you so I I
think I think America went almost too
far in saying Americans are special I'm
not sure that was helpful but the the
collective uh the collective
brainwashing was very effective in
creating a enough cohesion in the
country and enough uh you know the
capitalism emphasis made you work hard
and it worked out it was a it was good
software for the country for where the
country was it was just the right right
operating system but it had its
flaws because it was successful and only
because it was successful we could stop
talking about you know daily survival
and then you start talking about more
theoretical philosophical things and
suddenly you say hey this system is
brainwashing people into a certain
system that's not making everybody
Thrive something you didn't talk about
until you had the you know the let's say
the luxury of being able to talk about
it and and then you know people wanted
to be flexible CU it did seem unfair on
some level people would imagine and so
you know we've evolved into a different
system let me let me give you an idea of
how uh powerful brainwashing
is um so Jewish students at MIT were
blocked from attending classes by
hostile anti-israel
protesters do you think Tik Tock had
anything to do with that yeah there
there's very good information to suggest
that Tik Tock is where the anti-israel
and anti-jewish protesters are getting
their their fire from so Tik Tock
clearly is a brain washing thing but how
bad does it get there was a video of a
Palestinian grandmother on something
called Hamas TV I don't know how there's
a Hamas TV but I guess there is uh it's
not MSNBC it's a Hamas TV you could get
those too confused I know but um the
grandmother said that uh the giad
against the Jews is a top priority of
the Palestinian people and she said
directly that she's ready to sacrifice
uh all of her 17 children she has 17
children and 65 grandchildren so she's
willing for all of her children and all
of her grandchildren to become Martyrs
uh for in the cause of killing Jews and
taking over the Jewish
land
now can Israel get any luckier with his
enemies if you ever had a chance to
choose your your enemies the one you
should choose would be the one who says
uh yes go ahead and please kill all of
my children and all of my grandchildren
CU we'll be quite happy about that
situation you know we go to heaven and
stuff I mean they're making it kind of
easy for uh Israel to do what it must do
to protect itself Now isn't isn't the
the biggest conversation about um Gaza
has has been uh who killed whose babies
right CU we don't care about adults as
much as babies so it's like your babies
you killed my babies you killed my
children no you killed more of my
children it's all about killing children
because that's you know the most
powerful mental model is you know that
that uh that alarms us the most so it's
of course we'd see the most of that but
here's somebody who actually says you
know I don't mind if you kill my
children and grandchildren you know as
long as we're working on this this
mission to kill
you that really does give Israel a free
hand can I say this directly I don't
know if I can say this directly and stay
on social media I'll say it maybe
indirectly if you create a
situation where your enemy has no choice
but to kill your
children your enemy has a free pass they
have an ethical and moral free pass to
kill all of your children if you've
stated I have trained my children to
grow up and kill you even at the risk of
their life nothing shall stop my
children my children I I encourage you
to go out and and kill the enemy the
enemy has an absolute total ethical
right to kill all of your children let
me say it as directly as
possible people like this grandmother
and she does not speak for all
Palestinians I should say that for sure
doesn't speak for all of them but
unfortunately the world is going to see
messages like this and they're going to
say you know what if Israel killed all
of their children it would be a horror
Beyond
imagination and completely Justified
from a self-defense
perspective those both can be true it
from a
conscious conscience
perspective it's the worst thing you
could even imagine killing anybody's
children intentionally from a
self-defense perspective absolutely
necessary so let me say it
directly um it's hard for me to have
sympathy for people who have weaponize
their own
children how how do I do
that I'm not sure I can even muster any
honestly it's a cruel world and terrible
things happen and I wish it didn't
happen you know I very much wish no
nobody's children got killed but if you
weaponize your children and then you
brag about
it the other team gets to kill your kids
that's just the way it
is um so that's good for Israel that
takes a lot of pressure off them from at
least the um the mental part that people
would put on them so given those
examples let us go to the white
board I want to give you uh
my my impression of what's happened in
the brainwashing
landscape so as I said when I was a kid
the model was the government would
influence TV you know the CIA
specifically would have lots of
influence over the TV and they tell the
TV you do a lot of
patriotic you know stuff uh make sure
the people love America and think we're
awesome Mak make sure you do a lot of
Melting Pot stuff you know make sure
we're all getting along that sort of
thing so they controlled largely what
the schools taught and what the TV
taught you in directly so then the kids
were taught capitalism patrio patriotism
and the Melting Pot so that that was my
experience now again the patriotism part
probably turned America into a bunch of
 how many of you would agree
with that I love America I think we're
awesome but I think it went too far I
think it turned us into
because it made us think we're a little
bit better than the rest of the world
now maybe that's good you know maybe the
system of America worked better because
we thought we were better than other
people we were we were trained to think
that but it's definitely got it's
downside right you get too arrogant you
get too cocky you start thinking you're
better than everybody then it's easy to
attack them and kill them because you
know our our needs are more important
than your dying children so I I think I
think we overshot the mark a little bit
but there's no doubt that that operating
system propelled America to become the
dominant
power at the
moment it looks more like this you've
got China that owns Tik Tock that's
influencing the kids you've got Soros
money that's influencing the government
which probably has a little or a lot to
do with how the government uh runs the
schools the the teachers unions for
example uh they've got their own version
of what is right so you got the colleges
creating woke teachers Etc now this new
brainwashing um let's say situation
pretty much guarantees that you get a
lot of kids who believe in communism and
the oppressor oppressed model which
guarantees the destruction of your
country let me say it as clearly as
possible this isn't just a
problem this is a guarantee of the
destru destruction of your country
because you would actually be training
young people to do all the least
practical things to fight about the
repression instead of making money you
know the things that drive the the world
so the government needs to be in charge
of the kids but the government is no
longer unified there are two versions of
What the government would want that are
pretty different wasn't so different in
the ' 50s I don't think the Democrats
and Republicans were too different were
they when it came to patriotism Melting
Pot capitalism wasn't it Democrats and
Republicans pretty much the same when I
was a kid I don't even remember a
difference yeah the the Democrats wanted
more welfare stuff but they were
certainly completely in favor of the the
brainwashing model that was the common
one so now you've got kids brainwashed
all over the place what it should do is
drive Society apart and it should
destroy
America
now keep in
mind that uh that's a that's a straight
line prediction a straight line
prediction says there will never be a
counterforce everything will keep going
the way it was going but nothing goes
like that in the real world nothing goes
straight lines forever there's always a
counter Force what would be the counter
force in this case I don't know I don't
know um could it be that the X platform
will become dominant and then maybe but
I don't see that happening because I
don't see children on
X could it be that uh our government
might get its Stones back and um get rid
of Tik Tock that could be a big big
step but here's what I think I think the
federal government should federalize the
schools and I think they should come up
with one common
curriculum uh that that gets to
brainwashing right there could be lots
of variety and in some of the details
but there should be a
brainwashing standard Federal message
that says to raise good children you got
to teach them they're not oppressed or
oppressors you can't have Dei you can't
have you know this whole oppressor
repress thing and you have to teach them
that capitalism is better than uh
communism you know with a little
socialist flavor to it we prefer it that
way um and and some version of uh
patriotism but maybe without the
excesses of that so do you
think that
Congress could collectively come up with
a set of you know maybe three missions
that people would
accept at the moment the Democrats
wouldn't be able to say yes to that but
here's what I'd like I would love a
national uh debate so that everybody
shows their work I would want the
Democrats to say here's what we want to
teach kids you know oppressor oppressed
whatever it is uh socialism is good
communism wasn't so bad whatever it is
just put it out there this is what we
want to teach them and then have the
Republicans and the moderate Democrats
say here's a better idea how about
teaching them you know patriotism but
not too far and Melting Pot and you know
everybody has a chance to make it and
and all that let's and and I think that
this is a huge opportunity for
Republicans except they have that whole
uh states rights
thing the work worst thing you could do
for America is let all the states run
their education systems on their own
without any federal influence in my
opinion that would be the worst thing
you could do because I guarantee you
some states are going to be
garbage here's one thing you can't take
a chance on do do you know why the the
federal government handles the
military right we we all prefer that
Authority be driven down to the state
and local and individual
level but the federal government handles
the military why because it's the only
thing that
works there there's no other reason the
federal government handles the military
because nothing else would work it's the
only thing that works the education
system is closer to being like the
military than it is to picking up the
garbage do you get that I love the fact
that my local local municipality is in
charge of picking up my garbage I don't
why would the federal government be part
of that so I love it for the little
stuff drive it down there right personal
decisions but the education or let's say
the brainwashing you know even more than
the education and the brainwashing the
brainwashing of our children is National
Defense it's not like it it's not it's
not reminding you of it it's not uh
similar to it's not oh this should be
also in the conversation it's not
another variable you should consider it
is your whole game it's the
whole game your military is
worthless worthless if you haven't
brainwash your your young people to be
productive citizens who
contribute so the big the big problem
with education is that we treat it like
a social thing instead of a national
defense
thing what are the what is Hamas doing
Hamas is treating their
children like a social thing or like a
National Defense thing well they've
weaponized their children they've
actually they they they at least get one
thing right which is that they know
their children are their weapons they
know that their their cultural defense
or offense in this case might be the
weapon weiz kids and we're and we're
letting our enemies weaponize our kids
against us we're literally not not just
figuratively we're literally allowing
our enemies to brainwash our children to
be on the enemy side and we're allowing
that under Free
Speech right we're allowing
it and the federal government should
clamp that down immediately now the
reason this would be hard to do is that
unless you follow this live stream I
don't think you'd have quite the same
feeling that the right frame to look at
this is the persuasion frame right if
you're looking at everything from a
political frame it looks like you don't
know what to do if you look at it from a
follow the money frame which usually
works it also doesn't work because the
money isn't as obvious you know there's
some Soros money in there and there's
some China money but it's it's a little
harder to follow the money but if I say
to you follow National
Defense that's your frame protecting the
country and then on top of that frame is
the persuasion frame if you get those
two frames right the persuasion frame
and you understand how you know how bad
Tik Tock is and what a risk it is to our
whole civilization and you understand
you know the the National Defense frame
then you can make the right decisions
but you would need somebody at a V level
of
communication to sell to the go to sell
to the public what they they need but
maybe they don't understand they need it
Trump maybe could do it he he's he's
more of a you know he he creates a
dumpster fire no matter if he's doing
the right thing or the wrong thing so
he's he's
controversial uh I know V would hate to
hear this because he's running for
president and and I think he actually
has a shot people ask me does aake have
a shot yes because the two leading
candidates for president both have a
cloud hanging over them right and what
happens if Trump actually goes to
jail right what what happens if he's at
a certain age and you know a medical
problem pops up that you weren't
expecting so V I think could take santis
if it turned if if anything took Trump
out you know God forbid but we're in a
world where Anything could happen if
anything took Trump out you'd have a
vake who looks
like a younger Trump you know with
advantages without the baggage and then
you'd have a disantis who looks
like
disantis I know I I feel like the would
almost almost immediately take a slight
lead if not a larger lead if the the
moment if you imagin a moment where
something happened to Trump God
forbid so could he become president
absolutely yeah but if it didn't happen
let's say let's say you straight line it
and Trump becomes the nominee and let's
say he wins
um I would hate to see V wasted as a
vice president would you agree
that would be the biggest waste of
talent it would be almost unimaginably
waste of talent and I think that's the
reason why V has said you know I'm not
really built for the number two job and
that's why the model that would work the
best way best would be a
um remember how uh Jared was to Trump
now people didn't like Jared for all the
reasons but Jared was like a strong um
partner who could simply execute things
in the smartest possible way so it was
just an
amazing you know amazingly good luck and
well smart I guess that Trump trusted
Jared to do you know various portfolios
of things but if aake if it came to
that and V uh was considering a vice
presidency he should only consider it if
he if he's empowered even more than Al
Gore was empowered during um you know
during the Clinton years you you want a
vice president who's got a portfolio and
maybe here's here's the key part maybe
the most important stuff instead of the
 stuff am I right just have him
do the important stuff the most
important stuff I think he'd be great at
that because then you could you could
honestly say you know at the end of four
more years of trump you would find
yourself saying I love things the
administration did and you probably look
at what the vice president did in that
case and say you know he really nailed
these two or three areas that were just
so
critical so watching somebody with the's
Talent taking on our strongest Pro or
hardest problems would be exhilarating
to me that would be exhilarating do do
you know what the what it feels like
Well here here's an example do you
remember what it felt like to many of
you I realize some people thought it was
the end of the world but you remember
what it felt like when Elon Musk bought
to
Twitter if if you leaned right at all
didn't you
immediately feel like things were
heading in the right direction like it
took you know took musk in an amazing
amount of work I mean almost I can't
even hold it in my head how much work
was evolved to turn Twitter in or X into
what it is now and by the way my my
current view of X oh my God it's so much
better the the interface on
X that the fact that you can do you know
pull your video windows out you can
scroll videos and you know it's it's no
longer I'm not throttled I mean
everything about the experience the
trolls are way down the number of trolls
I get is down
95% I I I think my trolls are down 95%
compared to pre Prem
musque I'm not sure why but so that's
the same feeling I would have if
somebody like
vake had real
power and the authority to go after some
of our biggest problems because I I
think he could poke a hole in in places
that nobody could touch
before all right and then he'd be an
obvious one for president after that
um let's talk about the uh zombie
apocalypse in San Francisco uh so as you
may know San Francisco is cleaning up
because president shei of China and
Biden are going to be visiting there's
going to be a big economic Summit in San
Francisco so apparently all of the
zombie Street people and attics have
been rounded up and everything's been
power washed and they move them all
somewhere but here's the
question where'd they go and why
couldn't they do that before and I I was
laughing hard this morning morning
because
musk not only does he own the xplatform
he's probably one of the all-time best
posters here here's musk has a forward
comment about the fact that all the the
zombies in San Francisco were were moved
right so they're now the the main parts
of San Francisco seem you know
clean and here's what mus said in four
words and these four words sum up the
last five years of your existence you
ready for this four words from musk
about the fact that the San Francisco
people
um that they're somewhere here's his
four
words where did they go
H have four words ever said more where
did they
go because there's so much in that
question because the first part of the
question I mean it's
implied why couldn't you do this
before if wherever they are is
acceptable why did you wait till
now right that that's the last five
years in in four words where did they
go I don't know where they went so so
part of it is that you don't have news
that works anymore imagine listening to
the story and the news the
news doesn't know where they
went I is that mind-blowing so
everything you need to know about the
state of news is in this question where
did they go
then everything you need to know about
politics is also in the question where
did they
go because if they want someplace
acceptable we could always have done
it do you know what I'm going to add to
the
list I'm going to add to the list you
know what list it is
right Trump was
right remember what Trump's solution to
this was
move them somewhere where they're simply
away from the people who are in danger
from
them but just move them someplace
safe is that not Trump's
idea that was Trump's idea now I think
they're moved within the city probably
but I'm sure that they put the resources
into making sure that they're somewhere
where they're not bothering the
residents too much and someplace where
they're as safe as they were or maybe
not any
safer yeah this is Trump being right
again that if there's nothing you can do
about the fact that they exist in a free
country you got to at least move them
where they can exist without bothering
you that's Trump's
idea Greg gel's idea also you've seen
him talk about it so geld and Trump both
get the uh they were right on this
one uh bill on his show was talking
about how uh all these examples of uh
kids attacking their
teachers apparently half of teachers are
planning to
quit kids attacking
teachers and
now uh my childhood might have been
different from yours but kids having
fist fights with teachers wasn't that
unusual in my day was that unusual in
your day is there anybody who's
older I remember it was always a freefor
all no never so you went to a school
where you never saw a teacher and and a
student get into a fist
fight I can think of two or three cases
from my my experience it was the guys
well I'll tell you what I never saw I
never saw anybody attack a female
teacher I never saw that do you know
what would have happened if a male
teacher had ever attacked a female
teacher would have been ripped
apart yeah you would have been ripped
apart the students probably would have
killed you but when it was man on man
you know older student and a and a male
teacher sometimes it just came to punch
us it wasn't that
unusual all right so it's not good I'm
not explaining it away it looks pretty
bad
um here's some good news for you did you
know that uh Trump and his adviser
Steven Miller created this uh America
First legal thing and it's basically to
root out uh illegal discrimination
against white male
Americans and apparently they're going
after NASCAR that has been
discriminating against uh white people
and they've already G after uh let's say
Morgan Stanley Major League Baseball
McDonald's and Starbucks and accusing
all of them of uh discrimination and
having you know Dei practices that are
discriminatory now remember I always
tell
you that my um my objection to the
slippery slope is that a better way to
look at the world is not that some
things have the quality of slipperiness
but rather that there's not yet a
counterforce and that slipperiness
almost always creates a counter Force to
stop the slipper so this would be one
example of a counterforce so if it's
well funded and here's my guess I'm just
going to guess that there are a few
billionaires who are the main funding of
this you know it's probably open to
anybody who wants to contribute to the
fund but I'll bet you there's a few
billionaires were like the main funders
you know so it's not exactly everybody
funding it's maybe a few
individuals and I think that they're
putting their money where their mouth is
which is if if these organizations are
going to blatantly discriminate against
white people as they have for 40
years ever since I was in my
20s then finally after 40 Years of
slipping when it's at the point where
where uh Republican an are literally
being
hunted it was finally time for a counter
Force to appear and it's Trump turns out
Trump is the counter
Force so he's he's backing it anyway so
I'm very much in favor of the counter
Force every everything that is good
needs to have a counter Force right even
if you think it was you know a good
impulse things go too far you always
need the counter Force even for good
things not just bad
things all right ladies and gentlemen
there's very news that I should have
mentioned that I
didn't that was a that was a tight
hour um so the one thing I want to
accomplish is to get people to think in
the brainwashing frame but don't think
brainwashing is always bad because
there's no choice when it comes to
Children yeah let me say this is
directly as possible children have to be
brainwashed we just call it you know
teaching them or educating them or
raising them right there are other words
on it but children do not have developed
brains you can't let them make up their
own
minds right you know at depending on the
age you know you give them more and more
freedom as they get older but you can't
let children make up their minds about
what's right and wrong it just is the
worst process in the world you have to
brainwash them and you have to do it
from the federal level because you can't
trust the states not to be infected with
a bunch of Communists which is the
current
situation it should be illegal to teach
the oppressor oppressed uh okay I'm just
going to say
it it should be against the law to teach
that some of your citizens are
oppressors and some are oppressed that
should be
illegal does anybody agree
it's the main operating system of our
country and in my opinion it should
actually be illegal it should be it
should be as illegal as um you know how
Germany has these really strict rules
about uh denying the Holocaust you can
actually go to jail in Germany you could
go to jail for denying the
Holocaust now that seems way way over
the line for Americans right but is it
over the line for Germany
I mean nothing's like Germany you can't
compare it to anything so if Germany
said all right even at the risk of
jailing some people that shouldn't be
jailed we are never ever ever going to
let this you know anti-jewish thing
surface to the level where it causes
Another World War so Germany understands
that they will control the brainwashing
of their children so
carefully that you will go to jail if
you try trying to tell the children that
the Holocaust didn't happen you'll go to
jail that's some serious brainwashing
commitment but is it
wrong probably
not right from from our perspective
outside of Germany it seems way too far
like hey Free Speech right
but this was a this was a problem that
caused a really really really big
problem like the biggest you could
probably have you know the Holocaust so
yeah you have to brainwash that out
of people's minds and you have to do it
aggressively and you have to do it
unapologetically you just have to
brainwash people that they don't need to
be you know killing other groups of
people all right Nazism only worked
because they got to the young
minds well is that
true I mean that was a big part of it
but didn't Hitler take over so quickly
it wasn't really a generational
change I thought people were already
primed I I think Hitler had the right
message I mean I hate to say it when I
mean right I mean for his purposes not
for the good of the world um for his
purposes because World War I it created
this feeling in the German people that
you know they were owed something or
they were oppressed sort of an oppressor
oppressed model but it wasn't wrong they
were pretty
oppressed so it was it was the perfect
situation to brew a World
War uh Scott Scott Scott Moody
threatening downgrade to US
debt yes the US debt
problem had better get at least its debt
commission going I mean I definitely
would like to see Romney and Joe Mansion
doing an independent debt reduction
thing
but I I think somebody maybe of aake or
a trump needs to say if you can't settle
the debt we need some kind of a 2% cut
no matter what
rule
and I'd like I'd like to see somebody at
least selling that give us a 2% across
the board unless you can agree to a
budget that that cuts it by
2%
limit spending to 20% of GDP yeah or
something like
that what about Eric Adams being
raided is that in the news
today did mayor Adams oh he got uh yeah
that was old story right that was about
his campaign got
raided yeah I don't know that I don't
know what that's about but it doesn't
look it doesn't look organic it looks
like like some
 his phone got taken my
god oh no iPhone taken somebody says
well we don't know if that was
true oh they took all of his devices
they took all of his devices somebody
says Perry Johnson is Perry Johnson
um running third
party Perry Johnson is in favor of 2%
cut oh
okay Adam's phone and iPad were seized
by the feds I'm
seeing
wow
um car trag all leads to where we are
today okay I don't know
them
all right you're going to burn your
devices well I'll tell you
again uh this
advice assume that all of your
Communications are going to be public
eventually because I think they might be
I think there's a day where Quantum
Computing simply makes everything you've
ever said public because it can crack
everything and we're we're on the verge
of that
so you should make sure that you don't
have any you know Murder plots or any
any
felonies you know I don't think you can
get rid of anything that anything
anybody else would criticize right if
anybody saw your private conversations
they'd have plenty to criticize because
there's always somebody on every side of
every issue but don't have any felonies
there do not have felonies on your
digital communication
misdemeanor bad
behavior saying some incautious things a
little bit of bigotry if you've got
those things you can probably survive
them because if everybody's
communication is public we're all going
to look pretty similar similarly bad but
don't do a felony and put it on your
digital
Communications you can't tell if he's
trolling do you mean
me
you think uh mayor Adams is being taken
down for challenging the illegal alien
policy again the the obvious
interpretation is that that's exactly
what's
happening you know so we're we're in a
period where assuming the worst is also
the most reasonable
assumption so I hate that
all right that's all for you uh YouTube
thanks for joining I'm going to do one
more uh test of traffic and you're going
to have to repeat the word I say so I
can see how long it takes for it to show
up in the comments it's going to be a
new word you ready for
this the new word is
bison B i s o n
bison bison got it right
away bison all right well that's almost
no delay on both platforms very good I
think there might have been a technical
delay that got worked out so we're in
good shape now yay everybody likes
bison all right YouTube I'll see you
tomorrow thanks for
joining