well it's time yes it is for the evening
edition of coffee without Scott Adams
because well you could have your coffee
but I won't be having it and it's
another sunny beautiful day here exactly
the kind of day that your coronavirus
doesn't like it all we don't need the
outdoors
we got each other let me recommend to
you if you'd like a good laugh you know
the me maker Sol Sol Sol beam saw memes
one well she's got a beam of I'll try to
play it for you I let's see well let me
see if I can do it I'll just play it
looks like you might be able to see it
then watch it Joestar I could watch this
forever I get to watch that all day it's
funny it's it's literally just one joke
and you could watch that one joke for
like five minutes at a time and then
just just loop it watch it again oh
that's the funniest thing I've seen
today so the the bided protection
program continues I can't think of
anything more perfect for Joe Biden than
they don't let him campaign it was the
corona virus designed to get Joe Biden
elected because I mean think about it
the only the the worst thing that could
have happened to Joe Biden is that there
was no corona virus that he would be out
there trying to talk in public but there
is a corona virus so he gets to he's
actually going up in the polls because
nobody sees him doing anything
apparently he's got a strategy his
strategies died in the basement and not
let anybody see him talk until he's
president could work I'm not saying it's
not going to work so
no I'm just sort of catching up on this
general Flynn stuff and all of these
legal stories they tend to have too much
detail so I try to figure out what's
going on it sounds like somebody was bad
to somebody and you can't really I don't
I just lose interest on all the legal
stuff but it doesn't take you much
detail to find out that in the general
Flynn story it looks like the FBI
literally just framed him for political
reasons like I've been holding out you
know the the benefit of a doubt as long
as possible which I like to do in any
legal situation it doesn't matter who's
accused I like to at least try to hold
out the benefit of a doubt until that
you know the process has worked it's
magic there are some exceptions I mean
you know Kavanaugh was obviously not
guilty but generally I try to hold my
hold by fire but I guess it's time to
talk about it because it seems we have
enough information now that's been
released then apparently the FBI is
thoroughly corrupt you know we I know
I'm gonna regret saying this but I'll
say it anyway you know we've been saying
for like three years I think we've been
saying the same mantra you know well
there are a few rotten apples at the top
of the FBI but they but the rank and
file the you know the the people doing
the work you know they're they're good
Patriots and everything and now I think
we just have to question that sorry
which doesn't mean that you know
obviously doesn't mean all people at FBI
are bad most of them I assume are good
but the people at the top and at least
you know far enough down that we're
evolved in this Papadopoulos staff and
the general Flynn stuff all this stuff
or just completely crooked completely
crooked apparently maybe that's what the
news is telling us they're completely
crooked and and it's not my fault that
that reflects badly on the entire
organization
so I'm gonna have to stop saying well
there are only some bad eggs at the top
because I don't know do you know I don't
know that the bad eggs are only at the
top why would that be
why would bad eggs coincidentally be all
at the top I'd like to believe I'd like
to believe that that's the only place
it's run but I guess I have to suspend
my disbelief at this point and say I
don't know maybe if you have that much
power maybe you're all corrupt I don't
know what would it want to take them and
of course I'm a highly biased because
I'm watching the the Waco documentary
and that is really damning to the FBI I
only watch the first part of it and it
doesn't look like the problems are new
whatever the problems are with the FBI
it doesn't look new so this is a
gigantic story that's just sort of
hidden by the corona virus but it's
amazing you know if you take that plus
the Russia gate our yeah I'm still not
buying into deep state as a term you
know I've said from the beginning I
could easily believe lots of individuals
did individual things I can easily
believe that some of them talk to each
other but you know not some great
organized conspiracy but still deep
state I would have to say at this point
it is demonstrated to be true
and corrupting the country and Trump
came in and just ruined all their stuff
you just broke all their toys so I would
be super super disappointed if they're
not lengthy jail terms for most of the
top of the FBI
at this point and what the heck is
Christopher raid to him have you do you
have any confidence in Christopher Rea
that we're we're finding this stuff out
now yeah I hate to be the guy who says
it should have been done sooner because
that applies to just everything but we
got some questions for Christopher Rea
I was asked on Twitter to give some
recommendations on how one would do
civil disobedience in the current
situation let's say you decided to
decided to ignore the guidelines and I
don't know wanted to ignore them how
would you do civil disobedience and I
would suggest the following there's only
one thing you can do which is if
somebody opens a store go to it that's
it that's it but I don't think people
are going to be opening many stores and
when they do it'll be a national story
the authorities will probably close them
down pretty quickly but if if people
open just go there you you don't even
have to buy much you know buy a buy an
eraser you know buy a greeting card just
go now I'm not I'm not recommending that
you do that the question was how would
you do simple of disobedience I'm
telling you how to do it if you want to
do it I'm not telling you to do it
now we're caught in California we just
heard that in my County and others that
were we're going to be locked down till
the end of May
so I'm gonna be in this house and for
five more weeks all right do you think
I'm going to adhere to the guidelines
for five more weeks no no I'm not I'm
not I'm just not I will make my own
decisions I would trust other people
will make their own decisions as well
but I will I will make my decisions
based on what I determine is good for
society and for me and my loved ones but
I would say we can't really trust the
authorities at this point pretty much
everybody in power has disappointed us
so I'd say you don't want to ignore what
they say but you don't want to
necessarily believe it either and I
think we've just got to make our own
decisions at this point
hmm speaking of Bologna so this morning
on my periscope I spent a great deal
time debunking this video that's a kind
of a viral video of two doctors but
mostly one doctor talking and the
essence of it was if you saw this
morning's periscope that the one doctor
especially is saying that according to
the data that he can see that it doesn't
make sense so we're closed down and it
was overblown and we should basically go
back to work and our civil liberties are
being curtailed for not a good reason
now I spend a good amount of time
completely debunking that it was the
least credible thing it looked like the
guy the doctor didn't know how to
compare things using the wrong numbers
extrapolating the wrong way ignoring
gigantic facts that really matter like
they don't matter so it was the least
credible thing I've ever seen and that
was just featured on Tucker's show so
the way the world works that you live in
the world - so you know what happens
next right yeah you can sort of connect
the dots first of all you'll all be
calling for me to debate with Tucker
which probably won't happen secondly
Tucker's show has a far more wattage so
probably at least half of all
conservatives now believe that debunked
doctor thing debunked in my opinion so
I'm the one who's saying it's debunked
by my own work and some other people who
joined in in the comments section but
it's very disappointing to me because it
looks like Hannity all over again now
who knows how this is going to turn out
and I would say if you're trying to
figure out who to believe if you tried
to figure out who to believe in all this
specifically the big question of how bad
was it should we have shut down should
we go back to work here are the big
questions I would say the people you
should not believe is anybody who
expresses certainty
so anybody who who tells you confidently
it's time to go back to work because
that's what that's the numbers show that
it's time to go back to her if somebody
says that confidently you should never
listen to them again because they've
lost all credibility
likewise if they say the opposite we
need to be locked down for whatever it
doesn't even matter what how long they
say into June
next week three months as long as
they're sure about it you should ignore
them forever the only the only people
oh if somebody says that dr. drew went
over there math errors oh good so I
wasn't the only one who thought and I
noticed that other people saw it as well
and they're really big errors I mean
they're they're embarrassing a big if if
it's the same ones I'm thinking of so
I'm sure I had a point there all right
so the the situation is that because of
this non credible doctor video the
conservatives of the world the Fox News
Watchers have all been deeply misled in
my opinion all right now the in my
opinion part should be the most
important part of what you just heard
and I will emphasize that by saying do
you remember the early data that we got
and how it was all wrong and you
remember that right so stick with me we
all agree that all the early data we got
about the coronavirus pretty much all of
it was wrong but as time went by we
would get new information how was the
new information all wrong right but
there was more information after that
each week there'd be new information how
was the information after that all wrong
now coincidentally we finally get this
video of this doctor who says the things
you want to hear because you want to
hear a doctor say I've got the secret
scoop it's all a big phony hoax you can
go back to work that's what you want to
hear I mean you want that
as much as you've wanted anything in
your life you really want that to be
true so how did you hear it
you heard it this true that's how your
brain is organized you wanted that to be
true so badly that it became true even
though on the surface it looked just
ridiculous I mean just crazy not
incredible now so these these new
doctors have some new information is
this the time that the information is
accurate just ask yourself this it's
never been accurate yet no matter where
it came from or who said it it wasn't
accurate but this is the time guy on
video that we've never heard of he got
it all right totally possible you could
not rule out that eventually somebody
gets the right answer and for the right
reason not just guessing
could be him but what are the odds just
ask yourself what are the odds that this
guy got it right and the people who
still have it wrong are the experts who
were seeing the whole field so the guy
who is just from his one little
perspective and in an emergency room
that apparently didn't have much action
I mean that part of the reason he was
talking about it is that that he wasn't
very busy from his little perspective he
got the right answer but all the experts
didn't totally possible
because we watch that happen we watched
all the experts say that mess don't work
and people were not experts like me said
I'm sorry but all the experts are lying
to you I don't know why exactly maybe to
conserve supply I mean that's what I'm
saying at the time and then of course it
turns out they're all just lying to you
did you believe the stories that said
hydroxychloroquine was a magic pill a
lot of you did I wanted to believe it
then news came out that it's killing
people did you believe that well I
wanted not to but I thought well maybe a
better better hold on you can't believe
the fact you can't believe the debunk of
the fact you can't believe the debunk of
the debunk we're living in the world
where all of our information is flawed
deep
we flawed flawed to the point it doesn't
even point you in the right direction
that's just--that's this most flawed you
can get when I talk about Trump
you know departing from the
fact-checking I always say that at least
he's sort of you know directionally he's
pushing you in the right direction but
with the coronavirus stuff none of the
information is credible and appoints in
opposite directions what do you do with
that right well the only thing you do is
tiptoe the only thing you can do is try
something so one of the things that
Tucker said to us that there's a Wall
Street Journal article I did not hear I
did not read that claims and again I
didn't say it but it claims according to
Tucker that a study was done of states
that closed down quickly and tightly
versus ones that didn't I think it was
just States not countries but the claim
was there was no correlation in outcome
now I don't know what to say about that
cuz that's so obviously wrong isn't it
again let me do let me be as big a jerk
as I was a few weeks ago when I said it
in public they're all lying to you about
the masks of course they help a little
bit obviously so so I went out on a limb
disagreed with all the medical
professionals and I was right now Tucker
is saying that there's some somebody
must be a professional at statistics
somebody who knows how to do this sort
of thing look at it and the expert who's
far more expert than I am I wouldn't
even be able to check their mouth that
expert has said that when you keep away
from each other in a pandemic where the
very nature of it is that being close to
each other is what makes it spread but
if you don't spend as much time close to
each other it doesn't make any
difference what what are you kidding me
and Tucker repeated that because the
experts and there's some Wall Street
Journal article maybe somebody can tweet
it at me but doesn't matter do you need
to read that article - no it's not true
do you need to be an expert on
statistics or viral adji to know that
two people standing together one of them
has the virus and one does not is that
better or worse than two of them on the
opposite ends of the planet which one of
those is more likely to make the virus
spread I don't know
I'm stumped come on now I don't know
what the Wall Street Journal claimed to
see maybe it was a more narrow claim
they got misinterpreted either by Tucker
or by me but let's not pretend that the
the shutting down and and the social
isolation doesn't work that's the
dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life
it's as dumb as saying that masks don't
make a difference because obviously they
do obviously all right obviously
shutting down and having tighter
controls made some difference to imagine
that there's a statistical evaluation of
that is the most ridiculous claim I've
heard this week and it's been a week of
ridiculousness I mean there's been a lot
of ridiculous stuff but really really
staying away from each other doesn't
make a difference in transmission of
freaking viruses that's what we've come
down to that that that's on on
television and we're all like oh I'll
bet that statistical analysis pretty
darn kote know all of our statistics are
lies all of the data is lies I mean
until we get something that's reliable
they all look like lies and when there's
this obviously stupid I mean this is
just obviously stupid of course staying
away from people
makes a difference in transmission rates
of course it's making me crazy all right
here's another one that's making me
crazy everybody has taken an assumption
that what we're trying to do is flatten
the curve but other people say this not
me and they say that the point of
flattening it is it sort of eventually
you'll get on top of it and then the
curve will you know maybe slowly but it
will approach the zero and then and then
we're out of trouble would somebody ask
somebody who's an expert how we get from
the flat part to the down part because
you know there's no plan for that right
because you know by the time we have a
vaccine it's at least a year now I'm not
saying there won't be some new
development or we'll find some way to do
something better because I I do predict
that our our creativity and our
innovation and our just ability to
invent is off the chart and we'll see
you probably the next few weeks just
amazing things so I think that you know
something could come up maybe one of the
therapeutics works or something and that
that would give us the ability to plan
that would give us the ability to plan
but would you agree with this statement
that nobody who knows what they're
talking about in terms of the curves and
epidemiology that nobody has told you
what could possibly make that curve go
down now you're gonna say to me well
yeah the curve will go down because they
always do all of the other curves have
gone down no the other curves went down
because we had vaccinations and herd
immunity
have you heard anybody say that the herd
immunity is definitely something that
can happen with the corona virus no no
you've heard maybe
and if we're flattening the curve how
long does it take us to get to say 70%
herd immunity if there is ZERO immunity
when's that going to happen if it takes
a year we're gonna lose hundreds of
thousands of people
so here let me see if I can summarize my
point we've got a curve that's got a
flat part and then I presume to drop off
tell me what's different that makes the
drop off happen what's going to happen
in the future
that makes that it's not just heard
immunity because we're not going to have
much because we had a flat curve it's
going to take you a long time to get
there I don't think there's a plan the
the plan is that you invent something
right the plan is that you get a vaccine
sooner than you thought well even if
even if the warm weather makes it pause
even the experts are saying there's
gonna be another hump after that because
it's not going to go away
there's always be a summer if there's a
big story about UFOs but it's not a real
story it's a fake story fake news
so there's fake news about UFOs it's
fake news in the sense that it's the
same same video in the same films that
had been leaked a long time ago and the
US government simply released what they
had so you can see it in its totality so
that you know so you could see that
nothing was edited out but it's the same
story it's not new and I would like to
say once again in public that it is one
of the least believable stories you'll
ever see in your life probably one of
the least believable stories now most of
you believe there was some kind of like
weird spacecraft right and multiple
pilots saw it and because multiple
pilots saw it
that's pretty credible and they also
captured it on some instruments right
but the only instruments we see are that
one that one video view and the video
view looks exactly like there was
something like in the camera like there
was literally a bug in the camera or a
piece of dust or something I mean it
looks so not like of a spaceship to me
it looks literally just like a bog or
you know just piece of dirt on the
camera now you say to me Scott Scott
Scott that might explain why one of the
pilots thought he was seeing some
because you know only one of them would
see the bug on their own camera but what
about the other pilot I'd explain that
well do you think there's no other way
to explain it would you say it must be
true because two pilots or more I forget
how many said is true is that how it
works if three pilots said it's true
it's probably true
not my universe in my universe it just
means the three people got together and
started a hoax do you know all of the
crop circles well when I was a kid that
was a big thing they thought that you
the the aliens were coming down and
making flattening corn or wheat to make
it look like there was a circle and then
designs and of course it came out it was
just farmers having a good time the
thing was all a prank well there were
lots of witnesses to crop circles there
are lots of witnesses to alien
abductions do you think that the number
of witnesses even if they saw exactly
the same event do you think that lends
credibility because you know even the
fact that they were pilots do you think
it lends credibility we've had eye
witness accounts for everything from the
Loch Ness monster the Bigfoot to aliens
to ghosts and many of them have multiple
multiple eyewitness accounts so it's the
most ordinary thing in the world for
multiple people to think they saw
something that it wasn't there that's
very ordinary so what is more what is
more likely there's a an advanced race
of aliens who have been here and they've
got this you know physics-defying ship
they can do things that aren't even
possible under physical laws and yet we
did capture them on camera but even
though they're here we can't find better
evidence and we can't really get a clean
photo it's always a smudge and and it
seems to flip upside down more like a
piece of dirt on the camera than a
spaceship how so it could be there's a
vein
alien civilization visiting us and for
all these special coincidences we can
only see them on grainy video and that's
it we can't get better evidence to that
that's possible possible you cannot rule
that out that is completely possible
let's compare it to I don't know another
hypothesis let's pick one other
explanation no matter how wild it is
just so we have a comparison because you
want to have a comparison to know you've
really thought about it right so I'm
just going to throw this out here people
are stupid and they're lie and we're
deluded about things all the time I mean
I'm just gonna throw that out there
people lie about stuff people believed
they saw things I didn't people believe
they saw things because their friend
said he saw it how easy would it be to
imagine that one pilot was just looking
at something and you know saw so
something natural and didn't know what
it was and the other pilot was saying
did you see that did you see that it
defied physics and the guy on the other
planes like I think I did see that as a
matter of fact I did think I think I did
you can convince somebody they saw
something that quickly and then a false
memory can be spontaneously created just
that quickly very easy to do we've been
watching false memories be created all
week do you know that all bat if you did
a survey and you said did you hear the
President of the United States say in
his own words that maybe we should
consider injecting a household bleach
and Lysol into your veins did he say
that on TV do you know how many
Democrats would say see it I saw with my
own eyes I heard it yeah of course he
did no it didn't happen all right
most of you know that right it didn't
happen but how many people could you get
to be an eyewitness who say not only did
it happen I was there dude I saw it
I mean I heard it I saw it there's no
question about it I saw alive I was in
the audience and yet it didn't happen so
you're watching every day in the news
people have spontaneous false memories
for which there are literally millions
of other witnesses millions millions of
people believe the president suggested
shooting up with Clorox and Lysol
millions never happened there there's no
part of the real world in which that
happened so how unusual would it be for
some pilots to be spewing some BS and
have you know some dirt under camera or
some other malfunction one of them's a
lot more likely than the other that's
all I'm saying if you had to put a bet
on it one of them's a lot more likely
than the other
it looks like diamond and silk got
booted from Fox
rumor has it for spreading some
coronavirus conspiracy theories to which
I say boy that's a fine line isn't it
this is that kind of a fine line you
know what's the line between a
coronavirus conspiracy theory and what's
actually happening and how people are
actually talking about it don't we have
legitimate people saying it's no problem
at the same time other legitimate people
are saying it's a big problem
I mean we're reporting the facts
completely opposite are you telling me
that diamond and silk they're the only
ones who got something wrong about the
coronavirus I don't think so
now I don't I don't think it's a good
idea to speculate on too many conspiracy
theories but I'm just going to say that
there's no distance between a conspiracy
theory and all the bad information we've
been getting from every legitimate
source and I don't think there's anybody
who hasn't speculated you know we've all
speculated about the medical
possibilities we've speculated about
who's lying
we've speculated whether it's a bio
weapon or accidental what's the
difference between what down
so queer doing can't they speculate was
a rule that says they can speculate but
everybody else can alright so I I don't
know that Fox needs to hire them back
they may have you know their their act
kinder it could be it was convenient you
know I'm guessing the Fox Management
probably said yeah they're great but
they're actus is sort of repetitious
yeah if you see him a lot
you might say to yourself yeah I've seen
that before
so President Trump who is terrible at
keeping a secret
apparently let slip that Kim is alive
president that Kim jong-un now he did
that indirectly so he said several
things they indicate that he knows the
Kim is still alive but obviously not in
good shape so without confirming if the
president has confirmed that at least
based on the information he has which
one assumes is better than what we have
he said he wouldn't talk about it but
that he wishes him well and he's really
sure that Kim did not send a message on
his own over the weekend which means the
president noticed the Kim BISM conscious
he's not making any decisions but the
president did wish him well which is not
really what you'd say right after you
said you know what the situation is if
it turns out later that he's already
left this planet
why would trump say yeah i know the
situation and i wish him well if he are
yeah if he had already passed on all
right that didn't happen so the
president who was terrible at keeping a
secret basically just told us that kim's
in bad shape did you watch the press
conference today it was really
interesting because I thought Trump's
blowing off of the illegitimate
reporters was was right on today I
thought he was right on today because he
stopped treating them seriously and he
also stopped treating them
he stopped going just hard at them
because when he goes hard at them he
makes stars out of them and it elevates
the whole thing but today he got a
couple of you know those ridiculous
questions I don't even remember what
they were there they were the you know
trying to get you gotcha questions and
and he just blew them off and went to
the next question and I thought oh that
is so boss cuz I didn't like it when he
gets too defensive even though I liked
the show after admit I do like it when
he goes after the reporters because I
like the show but I didn't think it was
helping him it's one thing for me to
enjoy the show
but I would also like him to do well
right but I don't think he was helping
him so today I thought he had just did
anybody see this today did tell me if
tell me if that's an accurate
description
I thought he I thought he threaded the
needle this time you know you never know
what you're gonna get with Trump with so
that's part of the fun but I thought
he's friendly the needle it was just the
right amount of dismissing them without
being a jerk and if you if you lower
your own you know jerkiness if you will
your own response it it helps to put
some contrast on the other reporter it's
like well I'm being normal right now I'm
thinking about the country right now
what are you doing like what is that
question somebody doesn't know I do a
periscope at night so I enjoyed that so
good work there here's an interesting
story so I asked this question in a
tweet but I already knew the answer so
sometimes it's more fun to put things in
a question for him and this is what I
tweeted I said historians please verify
but didn't China once have a huge
foreign debt problem a lot of that was
owed to the United States that is solved
by changing its name and saying the debt
belonged to the last government did did
you know that's a real thing it's a real
thing so in a pre Communist Party you
know pre government before the
government that
now earlier China had borrowed and I
think something like a trillion dollars
from from the United States and other
places and and we were still own it so
there are people in the United States
who have these ancient I think there are
bearer bonds you know like a piece of
paper that says I will pay you X you
know money you know my name is China so
we have like a trillion dollars of debt
that China says they don't owe us any
more because they changed their name
that's a real thing
they changed their name so let's said oh
are you two thinking of old China no no
we're not old China we didn't make that
deal look at our government do you see
anybody in this government who made that
deal no that wasn't us and so they
didn't pay so there's a trillion dollars
of Chinese debt I think maybe just the
United States part is that big and they
just didn't pay and they don't have to
because they're they say no that wasn't
us
that was those other guys so I'm now
suggesting that we do that but I'm not
suggesting we don't just saying we
should look at it you know just just
giving a look I don't know what the pros
and the cons of that are Rachel Maddow
is lawyer said in open court he was
trying to defend her from charges of
defaming somebody and he said that to
her statement is a quintessential
statements of rhetorical hyperbole and
capable of being proven true or false in
other words her lawyer said that she
can't have defamed somebody because you
have to understand that nothing she says
is reliable so how would you like to be
a Stanford Graduate a Oxford graduate
and what was she like a Fulbright
Scholar or something like that so Rachel
Maddow is seriously smart like you know
say what you will
you know I know you don't like the
politics blah blah blah but seriously
smart I mean you don't want to you don't
want to compete with her on the SAT this
is what I'm saying so the super smart
person has to have her lawyer also smart
one assumes arguing on her behalf that
she doesn't know what the word literal
means that's actually a big part of
their case because the the the insult in
question the the defaming part used the
word literally which is key to the claim
because what she said is ex person is
literally being paid by Russia which was
not true ex whoever was was not being
paid by Russia not literally and not
figuratively now the the lawyers pointed
out that she is used the word literally
correctly to mean something actually
happening you know not figuratively
she's used it correctly a whole bunch of
times in ways that it's obvious that she
knows the difference you know as him
this literally happened two minutes ago
and there you know it actually did
happen two minutes ago so literally it
did so she knows the word she has two
prestigious degrees she has an IQ that's
probably through the roof and she has to
win her case by arguing that she's not
actually smart that's her best play her
best play is that she's kind of dumb and
she lies a lot
or she just makes stuff up I guess some
version of that well good luck with that
I say making tons making 10 million in
the year yeah whatever she's doing she's
doing it well apparently if she's
getting paid that much alright it's a
show not the truth that is correct
you know you I say this a lot but the
Fox News deserves a lot of credit for
how well they labeled their opinion
shows versus their new shows and I know
there's some people can't tell the
difference but I think the obligation of
the program
is just the label n't you know to make
sure people know the difference if they
choose not to know the difference if
they choose to treat the opinion people
as fact people let's sort of on them but
you have to admit that on CNN it's a
little less obvious you know who is the
news who's the opinion and the fact that
they all hate Trump is pretty obvious
all right smart does not equal
intelligence somebody says yeah I
suppose you can argue that China holds
us bonds confer different trade
imbalances these are bought and sold on
the open market yeah so I don't know if
we have any options for doing anything
to to China to get reparations or
anything from this coronavirus stuff
they're just gonna say that yeah I
assume they'll just say yeah it wasn't
us and that's the end of it
yeah we're hearing some stories about
meat packing problems and shortages but
I don't think that translates into a
food shortage because if you had to be a
vegetarian for a few months you wouldn't
die all right if you have to be a
vegetarian for two months you'll be okay
but I have a feeling that they'll get
those meatpacking places up and running
in 30 days or something just because we
have to could I do a 15-minute show for
YouTube why would I do that nicotine
products in France are banned yeah it
wasn't there a there was some thought
that nicotine might protect you and as
soon as I saw that I was like oh no no
people are gonna start smoking and get
nicotine patches but it's even worse
than that so you know when when there
was a run on the hydroxyl cleric we and
I said to myself I'm glad I wouldn't
need any hydroxychloroquine I'm glad I
don't have one of those you know lupus
or arthritis conditions or malaria or
something where I need that pillow
because it'd be hard to get now
and then today there's a new story that
one pill that I do take my work family
to got famo to die and tie down I think
it's a heartburn drug so it's a acid
reflux drug which I actually take
apparently people who have been taking
that are not having as much problems but
don't go run and buy a bunch of stuff
pepcid ac yeah pepcid ac is made of that
material that I just said there are a
number of products that have that
interestingly a day one of the when
people were hoarding all of the
famotidine got bought out in the first
few days so as what was one of the
things that people hoarded and day one
but so far I've managed to and I
couldn't even get it from my health care
provider but I know the supply is a
little better so somebody says it's MOT
Dean Sam ot Dean looks like you know
what you're talking about so I'll say
that that's true oh yeah then singulair
another asthma medication has some
indications it works let me ask you this
so we heard from the president and
others that there are a whole bunch of
trials going on for therapeutics I think
several dozen I don't know the exact
number but somewhere in the main range
of 30 different trials for different
therapeutics and then a whole bunch of
trials for vaccines I don't know how
many but it feels like dozens now let me
ask you this do you think that out of
that let's say it's 30 of the 30
therapeutics that are being studied how
many of those do you think are like
really good chances here's why I asked
at the beginning of the crisis everybody
including scientists realized that
suddenly their incomes were in jeopardy
right it didn't matter why you what you
were doing or who you were you suddenly
said oh my income is in jeopardy I mean
even my income basically will disappear
so after the end of this I have to go
get a job or something because I won't
be a I won't be a cartoonist anymore
there won't be any newspapers after this
but so so you have all these scientists
who know that even they need to figure
out how to make ends meet
and they might not be able to do it with
their regular job so then they hear that
the government is desperate to get some
trials going of therapeutics so you're a
scientist you're not sure you have any
other kind of work it's the only work
you can get the government that just
said we have all this emergency billions
of dollars you just have to apply for it
and we'll fund you because we're
desperate what do the scientists do when
the only place they can get money is
from the government and only if they're
testing coronaviruses solutions well let
me tell you how that goes
person who's maybe saw simply about
hydroxyl calorically and says you know i
think there's a good reason this might
work I'll test this somebody looks at
Rome desert here and says I I got we
have good indications that this is this
has got a chance so we'll test this what
are the others do well I'll tell you
what they do they go into their closet
and they take out a tube of toothpaste
and they say let's use some of this in a
petri dish because if it kills a corona
virus even a little bit I'm gonna say
we're gonna study toothpaste and we can
get some study money and we will just
study toothpaste so I think out of the
30 or so therapeutics that are being
studied the way you should look at it is
that it might be two or three they have
some real promise and probably 20 or 17
or 28 that are the equivalent of
toothpaste which is a scientist said you
know I only got one way to get paid
I guess I'm testing something for the
corona virus is there anything laying
around I'll use whatever is in my
medicine cabinet oh how about some how
about some of moat eating yeah what else
we got in there singulair oh yeah let's
test that
so I just have I just have a suspicion
that the vast majority of the trials
both for therapeutics and for for
vaccines are not even close to being
real it's not even close and everybody
who has worked in a big organization
isn't is nodding their head right now
right for those of you who don't have
experience and large organizations in
which people are putting together
funding requests is what I used to do
for a living I would put together
funding requests for you know big
hardware upgrades and stuff and so I've
seen the budget process all you need all
you need is a big pot of money and
somebody who's not checking to carefully
and people are going to ask for that
money that's the way it works somebody
says I'm cynical the difference between
cynical and correct tends to be how much
experience you have so if you don't have
much experience I look cynical if you
have experience I just looked corrected
know somebody somebody in the comments
says yes they're nodding in agreement
because they write grants so somebody
who writes grants is saying oh yeah yeah
we'll we'll throw the toothpaste and add
it to get some money it's a person who
writes grants don't take my guess take
it from the person who does it for a
loon or did it for a living
by chewing tobacco addiction is fully
come full circle to help me I tell you
we can't believe anything anymore
somebody says their company gets that
money and they're fully employed well
there you go yeah all these companies
that are close to a vaccine let me ask
you this why why were there not 30
therapeutics and 30 vaccines being
tested for every regular flu well I
guess they I'll retract the question
about the vaccines because that's a
special process but why don't we have
30 trials every year for the seasonal
flu that kills hundreds of thousands
around the world like why is it just
this year there's suddenly there are 30
things to test we didn't have 30 things
that were worth testing last year so
that's what makes me suspect that most
of them are not real
all right Oxford is supposedly close to
1 yeah I don't know what that means in
the vaccine world I think being close to
having a vaccine I'm not sure if it
means that you think in that world it
just means they're close to testing it
doesn't mean they're close to having one
thoughts on hospitals getting paid
39,000 for every person who dies on a
ventilator well that would seem some
optimal money corrupts but I doubt
doctors in the emergency room are making
that calculation now I can't rule it out
because we live in a terrible world so
maybe those doctors have been talked to
by the hospital administration or
something but I don't know about that I
think the most exciting thing happening
is the the nose capua or whatever it's
called so they found a way that instead
of using a ventilator they do a nose
thing wherein it just pushes warm moist
air up your nose and apparently they've
people rarely die and rarely need
ventilators if they do that but the
ventilator sort of a one-way trip
I think 97% don't make it out in some
places but in other places in other
places
half of the people are getting off of a
ventilator and in other places none of
them are or almost none why is it that
in some places people are getting off
the ventilator at least half of them and
other places hardly ever what oh it's a
cannula not a capilla capillary
something else cannula is the word for
the thing that goes up your nose thank
you for that cannula CA and then ula
thanks to all the people who were
telling me that alright that's enough
for today
- now it's enough for tonight and it's
enough for now it's enough for - now
that could be a word - now just because
it isn't alright that's all for now and
I will talk to you later