oh hey everybody let's get in here it's
time for a weekend version of coffee
with Scott Adams
I'm Scott Adams most of you are not but
you probably have a manga stein a couple
a glass of container it may have a
beverage in it I like coffee and join me
now for the simultaneous sip ready ready
ready
oh all right well we've got a few things
to talk about today there was a tweet by
aoc Alexandre Octavio no Alexandre okay
zo Cortez whose name I will never master
and she's talking about somebody who was
saying something about her childhood
upbringing so there's some conservative
Twitter follower who says that she grew
up in a nice neighborhood and went to a
nice school which conflicts with her
story that she piano hard childhood and
so her response to the critic is this
this is Alexander because you Cortez's
tweet she says replying to the
Republicans tweet she goes in which a
Republican literally tries to
mansplaining my own childhood and life
to me she's got a few typos here and in
true mansplaining form he's doing wrong
with a great degree of confidence it
begs the question is the GOP really
sending us their best now here's the
thing the tweet that she's referring to
doesn't have any main mansplaining about
it
it's it's somebody who just has a
different opinion what is the what is
the how do you distinguish between
someone who just has a different opinion
about how you're about how you are
presenting your story versus someone
who's mansplaining what what's the
difference between having an opinion
that differs from yours and mansplaining
she's taking this this criticism which I
don't know if it's true or not true I
don't really have an opinion of whether
the criticism is accurate or not and I'm
not sure I care you know it doesn't seem
terribly important to me but she turned
it into a sexist thing so she became the
thing that she hates
so if sexism is something you hate
you're not gonna like this because this
is pure anti male behavior and here's
the amazing thing she's totally gonna
get a pass for this when it is some of
the worst behavior you'll ever see in
public can you imagine somebody else and
I don't like to do the I don't like to
do the imagine you're a Republican thing
but can you think of any other context
in which it would be okay to criticize
somebody just for their gender because
that's all this is she's criticizing him
for his gender because there's nothing
that's mansplaining you about what he's
saying she just doesn't like it how in
the world would a let's say for example
african-american male vote Democrat
they've clearly thrown men under the bus
in that party and and certainly a black
man well you know what it what kind of
policies are the Democrats promoting
there would be good for black men in
this country I don't know what they're
offering
so that's enough on that
so somebody on Twitter tweeted to me and
says Scott do you still believe that the
Cuban sonic weapon was a case of mass
hysteria which was my initial my initial
prediction I guess you'd call it
now that doctors have confirmed doctors
have confirmed that there and I think
one other embassy maybe Canada that
there is some actual damage to brains
and actual health problems
now Scott now do you believe that it's a
real weapon to which I say no it's more
obvious than ever that it's mass
hysteria let's talk about how you could
tell a mass hysteria from a real thing
now keep in mind that if they discover a
weapon well then I'll just be wrong so
keep in mind that I'm aware that the
majority are all saying one thing and
then I'm very conspicuously going
against the majority of all the experts
so if I'm wrong is should this should be
quite evident here's what you would
expect with a mass hysteria you would
never find the person behind it and you
would never find the weapon now you
might say to yourself okay but that
doesn't prove anything
because there are such things as crimes
which are unsolved unsolved crimes are
not that unusual are they well I would
argue that unsolved crimes approach zero
when you have this many resources and
it's in an area that's full of you know
video cameras and you have the entire
resources the United States every every
possible resource you could have looking
for this weapon and now it's alleged to
have appeared in two different places
well maybe it would be hard to find it
in Cuba but isn't Canada
the other place in Canada surely they
have similar situation of video cameras
everywhere and you can find DNA and you
can track people and so here's the thing
my prediction is that there will never
be a weapon or a specific person
identified as the perpetrator okay so
the the theory that it's a mass Asteria
says you'll never find the shooter
because there is no shooter so so far
I'm right because how many crimes of
this level you know of this level
importance where the entire government
is putting all of its resources into it
how often does a crime like that not get
solved pretty much every time it gets
solved doesn't it
now we haven't waited long enough
perhaps maybe give it another year but
if five years from now we still haven't
found this sonic weapon which theory
looks better to you now keep in mind
there is no motive so if you had a crime
that had no motive
including insanity right because whoever
would whoever would be capable of having
a sonic weapon probably is not insane in
some classic way likewise if somebody is
insane in the classic way they might
want to you know just kill a bunch of
civilians or something you said it would
be a weird weird crime for an insane
person to do so there's that there's no
motive because who really wants the
United States yeah you know the who
wants the political people from
different countries to be injured even
the host country doesn't want that do
you know who didn't need do you know who
didn't want Americans to be injured in a
Cuban based embassy nobody wanted them
to be safer than the Cubans the Cubans
do not
this problem there's nothing good in
this for Cuba who else would want to do
it well I don't know I can't think of
anybody can you think of anybody who
would want to do this crime I can't now
if it was let's say it was a clever
terrorist attack wouldn't we see a lot
more of these because whoever it is has
this great weapon that apparently you
can use that will and and nobody nobody
ever gets caught so some people are
saying China but to what purpose
they'd have to have a reason can you
imagine China getting caught attacking
our ambassadors in an embassy can you
imagine that
I don't think China would do so now the
people now the real argument here is
that the doctors have found lots of real
problems so here's the question have we
done any kind of a controlled test with
these same doctors who have analyzed the
the people who say they're afflicted
because if you took I'll just say
hypothetically suppose you took a
hundred normal people who did not have
any kind of association with these
embassies and you told the doctors that
they might have been affected by a sonic
weapon that might have affected their
brains what would those doctors find
when they analyzed their brains I'm
pretty sure the doctors if they thought
they were looking for brain problems
would find them somebody's saying next
topic please I'm gonna block you so
anyway so I'm gonna triple down on my
prediction that that's a mass hysteria I
also have a challenge I have a challenge
to find I have a challenge to find me
somebody who really wants open borders
now I don't doubt that there's somebody
in the world who actually wants real
open borders but I think that it's a
mass hysteria meaning that I don't
really think there are actual serious
people who want an open border because
it would be really weird that I've never
met one and I can't identify one and I
can't put a name to anybody and yet it
seems the entire Republican Party
believes that this is a wildly popular
notion why can't I find one person to
say that to me in person to say yes I
like open borders I would like to get
rid of all the borders get be one person
just one person who's an American you
know not somebody from another country
but one ordinary American voter who
wants open borders you know you're gonna
name people like AOC they don't want
open borders that's crazy but and here's
the test it doesn't count if you're just
pointing to somebody else I want to talk
to that person so if you would like to
if if you can find one of these people
see if you can get them on my app on the
interface by one hub app and right after
right after I'm done I'll check and I'll
see if there's an open borders advocate
and if there is I'll called
I'll talk to them in person and I'll
find out if there's any serious person
who believes in open borders my
challenge is I don't believe it exists
and look how easy it would be to prove
me wrong just one person well I I need
to talk to them myself I'm gonna say
that's my test but just one person and
then I'll believe there is such a thing
as people who want open borders watch
this not happen there's a lot of news
this week about the tragic shooting of a
police officer by in
illegal illegal alien I guess who is a
gang member I prefer not talking about
the anecdotes
so as useful as these stories in are for
selling selling various political
purposes I've talked to Nick Gillespie
somebody just said Nick Gillespie I
don't think that he would say what you
think he's gonna say you know I
I've spent time with him personally so I
don't think you're characterizing his
view right because I think his view is
more hypothetical than practical like in
a perfect world we'd have open borders I
don't think he says that it's a
practical thing but we could check we
could test that so the reason I avoid
the anecdotal news is that it's nothing
but persuasion so it is very persuasive
to show a real live person well a real
disease person I guess who is the victim
of a tragedies if you're just trying to
persuade it works really well but if
you're trying to present the news it's
worse than worthless because it it
biases you to think that there's more of
a danger than there really is now the
danger is real but it makes you think
it's even bigger than it is when you
focus on the anecdotes so that's why I
don't do it so a lot of people will ask
hey why don't you talk about that
policeman who got murdered or that young
woman who was killed and I avoid those
stories intentionally because they are
nothing about persuasion and I don't
need to amplify them all right story
about the curves so the Kurds who fought
with us against Isis in Syria our
concern because we've announced that
we're gonna pull out our troops and that
would leave them exposed to a presumed
attack by Turkey who considers the Kurds
terrorists now here's the first thing
that's missing in the reporting I've
seen check me on this
I've seen many news stories which say
that the Turks consider the Kurds who
fought with us to be terrorists what I
haven't seen why why is it that the
Turks regarded those particular Kurds to
be terrorists against Turkey are they
because I'd like to see why they think
that shouldn't it matter to us that our
allies have labeled somebody a terrorist
now I get that they fought on our side
and I get that madness probably made
them certain guarantees of safety and we
should take that all very seriously but
shouldn't we also take seriously if one
of our military allies has labeled a
group a terrorist group now that might
be unfair and we might not want them to
label them that but can't we see some
examples can we not see why turkey is
labeling them that isn't that missing
from all the stories as any has anybody
seen
has anybody seen an explanation of why
Turkey would have such a you know such a
death wish
against people in another country and is
it because they're allies of Kurdistan
and what has Kurtis Tim done to Turkey
now I'm biased in favor of the Kurds
because they've been good allies of us
for us for a while there right so I'm
biased in favor of them but isn't the
isn't the news lacking
isn't there something that's just
missing in this so that's my first
observation that the story is incomplete
that said it appears that the Kurds
started negotiating with the Syrian
government to come in with their forces
and present some somewhat of a defense
in case Turkey was
of attacking turkey would be far less
likely to attack the actual government
of Syria their forces especially with
the Russian backing so the question is
with the Kurds be safe under this
situation or would they just be
victimized by the Syrian government
eventually you know once we lose
interest
well the Syrian government try to round
them up and kill their leaders 'we don't
know so there's a lot we don't know over
there it's sort of hard to have an
opinion about what's happening on the
ground and in men be that's the name of
the town man bein Syria so I think any
opinion that we have about that area has
to be temporary because there's probably
a lot we don't know about the situation
but here's the question I asked you if I
had said to you five years ago just
imagine here's the mental experiment
we'll go back five years in time and I
say to you hey the the government of
Syria is going to control a town in
Syria that's a big problem isn't it I
would say what why would it be a problem
if the legal government of Syria has
control over something that's the legal
property of the country of Syria how
does that make me less safe because it
seems like Syria does own Syria why
would it make sense that they wouldn't
own their own country now we know of
course the reasons that things are the
way they are but why is it that why is
it that it feels so dangerous to us when
if we'd gone back five years and just
said of course Syria controls that
territory it's Syria that wouldn't have
sounded so dangerous what it isn't
somebody say you are so done without any
reasons we'll get rid of you now and by
the way for those of you who might be do
I'm always open for a different opinion
but the people who come in like Dale and
say you're so dumb you're so dumb I
don't need reasons we don't really need
you so if you have reasons I would love
them because my entire point is that my
entire point here is that we don't know
what's going on over there we could use
more information but on the surface of
it it's hard for me to see it's hard for
me to see oh boo is behind me I thought
you were I thought people were mad at me
because everybody started saying boo
yeah like Oh am i doing something wrong
and everybody's booing me but it turns
out you're talking about my cat who his
name is boo behind me so I don't know
what to think of the whole Syrian
situation but it does look like the
Kurds have more than one way to get safe
and we hope that they succeed there's a
little debate online I'm having I'm not
sure I call it a debate but there's a
question about whether the world is
safer or less safe today than it has
ever been
now clearly it's safer in terms of let's
say eating because the poverty rate went
from like 40 percent desperately poor
during the Reagan administration to
something like 9% desperately poor now
and it seems like the desperately poor
number will will shrink to zero when in
a decade or two so that's all good but
there I made the argument that because
of our extreme connectivity connectivity
meaning that all the countries have you
know
Communications as well as travel as well
as commerce that those connections will
keep us safe and other people say no no
it's that hyper connectivity that
actually creates more systemic ripple
effect kind of risks that you know if
there's a problem in one place that
affects a replace or something like that
or somehow it Cascades some kind of
cascading problem but I gotta say it
sounds like professorial little
masturbation to me and one of the
arguments is that oh this is what we
said before world war one and it's the
same thing we said before world war two
and it wasn't true then so it's not true
now here's what's wrong with that
and I will use an analogy to make my
points let's say you wanted to drive
let's say I wanted to drive to Tahoe
from my house and I put half a tank of
gas in my car and I run out of gas
halfway to Tahoe should I conclude
therefore that there's no way to get to
Tahoe by putting gas in the car because
I put a half a tank of gas in my car
and I only got half way there therefore
should I conclude there's no way to get
to Tahoe no I should conclude that it
depends how much gas you put in your car
likewise when people say well history
repeats and if if we had connectivity in
World War one and that didn't stop World
War one and we had a connected world in
a world war two and that didn't stop
World War two therefore it's dumb to
think that it would ever stop it today
well I would say world war one was about
a quarter tank of gas World War two was
maybe half a tank of gas in terms of how
can I
did we are and now we're closer to a
full tank of gas at some point the level
of connectivity just makes it a
different thing you know you you can't
generalize from having a little bit of
connectivity that having a lot of
connectivity is exactly the same that is
bad thinking and that's the argument I
seem to be hearing from people but and
as I'll say for the billionth time
because I know I need to say it over and
over again analogies are great for
explaining a new idea a concept the way
I just used them but analogies are not
good as reasons in themselves so they're
not persuasive as reasons all right I
just tweeted right before I got on
periscope I tweeted a challenge and it
goes like this I challenge people on
Twitter to provide to me in the comments
the best link to an argument in favor of
climate change alarm in other words I
wanted to see a link to the one best
argument that makes the case most
convincingly the co2 that humans are
creating is warming the planet at an
alarming and dangerous rate you might be
wondering why am I asking for this link
because I'm going to do what I think no
one has ever done before or at least
I've never seen it and I've been looking
I have in my possession the most
persuasive climate skepticism link I've
ever seen and I'll present it to you
when I get the the other side first but
I want the best argument in favor of
climate change and when I have it I'm
going to tweet it and the same tweet
with the best argument this says it's
bogus have you ever seen that have you
ever seen the two best arguments in the
same place no you haven't
you've never seen them now I keep
arguing that why can't we see the the
two experts on the same stage and it
turns out that the reason seems to be
that either nobody wants to host it or
the the Pro climate scientists people
say I don't want to be on the same stage
because I would be legitimizing the
other side and maybe yeah Tony Heller is
exactly who I'm going to tweet I saw
extended presentation of his yesterday
and let me tell you this if you only see
the climate scientists point of view if
that's all you see
it is really persuasive if you didn't
view by itself it is completely
persuasive if you see Tony Heller's
presentation of his claims of what is
bogus in climate science if you watch
that you will be completely persuaded
that it's a hoax so those two there's
two different sides are completely
persuasive viewed alone so I'm gonna do
what nobody apparently has ever done I'm
gonna put them in the same tweet and I'm
gonna I'm gonna challenge the world to
read both of them I'm gonna say spend
ten minutes looking at this side and the
best argument and then 10 minutes
looking at the best argument on the
other side and I've done that right so
I've I have spent time looking at the
Pro and the con arguments and I'm going
to tell you the the argument that
climate change is is literally a hoax
well hoax is the wrong word literally a
scam let's say in other words that
people are doing illegitimate things to
get this result the argument that that's
true is really persuasive
now I want to be really careful because
I'll be taken out of context here when I
say something is persuasive that does
not mean it's true all right there's a
difference something can be really
persuasive and just be complete BS and I
wouldn't know the difference but here's
the interesting part
if you put the two arguments side by
side my my prediction is that anyone who
reads the two arguments side by side
will become a skeptic and I don't think
that I know anybody who believes in
climate science who has ever looked at
the good argument by a skeptic because
there are lots of different skeptics
right so some of the skeptics say oh
it's all solar activity they are not
credible so if you compare these solar
activity people to the regular climate
scientists the climate scientists win
again I'm not saying what's true I'm
only saying what's more persuasive so
the people saying it's all solar
activity are not persuasive they could
be right I would have no way of knowing
but they're not persuasive the people
who say that co2 is good in any amount
and that it doesn't matter how much we
have it's a it's a trace gas etc well
not the trace gas people but the people
who say that any amount of it is gonna
be better they're not really credible
because it seems as some point there
should be a problem
I don't know what that point is it might
be a hundred times more than we're
forecasting but at some point you're
gonna have too much aren't you
until I hear that argument the the side
that says more co2 is just fine it's not
credible it's like an incomplete
argument but the are the arguments that
is most persuasive is showing historical
records that the temperature that you
to be reported by NASA used to be
different than what they're reporting
now and that case looks pretty solid now
what's interesting is the case the best
skeptic and I think Tony Heller is the
name of the gentleman is an engineer by
training so the best skeptic is not a
scientist using an engineer by training
now you might say to yourself hey that's
no fair because an engineer is not a
scientist how can the scientist evaluate
scientific claims and the answer is he's
not he's not he's not evaluating any
scientific claims he's just looking at
the information that the scientists
themselves have presented so he doesn't
do anything except use the public
information and he shows you the public
information and you look at it he go
okay you didn't make up any of that that
is from the actual NASA records it's
from the news stories from NASA it's
from you know sources that he shows you
he explains every source so you could
check it yourself it is really really
persuasive is it true don't know that's
why I'd like to put the two arguments
together so I'm hoping both of them will
be video links because I just make it
equal because one of them is a video
link so I'd like both of them to be
video links because there might be a
difference between video persuasion and
text persuasion did you share that video
link on Twitter now I'm gonna wait until
I get a link from both sides Scott you
losing me on this one
you can give a reason tell me what you
tell me what your problem is was my dad
an engineer know he was a postal
employee
the first principles I don't know what
that is in this case what's the dumbest
experiment in history according to
according to Yale on musk I guess I
don't know what that means
all right I did not watch Ukraine on
fire read Michael Crichton's I've read
Michael Crichton's stuff alright
I will talk to you all later