bow-bow bow-bow bow-bow bow-bow bow-bow
hey everybody come on in here Lena
Hannah basket and Tyler and Andrew and
Miriam get out of here
today we have fun news sometimes the
news is not as fun as it is today but
it's all kinds of fun news today so
it'll be fun it'll be fun
because the news is fun hello from
Grenada do you have your container for
liquids some call it a class maybe a mug
you could call it a diner jealous
possibly a thermos but if you're
prepared you filled it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure of
the simultaneous up good stuff all right
so I promised you that this was I was
going to talk about one of the best
weeks ever for the president but you
have to you have to sort of pick and
choose your news and read between the
lines and forecast a little bit so I'm
going to do that for you to show you
that this was really an amazing week an
amazing week let me tell you why number
one there's a story I think cheryl
atkinson our report of this but out of
montana
so montana is doing their own experiment
with healthcare expenses and they
actually found somebody who knew enough
about how the whole system works that
they they fired their healthcare insurer
for that for the state health care so
I'm only talking about state employees I
believe and they managed to negotiate
and find out what real costs were at
hospitals and they managed to cut out
middlemen and do a number of things and
through completely capitalist
methods meaning that there was no
socialism involved all they did is
negotiate harder get better information
push more find out where the where the
waste is they they so substantially
reduced their cost of healthcare that
they were from a deficit to a gigantic
surplus now why is this important
it's important because they prove the
concept I've been telling you forever
that if you're arguing that you should
have this kind of health care or this
kind of health care for the country that
you're not one of the smart people in
the conversation doesn't matter which
side you're on
if you're saying we should definitely
have you know the single-payer health
care or you're saying we should
definitely not have it you're not part
of the intelligent conversation the
intelligent conversation goes like this
we've got 50 states some of them are
gonna want to try some different stuff
let's let them try let's let them try
their own method see what works Montana
tried their own method it was a
capitalist as opposed to a socialist
version of of a solution and it worked
and it worked really well now what it
apparently the bottom line is that there
are so many people involved in the
healthcare world that are just stuff in
their pockets with profits it turns out
there's a lot of extra money out there
that you could just suck out of the
system and put it give it back to the
taxpayers so what is the biggest problem
in the country well some would say
health care I mean that's in the it's in
the top three no matter what one of the
top problems in the country
looks like the capitalist system where
you test things small the smart way has
already produced a tremendous
opportunity so other people are going to
study what happened in Montana they're
going to pick the parts they like now
what I don't know yet is how scalable
this
so we'll find that out it sounds like it
could be but we'll see so it's one of
the one of the most important things
that's happening in the country and I
think cheryl atkinson will be the only
one talking about it you know as usual
because the thing is that it looks like
a small story but the big story is that
everything big like health care should
be tested small and if you get a good
result from the small test that's a big
story even even though it has it become
big here's another piece of good news
gavin newsom no friend of the president
in terms of politics they might like
each other personally but in terms of
politics gavin newsom Democrat governor
of california said that he actually
likes president Trump's Opportunity
Zones and you know he talked about the
fact that that's an unusual thing to say
if you're a Democrat but the opportunity
zones are aimed at who the opportunity
zones are aimed at the poorest of the
poor in urban areas I think they're all
urban areas but it's the poorest of the
poor which would be disproportionately
beneficial to minorities and the black
population in particular so somebody's
saying it's urban and rural which should
be better but in in both cases it's it's
aimed at the poorest among society which
is very much beneficial to the black
community and works against you know
whatever whatever things people think
about this president so now you have a
Democratic governor a voice very
credible voice saying okay I don't agree
with the President on a whole bunch of
stuff but on this thing that's good for
the poor and for black people in
particular just gives the demographic
breakdown he got it right that's a big
deal it's a big deal in terms of how you
think about the president all right very
big deal
here's another one CNN did a report
about a study that said that 30% I
almost can't say this without laughing
because it's so funny 34 percent of
Latinos support Trump so the American
citizens
34 percent of them supports the
president now the first thing you should
say is well wait a minute that means two
out of three do not support the
president isn't that the story should
the story be that you buy it by a margin
of two to one
Latinos do not like the president that's
the story right well here's the question
and I pose the same question all the
time but it's it's useful in a variety
of contexts if three people are standing
in a room and two of those people say
look at the elephant and there's an
elephant in the room here with us it's
standing right in front of us and the
third person says I don't see an
elephant and the other two say what do
you mean you don't see the elephant are
you kidding me we're in a small room
with an elephant it's right there look
at it you know my friend sees it two of
us see it you don't see the elephant if
that's all you know about the story is
there an elephant in the room more often
than not no there's no elephant in the
room because it is unusual for someone
to subtract something from the
environments right in front of them in
other words you it's if somebody has a
hallucination or a we're a false kind of
view of the world
they're usually adding something to it
it's not a hundred percent of the time
but as a general rule somebody's adding
something to the environment that wasn't
there there they're imagining that
there's a conspiracy they're adding the
conspiracy to the situation if you have
one person in the room out of three who
can't see the elephant there's probably
no elephants if the other two see it is
probably because one of them who's
hallucinating and convinced the other
one that he sees it so there might be
two hallucinations going on but
hallucinations are viral that's what
causes a hysteria you get a hysteria
because people feed off the other
people's hallucination my god you saw
that this my neighbor is a witch well I
wasn't seeing it before but now that you
mention it I'm pretty sure I do see a
witch when I look at her now so if you
have two out of three
Latinos saying this president is a
monster and he hates us but you have one
third who are looking at exactly the
same information and they say we don't
see it we knows it we're looking at the
same stuff you're looking at and one
third of us don't see it generally that
means is not there now I can't say that
this rule works in every situation in
every way but follow it keep keep this
rule in your mind and tell yourself okay
you hear a story about five friends go
into the forest for them report that
they were picked up by an alien ship and
probed the fifth one says that didn't
happen
was there an alien ship no no because
the one who's believable is this is the
one who didn't see the hallucination
there are always the believable one the
one the people who are adding something
to the environment are usually the ones
who are wrong all right
here's some more did you see the
president's tweet he retweeted Brad
parse Cal's tweet in which Brad was
mocking mr. Kelley and Conway so the
husband of Kellyanne Conway keeps saying
negative things about Trump and he said
some more stuff recently we don't need
to know his first name
he's just mr. Kelly Ann Connolly for our
purposes today he's just mr. Kelly and
Conway so that's what Brad parse Kayla
referred to a mess
then the president tweeted I think he's
just said what a loser
which first of all I love the fact that
that's become normalized you know people
always say don't normalize that don't
normalize this I love the fact that the
president can just mock this guy call
him a loser and it's now normalized as
presidential behavior like we're not
really even we're not terribly offended
no but nobody's nobody's talking about
hey we've got to get that twenty-fifth
amendment thing working because the
president called somebody a loser on
Twitter presidents can't do that my god
the president can't act that way now
we're just used to it
we're completely normalized that the
President of the United States tweeted
that the husband of one of his closest
advisors is a loser totally normal now
and I don't see any reason it couldn't
be because it doesn't hurt anybody but
it takes it takes this you know the job
of the presidency and he has literally
combined it with a reality TV star mode
he does it for the entertainment now the
entertainment has a function which is it
moves your attention to where he wants
it to be wants it to be so it was
probably a slow news day and wasn't much
else to tweet and and he was looking for
an opportunity to slap down kellyanne's
husband but here's the fun part do you
think that the president tweeted that
without talking to Kellyanne first now
maybe not that day but I can guarantee
you that the president and Kellyanne at
some point recently had a conversation
where the president said look I'm gonna
have to hit him back you know that right
and Kelly and Conway probably laughed
and said of course well why would I
expect you wouldn't of course you have
to hit him back so the funniest part of
the story is imagining the conversation
between the president and Kelly and
Conway before it happened
because you know they talked about right
so that's the funniest part of that
story here's a another fun story is that
Ben oh it had to apologize for his I
guess you'd call it a joke in which he
said his wife was raising the children
sometimes with his help
and people said what do you mean
sometimes with your help men you know
the man has to be fifty percent involved
to which I say one of them is running
for president the other one is not
running for president I always think I
would think that whichever one the man
or the woman which everyone is running
for president might have a little less
time might have a little less time so
what I'm suggesting is that beto
start campaigning with one of those
BabyBjorn things you know the things
where the is usually the dad when I see
it it could be the mother but it's
usually that where's this little
contraption where the baby is attached
to your chest he should just take that
on the campaign trail now I know what
you're saying his youngest kid is I
think nine years old still he's a big
guy he could probably strap a nine year
old he's pretty tall right he can strap
a nine year old to his BabyBjorn and
just have that nine year old just hang
in there and just walk around with with
your nine year old just strapped to your
chest it would be amazing that's not
going to happen all right
the ADL which is I understand a
left-leaning organization did a study
and they found that right-wing
extremists murder is actually down under
under Trump's administration now they
don't report it exactly that way because
apparently right-wing extremism has been
high in the recent years so compared to
say twenty years ago the rate of
right-wing extremism or white supremacy
extremism is higher than his bed but
here's the interesting part
it was way higher in the last two years
of Obama
so without exaggerating it is a fact
that right-wing extremism in terms of
killing went way down as soon as Trump
got elected now I saw somebody I was in
Twitter saying oh yeah yeah but that's
because the last two years of the Obama
administration you know Trump was
already starting to campaign at least in
2015 so so really it was about Trump
campaigning in 2015 to which I say
that's a pretty weak argument if it's
true that the last two years of Obama's
presidency had much higher white
supremacy right-wing violence than the
first two years of the Trump presidency
it's kind of hard to pin it on Trump
kind of hard alright I saw that dallisa
with Warren came out in favor of
reparations I don't think she's alone
right maybe you can help me with the
names of the other Democrats who have
gotten on that position but if there's
one thing I can tell you this predictive
we're not going to have the next
president the next president will not be
somebody who ever said hey let's think
about reparations now some of you know
that I've actually written about
reparation and I've sort of done the
mental experiment of could you do it it
is there a way to do reparations which
could be beneficial to heal some you
know historical wound but here's the
important part could you do it without
taking it from white people who don't
have any money it wouldn't make sense to
tax white people who don't have anything
or have very little to give it to black
people because of
because the legacy of racism and maybe
because of an institutional racism that
persists when the white people aren't
doing well you know at least the bottom
the bottom part of the white people
category so could you could you come up
with some way to do it where maybe only
the richest are taxed or maybe there's
only some category of thing that's taxed
could you imagine for example that let's
say we charge immigrants to come into
the country and that that's the only tax
and it goes toward reparations so you
could imagine the tax we're the only
people paying it are people coming into
the country from the outside so you
could you could game the system until
there's something that looks like
reparations without taking money from
white people and just transferring it to
black people all right which would be
the the the pot the unpopular way to do
it so but here's my point there is no
situation in which somebody even using
the word reparations can become
president so if you want to do you're
predicting of who might become president
you can subtract everybody who said well
I think about reparations I give a
reparations to spend then nobody's going
to become president with that plan they
might get nominated but there's no way
they can ever win the election so we
have a report about I guess 60 minutes
did a report about the alleged sonic
weapon allegedly used in what the Cuban
embassy in Canada and China or something
and on Twitter when one of my Twitter
buddies said well doesn't this show that
is real and so I looked at the
transcript and I thought no it doesn't
show that what it does show is that
there are lots of people who think
Israel what's missing are a motive
of the the weird places that have
happened like what what what government
or person is concerned about the u.s.
having embassy personnel in Cuba
like what Cuba doesn't want to start
trouble the Cuba would be the last
country that wanted to do something like
attack American diplomats it's the last
thing they'd want to do what about
Russia probably about the last thing
they'd want to do what about anybody can
you think of anybody who would want to
do it even if you go all the way to
Islamic terrorists even they wouldn't do
it in those countries they'd do it
somewhere else right so there there's no
motive for it
but you also have strong indications
that some number of people who
complained of symptoms do not have
symptoms that could be traced to
anything except no chance you know just
normal symptoms so you know you know
some of the people complaining are not
the victims of a weapon so that would be
you know a requirement afford to be a
mass hysteria is you can confirm some of
the people who believe the weapon was
used in them you can you can know for
sure that that's not true so that's I
think that's the case there's some
people who are definitely not credible
claims you would need something like a
motive even if you've stretched your
imagination and I can't stretch mine
enough to find a motive you would need
to assume it's probably something like a
state actor because it would be hard to
build such a weapon and it would be even
harder to smuggle it in what three
different countries and set it up and
then get away with it you would need
something like direct evidence in other
words not just looking at the people but
you'd you know like having on camera
somebody running away with a sonic
weapon or something so here's the bottom
line
so 60 minutes has reported basically
that it's a sonic weapon no I don't
think they go so far as to say it's true
I think they stopped short of that and
the evidence suggests you have that kind
of an approach I'm gonna stick with my
original prediction that they will never
find direct evidence that they might
find lots of indirect stuff like people
complaining about things they might find
people who have brain damage but I
predict there will never be a direct to
finding of an actual weapon now if I'm
wrong add that to my list of wrong
predictions if I'm right well there you
go
the news today says that Devin Nunez has
filed a two hundred fifty million dollar
lawsuit against Twitter the allegations
are that I guess he doesn't like Twitter
keeping things up there that are bad for
conservatives but taking down things
quickly that are would have been bad for
the people on the left so that's his
claim I don't know what the fact is
behind that that's the claim and then
something about channel banning during
the election I think that's or maybe
continuing so as shadow banning and it's
that of the claim now I have a strong
interest in Twitter not going away so
the last thing I want is for Twitter to
go into business I definitely don't want
that most of you don't want that either
because Twitter is really it's it's no
longer just a product it's it's sort of
evolved into the public mind it's almost
like you know the public brain is now
merged with Twitter you know it's that
like that the thinking that happens in
this country is largely informed by
Twitter interactions and then it becomes
the news and then everybody ears about
it so in my opinion Twitter is sort of
the brain of civilization right now so I
don't think you want it to go out of
business who knows what that would look
like but I'll make a prediction
there will be no finding that the senior
levels of Twitter were aware of
shenanigans with the algorithms
meaning that there will be no finding
that Jack Dorsey in particular was aware
of anybody tinkering with anything for
bad purposes
he's certainly aware that there are lots
of people on the Left who work for the
company so that part's already in
evidence he said that a number of times
my best hypothesis based on my own
experience is that the so called
algorithm probably has a lot of people's
fingers in it meaning it's probably a
big complicated thing and when I say a
lot of people maybe half a dozen maybe a
dozen that most could be could be just
two I don't know but maybe half a dozen
people at Twitter have any control over
any variable that goes into the
algorithm that's just a guess now it's
only based on experience working for big
companies sort of a sort of a general
knowledge of the world all right so I'm
not you know I wouldn't bet my life on
that but probably a small number of
people have control over the algorithm
and I think that we may someday find out
that one or more of them had there had
their finger on the scale but I don't
think you'll find that it's in your
senior management that's my prediction
all right here's a interesting question
of all of the mass murders by gun so if
you look at all the mass murders by gun
in the United States how many of them
were performed by a current member of
the NRA I've never seen that stat have
you wouldn't you like to know if being
in the NRA lowers your risk of being a
mass killer to zero because I think it
kind of does doesn't it and this this
suggests an interesting an interesting
path that's completely not obvious an
interesting path for reducing gun
violence and the path goes like this
let me I'm just gonna throw this out
here the this is an incomplete idea
those of you who follow me know that I
sometimes throw incomplete ideas because
it changes how you you know think about
things and maybe somebody can say well
your idea is not quite right but if you
added this change that could actually
work so what I'm going for is the bad
version of the idea and then think about
it for a while and maybe there's
something you could add to it that would
slightly change it into a good idea and
here's the bad version of the idea what
if a requirement for owning a gun or
let's say buying a gun requirement for
buying a gun is he had to join the NRA
now you should say to yourself well that
doesn't make sense because just the fact
that you're forced to join the NRA that
doesn't say anything about your
intentions right if it's just something
you have to check off on the list but my
my belief is that the NRA is sort of a
positive brainwashing organization
meaning that they influence their
members toward peaceful use of guns and
even if you were just forced to join and
you started seeing gun safety
information because let's say you got on
the mailing list and let's say you
bought a gun and the and you're
automatically put into the NRA even
though you didn't want to be Oh
somebody's saying maybe just for rifles
alright but hold that idea so you're put
into the NRA even though you don't want
to be now they start sending you stuff
about Oh for 20 bucks or I don't know
how much it costs you could buy a gun
lock you know a trigger lock for your
gun now this might be somebody who'd
never would have thought of that wasn't
really on the radar I don't really need
a trigger lock but now the NRA sent it
to them it along with the article that
says it will reduce the number of
accidental deaths in your house my you
know X percent of whatever so the person
says huh alright I'll get a gun look and
now that guy's teenage kid
can't take that gun to school and the
NRA
what about would have been the sort of
the force that stopped it because it
just educated the gun owner well a
little bit extra passively you know the
gun owner wasn't looking to get educated
just check the mail and there was a gun
lock advertisement it made them think
about gun locks maybe they get one
alright so the point is could you use
what we know about the benefits of the
NRA
which is there the probably the lowest
level of gun violence of any group
ironically right now that's because you
don't join unless you're already you
know highly disposed toward nonviolent
use of guns that's what makes you join
right you're not the bad guy but the NRA
also has a pretty good idea of what
people are up to would they would being
a member of the NRA make it easier to
know if you are up to no good maybe you
talked to a friend and the friends in
the NRA and the friend says the stuff I
heard from Bob it's starting to worry me
and as a member of the NRA the last
thing I want is for another member of
the NRA to go kill a bunch of people
with guns so if you were in the NRA and
you knew that your per your let's say
your brand was now connected to them and
you heard somebody doing something
suspicious maybe either they're
requiring too many of the wrong kind of
guns and you say to yourself well I know
they don't hunt wouldn't you be a little
more likely to drop a dime maybe inform
somebody so it's a general statement and
here's the idea the idea is that maybe
being a member of a club that is
dedicated to peaceful use of firearms
would have a number of indirect
influences that would cause people to
use them less for violence maybe all
right another topic speaking of guns
there's yet another design and the news
of somebody who turned a small drone
into a rifle so basically they put an
actual rifle inside the drone and it
just flies where it needs to fly and it
shoots the gun and kill somebody now let
me tell you where the world's going
here's where it's goin pretty soon those
little drones are gonna have GPS in them
so that even if you jammed the signal
they would still know where to go so you
you could jam the connection between the
the person controlling it and the drone
which is the current technology but if
the drone were self-contained and just
had a GPS on it I think it would keep
going if it were designed to do that
secondly it won't be long before the
drone can do facial recognition so how
long will it be before I can 3d print my
own drone and gun I could take it out to
my porch I could say there's some
political leader who's gonna be at this
this geography giving a speech outdoors
and here's what his face looks like and
I just send my drone from my my own
driveway at home and it flies three
miles with this gun it goes to the GPS
coordinates of the person you want to
assassinate and then it starts looking
and until it gets a face match it
doesn't do anything as soon as it gets
the face match it kills
how far away are we from that technology
it's kind of here it's sort of here if
you wanted to make a plastic gun that
could fire one bullet I think you could
3d print that now how much of the the
actual 3d I'm sorry how much of the
drone could you print today with a 3d
printer well most of the parts you know
certainly all the plastic parts all
right so that's coming something to look
forward to so my guess is that
3d printers will be illegal or at least
3d printers that are that capable will
be illegal or your 3d printer can only
work by being connected to the internet
so imagine the 3d printers by law can
only work if they're connected to the
Internet and the reason for that would
be so that Big Brother can watch what
your date with 3d printing alright so
they would know if you 3d printed a
drone gun I think that's where it's
going alright I have a prediction for
2020
are you ready here's my 2020
presidential prediction than a landslide
for President Trump now that's a
straight line prediction and that
prediction depends on something that's
not going to happen so it depends on no
big news between now and 2020 alright so
if everything just went the way it's
going it will be a landslide for the
president
here are the forces which are lining up
in one new one that I'm going to add the
forces are that the the Democrats are
going to be savaging each other for
months it's going to reduce the amount
of negative attention on the president
by about half and the reason it's going
to reduce the pressure on the president
in terms of how the news treats them is
because of the shelf space of the news
is the amount of hours that they can
spend on stuff has to be dedicated to
this new thing which is all these
Democrats trying to get nominated so
because they will suck up shelf space
and because it used to be that a hundred
percent of that shelf space was
anti-trump necessarily just by math the
the negative coverage of the president
is going to reduce by half before the
election now of course that half is
going to get vicious but it also matters
how often you see stuff so the frequency
of reports is a big part of what makes
you convinced this
things true the frequency of bad news
about the president could go down by 50%
just because you have all this other
stuff to talk about and they will be
damaging themselves like crazy and
trying to get left of each other etc
until whoever is left will not be viable
the the most likely result of the
Democratic primary is the nomination of
a non viable candidate
what does non-viable mean well as I said
earlier if one of the candidates that
gets nominated has also been strong on
reparations there isn't any chance they
can get elected there's just no chance
that that's just that a complete loser
way to go now on top of that you're
gonna see a whole bunch of positive news
for the president likely know again I'm
only straight lining the prediction like
if things go the way they're going so if
things go the way they're going you
probably will see the president winding
down military in Syria winding down
operations in Afghanistan getting to a
better result in Yemen through our
pressure you might see you're probably
going to see stops and starts with North
Korea but I don't think you're gonna see
them testing another nuclear weapon so
people are gonna say well or at least
we're talking so things are going well
in that area so you probably could have
one of the strongest presidential
performances of all time on top of that
I think he's going to be able to put
together some health care story that is
similar to say look what Montana did
we're going to take that model where
they reduce their health care expenses
substantially and we're just going to
try to reproduce it now that would be a
strong story compared to the the
socialist model so if nothing changes
it's going to be a massacre the you know
the president is going to win easily but
just to make sure that there's no doubt
I'm going to introduce to you the kill
shot for socialism I've
watching all the experts on TV trying to
argue against the socialism and I would
say failing failing almost completely
because it's hard to argue against you
know health care and education and the
things that they talk about that are the
positives you know protecting the
economy etc but are you ready for the
kill shot
socialism is risky
socialism is risky uh-huh one word risky
because here are the things that
everyone agrees the economy is the
strongest it's ever been the United
States is probably the strongest it's
ever been we are the most stable
powerful competent country in the
history of civilization we are at our
very best in terms of stability strength
economics military period socialism even
if you believe it's a good idea is risky
it's risky because it's a big change to
a system that's never been better
so you're gonna have the best system
that has ever existed in the history of
civilization and I think you could quite
credibly claim that the United States is
that system strongest best economy just
the best of everything you know for the
most part that's an exaggeration but
very sound if you say to voters who are
largely older you know that socialism
that they're talking about with that
green new deal that might be that there
might be something to that but it's
risky and it's a risk of complete
collapse it's really risky now could you
sell socialism is risky well yes you say
socialism has killed hundred million
people though socialism is what gave you
Venezuela socialism
is what gave you and you could give
other examples now let me tell you how
people have been doing it wrong here's
the wrong way to to argue against
socialism socialism has killed a hundred
million people in history if that's all
you say is that persuasive no because
the first thing I say is oh and having
universal health care in Canada
destroyed Canada what the hell are you
talking about
don't tell me about your socialism
killed a hundred million people I'm
looking at Canada and they're doing fine
they got universal health care all right
so it's a ridiculous thing to say so the
people saying historically in these
general ways
countries that are completely different
and in a different place and time had
about bad outcome that's not persuasive
that's just that something different
happened in a different place in a
different time that has no impact on the
fact that I I look at candidates say oh
they have universal health care what the
hell are you talking about 100 million
people died how many people died in
health in Canada because they have
universal health care zero you know so
it's a ridiculous argument unless you
have first framed it as socialism being
risky if risky is the frame then you say
I'm not saying that 100 million people
are going to die I'm saying that's the
way it's usually gone and that's the
risk we're talking about if you say we
will turn into Venezuela people say
we're not freaking Venezuela all right
there's nothing about Venezuela there
really is comparable to the United
States and again Canada health care
right we're not talking about Venezuela
dictator we're talking about health care
so Venezuela just by itself is not that
persuasive because I think people look
at and go it's just a different
situation where we don't really line up
with that situation so why would we get
the same result but if you start by
saying our
system is really strong and it's
producing more people under health care
and we've got a lot more we can do but
this is our strongest game the
alternative might have some good points
to it but it's really risky and could
destroy the entire system and it's risky
because it's such a big change to a
system that's working well if something
is working really well do you break it
now people will say what it's not
working really well but they still
understand that the United States is the
strongest country in the world so even
if you said well there's all these
problems in the United States and you
know they're poor people and the
difference in income and you know these
are all true but nobody's gonna argue
the basic point that the United States
is the strongest nation in the world on
a lot of different levels so here's the
kill shot you don't say
capitalism is better than socialism
that's a losing path you say that I
don't know if socialism is good or bad
but it's pretty damn risky when you've
got something that's working great
that argument pretty much guarantees
Trump gets reelected unless there's some
some new news that we don't know about
all right see if we talk about
everything so far yes I believe we have
one of these days I'm going to do a I'm
gonna do a breakdown of of the
candidates the Democratic candidates and
I'll give you the persuasion filter on
all the candidates I'm gonna wait a
little bit on that you bi by the way it
is inevitable it's just when that
happens that's that's the question
just when does it happen did I block
Talib I did yes I blocked Talib let's
let me mention one more thing when when
people develop products this is a
completely different topic when people
develop products they usually say
things such as this will make you more
efficient this is fun this is does a
function it solves the problem right so
we talk about a product in terms of what
it does for you but we sometimes miss
the fact that the big the the objective
of life is happiness right and I and ask
myself what products would you create
and what products would you choose to
use if the way you manage your life is
for happiness versus solving problems so
for example your I'll use let me use
Facebook isn't simple Facebook you can
say solves a problem per se in the sense
that that Facebook allows you to share
pictures with people etc allows you know
friends and whatever but does Facebook
make you happy if you ask yourself does
using Facebook make me happy then would
you use it
but I think the answer is no and and
when did we get away from happiness
being the thing now I think people would
agree that Facebook is closer to a sort
of a social requirement or an addiction
or something but it's not something that
you'd say I want a product that makes me
happy so I think I'll go use in Facebook
now let me give you the opposite example
so Facebook is hugely excessive
successful because it's addictive right
and take my company is product called
approach now but my startup has a few
different products you've heard about
the interface one that's one where you
can talk to an expert or you can donate
to somebody so you can sign up for the
interface app and you automatically get
a button on the app for people to donate
to you if you're a creator or an artist
so that's a that would be a alternative
to patreon it cetera but one of our
products is called
approach and it's a little personal app
that lets you do what the uber app does
but without a car in other words you can
just tell somebody where you are and
then you can track each other on the way
to a meeting now the the app is free
it's called approach you can find it in
both stores and it works across you know
Apple and Android so you can doesn't
matter which one you have on either side
and you don't need to have the app on
the receiving side so if I have the app
I can send you a link you never have to
download the app you just click the link
and a browser page will come up with a
map it's not as good as having the app
because you can't initiate an approach
but for the purposes of meeting is
perfect now let me contrast this do you
remember the first time you used uber
and you could tell that the ubirr car
was coming because you can see it on
your app didn't that make you happy it
wasn't just that you found another mode
of transportation
uber was not directly just a way to get
from a place to another place what uber
did was they they sold you happiness
every single time I look on the app and
I can tell that the car is coming and I
know the name of the driver I know the
name of the car and I know exactly when
he's going to be there and I can send
him a message in case something comes up
every time I use that it makes me happy
all right
likewise every time I meet somebody in
my personal life and I've used this app
both I and the recipient are happy we're
happy because this makes me happy I can
know exactly where people are now by the
way the app isn't free but if you want
to brand it the way this one's branded
you see at the top it's got a little
advertisement from my book if you wanted
to brand it as a company so I said Bob's
plumbing there's an in-app purchase
where you just upload your graphic and
then the recipient of it looks like
you're a professional business that has
your own app so if you were a small
company that has
several service trucks you could just
download this for free
and you could use it for Freight and it
would make all of your customers happy
every time they every time you said you
run the way they'd be happy because you
were the one service company that
actually showed where your truck was
right but very much like door - does it
Center except a better visual so if you
know anybody who's got a small fleet of
trucks and they don't want to spend any
money and they want to make their
customers happy this would do it but the
larger point is called the approach app
but the larger point is that we don't
really think in terms of what makes us
happy we think we think in terms of
solving problems and maybe we need to
step back every now and then and say
yeah that product would solve my problem
but would it make me happy all right
that's all for now and I will talk to
you later