got Rumble in the house locals in the
house anybody from YouTube YouTube there
you
go hello Kevin on YouTube looks like
we're all
here good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams I'm
pretty sure there's never been a better
time
and if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that the normal
human brain cannot comprehend comprehend
comprehend comprehend all you need is a
c muger glass a tanker chal or Stein a k
Jugger flask of vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine of the
day the thing makes everything better
it's called the Sun
Sip and it happens now
go I'm pretty sure if you refresh your
feed on locals you'll get the
video but I will test that myself by
doing it on my own to see if that does
make a
difference all right locals let's see if
we can get video on
you boom yes restarting your locals will
give you video and you will be
happy well there's a new study uh Ellen
Juan in the epoch times is talking about
the health benefits of coffee it just
keeps coming you've heard about the
health benefits of coffee but oh my
goodness it just can't stop it just
can't stop so now we we found that
uh um numerous health benefits one is
that it uh does something with your
trinoline and your things and your sarop
and your mus muscle
loss and that's scientific talk for it's
good for your muscles especially as your
age now I hope I didn't bog you down in
all the technical details but if you
missed it it's like uh
beine and your
 and so that's that's for those of
you who want more detailed U
study but also drinking 3 to five cups
per day 65% lower risk of developing
dementia and that's either totally true
or I already have
dementia one of those things is true I'm
going to bet on my coffee is keeping me
sharp and then there's a another study
that says coffee drinking was associated
with the reduced risk of chronic
diseases several of them all right so do
we finally understand the mystery that
we've all been wondering about I know
you've been wondering Scott what makes
you look so sexy and vital and young and
strong and smart it's the coffee right
and I was wondering the same thing about
all of you cuz every time I see a
picture or hear about one of you
you're just killing it you're so sexy
and smart and strong it's the coffee and
if you're just watching us drink coffee
because you don't drink coffee and I
like to say coffee a lot coffee coffee
well you're probably getting stronger
and smarter just by associating with us
yeah sort of a halo effect there's no
science to back that up but I'll bet my
life on
it all right unry it's a Japanese
company has developed a uh a
robot that you can I think it's
available now so $116,000 will get you a
robot that's 4 foot2 and can do all
kinds of things and it's got zillions of
motors on it and can run around your
house and keep your company I guess I am
so getting a robot now I don't know how
uh I don't know how Tesla is going to
compete with a $116,000 robot because I
can't imagine
that you could beat that price point
unless it's a maybe they're trying to
lose money and gain market share or
something that seems too cheap but we'll
see so you'll have a robot I would
expect to have a robot certainly in
2025 by
2025 I think there's a very high chance
that you'll see me on this live stream
and right over my shoulder will be my
house
robot and and I might use it for you
know interacting with the audience I
think that's I think that's one year
from now actual robot
sidekick well Amazon's has a
self-driving taxi Robo taxi thing called
zukes and they're getting investigated
by the US government because apparently
two of its vehicles um break suddenly
and were rear ended by
motorcyclists so two of them rear ended
by motorcyclists you know what's
interesting is if the executives of the
company are found guilty of some crimes
and they go to jail for
this They too had a good chance of being
rear ended by two
motorcyclists that's all I have to say
about that but I do wonder if a Amazon
self-driving car is using lidar or is it
using Vision I I heard Elon Musk talking
the other day that all the self-driving
cars using lidar are
losers because lidar is expensive and
not nearly as good as vision is just
really really really really hard to get
to Vision unless you're a massive you
know highly scaled up company so uh so
Elon Musk is all in on the car just
seeing and understanding its
environment so
lar maybe it's the best
there's a story that actor Steve busemi
was punched in the face by a maniac in
New York City there are reports that um
the ambulance crew when they were taking
him to the hospital that he was
screaming the whole time all the way to
the hospital that's terrible now what
was he
screaming oh oh he was screaming nobody
punched me my face always looks like
this let me go Release Me
that's what he was
screaming no that's not true he was
actually attacked by an as salent and
there's nothing funny about violence
there's nothing funny about
that ghost writer uh Joshua lysac has a
interesting take on the Christy gnome
shooting the dog story you may or may
not know that I'm working with Joshua
lysek on republishing my books got
cancelled he's helping me edit and um
put that publication deal Al well the
the process all
together and very soon you're going to
see God's debris the the
trilogy um that will be a one book with
a new short story that I added so the
God's debris and the religion war and a
new sh story called Lucky House are all
going to be in one book and should be
available real real soon I've got the uh
sample copy that I'm doing a final pass
on and soon as that uh soon as that
makes me happy I'll push the button or
Joshua will push the button and it will
be available but I'll let you know about
that it's not ready yet anyway here's
Joshua take as a professional highly
experienced famous Ghost Writer
himself he
says the story about Christy gnome's
dog might be totally made
up now I have to I have to admit that
did occur to me as well now how could
that possibly be true you might ask how
could it possibly be true that a story
with such specifics would be totally
made up well Joshua explains now we
don't know that this is true right but
as he explains
it the the way a ghost writer works with
a famous person is that the famous
person doesn't have a ton of time so
they're going to do stuff like all right
here's a link to all my interviews and
here's my social media account go check
that and I've got two hours to you know
dump my opinions on you but I won't see
you again for three months you or
something like that so The Ghost Writer
ends up trying to build a a
story that really is The Ghost Writer
story because they don't have access to
continuous interaction with the subject
that writing about and so
Joshua uh puts forth the speculative
hypothetical that the conversation might
have gone something like this when you
write the book say something about how
hard it is to be you know a farmer or
work a farm and that it's sort of a uh a
tough environment and you got to be a
tough person make me make me look like
I'm a a tough
person and then next you know she's
shooting a
dog and so Joshua challenges uh
challenges the story I guess to prove
that the dog ever existed so the
question is not whether she shot a dog
but whether there was ever a dog and I
think that that is actually the right
question I would say the odds that the
dog actually ever
existed 50 to
75% there there's a solid 25% is that's
just made up and I think that's a good
addition to the story so whether or not
that dog the dog is made up or not she
wouldn't really be able to deny it could
she because if it was made up she'd have
to say that she didn't read her own her
own story and there was one part of her
story that was in there about her
meeting Kim
Jong-un how how do you how does a ghost
writer say that you met Kim Jong-un and
stared him down when it never happened
that's pretty specific isn't it so it
does sound like the The Ghost Writer
might have left the reservation a little
bit there and maybe The Ghost Writer was
working for the
competition by the way have we heard who
the ghost riter is yet isn't that an
important question wouldn't you like to
know if the ghost riter
maybe worked with some people who were
not her
friend I'd like to know a little bit
more about the ghost riter thank
you anyway um here's another should have
asked Scott there's a study that said
nearly half of all master's degrees have
a negative Roi meaning that you don't
make enough money to make it worthwhile
to get it now more than uh let's see 77%
of Bachelor
degrees um make people happy so nearly
80% of the time if somebody gets a
bachelor's degree they make more money
than if they didn't and they're happy
about it but if you go on to get a
masters it goes down to
57% of those people say they made more
money and they're happy about it now
this is a definite could have asked
Scott
situation when I worked for a big bank I
also was going to school at night to get
my MBA would my MBA have helped me in my
career at the big Bank yes totally it's
the difference between Senior Management
and not Senior Management yeah and they
made it very clear that you needed to
have a little extra going on if you're
going to get to Senior Management you
know you either had a PhD in something
or an NBA from a good school or
something so it depends so I could have
told you if you got a master's degree in
some weird social science and you
weren't even going to work in that field
probably didn't make any difference at
all and you wasted your time unless you
got married or something uh because of
your college experience but I would say
that the study itself is garbage at the
same time I agree with it here's why
it's garbage it doesn't tell you
anything you can act on because we all
recognize the situation when getting a
master's degree makes sense don't
we don't you don't you think you would
know when getting a master's degree
would matter it matters and you know if
you're probably a doctor
you know a high-end professional and
it's directly you know in it's right
down the alley of your job of
probably now here's the thing it doesn't
measure doesn't measure how you feel
about
yourself let me tell you something if
you haven't experienced this yourself
for me getting an MBA from Berkeley uh
which I did at night and I did at the
same time I was working full-time is the
hardest thing I've ever done by
far it just takes everything and it
takes about three years of your life
because I did it at night so it's a
little longer normally it' be two
years it just I mean the sacrifice level
to get that thing was pretty
extreme but when I had it I had
something that nobody could ever take
away and I got to tell you that how it
felt to have accomplished it was worth
the money even if I never made a penny
if if I never made a penny it was
totally worth it changed how I saw the
world it gave me a whole bunch of skills
that come in handy for all kinds of
situations not just you know getting a
raise so for me there are all these
intangibles next I would say that your
odds of marrying well probably improve
with every
degree if you've got a uh if you've got
a college degree you're more likely to
marry somebody who went to college
if you have an advanced degree you're
even a little bit more likely to marry
somebody who went to college and maybe
also has an advanced degree so how do
you pick that up what happens if you get
your Advanced degree and that helps you
meet somebody with another Advanced
degree and the other person's Advanced
degree is so good that you say wow I can
stay home and raise our kids and with my
Advanced degree I'll do a great job
being a parent and don't really have to
work so I don't think I don't think a
study like this picks up any of that
stuff all the
intangibles you know even the effect on
your children yeah if your children have
a role model that two parents got
Advanced degrees that's a lot of
pressure on the kid to get an advanced
degree but ideally a good one not a not
a dumb one so I would ignore the uh
study and just say it's kind of obvious
when it makes sense and when it
doesn't there's an important news study
that says that
lesbians are more likely to have orgasms
when they're with each other than a man
is likely to give a woman an orgasm in a
het a row
situation so apparently uh much much
more likely for a lesbian to have an
orgasm or to give an orgasm to another
lesbian now the most shocking thing
about this is I was not expecting to
wake up this morning to learn that I'm a
lesbian but there it is I mean
probably now the only thing I'd add to
that is that uh it doesn't apply to
hypnotists
um I'm just going to drop this to drive
you
crazy there's no such thing as a male
hypnotist whose partner is not having an
orgasm that's not really a
thing now maybe if the woman has like a
um a physical problem then yeah
but if she's capable if she's ever had
an
orgasm and and her partner's
atist yeah she's going to have all the
all the orgasms that either of them want
her to
have do you believe that here's why you
should believe it because uh sex and
orgasms are if your body is healthy
there's nothing organically wrong it's a
mental situation and the hypnotist knows
how to connect the mental parts your
brain just to build a little structure
that causes a fire to be lit now it's
that just happens to be one of our
skills now they don't tell you about
that one do they when you hear about
hynosis you're like oh maybe maybe you
can cure somebody's smoking it doesn't
really work very well for that oh maybe
you can help somebody lose weight you
can but it's not like the greatest thing
for that almost anything works for
smoking and losing weight if you've
decided you want to do it it's the
deciding that's the hard part it's not
once you decide then every method you
use works if you don't decide nothing
works so yeah hypnosis is a little more
powerful than you
thought
um I saw there's a meme going around
that says uh what scares me most is not
the fact that the media is lying to us
it's the fact that some still some
people still believe them and El mus
reposted that with with a
yep now I would go further I would say
the problem is not just that people
believe the media the problem is that
the media is giving them a mental
illness actual
literal confirmable diagnosable
measurable mental illness and that's
coming from the
news why because the news wants you to
be afraid because that's how they make
money that's how they get you to vote
for their preferred candidate it's how
they get anything and so everything they
everything the news does is designed to
make you crazy now could you see signs
of
it are there any signs that the news is
making you crazy yes because the people
who are the let's say the uh most likely
to be affected by it have a massive
mental illness problem that's not
affecting the people you would know
would be least affected by it the people
most affective young
women and sure enough we look at the
protests and we see the craziness in the
world and it does seem to be that there
is a massive problem of mental illness
in youngish women and single women and
it is definitely the news getting them
all worked
up
now uh remind me to say something about
Joe Rogan after I make this next point
because I'll forget
otherwise um have you noticed that the
Democrats are ramping up the fear
persuasion for in favor of Biden why are
they doing that there's a Democrat group
uh it's got a $140 million campaign with
uh testimonial ads now the testimonial
ads means that it's a citizen who's
going to be talking to the camera and
saying oh uh if Trump is elected
horrible things will happen here's some
examples now that is meant specifically
to scare you it is not going to be a
bunch of people talking about how much
they like Joe Biden it's a commercial
which will not which will not mention
the benefits of Joe Biden it's a it's a
pro Biden commercial that isn't even
going to try to talk about what's good
about him it's merely going to show you
a bunch of people who are scared to
death of trump and one thing that will
make you scared is seeing other people
like you who look scared that's really
scary yeah you're not as scared as if
you see somebody who has nothing to do
with you looking afraid but if somebody
who looks and talks like you is scared
to death of something you're going to
pick that up just automatically somebody
said Reed Hoffman's behind that is that
true that would that would be really
scary Reed Hoffman is their hypnotist by
the way oh did you know that Reed Reed
Hoffman is the democr
hypnotist oh they have
one yeah he he's the one who can tell
you if something's going to affect
somebody
psychologically and and make a
difference they don't have a smarter guy
I think Reed Hoffman would be I'm pretty
sure they smartest guy in terms of how
anything works in the real
world so I would expect it to be uh
pretty uh pretty effective so you should
not be surprised that Democrats have
more the young Democrats especially and
the women especially have more mental
illness what is being told to
Republicans well Republicans were also
told that the country is going to hell
except the Republican belief system is
almost entirely you know optimism based
at least the Trump part of it the Trump
part of republicanism is optimism based
so you should imagine that there would
be a greater chance that people have an
OP optimistic mindset or less
crazy and sure
enough so let me let me mention the Joe
Rogan thing I was watching
um a clip and he had a guest
on uh Abigail shrier or shrier sh
probably she has a book out called bad
therapy and the main point of it I
understand is that she says rumination
is bad for you meaning that thinking
about your problems makes them worse
thinking about your problems makes them
worse now I'm going to add this to
should have asked Scott I can't tell you
how many conversations I've had with
people who insist that they must solve
their internal psychological problems by
thinking about them really really hard
until they can you know make them go
away and I would say okay I'm no
psychologist and I'm no
psychiatrist but I did learn in hypnosis
class that the more you repeat something
the deeper the circuitry gets that is
the opposite of what you're trying to do
what you're trying to do is weaken the
disruptive thoughts not strengthen them
so they're permanent if you live inside
your head and you just keep thinking
about your problem because you're trying
to make it like go away because you
thought about it so much or you worked
through it and you worked out your
childhood
trauma in my opinion there's only one
way that can go it will make it worse
apparently and uh I'll I'll take a fact
check in case I'm getting this wrong but
it looks like that's the main um the
main takeaway from uh Abigail shri's
book of bad therapy there's probably
other things in it too but that seems to
be one of the interesting ones now Joe
Rogan was saying that he was shocked by
that
like that that didn't seem true that you
should run away from your problems I've
been saying this for a very long time
it's not just true it should be really
obvious why is that not obvious to
everybody and that I guess that confuses
me is it only because I studied it and I
I know that repetition is persuasion so
repetition is the thing you want to run
away from not the thing you want to run
toward let me give you a little trick
uh and this is based on Abigail's shri's
advice I believe but also I'm going to
added to my own so yesterday I was
sitting there thinking of stuff as I
often do it's hard to turn my brain off
and suddenly a very bad thought entered
my mind it's the kind that if you spend
much time thinking about it it would put
you in a terrible terrible mood and it
wasn't anything I could do anything
about it was just a thought
and the thought comes into my mind and I
realized that I had I created an inner
World in other words when I was thinking
about this thing I I imagined a world
that doesn't exist or maybe it was one
that used to exist but it's imaginary it
doesn't exist now and I and I I I felt
myself going into the
world and as soon as I was in the world
I said oh I don't want to be in
this world and I said I got to get out
of this world here's how you would do it
wrong try to get out of your thoughts
about that world to enter thoughts of a
different
world that's not going to work try it it
doesn't
work if your brain really really wants
to think of a thing it's going to do it
you you can't just say oh think about
kittens kittens hugging dogs oh it'll
last about a minute and you'll be right
back to your thing so here's what I did
instead I left my inner
world and I actually felt like I was it
was the damnedest thing I I've never
done this before I went from my inner
world and I just said outer world like
go to the outer world and I went and
suddenly I was looking at the world
through my eyes and my
ears and my senses not my sense of smell
cuz I don't have that one and
immediately I was in a different world I
was no longer in the world of my mind
and then I said go do something go do
something get up so I got up and I did
something and then I I interacted in the
the external world and what and you know
that thought that bothersome thought the
one that I'm talking about the the
horrible thought that was in my mind
that I didn't want to repeat do you know
what it
was I don't either
I don't remember it I remember the
experience and I remember escaping from
it but I escaped so fast it didn't leave
a
memory I don't even know what it was
It's So Gone it could not be more gone
like I I left that thing in the
in the dust I I I just jumped out of my
brain and and I felt it by so I'm going
to recommend this next time you've gotta
a a depressive thought just tell
yourself I'm in my imaginary world in my
brain get out just get out get out get
into the world do a chore exercise walk
around the block pet a dog hug a person
get out and stay out if you find
yourself getting back in get out get out
again get out of the World open your
eyes look at the light feel the sheets
whatever you're going to do but just get
out and that's advice I've been trying
to give people for now 30 years probably
and it didn't have a book to back it
until now so thank you Abigail
shrier uh I think we're on the same page
on that but I haven't read the book so
if I got anything wrong I
apologize all right
um axios
uh well the reason the Democrats are
ramping up the fear persuasion is that
they don't have anything for a
policy and I think that Trump needs to
call them out for
that if I were Trump and I had a whole
bunch of policies that the polling says
are overwhelmingly preferred you know
the economy immigration overwhelmingly
preferred you need to call out the other
side for having nothing but
fear call them mount just just call the
balls and Strikes I'm offering you
policies that the polling says are
highly popular and you've seen me in
action before so you know what I do I'll
do do what I did before and uh the
reason that the Democrats are giving the
fear-mongering is because they don't
have an argument on a policy level say
it directly say they're trying to scare
you because they don't have an argument
and you can see that the polling
supports my point you you have have to
put that frame in their head that the
fear is not
real the fear is not real you have to
say it directly the fear you're feeling
is not real it's an election year
phenomenon they have given up on policy
and so beware they're going to come for
your mental health they're coming for
your mental health because if you're
thinking clearly you're probably going
to be with the majority of the country
and want close the uh border and maybe
do something about energy and inflation
and those
things so here is the best suggestion
for the Trump campaign you've ever heard
you
ready this this is my challenge to
myself I'm going to say something to
make every one of you agree which is
largely impossible wouldn't you say to
say something that every one of you
would say Oh shoot that's a good idea
you ready
Trump should do his
campaigning in a grocery
store while he's bagging
groceries and that's
it how much you paying for your
groceries how do you feel about
it yes I am Donald
Trump do you want your eggs at the
bottom all right here's this one
how do you feel right
now you think you're paying too
much yeah now this this this would be
highly compatible with the
lawfare situation because he can't do
big things you know everywhere but he
can do little things like visit a bodega
visit a you know visit a store and buy
some
milkshakes but he could definitely walk
into a grocery
store and say do you mind if I bag who's
going to say
no who's going to tell him he can't bag
some
groceries like you you'd want a friendly
manager of the store of course but I
want to see him talking to
Democrats I don't want to see Trump
talking to Republicans I want him I
wanted to see him talking Democrats out
of their irrational
fear I want him to say you saw me for 4
years what exactly was scary about that
or I want him to say you know I I'd love
to I'd love to hear him say
this did they tell you I'm going to try
to take over the country and keep it and
just asked this question how do you
think that would work out for
me do do you think anybody could just
decide they want to be dictator and and
the whole country is just going to let
them do it no the only way that I win
Donald Trump is if the country does
really well and we remain a Democratic
Republic if you know to the extent we
are uh and the only way that's the only
way I win I only win if you win that's
what the presidency is good for it's
full it's full exposure you're going to
see everything I do just like you did
the first four years except for the fake
news of course and you get to watch it
all I can't win unless you do I I am
intentionally tying my reputation and my
faith
to the performance of my presidency and
I don't want to be known as Trump the
Hiller nobody does that's the last thing
I want I wanted April I wanted January 6
to get the right answer and I wasn't
sure that they
did don't you want the right answer
don't believe the fake news I was trying
to take over the country I wanted the
right answer same as you did because it
didn't look right to me and I still
don't think it's right
but we move on and we'll do it again and
we got to win by a victory by a margin
that's you know too big to
rig so that's what I want to see grocery
store Trump and the thing is that if you
add Trump to a grocery store you can't
not think about grocery
prices all
right Jen saki claims in her new book
that uh Biden never looked at his watch
during the uh ceremony for the soldiers
that were killed during the Afghanistan
withdrawal now uh accompanying the story
of Jens saki saying he never looked at
his watch is a photograph of him looking
down at his
watch now what level of gaslighting is
that where there's a public photo of the
things she says didn't happen but I
would like to and I know you don't see
this coming I'm going to back Jen saki
on this uh I don't think he was looking
at his watch I looked at the picture
myself and I think she's right I don't
think he's looking at his watch I think
he's looking at the time but then he
thinks the time appears on his hand and
he's waiting for it I don't think he's
smart enough to know that his watch is a
few inches to the left I think he was
looking at his hand and he's probably
thinking why is my hand not telling me
what time it is I've been here for a
long time hand tell me come on hand now
if he just looked a little bit to the
left he would have known the time but I
agree with Jen I don't think he was
looking at his
watch fared Zario of CNN uh is making
some news because he's saying in a
full-throated way well I wasn't
expecting things to go this way but it's
pretty obvious Trump is going to win and
uh he says that's despite the great
economic news of of the good employment
and um well it's mostly that right just
good
employment but uh here's what fared
maybe he doesn't
know the economy isn't
good but How could somebody is smart is
fored zakara say that all the signals on
the economy are good the only reason we
even have an economy is that we're on
the edge of a you know a debt
collapse and we're not we're not over
The Edge yet we're like standing with
our toes over you know a deadly ledge
that nobody knows how to stop us from
going
over but until you go over it you're in
perfect health I I think that's his
argument like you're uh what's that
movie somebody in Louise what's the
movie with the two two women who drove
the car over the ledge somebody in
Louise it was a terrible movie what was
the name of that you're going to tell me
in the comments in a moment all right so
it feels like that it's like yeah until
you hit the ground you're in perfect
health so he's basically saying the
economy is like a skydiver oelman Louise
yeah so he's saying that the economy is
like thma and
Louise uh while they went over the cliff
in the car but before they hit the
ground so the entire time down perfect
health things are going great I don't
see the
problem so it's really weird to see
somebody as smart as fared and there's
no doubt he's unusually smart I mean
let's let's give him that for sure
um he went so far as to be honest he
even said that the New York trial
wouldn't have happened if it had not
been a defendant named Trump so he's
basically saying the laware is
illegitimate
lawfare but he needs to go a little
further everything that they've been
saying on CNN about the economy is
 he doesn't know
that he doesn't know that the the debt
is the only thing that matters and
that's you know it's why we have the
inflation and everything else I don't
know it's it's weird it's sort of a
partial win but he couldn't release in
that last bit
of uh
non-reality well speaking of Democrats
saying things you weren't expecting uh
Bill Amman famous investor he been
making a lot of news he keeps doing it
and he says the the polls say that
Biden's going to lose to Trump and he
says the polls always understate Trump's
support as Biden voters are not shy
about uh their support for him whereas
Trump voters are more KY when talking to
pollsters it's interesting that he knows
that do you think that's still
true I I feel like the shy Trump
supporter might be
lessened well I guess it's still would
be true of Democrats were trying to
switch over Independence it's definitely
not true for Pure
Republicans I think the the magga people
are going to say exactly what they think
I think the independence might be Ki
they're like well you know least worst
choice but I don't want to say it out
loud so I guess he's right on that that
the polling might be um not picking up
the full level of
support uh but he he points us to uh
fared Zakaria but here's the more
surprising thing in Bill amman's post on
X he closes it by saying quote I would
not be surprised for it to be a
Landslide
Landslide well everything is heading
toward
Landslide but and everybody smart will
tell you the same thing
lot is going to change between now and
the election it could be a lot it might
not even be Biden running by election
day so anything could
change all right um I love watching
Jonathan turle using Michael Cohen as a
pinata um it's so funny so so Cohen has
he the most famous liar in the news you
know there are a lot of people who
lie uh a lot of people lie but uh he's
the most famous one so he's lied in
every context in which we've ever heard
of him or seen him he's like the most P
pervasive and uh complete liar like
he'll lie in every context everywhere
all the time it's just
impressive um but this is what uh uh
Jonathan Turley says he says for most
people brags cynical calculation which
is to put um Cohen on the stand will be
immaterial when Michael Cohen is called
calling a convicted disbarred serial
perjurer to any court is a spectacle in
itself Cohen seems like he has never met
an oath that he does not want to
break he's such a good pinana I you know
the longer this lawfare stuff goes the
better it is because the mistake that
the Democrats made in 2 16 which is now
famously part of the historical record
is they gave Trump too much uh attention
too much oxygen they covered him too
much and they all admit that our big
problem was we we gave him too much
attention covered him too much and
turned him into the president so what
did they do did they start from first
principles and reason up to what they
should be doing at this time no this
time they decided they were going to try
to gag him and take him off the uh
campaign Trail and not give him any
attention how's that
working it's too late
no the first time is when you wanted to
starve him from attention now he's the
person that everybody knows and we
already know the trick you know the
trick if Trump goes out in public and
talks they will take out of context
everything he says and turn it into fear
persuasion so the less he talks in
public you know outside of his rallies
because the rallies are you know a
little bit more you know controllable
but if they take him out of the out of
the wild and put him in the two most
controlled situations which are he's
he's in charge of the rally or the
Court's in charge of him it takes away a
lot of the spontaneity which gets them
in trouble so they've they've eliminated
the only thing that could stop him which
is if he says something they can turn
into something else and they've way
reduced the amount of talking he does
spontaneously to the point where they
they just don't have their greatest
Target which is what he said yesterday
they just don't have it because all he
said yesterday is the trial is
rigged over and over and over again
until it's all you
hear is he persuasive well fared sakario
thinks he is because even fared thinks
the New York case is
BS that's the stormy case all
right um Caitlyn Collins said U
Financial Times poll 80% of voter say
high prices are one of the biggest
Financial
challenges and that's why putting Trump
in front of a grocery store is the kill
shot of all kill
shots all right uh
rasmason has a poll that says 39% of
likely us voters said yes to the
question are you better off than you
were four four years ago but far more
54% said no they're not better off than
they were four years ago so that's the
famous Ronald Reagan question he asked
about Jimmy Carter's
presidency now uh and voters rank the
economy and immigration as sort of the
the top
things so 51% of uh Republicans uh well
51% of Voters trust Republicans more to
handle the economy while only 39% trust
Democrats and on the issue of
immigration the gop's margin is even
wider with 54% trusting Republicans
versus 35 for
Democrats but it gets better basically
all of the news is leading in One
Direction it it's looking like the
landslide of all landslides I don't
think this will even be a normal
Landslide I think it might be the
biggest margin of victory of any
presidential race and I think it will
stand as the largest Victory margin of
all time that's what I think um but
here's some more news that can make that
happen so you remember Senator Bob
Menendez got caught with all those gold
bars uh sewed into weren't they sewed
into the into the lining of his suit or
something
anyway in the worst timing the Democrats
could ever have he's going to have his
trial starting soon before the election
so you're going to see the following
contrast By the way here's your here's
your lesson
on um your lesson on persuasion
persuasion
lesson goes like
this contrast is persuasion
it's the reason that the real estate
agent shows you the terrible house
that's within your budget so when they
show you the good house that you wish
you could afford but maybe you can make
it if you stretch you you feel oh I love
it I love it this house even though it's
more than I want to spend I'll buy it
right now so that's contrast so
everything is only compared to other
things now imagine the contrast when
you've got Trump uh in in trial for some
kind kind of accounting irregularity
that's first of all the same thing that
Hillary Clinton did with the steel
dossier just saying something was legal
expense when it clearly was something
else and uh the entire public doesn't
even know that it should be a crime and
even CNN um fared Zakaria is saying that
it's lawfare and nobody would be in
charge of this unless they were named
Trump right so that hold that that's
your
contrast now at the same time that this
trial over literally nothing is being
held a trial over literally gold bars
sewed into your jacket but it gets
better he's a Democrat but it gets
better he was in the job when he took
the bribes he was in Joe Biden's old job
the most bribable job of all jobs
because he was what was he had a some
kind of Foreign Relations thing
so the contrast is showing a real
Democrat CRI with real gold bars who
really was in the same job that Biden
was in for years do you think Biden
didn't take any anything when he was in
the most bribable job of all
jobs it's going to be hard for the
public to believe he didn't take a
little little
something so the gold Barb Bob trial is
the most perfect delightful twist it
gives you exactly the contrast that's
the kill shot on all the lawfare and it
could not be timed more
perfectly Bill Amman uh challenged
people to a little uh experiment Bo he's
get getting a lot of attention in the
political um forum and I'm here for it I
don't agree with everything that bill
lman says but he does start from what
makes sense and he doesn't depart from
there he might get an answer different
than I would get I might have different
contexts for example but I like the fact
he does not depart from from what are
the
facts what's the most reasonable way to
interpret it you need more a
him you you need a lot more of him so
here's another thing he's doing to me
this is just a public good I mean
there's nothing in it for him it's just
a public good he says that um as an
experiment he points us toward a Time
magazine article that summarizes an
interview with Trump and then he says
look at how they summarize the interview
but then look at the full
transcript and his contention is if you
look at the full transcript it'll be
real obvious how biased the summary is
now I haven't done the experiment but I
trust them you know and other people
were commenting that they could say it
right away and I think that's really
really valuable that that's the sort of
thing I want our smartest people to be
telling the public you know tell them
that you can see it yourself here's a
real life experiment of real life news
that's fresh look at the transcript look
what they said about it now that's the
same the same technique used to uh kill
Trump on the bleach hoax and the fine
people hoax now Amman doesn't mention
those two
hoaxes but once he teaches you that the
transcript can be different from
somebody's bad summary of it well then
you're primed to understand the other
things that you've been fooled about so
that's good however
he goes a little too far in my opinion
and he says that this is why he prefers
podcasts and um you know long form
interviews to which I say oh Bill you're
so
close um and I had to add in my repost
the documentary effect the worst way you
could be
fooled meaning most effective way is a
long form anything if you listen to one
person on a podcast
tell you a bunch of truths you're going
to believe it's
true and the longer it goes the more
you're going to believe it if you get
three hours of Joe Rogan with one guest
saying something's true you're going to
think it's true when they're done the
only thing that works is long form so
you don't leave anything out a host
who's strong who can shut people down
and say all right you know let's keep
this on track and people on opposite
sides who are both capable so that
somebody if somebody makes a claim the
other person can say well you know that
source is bad or whatever and then also
it can't be timed it can't have a hard
stop because somebody will will just you
know try to talk over the other person
so that's the model that works I saw Lex
fredman tried that model recently with
something and I didn't watch it but it
was in the right
direction so Bill lman I would just add
that if you don't have both sides
showing you get the documentary effect
and it's not going to help you as much
as you
think all right um following in the uh
good role model form of Bill Amman who's
clearly trying to do what's good for the
world here I'm going to try to model
that a little bit right now and there
are something that I can say that not
all of you can say
yet so if I say it I'll I'll uh I'll
Prime the room and get it ready for you
so you can come in after now I've been
saying it for a while but the more I say
it the better it is we're never going to
solve our problems unless we can say
what they are out
loud and with reality you can't solve
the problem if you're pretending it's
something that it isn't and our biggest
problem right now is batshit crazy women
on mostly in the super Progressive side
now you might say but but but Scott
there are tons of people who agree with
them and so it's not just women no it's
mostly the women because if they lost if
the women were not a unified block the
Democrats wouldn't have any power it's
the unified block of women and every
time you see a story of batshit liberal
white women doing batshit crazy things
you have to tell yourself these are not
opinions these are people who have been
drawn have been driven to Madness by the
news because the news has to get you
frightened and so the people who are
most easily frightened the ones who are
mentally the least
stable which tends to be people under 25
and in this case it looks like liberal
women are being driven
crazy and we're treating it like it's an
opinion we don't have different
opinions there's just some people have
been driven Crazy by the news and by the
way there's nothing I'm saying that you
can't observe
you can turn on the news and you can
watch them say uh climate change is
going to kill you all and Trump's a
dictator and he's going to take your
freedom and you know your bodily
autonomy will be lost
right none of that shit's
true it's just that if you can get
people to believe it you will drive a
certain percentage of the public
literally crazy and that's what's
happened so to imagine that we have some
kind of debate over the policiy
is like pretending you're in the
imaginary world no we have we have a a
news which is driving crazy a portion of
our public
intentionally very intentionally and to
make them crazy give somebody else not
the people who are crazy but somebody
above them somebody in power it gives
them power and that's why they do it
yeah so we we need to treat it as mental
illness and not as opinion
all right uh Elon Musk had a victory
over Australia's censorship I guess they
were trying to
punish uh well I don't know I don't know
the details of this case but U there was
something that X couldn't do a video of
one of the the Sydney Church stabbing
incident I guess and uh they took it to
court and they
won now that might be a small victory
um might be a small victory but uh it's
at least it's an indication you can win
and it's an indication that at least in
musk's case he's not going to go
cheap like if if it matters he's going
to put the money behind it and oh my God
is that useful have you noticed that the
most useful people in the news are all
Democrats who have wised
up fared Zakaria very useful wised up
Bill Amman very useful wised up uh Elon
Musk very useful wised up Scott Adams
well make your own
opinion but but I don't I don't uh I
don't identify as Republican and never
have have
I I don't think I have maybe I'm wrong
about that but I don't think I
have yeah oh and U Bill Mar would be
another one it's not a coin Ence it's
not a coincidence that the adults in the
room are starting to find the same
place all
right Dr Peter Mulla you know him as a
one of the uh famous doctors in the
pandemic and he's saying now that
there's a he's
discovered that um there's a document
that came out that showed that Anthem
Blue Cross Blue Shield was paying
doctors a lot for getting their people
vaccinated meaning that uh and the claim
is that a doctor could make as much as a
quarter a million dollars a year if they
injected a substantial portion of their
patients now it could be more could be
less depending on the doctor in the
situation but you could make a quarter
of a million dollars more let me ask you
this how many of you know what the
income of a doctor is what's the average
income of a
doctor I I want to see if you know that
now of course if you're a surgeon or a
cardiologist or something you know you
could be a million dollars a year or
more uh if you're a plastic surgeon
could be Millions per year but what if
you're a general practitioner you're a
general practitioner what do you think
you make per
year you're lucky if you make
250 this would double your
income if this is true it would double
the income of the
doctor now do you think that would cause
doctors to be let's say not as objective
as they might have been about whether
you not you should get the
vaccination well the claim is that if
this is true and the document is uh
accurate and there's no context we're
missing that a big explanation of why
doctors were not um let's say
complaining as much as you thought that
they would is because they were doubling
their
income to give
vaccinations now I will give you a
little bit of a warning on this one I do
not consider Dr mllo to be a credible
source so I just have to say that
directly and that's based on um I I
think he's still clinging to the sudden
deaths of the athletes which has been
the most debunked claim of all time now
I'm not saying that the vaccinations are
good for you I'm not saying that he
didn't get some stuff right
I'm just saying that's a really big one
to get wrong so just no matter what he
got
right just know that he got a really big
one wrong like really wrong so put it in
context if the things he got right are
right got to give him full credit for
anything he got right
right all
right Tik
Tock um apparently they they spend $7
million trying to beat the beat the ban
that Biden has now signed uh ban or
divestment I guess and the big mistake
according to
insiders DC insiders the mistake that
Tik Tock made was ignoring the elephant
in the room which was the concerns that
the Chinese Communist Party could
leverage the user data for nefarious
purposes and even here's the important
part and even s public opinion
especially ahead of the election sway
public
opinion there there's still people on
Rumble who believe my uh husband apology
you fell for two
pranks the prank about what my beliefs
were about vaccinations and then the
further prank that I apologize for it
neither of those things
happened all right but you're you you're
double pranked
all right talk among yourselves about
that because it's a stupid conversation
but back to Tik Tok so do you remember
how many times I was screaming into the
microphone it's not about the secure
data it's about the persuasion about Tik
Tock do you all remember that it's not
the data I mean that's important too
it's the persuasion and nobody belied it
I think until Gaza and then you could
see the persuasion and then everybody
was like whoa whoa It's persuasion
problem yeah like I've been screaming at
you for two what since 2018 since 2018
I've been screaming it's persuasion it's
persuasion and now and now the news says
that the major mistake was that Tik Tok
did not take seriously the persuasion
complaint well um according to Brendan
Carr who a Republican FCC
commissioner and a big Tick Tock critic
now Brendan Carr has been uh on the
right side of this issue from the jump
so if you want to know one of the good
guys Brendan Carr FCC commissioner has
been very much totally right from the
start on everything and pushed it hard
and got to this place so that's uh one
of one of the most impressive
wins that you'll see in politics so
Brendan gar is the real
deal um and what he said was that Tik
tok's DC advocacy never addressed those
concerns head on the the persuasion
concern as well as the data what they
continue to do was to provide
nonresponsive answers to OB obfuscate
and to focus on how popular the app
was that's right they never addressed
really
the main concern so it turns out it
wasn't really an
argument because some people said hey
it's too influential and then Tik Tok
said yeah but a lot of people like it
okay but the problem is it could change
our politics and change the country in a
terrible negative way and Tik Tok would
say have you seen our commercials a lot
of people love Tik Tok okay but you're
not even addressing
it so here we are
all right um the Gateway pundit is
reporting that the Bureau of Labor
Statistics is going to take coffee
prices out of the uh inflation
index why would they do that why would
you take the price of coffee out of
inflation oh let's see since September
2023 coffee prices are up
78%
so I guess that would be the reason
you're taking it out of the numbers do
you remember a little prediction I made
not too long ago that said 100% of the
economic data in an election year is
fake it's all fake because the because
the government that's in charge of the
data doesn't want you to see any
negative data so guess what you're not
going to see
it all right I'm going to say this again
because I think it's fun to say how
could Trump end the fighting Ukraine on
day one if he gets
elected how many of you believe he could
stop the fighting literally on day one
like not even day two like literally day
one how many think he can do it because
I
do I'm going to tell you how he can do
it it goes like
this I'm the president
now and Ukraine is a zombie
war it's a zombie war
War Russia isn't going to
win Ukraine isn't going to
win NATO isn't going to
win China isn't going to
win nobody's going to
win every single person who dies from
this moment on is a mistake a waste of
beautiful human
life I would ask the militaries on both
sides even if you don't get the order
stop
fighting just stop because I'm going to
make this go away we're going to work it
out both sides are going to hate it let
me say that again we're going to work it
out both sides are going to hate it
that's what's called a good deal that's
what it looks like that's what a good
deal looks like when both sides hate it
but they're willing to live with it and
I'm going to make this go away because
we don't fight Zombie
Wars we don't fight Zombie
Wars we don't
fight Zombie Wars where you have no hope
of winning and no hope of losing you
talk those out you
negotiate because everybody's on the
same side now which is this doesn't make
sense everybody's on that page only
something corrupt could keep this moving
forward and that's not where we're
coming from we're coming from let's save
some lives let's make some money let's
have a happy life let's let's wind down
this zombie war and uh acknowledge what
we all see it's not going anywhere
there's no winning to be had let's
figure it
out now that's day one I believe that he
could stop he could stop the bullets
from flying on day one as long as that
message you know got to at least the
generals and as long as one side
stop
fighting like you know if one side
stopped completely and the other side
decided oh this is our this is our our
time but I feel if one of the sides
literally just said you know Screw my
leader I'm just going to stop fighting
and you just tell the other side look
we're going to stop fighting today
because obviously this is just going to
be worked out there's no point shooting
each other if either side said it to the
other don't you think the other side
would stand down
or at least test it you know maybe stand
there for a day just see what
happens
no well certainly the you know CIA would
not want him to do it so there'd be a
lot of pressure Putin might not want him
to do it so there'd be a lot of pressure
but I got a feeling if I were a general
and I were in the front line and I knew
I was in a zombie war and I knew it was
going to be over in maybe a few weeks I
don't know if I would have any reason to
shoot another
bullet so yes I'm not going to predict
that he could end the war in one day I'm
saying that if you don't think that's
completely possible I think you're wrong
we we're in a situation where it's
completely
possible Scott Putin is laughing at this
Putin is laugh you're saying in the
comments no you don't know what Putin's
thinking and if you've been brainwashed
into thinking you know what he's
thinking cut that out stop stop doing
that all right
um Tony blinkin talking about Gaza um
he's doubling down on the Biden idea of
stopping the fighting in Rafa and maybe
Gaza itself and he said on
Sunday um in what is being called the
strongest rebuke of Israel he said in a
TV interview uh that the United States
wants Israeli forces to quote get out of
Gaza
uh amid what he described as quote a
horrible loss of life of innocent Civ
civilians so get out of Gaza is a lot
different Scott
RIT h getan of Gaza is a lot different
from uh fight your
War you know in in the south in a way
that protects civilians he's he's going
full get
out how do you see this as anything but
supporting a ran over the United States
or over
Israel aren't they saying it directly
now if you're if you're backing
Hamas to be back in power which
everybody knows that's what would happen
if if Israel just walked
away Hamas would just rebuild and be
right back where they were so wouldn't
that be a direct case of the Biden
Administration helping Hamas
uh now they would say they're helping
the civilians but the effect would be to
help Hamas
and and Hamas is a proxy for Iran so
wouldn't they be just helping Iran and
aren't they saying it directly and out
loud that we're we're backing
Iran because that wouldn't that wouldn't
be like the zombie war situation where
nobody could win anything Hamas actually
thinks it can win something you know
they they actually have a plan that they
believe in the long long run can take
over Israel
so um there's a conversation that I
don't quite understand that suggests
that uh Obama in in the Obama days that
Obama had a plan can somebody give me a
fact check on this that Obama had a plan
to keep Iran
strong because it was a good sort of a
adult situation in other words it would
keep the Middle East maybe stable by
having some kind of balance of power is
that a real thing was it ever a real
thing that Obama
was I don't want to say pro- Iran but
not wanting to destroy them because they
were um some kind of stability there is
any of that
true it was a counterbalance
uh yeah yeah yeah getting out of Gaza
seems like the the problem that caused
where we are
now yeah us pulling out is supporting
Iran now well the US isn't really
pulling
out yeah I don't know I I'm a little
confused about this because the I guess
the main thing I see is that there's no
way this is going to be good for getting
real
eled tell can you make an argument that
this would be good for Biden to get
reelected because I don't see
it could there possibly be enough pro
pro Palestinian
votes that he would come out ahead by
doing something that is so
clearly uh negative for Israel is that
is there anybody who's calculated that
that could work for him I don't see how
you think he's doing it for the votes in
one State Michigan or something I just
don't see it it it doesn't look like
anybody could think this is a good plan
for getting reelected do you know what
that tells
me what is more important than getting
reelected if they think you know Trump
is the devil and
stuff I if feels to me like there's
something that's
bigger something that's bigger than
getting reelected while everything else
is smaller than that why would this be
the one thing that's more important than
getting elected to the point where he
would throw away his chances to support
it well I see some of you speculating
that you know Valerie Jared or somebody
behind the scenes is the real power but
if somebody behind the scenes is the
real
power they're also Democrats and they
don't want to lose the
presidency so how do you make that make
sense that you know here's the weird
thing the best way it makes
sense is if he's operating on
principle which I doubt because it would
be like the first time that ever
happened but how in the world do you
make sense of it like it does make sense
on principle that you just say we can't
we can't be involved in backing
something that's going to look to the
world like a genocide
now let let me give you another wild
possibility now I remind you that um you
know my opinion of what Israel does has
no bearing on anything so I don't
support Israel because the ADL is after
me and so I can't I can't hold those two
things in my head at the same time I
can't support Israel and also have the
ADL which I know doesn't work for Israel
directly but you know they're also an
attack dog and you know they could turn
them off if they wanted to you know that
right ADL can't operate if Israel says
they're garbage so Israel can turn them
off and turn them on anytime they want
even though they don't work for them so
I can't back Israel
because you know an Israel entity is
after me and I I just can't I can't be
on your side if you're after me that
just can't
happen
however I asked the following question
what's this going to look like in 10
years what's this going to look like in
10
years I think the world is going to call
it a genocide what do you think no
Israel won't Israel won't call it a
genocide and our American public you
know probably will be a little split on
it I don't think the I don't think the
politicians at the top will necessarily
call it that but do you think that the
world will decide in 10 years that this
was not a genocide and by the way I'm
not saying it is or is not because I'm
just observing my opinion doesn't
matter in my opinion it will obviously
be called a genocide because there's
enough
anti-israel um juice in the world that I
think that will become the dominant
narrative do you disagree in 10 years
will history say it was a genocide or
will history say well they had to do it
because whether or not they had to do it
probably won't make any
difference their their motivation will
just not be part of the
analysis yeah you
disagree now remember I'm not asking you
what your opinion will be in 10 years
all you might be answering the wrong
question I'm not asking you what your
opinion will be in 10 years I'm saying
what will the world's gen opinion be I I
I'm quite
sure given the anti-israel sentiment the
sort of generally in the UN and places
like that
that I feel like it will be labeled a
genocide I think that it will go down in
history like that and again this is not
my opinion I'm predicting that in 10
years how other people will feel I'm not
telling you how I feel or I will
feel um because I actually think it's
the wrong
question yeah the whole is it a genocide
or not is just the wrong
question the the right question is what
would you do if you were in that
situation right if it happened to
America what what do you think we would
do if it happened to Russia what do you
think they would do if happened to China
what do you think they would do right
and so on and so on and so on so if
you're watching a country act exactly
the the way yours would and exactly the
way every other country except you know
maybe Switzerland you know it it's hard
for me to say oh they shouldn't do that
when you know your country would have
done the same thing in slow motion we
would have made every decision the same
way
so so I neither condemn it nor support
it because uh it just is it's like
condemning the air I can get I can Pro I
can condemn the
rain but I want stop it from
raining so anyway I've got a question
here and one possibility a question
about why the Biden administration's
policy is what it is one possibility is
this that the people most deeply
involved the Tony
blinkin believe that they will be tarred
with a
genocide that's what I think I think
Tony
blinkin specifically and personally does
not want to have a genocide on his
permanent record and he knows that if
they just go along with everything that
Israel asked for it's going to be on his
permanent record there's no way around
it he's going to be genocide blinking
for the rest of his life but if they put
up a little uh little
fight and the fight doesn't make any
difference to the
outcome probably won't right I I don't
even know if in the real world the
weapons are being withheld do you it's
it's entirely possible that you're
watching good cop bad cop and we've and
we've already delivered every single
bomb they ever asked for you don't think
that's possible I'm not saying it's
happening I'm saying that in the real
world you could easily imagine where the
United States said to Israel look BB
there's no way we can back this because
we'll just become genocide backers but
at the same time we also know if we were
you we'd be doing the same thing so how
about this you do what you got to do
we'll make sure you have the assets to
do it but in public we're going to be
fighting against
you because when it's done we need to
say yeah we acted in a moral way at
least a little bit moral when it's done
you don't need to answer to that because
you're doing what everybody would have
done in that situation that's that's
completely different they you you get to
be moral when you're not there
let me say it in a better way morality
and ethics are a luxury that's provided
to the people who are not there that's
us so we have the luxury of being oh
we're moral people we don't we don't
believe in any genocides there's no good
reason for that yeah that's cuz we're
not
there do you remember how you felt after
911
Ju Just think back to how how you felt
on
9/11 do you know how many people said
the Middle East should be turned into
glass a
lot a
lot so let's let's be a little bit
open-minded about what you would feel
like if you had been in Israel on
October 7th again I'm not I'm not
defending anybody I'm just describing
it's just description
yeah so I think I think that morality
has to
bifurcate the people who are there have
to deal with
reality which is we need to make this
risk completely go away or our brains
cannot
survive and that's real too yeah you
can't live there if you know that your
government can't protect you so there's
a psychological element to this that uh
is is known only to the people who are
there if you're not there you don't have
to pschological
damage and so you're like oh in my
ethical and moral way I think there
should be no genocides and there should
be two two Nations living in
peace as if that's an
option if that were an option I would be
advocating for it it's clearly not an
option to have two states living next to
each other that's not going to
happen all
right one possibility
is that the gazin residents will be
settled somewhere
else um
permanently but maybe somewhere in the
West Bank imagine if you will that you
try to rebuild Gaza at the same time
that you resettling the people back
there it's not really going to work
there's going to be so much you know was
just
destroyed but how much easier would it
be to build a new city
on just fresh
ground way way way easier so if you want
what's best for the Palestinians you
would keep them in you know Palestinian
historical lands I guess you might say
some would argue and you just say how
about we give you a new city that's
better than Gaza because we don't have
to clean everything up first because the
the clean up
alone two years
I'd say two years to clean it up but if
you start from scratch and say all right
we're going to buy a couple of farms and
turn them into like the best place ever
to live how fast could you do that kind
of fast kind of fast and then you could
take your time cleaning up Gaza and then
when you're done and it's possible that
people could live there again you decide
what that looks like then but you don't
have to decide in advance because it's
going to be years before that place is
useful so just consider the possibility
that you could upgrade the lives of the
let's call them the innocent uh Gaza
residents give them something to look
forward to and uh might be the cheaper
way to go to Just build from scratch
something you know will work you you
could easily imagine spinning up a uh a
desalinization plant
quickly you could easily imagine trying
to put in a nuclear facility or a uh
solar panel Farm to power it you know it
would be easy for me to imagine that the
new Gaza let's call it new
Gaza um would be the best place in the
world to to live generally speaking I'm
going to make this claim there I
guarantee you that the future is
building new cities from
scratch 100% guarantee you there's
nothing going to stop that from
happening and it will be the biggest
thing so in the future building a new
city from scratch will be the biggest
economic uh engine in the
world and this could be the the best
case where where you sort of forced into
it but let's see what we can do you know
if you built from scratch your
transportation costs would be almost
nothing your uh your crime fighting
would be almost nothing your energy cost
would be almost nothing even your food
cost cost you could cut by 30% if you
engineered the town and and you could
get rid of chronic illness because you
could just grow your own organic food
locally and make sure that nobody had a
bunch of preservatives and and chemicals
in them so you could solve almost every
big problem in
Civilization by starting from scratch
you could solve inflation you can solve
uh the uh the
debt because if you have a lot of debt
the people are going to get taxed they
don't have much money to live but if you
take their living expense down
90% And they still get paid the same
amount but their living expenses down
90% let's take
College AI is going to make College cost
basically
nothing right so the things that used to
cost us immense amounts of money are
going to go to zero or close to it if
you design carefully so design is the
future we don't even have to event we
just have to design
better and that's where we're heading
ladies and gentlemen this brings me to
the close of what is no doubt the best
show you've ever seen a little bit long
today but worth every bit I'm going to
say uh a few words to the locals people
only if I can make this user interface
do what I want it to do oh no that was
the wrong
button come back come
back there I am I'm back
where is the right button there it is
all right locals only uh we'll see if
this works I should be talking to the
locals only in about a
minute
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for