doesn't bumpin bumpin bumpin buh-buh-buh
hey everybody come on in here come on
get in here it's time for you know what
if I seem tired perhaps it's because I
am so last night Christina and I went to
watch the the show by JLo so I'm in
Vegas right now leaving in a few hours
but so we went to watch JLo and oh my
god does she have a talent stack that
woman has so many talents put together
singing and dancing and choreography
she knows fitness she knows beauty
apparently it was quite impressive but
before we get to that let us have coffee
with Scott Adams raise your mug your cup
your chalice your glass with the
beverage of your choice I like coffee
and join me for the simultaneous M
oh that's good stuff
Dershowitz is coming on Fox good I'll
probably watch that if I'm not on here
so I tweeted yesterday the little
summary of a story that I want to share
with you because everybody's talking
about Cavanaugh Cavanaugh seems to be
the only news and people are mistakenly
lining up behind one of two opinions
they're taking the opinion that he's
definitely guilty of charges by
Professor Ford I think it is and then
another side is saying well he's
definitely being set up and none of this
happened I think there's a third
possibility which is the most likely one
it's the one that fits the facts the
best and I'll tell you about that in a
moment now before I get into that I
should tell you that there's no way
we're ever going to know it is
completely unknowable
what happened 35 years ago but people
will act as though they know so if
you're seeing people act positive that
it's just obvious oh it's just obvious
that it's one way or the other easy
they're guilty or not there's something
there's something wrong with them and if
you happen to be one of those people
there something wrong with you too
I hate to tell you because the third
possibility is that the accuser believes
something happened that maybe didn't
happen so that would be the third
possibility a false memory but in order
to judge whether a false memory is a
crazy crazy thing that you should just
toss out or something to consider
wouldn't you first need to know how
common it is
to have a false memory and then on top
of that how weird would it be to have
this kind of false memory worried where
you that you know if it was a false
memory it could have been an event that
never happened how weird would that be
or putting a different character in for
the the accuser in other words what are
the chances she remembered a different
person that would be really weird right
because the one person that you could
remember is your accuser if you can't
remember anything you're gonna remember
somebody who did something bad to you
right well let me tell you my story and
it was during my first job as a bank
teller I got robbed at gunpoint while
working and it was a robber who had the
gun in the pocket you know where they
they pretend you know you don't know if
it's a finger or a gun but you don't
want to take a chance so you know he
holds up his pocket with the coat pocket
with an indication of a gun so I start
handing him money as is the requirement
of the job if you get robbed you're
supposed to give them the money and I
made sure I got a good look at him
because I knew I would be asked to
describe him as soon as he left
and sure enough he he left and the FBI
shows up soon after I think within an
hour and they interview me to ask me to
describe the guy who robbed me and I
just got described him this way but
basically I described him looking like a
version of me somebody who is about my
age now 60s with a gray stubble
and you know short shorts like sparse
gray air and a in a long black trench
coat so well remember I was in my 20s so
if I describe myself I was describing
myself you know decades in the future so
this is what I described and then the
FBI went and they looked on the video
from the security cameras and they
contacted my boss and said we needed to
talk to him again
because the person that he described we
can't see on the video so they they
actually took me down to the secret FBI
headquarters and they said you know
describe that guy again and I described
him again and they said all right now
watch this video and they had a hand
crank
so they could move the video frame by
frame it's very old technology and they
show be a guy in the film and they say
is this the guy who robbed you and the
person they pointed to looked like a
young Clint Eastwood you know
six-foot-something 30-something this was
young a young Clint Eastwood 30 or
something big moustache you know full
head of thick head of hair and a sport
coat all right so basically there wasn't
one part of this guy except the race
that I got right and when I saw him on
the video they said is this the guy that
robbed you and I said no that's not even
close and then they said keep watching
and they backed it up until he was
actually robbing me so I actually had a
a perfect confident memory of a person
who had robbed me one hour before who
was not even close to the person I saw
on video who actually did robbed me one
hour before not even close
this by the way is not that unusual so
it was around that time that I started
taking classes and hypnosis and you
learn that there are lots of experiments
that have been done exactly like this
and the experiment is that a professor
usually will we'll have somebody come in
and pretend that he's disruptive in the
class or robbing somebody robbing the
teacher right in front of the class and
then as soon as the robber leaves they
have people describe the robber and then
it's all over the place he had a gun he
didn't have a gun he was a you know he
was black he was why he was Asian you
you completely different explanations so
once you learned how common it is to
have false memories really really
radical false memories then it changes
how you see the world and you realize
that people are inventing their history
they're not remembering it that's
important to know people don't remember
their history they sort of invent it
they concoct it as they go and it
changes over time so the history you
remember the one you construct in your
head actually shifts over time now the
question is could you remember a
different person a whole different
person in an event that you were in and
it's somebody you actually know what if
it's somebody you know well could you
get that person wrong in your story
well let me tell you I remember once
talking to my brother was years ago
and I brought up some story from our
childhood I don't remember right now
what it was exactly and I said do you
remember the time I did XYZ and my
brother looked at me and said you didn't
do that that was me so I had I had a
memory of doing something that was
actually my brother doing something it
wasn't even me I had a complete memory
of something I had never been involved
with it was actually another person how
unusual is that here's the weird part
it's not unusual yeah and somebody
saying maybe my brother was wrong it
ends up being the same point either way
either I or my brother had a complete
false memory and in this case I do
faulted his memory because he actually
has a good memory and I don't so once
you realize how common it is to have a
false memory then you have a different
view of the world now let's take this
case of the allegations against judge
Cavanaugh one of the things you would
look for to see if there is a false
memory is you would look for something
that would have reminded the accuser of
Judge Cavanaugh even though it wasn't
him so now I'm going into speculative
territory but it's more about showing
you how a false memory could be formed
to have a false memory it helps if there
was a trigger it's very well documented
that let's say investigators talking to
somebody who's a witness can lead the
witness sometimes without even trying to
create a false memory and planted in
them in the way that goes it works like
this you'd say were you there during
this crime whatever yes I was there did
you see did you see the defendant or no
yeah did you see the accused punched the
accuser and if if the person had never
seen a punch the question itself can
trigger a false memory so if the witness
had never seen anybody punch anybody but
the investigator made the mistake of
saying okay did you see the accused
punched the accuser with his right hand
you know after the altercation the
question can actually implant an
immediate false memory it's well
documented right it's easy to reproduce
there are famous cases of all this the
maid Martin school McMartin preschool
case had an entire preschool bunch of
kids
I don't know dozens of them who all had
false memories implanted by the same
investigators we know that to be true so
you need a trigger to make it easy for a
false memory to form it's not the only
way it can happen but it helps if you've
got some kind of you know plant and hear
allegedly the story about judge
Cavanaugh who by the time the accuser
was talking about the story in in recent
years anyway was already a judge judge
Cavanaugh a judge judge Cavanaugh who
was the other person she says was the
witness a person whose name whose last
name is judge now if you've got a memory
from 35 years ago and and one of the
people who was the main in the main
player is this guy whose name is mark
judge and maybe that part's true
this is just speculation I'm not saying
this happened if you had somebody who
you think was there named mark judge and
one of his friends that also was
somebody who used sometimes saying hang
around with is somebody who became a
famous judge could that be enough to
plant a false memory that the other
judge was involved and the answer is yes
that that would be that would be one of
the things you would look for is why did
you know how could somebody have a
completely different person in the story
well it may have been suggested by the
fact that there was somebody named judge
and this other judge Cavanaugh became a
famous judge it would be a weird
coincidence that there are two judges in
the same story but also totally possible
so let me let me reiterate you know
every few seconds in this story that you
there is no way to know
if the accusations are true or not we'll
never know can't know but if you were
going to rank the likelihoods of things
I would personally put false memory at
the top that doesn't mean it's true but
if you're going to say what are the odds
of this or the odds of that it would be
the most typical way something like this
could happen now the reason that I
imagined it would if you were to look at
the two competing hypotheses to say how
likely are they know one of them says
that he did this he did this attack and
that there are no other witnesses she
didn't mention it in and judge Cavanaugh
has no history of anything like this and
you know that people who get accused of
this sort of thing tend to have more
than one accusation and it's been a
while you would have seen other people
come out of the woodwork so it's
possible he did it and it's possible it
was a one-time thing or that there are
other you know maybe you did other
things and nobody came forward but it
would be a little unusual right for
someone to have a one time never
mentioned the guy's name years later a
lot of coincidences but totally possible
you can't rule it out just because you
know it's it's unlikely then there's
also the possibility that
that he didn't do it and that the
accuser is just pure lying she's just
making it up for political purposes the
only point of it is - yeah the only
point of it is to you know stop this
nomination from going forward well
here's the problem with that even if
they stop this nomination the next thing
that's going to happen
I assume would be that the the next
thing that's going to happen is that I
would assume the Trump administration
would nominate who's the woman who was
Amy Barrett
something something Kony or something
anyway they were just nominated a woman
Amy Barrett she would get nominated and
her politics would presumably be similar
to two Cavanaugh's so it's very unlikely
that even if it was a scheme to stall
this thing that that it would be a good
plan secondly the person who
hypothetically you know if in your view
in the view of many of you the the
people who think she just flat-out lied
and made up the whole thing and knows
she's doing it she you'd have to also
assume that she was willing to throw
away her life and here's the hard part
and the life of her family her families
I don't know in her situation his kids
husband or whatever but her family
doesn't come out well and it was a
reason that she wanted to be a little
anonymous at first because it's
dangerous she actually had to leave her
home already because of death threats
she would have known this was gonna
happen any any adult was paying
attention
any adult who's especially if she had TD
asked if she had trump derangement
syndrome she would of course know in her
mind that there would be a lot of
blowback so is it possible that somebody
would just make something up for
political reasons something we've never
really seen like this
and would would take the consequences
not only for herself but on her family
is it possible somebody would do that
yes right anything's possible it's not
impossible there's there are no facts no
facts and evidence that would make that
and impossibility but it seems unlikely
to me so here are your three
possibilities a false memory implanted
possibly by the family therapist do you
remember that this came up for the first
time with a name on it during some kind
of couples therapy when you've got a
therapist and they're saying who was in
the room what was his name Mike judge it
was the other guy
can you remember him well I'm not sure
but you know I'm not saying it went that
way I'm just saying that's one way it
could go so false false memory in my
professional experience is common how
common well how many times that people
go into jail for a false identification
pretty frequently how many times has it
been rape pretty frequently right false
identifications are very very common how
many people think they were abducted by
aliens
taken on the ship probed and brought
back to earth a lot right turns out
there's a lot of them now you could say
well maybe there are really ilion's dude
doing this probably not probably it's
more likely that it was a false memory
all right so a professional someone who
knows what I know somebody who knows
about how memories are formed etc would
probably agree with me that the most
likely thing that's happening here is a
false memory and if they don't agree
that it's the most likely they would
agree that it's a routine thing right
the other possibility is are still could
be true could be true he did it could it
be true she's lying both possible in my
opinion a little less likely all right
now I know some of you are saying dude
don't be so naive don't be so stupid
of course the answer is X and then
there'll be just as many people who were
saying dude don't be so stupid
it's the opposite of X all right your
certainty you should your indicator that
you're wrong meaning that you could be
right by chance I mean you might be
certain for reasons that you shouldn't
be certain and also right but you
shouldn't be certain all right what
about oh and then let's let's jump to
the conclusion so given that we'll never
know the truth of it why should we do
what should we do and we need to do and
I think we will do we meaning the
country will do the thing that is most
credible for the system so if you can't
know about the individuals involved
you can't know you just can't know what
they did or didn't do you have to
default to a system for dealing with
these ambiguities that is a system that
all Americans would look at and say ah
even if I don't like the way this went
the system they use to get there is
credible and there is one one system
that is totally credible in this country
which is that you're innocent until
proven guilty so there's only way one
way it can go unless there are you know
new information comes up but given what
we know now and unless we have new
information there will be a vote and you
will be confirmed because the system is
more important than any individuals
that's why that's why even guilty people
sometimes get away with it because you
you want the system to be dominant over
even individuals that's the only
credible way to have laws all right
is it my imagination is it my
imagination or does it seem like the the
difference between the GOP and the
Democrats is mostly becoming about women
issues that are important to women and
sort of a female centric view of these
two parties partly because of the
abortion question right that's a big one
and maybe that more than anything else
but it seems to me that the the brand of
the two big parties and I remind anybody
new I'm not a Republican and I'm not a
Democrat I'm not anything so I'm talking
about others it seems to me that the the
GOP brand in terms of you know their
relationship with women is as protectors
so the GOP is sort of protective of
women you know the strong on strong on
the law enforcement family family units
and things like that things which are
they go to safety you know physical
safety strong on strong on immigration
meaning strong on border control because
of safety you hear you will hear the GOP
talk more about you know let's import
fewer people who might you know might
have a higher ratio of crime or
something in there so GOP seems like
protectors the Democrat brand seems to
brand men as abusers
so the Democratic brand is that men are
abusers by their nature and the GOP GOP
brand as the men are protectors by their
nature does it seem to me that that's
that those are the ways the brands are
lining up no no I I warn you that this
is not my opinion of what things should
be I'm not saying one is the good one
when it's the bad one I'm just saying
that that's how it seems to be evolving
seems to be evolving that if you are a
man and you if you're a man and you're a
member of the the Republican Party then
you and the people in the Republican
Party think of you as a protector or
someone who damn well ought to be a
protector
all right that's that's the feeling
about what men should be and on the
Democratic side it seems that men are
abusers future abusers passive users
likely abusers are probably abusers so I
don't know how men can join the
Democratic Party it's because correct me
if I'm wrong but you'd have to hate
yourself a little bit if you're a man
and you're also a Democrat am I wrong
about that wouldn't you need to hate
yourself a little bit if you're a man to
be to be a Democrat because you know
damn well the Democrats are not going to
run a man for a president there's no
chance that a man will be nominated to
run against Trump in 2020 am I wrong
about that is there any chance of man
will will will be the Democrats
candidate there's no chance right if you
were if you were black and you said to
yourself the Democratic Party is my
party they care about me more if you're
if you're black do the Democrat does the
Democratic Party care more about
your ethnicity or more about your gender
if it came down to a choice and they had
to make a decision the Democrats had
some laws that needed to pass and one of
them was better for women and one of
them was better for african-americans
yeah let's say they're both good and
morally acceptable laws but just the
nature of them one one skews one way one
skews the other way which way would they
go yeah I think they would follow gender
every time so if you're if you're black
and you're Republican and you're a man
especially what do what do Republican
men think of a black Republican man he's
a protector protector what what what is
it one of the Democrats think of you if
you're a black Republican man probably
an abuser
now of course everything I'm saying is
gross generalizations that don't hold up
for you or me or any particular person
I'm talking about the brand right so the
brand can have its own life independent
of lots of the individuals within it and
that's what I'm talking about
so it's not about individuals it's about
the brand so I don't know how they can
win with that brand it seems to be a
completely unwinnable brand at the
presidential level let's talk about
turnout it seems to me that turnout in
the midterms is or the midterm elections
will be mostly about char down and the
Republican brand again you know see if
I'm wrong the Republican brand is about
doing stuff about you know getting off
the couch and actually going and doing
stuff in it feels like the Republican
turnout for the midterms it's going to
be really high
I heard I saw a study that said that
Republicans were what was it less less
concerned about the midterms or
something like that it was some kind of
a poll that showed that maybe the
Republican enthusiasm would be low for
the midterms and that would be a really
bad sign because it means they wouldn't
go vote I'm not sure that's who
Republicans are here's who I think
Republicans are there are people who
just know what they need to do and then
they go do it it's not so much even
motivated right you're motivated is
almost the wrong word or when a
Republicans do stuff it's because it
needs to get done right the Republican
thing is well it needs to be done it's
hard but it needs to be done doesn't
matter if it's hard
doesn't matter if it's inconvenient
doesn't matter if I had better things to
do those things don't matter it's the
right thing to do so I'll do it that's
sort of the Republican I think so I
think anything that shows a lack of
Republican enthusiasm for the midterms
is probably misleading because it's not
enthusiasm that causes Republicans to
vote it's because it's the right thing
to do and that's that's a pretty strong
force on the Democrat side they're going
to have to be driven by enthusiasm and
their enthusiasm is going to have to
tell them that they're going to make a
difference and what are they trying to
change the economy is great North Korea
is going well etc now the one thing that
I've criticized the current
administration for is health care I've
made a few other criticisms well race
relations etc but health care I've
always thought was a glaring hole in
what the Trump administration was doing
it was just glaring that like really you
can't do you can't have some kind of a
coherent plan that at least could be
compared to the alternative and
yesterday I tweeted
that it turns out the administration is
doing exactly what I've been suggesting
for a while not because I suggested it
but because presumably they think it's a
good idea to and let me show you my
tweet
turns out the administration all right
so here's the tweet from Sol Health and
Human Services deputy secretary target
announces collaboration to accelerate
innovation and investment in healthcare
so in other words Health and Human
Services is organizing to get all the
healthcare startups to be to be part of
a collective it's voluntary but a
collective so that the government can
help the country focus its energy on
these health care startups and these
innovations that could lower healthcare
costs now they don't specifically talk
about lowering costs but you know that's
got to be you know if not the top
objective one of the top objectives
probably the top objective so it turns
out that the Republican plan for
healthcare is already better than
whatever the Democrats have because
bringing down the cost is the only way
Bernie can get what he wants do you get
that here's the high-ground maneuver on
healthcare Bernie and you know Cortez
and folks on the far left would like you
to versal healthcare we can't afford it
or if we could afford it and you could
argue that we can't afford it cuz we're
a rich country and other countries do it
but if you it but it's gonna be
expensive enough that it probably kick
can't get done politically so even if
you can't afford it but it can't be get
can't get done politically in this
country how do you change that and the
way you change it is by radically
reducing the cost perhaps having you
know I like to call it the poor person's
plan
you know it's that's bad branding but
you know what I mean a healthcare plan
for people who don't have much money
that's maybe more experimental that
involves a let's say telehealth
pay-as-you-go some kind of you know
crisis insurance etc so you should do
that stuff first and then if you can
lower the price at least for one channel
of people maybe it's not lowering the
price for everybody maybe it's just
maybe it's just lowering the price for
the people who don't have insurance
maybe it's just that but it's a now it's
at least a competitive plan and I like
that we also see I also tweeted
yesterday some details about what the
big companies Amazon chase and Apple
under whoever else things are doing to
fix health care on their own so they're
going to take big bites and of some of
the some of the parts of that Apple just
announced a watch that has better
sensors for your heart so now your
wearable devices keep getting better and
better and they'll be able to know your
healthcare situation right away there's
a big insurer who is it a big insurer
who just announced that the only kind of
health insurance John Hancock so listen
to this this was yesterday John Hancock
one of the oldest and largest North
American life insurers will stop
underwriting traditional life insurance
instead cell only interactive policies
that track fitness and health data
through wearable devices so they're not
even going to sell regular life
insurance anymore so this is life
insurance not health insurance but you
can see how the the concept would apply
to health insurance as well so they're
going to use your
your health tracking device to know that
you're doing or not doing the right
things and adjust your insurance based
on that so apparently you can control
your own insurance costs by your
lifestyle so if you want your insurance
to go down go to the gym eat laughs I
guess I can't track that yet so we're
seeing lots of stuff happening on health
care that's pretty exciting somebody
asked me did dr. Shiva help with this
Health and Human Services stuff not that
not that I know of directly but if I
haven't told you this before
a lot of people watch this podcast watch
this periscope so it seems to me that
the the ideas that I've talked about it
was certainly have gotten to the right
people whether or not that's the reason
Health and Human Services is doing what
they're doing or or that they just know
it's a good idea to we shall never know
but it's a good idea just the same don't
yeah we don't have the the white paper
yet have you noticed or let's talk about
North Korea
if North Korea goes ahead and dismantles
their nuclear sites and there's some
ambiguity it feels to be there's some
ambiguity about what it is that North
Korea decided to dismantle was it the
missile site that's the only one that
could send a nuke or is it the actual
nuclear facilities on large it's not
it's not entirely clear what they've
promised yet but I will tell you this if
Kim jong-un comes to the United States
it will be to announce faulty
nuclearization I think not guaranteed
yeah anything could happen and they
could have the you know they could have
the trip and things change at the last
minute but it seems to me that things
are shaping up so that Kim jong-un's
trip to America only makes sense to to
put the final dot on an agreement so I
think when Kim comes to America there's
going to be an announcement that doesn't
mean they've already decided to do that
but that's where everything is shaping
up that the trip to America is the big
deal here's my question let's say Kim
agrees and work commences on dismantling
their nuclear sites and there are
third-party observers from other
countries probably not Americans and
we've got pictures and the satellite
pictures show that the nuclear sites are
being dismantled and there are plans for
commerce and all kinds of good things
with North and South Korea and long-term
plans and the Olympics that are going to
try to get in 2032 suppose all of those
things are happening in six months
what will the critics say about it go
what will the critics say if if North
Korea is dismantling its nuclear program
and we're watching and it's and it
appears to be real according to the
observers what will
yeah I saw the right answer there
they're gonna say he's being played
President Trump is being played sure
they're pretending they're pretending to
dismantle these nuclear sites but really
they're hiding him under in a in a
mattress somewhere yes they've just
they've they've already moved their
nuclear weapons and they gave them to
Syria to hold there you're gonna hear
every every explanation of how it didn't
really happen
while it's happening while it's
happening so this is my prediction that
even while North Korea denuclearize --is
while it's being watched by independent
observers confirmed by satellite in
every possible way confirmed the people
who hate the president will say that
it's not actually happening they'll just
say it's not happening so you watch that
yeah they'll say Obama did it this is
one I think that we don't have to worry
about that but maybe maybe yeah well
hiding it in China would be fine
hiding hiding their nukes in China or
hiding their nukes in Russia would be a
perfect situation you know in fact that
would be the best situation you know
give it let let China take care of it
because they know how
somebody says they've already moved to
China well if the nukes are in China
that's the best
best-case situation because China knows
how to handle nukes and it doesn't
doesn't create any additional risk for
the United States so what about that
trade war so I hear there's a trade war
and if there's a trade war and it's
getting really bad what would you expect
to see what would be the implications of
a really bad trade war oh I know it
would be that stocks are doing poorly
well let's see
nope I'm checking my stocks stocks
seemed to be way up huh huh how is it
that stocks are way up somebody says
prices will go up and that may be true
but it would still wouldn't explain the
enthusiasm for stocks because the stock
market is apparently assuming success at
this point all right isn't something odd
about the stocks there's always
something odd about the stocks but I
don't know what you mean in particular
all right
I'm just looking at your comments for a
moment Jack Ma reneged on a million jobs
yeah I saw that article
who knows how real that is and who knows
who knows how long they will be reneging
you know all it seems like they could
change the mind in a heartbeat Navarro
was right and China didn't do that much
we'll see somebody's asking my take on
Elon Musk about what what in particular
I'd need a specific question how real
are we well I've talked about that
before all right I think I've said
enough I've got some things to do today
and am I still bashing queue at all
I'll talk to all of you later