[Music]
hey everybody come on in here we got
stuff to talk about there's news there's
news today and you know it goes well
with
news
coffee and the best way to enjoy your
beverage is with a simultaneous sip grab
your mug grab your cup your chalice your
Stein your thermos if you will raise it
to your lips and join me for the
simultaneous
sip I see somebody asking me about
Bo um B is going to be far more
entertaining than I had hoped because it
turns out that he's uh he's sort of
mockable by both sides so you're going
to see a lot of Democrats trying to take
him down because he looks like an
entitled uh white
male well at the same time the
Republicans will try to take him down
just because he's a
Democrat I would say the person who has
the smallest chance of winning the
presidency is Bo
oor but boy is he going to be
entertaining so I think people are going
to give him the the star the star child
treatment where everything he says looks
new Agy and you know sort of uh
nonserious so it will be
interesting but he's not going to win um
so the big story today is the sleep well
tonight quote so apparently Michael
Cohen was in conversation with a lawyer
who was at least considering being his
lawyer who knew juliani who talked to
Giuliani and about the case and assured
Michael Cohen that Michael Cohen had
friends in high places and he should
sleep well tonight and people say oh
wait is he promising him uh some kind of
a pardon to which I say doesn't matter
it doesn't
matter the the guy who said it wasn't
the president wasn't
Giuliani didn't say he was talking for
the president didn't say he was talking
for Giuliani it was just something some
guy
said now you could suspect that he
talked to somebody who told him to talk
like that but that's not an Evidence you
could suspect that your neighbor
murdered somebody but there's no
evidence of
it so it's it's one of those uh
non-story stories that even under the
unlikely condition that it's being
reported accurately
you're still just guessing that some
kind of a a crime happened you would
actually need real evidence and a guy
who doesn't work for the
president uh talking to somebody else
trying to make him feel
good definitely does not meet any kind
of standard for evidence that the
president was in some kind of a
crime all right um have you noticed that
the only time the Press believed the
president there are two conditions in
which they believe that the president is
telling them the God's honest
truth all the other times they believe
he's lying or he has his facts wrong but
there are two conditions in which the
left will absolutely insist president
Trump is telling the truth as he
believes
it condition number one when it's an
obvious lie and you know why he's lying
he's doing it for the country for
example when the president goes easy on
Trump on Putin and says well he says he
didn't he didn't do it or he says about
Kim Jong-un well he says he's going to
denuclearize or he says about uh MBS
Saudi Crown Prince and he says well he
says he wasn't
involved now unless you're 3 years old
you should understand that he's saying
in the clearest possible possible
terms whether or not these things are
true or and whether or not they're
telling the truth I prefer to frame it
this way for Advantage in other words
it's a strategic
advantage to treat these dictators nice
uh and to act as though I'm taking them
at their word because that might be good
for us but what does what does the Press
do they take what is an obvious
political lie
which is literally presented as a lie in
my opinion the president presents it
packaged as a
lie when he says I take MBS at his word
or he says he didn't do
it you're not supposed to think he
believes
it he's signaling as as clearly as
possible okay you don't have to believe
this is true but we're going to proceed
under under this understand
and the Press says that's the one time
they're going to take him at his word
the one time he's obviously signaling
don't take me at my word you know don't
don't take this literally I'm just
saying that he says he didn't do
it so that's one condition the other
condition that they they take him at his
word is when they made it
up when they make up what the president
said that's the that's the other time
that they believe it they don't believe
what he said they believe what they made
up that he said for
example when he called the uh countries
 whole
countries they made up that he meant
that the people there were bad people he
didn't say that he was talk about their
you know socioeconomic system
but they made up that he was calling
these people holes and then they
decided that it was honest his honest
opinion for the first time hey he's
being honest about the thing we totally
made up there was also the fine people
hoax where they reported that he said
Nazis are fine people which literally
never happened and yet that's the one
time they say that he meant it the one
time they they just made it up so the
two situations that they they act like
he's telling the truth or when he's
telling you he's not telling the truth
but just go with it cuz it's good for
the
country they believe that when he says
he's lying in the clearest possible
terms and they also believe it yeah in
the Tim Apple situation they they
believe that he called Tim Cook Tim
apple as if he couldn't remember his
last name when in fact he was just you
know uh he was just shortening at you
know Tim from Apple just you know Tim
Apple so when they make it up they
believe he meant
it yeah uh so those are the only two
cases that they believe him is when they
made it up or when he's telling you not
to believe
him um I'm having another another topic
here how how weird and simulation is it
you know I always talk about as living
in a
simulation coincidences are typically
usually just coincidences they don't
mean anything but there's a weird one
happening right now and I only point out
because coincidences are fun all right
so don't read too much into this
coincidences are fun that's it that's
the end of the only meaning of what I'm
going to say next so the green New Deal
comes out and the critics say you are
you kidding me you want to ground all
the airplanes how how could you how
could you suggest that we get rid of air
travel it's crazy it's crazy now it
probably is crazy but that's not my
Point what are the odds that we will go
from that conversation directly
to today's news that the boeings max 8
are
grounded that's a lot of planes I think
that's a lot of grounded planes and
secondly this monster storm hits the
country and grounded 3,100 flights
today so as we're having the
conversation about how crazy it is to
stop air
travel air travel stopped what were the
odds of that what are the odds you're
having that conversation at the same
time the air travel stopped you know I'm
exaggerating it didn't didn't completely
stop but it's kind of a weird
coincidence that those two things were
happening at the same
time uh let's talk about the Lisa page
quote I know you want me to update you
on this the insurance policy text
message you heard me bragging yesterday
that her testimony proves that it had
been
misinterpreted that the insurance policy
did not mean that they were trying to
remove a president through illegitimate
means but rather the way she explained
it was that just in case something came
of the uh the investigation into Russian
inclusion you wouldn't want to stop it
before you know once he becomes
president it's even more important it
might become irrelevant if he doesn't
become president but you need that
insurance policy just in case he might
get elected and just in case there might
be something to the Russia
stuff uh but it turns out that the
president and ran Paul and uh looks like
um May maybe everyone else in the world
disagrees with me or at least everyone
else on the right side of the world so
the way it's being reported and and
maybe maybe they actually believe this I
don't know but it's being reported as
though the insurance policy is now
confirmed to mean that they need they
wanted to get rid of
trump but that's not in
evidence what is an Evidence is that she
had a
job and that job was somehow involved
with this
investigation uh or or she was talking
about it it doesn't either way it's the
same
um
and the insurance
policy was that you better do your job
well and you better not drop the
investigation just in case he gets
elected and just in case there's
something to the Russia collusion story
now how do you rule out the
ordinary what was she supposed to do if
it was her job to investigate this thing
and she genuinely didn't know if there
was anything to it it was her job to
find out how are you supposed to
act she should have acted exactly the
way she acted even if she was totally
biased and even if she wanted to she
wanted the president out of
office so the fact that she wanted him
out of office does not automatically
mean that she was going to do illegal or
inappropriate things to make it it
happen so that's the that's the air gap
here there is no evidence that she she
wanted to do anything illegal that she
wanted to do anything outside of her job
description or that she wanted to
manufacture uh facts that weren't
there so I believe there's nothing in
evidence to suggest she intended to do
anything illegal or
inappropriate am I wrong I didn't see
any evidence in any of that you would
have to assume that she secretly meant
that she would do inappropriate things
to get rid of trump because that was the
main the main goal but that's not an
evidence that is not an Evidence now the
people saying wrong wrong um I I'll give
you one
warning but those of you who have been
watching me for a while know that I
blocked people for using the word wrong
without a reason you're always welcome
to give me a
reason I welcome it and in fact I enjoy
it when I find out I'm wrong because
it's usually interesting and it fits
within the context of what I talk about
which is how easily people could be
wrong about simple stuff and so I don't
mind when it happens to me I didn't mind
when I was wrong about my first
impression to the Covington thing I
didn't mind that I was completely wrong
and I corrected it immediately because I
learned something as did we all so if
you have a
reason feel free to offer it but if you
just type in capitals wrong I'm going to
assume that you're that you're
experiencing cognitive dissonance so
just know that when you say wrong to me
you are saying I'm experiencing
cognitive dissonance I don't have any
reasons but I need to lash out that's
all I hear all right
um so so let's put it this way it's an
open
question whether or not uh we have a
final answer on what insurance policy
means but we do have two versions one
completely ordinary um I was doing my
job doing my job is the most ordinary
explanation of what the insurance policy
meant that's it the the insane version
of it which might actually be true all
right so there's nothing to rule out
that it really was a deep stay plot and
she was part of it and she really would
have done anything to get rid of the
president whether it was legal whether
it was within her job description or
whether it was inappropriate but maybe
legal there's no evidence she was
willing to do anything illegal or
inappropriate it wasn't in her statement
wasn't in her texts and why would you
even assume it that just not an Evidence
so I'm not saying that she wasn't biased
I'm not saying that the bias that the
bias would not influence her decision-
making but there's no
evidence of evil or illegal intention
she just had a bias like 100% of the
people in every part of the government
people had very strong biases about this
election you couldn't find somebody on
Earth who a government job at least that
kind of government job and didn't have a
bias that person doesn't exist all right
uh I am having a wonderful time watching
the pro collusion people the people have
been pushing that for the last two years
or whatever watching them uh trying to
step
back I'm watching them try to step
back all right somebody's probably just
joking by saying you're wrong Scott in
capital letters but I'm going to block
them just because that was the
rule um now you know the rule
okay uh so I just watched a fascinating
little clip it was probably from CNN
last night in which Don Lemon is talking
to Chris Cuomo and they're talking about
how the Muller report might be uh a lot
of nothing uh and and they both wanted
to let the viewers know that they never
personally said impeachment was a good
idea now that's probably true so on a a
factchecking level I wouldn't be
surprised if that's true that neither of
them said impeach because that really
wasn't their job to give to give that
opinion or was it well maybe it was sort
of their job they are opinion
people but watching them uh try to
distance themselves from the story is is
is frankly very entertaining and so
watch the clip about the two of them
talking about it it's quite
hilarious uh and it's even funnier
because apparently they're friends in
real life Don Lemon and Chris Cuomo and
they do things but watching Don Lemon uh
humiliate Chris Cuomo In that clip for
for being an idiot was frankly great
entertainment uh you know you have to
put it in context that they're friends
in real life but he did totally
humiliate him uh on that clip I don't
know what was in his mind what he was
doing that uh but it was
funny so uh tuer Carl had a interesting
piece that I just tweeted which he was
talking about Chris Hayes had the uh I
guess the head of Media Matters on and
Media Matters is sort of the Watchdog to
make sure that there are no no racist in
the Republican party you know they're
sort of a Soros funded
organization uh that just tracks down
and tries to Target Target Republicans
for something that they may or may not
have ever done or did a long time ago H
just to take them out of the game so
Media Matters is sort of the the worst
the worst people in the world doing the
worst thing in the world making the
world a worst place uh and Tucker finds
these quotes from the guy the head guy
who was on Chris Hay's show so the the
Media Matters head guy apparently said
some really racist things in the
past
so uh things have gotten really
interesting so it turns out there's
almost nobody who can't be taken out if
you can look at all their past comments
you know if if you can dig into people's
past you could pretty much take out
anybody no not David Brock so I don't
know if there's some difference between
a a founder of Media Matters versus
whoever is in charge of it at the moment
there may there may be some difference
there so it wasn't but it wasn't David
Brock
um and typically you would expect that
Tucker Carlson would not have done that
except they dug into his 10-year-old
quotes which were made in the context of
people on a show about inappropriate
things saying inappropriate things so
there was a pretty weak attack against
Tucker but uh it just opened up for a
Counterattack and now I wonder C can you
just take out anybody if you can go back
in time and we can now because
everybody's got a you know a record of
their history I think you can take out
anybody you can find something that
would sound terrible taken out of
context or even in context in this case
um so there's a story uh which I will
not make light
of uh in which Rosie odonnell has a new
book out which is probably pretty
interesting you know I know you may have
some negative feelings about Rosie
O'Donnell but I have to think that her
new book is probably going to be a
interesting read just because her story
is interesting and she's an interesting
person so even if even if you don't like
anything about her or her opinions it's
probably an interesting book um so I say
that as an author but she's making the
claim that's in the book and she's
talking about it now that her father had
molested her for
years now that's probably true I I would
imagine you why would you lie about that
um you know we live in a world where you
can't believe anything anymore but I
believe that
um and it made me wonder this
Trump represents in sort of a what's the
best word
uh in a sort of a collective way we view
the world um archetype maybe that's it
Trump feels like your father who's tough
but
fair right so yeah so and and for a long
time people have been calling Trump
Daddy right so that was that was a thing
during the
election I think Milo yopos probably
started that or at least he said it a
lot in which people like literally refer
to him as a father
figure
and it makes me wonder and this is not a
claim just so when you take this out of
context if whoever is watching who's
going to take this out a context let me
let me say clearly this is not a claim
it's a hypothesis
in other words is something I think
would be worth studying and what is
worth studying is do people who have a
bad experience with their own
father have a bad feeling about
President
Trump wouldn't you imagine that you
could find that correlation now not any
kind of onetoone correlation of course
but don't you imag don't you imagine
that given that people on both sides
sort of in the subconscious and maybe
even conscious way they see him as a
father figure but they also have
feelings about their own
father I imagine if you did a some kind
of a controlled study you would find
that people who had good feelings about
their father and maybe Trump you know
mirror some of those qualities which is
he's not a perfect person by any
means but he's tough he loves you and
he's fair or he tries to
be so I would not be surprised if uh a
scientific study could be done in which
you would you would find that um it
either biases people one way or the
other toward him or against him based on
their their father experience and by the
way this would be a completely normal
hypothesis that there's nothing weird
about this that this would be a pretty
reasonable thing to
hypothesize because people are
influenced by things that look alike
feel alike seem alike remind you of you
know that's well established that that
people can flate things and then the the
goodness or Badness of one thing you
know spills over to the other thing that
that that's um it's really what's behind
endorsements and advertising it's it's
the most
well-established uh wellestablished
concept
uh you could have about people so it' be
worth seeing and I also wonder if the
especially the
women um the women who have been
victimized by their own fathers I wonder
if they're the ones who are most likely
to
go um go hard at Trump in other words
the ones who are who are willing to
really just put themselves out there and
to say that he's he's a Monster who must
be stopped
um so that's
a study I would love to see all right
now let me give you an update on how
many of you have followed my back and
forth with uh actor
filmmaker um Nick cersi who is a noted
noted conservative type who has a big
presence on on Twitter Etc and we're
we're discussing the factual claim
and not the political opinion all right
so what you're going to hear now is not
my opinion and not a suggestion of my
opinion and not a hint of what my
opinion is all right so it's nothing
that here is about my
opinion uh it was a discussion of fact
because Alyssa Milano asked a perfectly
reasonable question and just because I
disagree with her on 99% of her opinions
that does not in any way make it
inappropriate to ask a fact question and
so she asked a fact question is there
anybody out there who believes literally
believes that Democrats are in favor of
killing a baby after it's been born
that's viable and and could be revived
so it's just a fact question does such a
person exist because there's a belief
that such a person exists but there's no
evidence of it and so so we had some
back and forth and I I and I have to
tell you how this went so you you get an
insight into the world so I said well I
as I Amplified it on Twitter and I said
I also have the same question because
I've never met such a person I've never
you know I've never seen that um put
forth I'll talk about Peter sner in in a
minute
and and so um I in asking for evidence
um
Nick cersi first forwarded his movie
gnell in which apparently I haven't seen
the movie but apparently there's a
doctor who did exactly that he was
killing killing babies after they had
been taken out of the mother I don't
know the details but he's in jail for it
so that's sort of a special case of
somebody who committed terrible crimes
now he's in jail for it so I dismiss
that as a special case which doesn't
tell you the general thing you know I
understand the serial killers exist but
it would not be true that you could find
people in favor of
murder right so the fact that serial
killers exist is not evidence that
ordinary people are in favor of
murder it just means that people do
murder so I said but can you show me the
law that somebody is proposing because
that would be you know more factual show
me a La that somebody proposes that
would allow a baby that could survive
and is alive after
birth that there's any law that would
allow you to um kill it directly or to
allow it to die through neglect if it
could
survive
and Nick sends me a link to a New York
Post
article now the New York Post is not
your probably most reliable source for
uh
medical
opinion so I read the article and it
says very clearly that the that there
are some laws considered that would that
would make it legal to kill a baby born
alive so the New York Post had an
article which it says directly exactly
what Nick cersi says that the law would
allow you to kill a
baby after it was
born that that could have otherwise
survived so I say to myself well let's
look where he's linking to because if
he's making such a claim obviously
there's a link to the the law or at
least the text of the law so you can see
it for yourself but the article didn't
have that it was literally just and uh
an opinion person talking without any
reference to the facts which that is
based on so I said okay well let's we
let's see the law it's a claim of fact
and so um somebody who is uh on the
pro-abortion side weighed in who
happened to be a researcher so a
researcher who actually could find
things and was was helping out in the
conversation says all right here's a
copy of the actual law for New York and
you read the actual law and there's
nothing like that in
there the actual law and the person who
um you know the chief of staff who is
putting it through for whichever
politician was talking about it and
clarified that if if a baby is born and
it still has a heartbeat it's illegal to
kill it it's murder because once you're
born you're you have all the rights of a
born person
so the
law which was the subject of the New
York Post article was opposite of what
the author said it was and you can tell
that just by looking at it's quite
obvious and then you talk to the
politician who was pushing the law and
that politician says in the clearest
possible sense no there's no condition
in which you can kill a live baby that's
just murder everybody
agrees
um so we had this interesting and then
the other evidence that was offered was
the northr video in which he uh says in
direct language that there could be a
case where you could let a baby die
after after the abortion of course the
context is left out the context is that
the baby was going to die no matter what
that it's a hospice decision and it's
it's question whether you keep it
comfortable or you try anyway even
though it's obvious it cannot
survive um and obvious means well maybe
you're wrong but it's still obvious that
it would be a bad idea so that would be
the decision and likewise there's some
politician named Tran who also was anac
context Etc so the evidence that xers he
offers is a New York Post article that
talks about a law the opposite of the
actual law because you can look at the
law and you can look at the article you
can see that what he says about it has
no correlation the other evidence were
two pieces of video which are completely
out of
context and so when when these were
pointed out to Nick Cersei what do you
think his answer was did he say well let
me give you a better source
did he say I have interpreted those two
situations
wrong what he said
was you're you have to read between the
lines and I thought read between the
lines and other people said you have to
know how these people think meaning the
Democrats and other people said you have
to understand that they wouldn't say it
directly it's just their weasel way to
to get into baby killing through the
side
door and so it became
clear somebody says show us the law
Scott um I've tweeted that a few times
I've tweeted connections to it
um so so it turns out that Nick cersi's
entire um opinion on this topic appears
to be based on a
hoax and the hoax is supported by two
videos and a context one of Northam one
of Tran and then a New York Post article
that is the opposite of reality in other
words somebody says something but then
you check the reality and it's obviously
the opposite
so uh now most of you are trying to
change the conversation as I'm seeing
here and so people are saying well wait
a minute what about you know abortion
isn't that killing a baby and I'm not
talking about that
that's a perfectly good line of
conversation but that's not what we're
talking about I'm only
factchecking Alysa Milano's claim that
there's anybody in the world or any law
that allows you that anybody thinks it's
a good idea to kill a baby that could
otherwise survive it's just it's just a
hoax doesn't exist all right so um so I
I've also watched some people uh
question me on my uh comments about uh
transgender athletes and some people
have seen my opinion and said to me in
effect your opinion is so puzzling
meaning doesn't make sense that you must
be doing it for some kind of clever
trick or effect
or there there's some kind of long long
range strategy to it but you couldn't
clear You couldn't possibly believe what
you're
saying I do believe exactly what I'm
saying about transgender athletes and
here and let me say it as clearly as
possible sports are mostly about
unfairness unfair advantages the entire
field of sports is mostly people
losing best case scenario if there are
only two people competing best case
scenario 50% of the them are losers
right so most people lose most of the
time and most people can never no matter
how hard they exercise can become as
good as an elite athlete so the entire
field of sports is people trying to deal
with
unfairness so when when um when Stephen
Curry is driving toward a basket and the
person guarding him is 7 feet tall
that's what's fun because it's a
complete mismatch because Stephen Curry
is six feet whatever six feet around one
or two or three or something and so it's
an unfair advantage and then he he
succeeds
anyway Sports the thing that makes it
fun is watching people beat unfair
advantages so the entire context is
people trying to trying to get an
advantage and trying to overcome an
advantage
the only thing that's fair about sports
is that you have one set of
rules but those rules are not intended
to remove the fact that the entire
Endeavor of sports is about people
trying to take advantage of their
advantages trying to overcome other
people's advantages it's a completely
unfair by
Design By Design it's unfair if they
were trying to make Sports fair you
could only have basketball teams with
people the same height and the same
age we don't do that we like all that
unfairness because that's the fun part
watching people overcome it and then
every now and then you get a freak like
Michael phel Phelps and I say freak in a
in a loving way not a bad way he's a
freak in the sense that he's so good now
that's fun to watch because he's so
dominant likewise uh any any top star or
fun to watch because they're so dominant
but the existence of that dominant
athlete necessarily kicks somebody off
the team if they didn't
exist um anyway so let me let me put
this in
context my comments about transgender
are trying to um illustrate that there's
an illusion that people are operating
under and what I talk about with all of
the topics in the news is the illusion
so I'm being consistent and it doesn't
matter which side of the PO political
Spectrum you're on if I see something
that looks like an illusion and that
people are acting on the illusion I call
it out I believe that um people's
feelings about transgender are primarily
bigotry primarily bigotry which they
have rationalized into something about
fairness and reason Etc but that since
Sports is not fair by
Design those comments about
fairness are really just
rationalizations
um here somebody says wrong ball
handling is not equated with
height
um that's the sort of
rationalization that I've been watching
it's never fun watching a dominant
athlete beat the hell and of aess one um
I
disagree and I think you will disagree
if I you you'll realize that when I give
you an example if you watch Stephen
Curry the best guard who ever played
some might say maybe it's Michael Jordan
but if you watch uh him on a fast break
against a second string player on the
other team who's 7 feet tall
and you see him overcome that lesser
player and that that player's advantage
and make him look like he doesn't
blowing on the basketball court that's
fun to watch that's really fun to watch
so watching a top player humiliate a
lesser player is really fun um in fact
there's
there's there are lots of uh highlight
Clips which are just that the better
player absolutely humiliating a lesser
player if it is completely unab balance
women will not play why would they
that's correct yeah the the free
market should take care of MMA and
boxing so people like to argue that in
their in their attempt to rationalize
their bigotry this is just my
speculation I'm not mind reading um
speculating that people trying to
rationalize their bigotry against
transgender athletes are bringing up the
extreme case which is boxing and
MMA in which the advantage of the
transgender athlete would be not only a
lot but there would be an actual safety
concern like a real safety concern to
which I say who cares about safety in
boxing and
MMA people don't watch those Sports to
watch somebody not get hurt you watch
them to watch somebody get hurt so from
the perspective of the uh of the
spectators somebody getting hurt is sort
of why you watch right but from the spe
from the perspective of the athletes who
would have to compete against let's say
a transgender man who was six foot no
let's say it that's the wrong term a
transgender athlete who was born a man
but is now a woman and let's say is 6'6
and ripped and you're you're a female
competitor in the MMA and you're in good
shape but you know you could actually
literally be killed like this would be
such a
mismatch why would you fight you just
wouldn't fight and if you did you'd be
dumb so if you had somebody uh in that
situation a transgender athlete who
clearly should not be in the same cage
with a female athlete a biologically
born female athlete um both of them are
women so the the the rules would say
it's okay but in the real sense that
person would just forfeit or not not
accept the the match and if they did
accept they would know that they would
get killed and if they want to do that
for a Payday it's a free world
apparently that's legal and they can do
it so
yeah and then and then the other
rationalizations people say is but Scott
if we use your standard you might as
well just say there's no such thing as
women's teams and men's teams to which I
say nobody's arguing for
that that's an interesting question but
in the real world there's literally
nobody who says we should have only one
team and not men or women teams since
nobody wants it let's just not talk
about it
um and then people say but why you know
was wouldn't your wouldn't your thinking
allow uh people to use um illegal
chemistry you know to to get an
advantage and to which I say that's the
current situation the current situation
is
people use all kinds of steroids and
stuff to get advantages in sports you
everything from high school to
professional sports is the current
situation
um it's just not
legal um it's not about
fairness a man has a financial
incentive correct so the way capitalism
works is that whenever you have a
temporary dislocation another in other
words something gets out of whack
capitalism will fix it over time so I do
accept
that having allowing transgender
athletes to join
teams could create some situations in
which nobody wants to play that team the
most common situation I would imagine is
that a team has one transgender athlete
at most because you know there just
aren't that many in the world they might
have one that person might make the
starting team they might win some extra
games no big deal
no big deal the the thought that men men
will massively become transgender
because they can dominate women's sports
might actually happen but as soon as
that happened those SP Sports would fall
apart in other words the transgender
athletes who were trying to take
advantage of the system would make the
sport go away so they you know they're
in the end it would just become
ridiculous and nobody would watch it and
nobody would pay pay them to be on the
team and nobody would compete against
them and it would just fall
apart but it would take a
while people get banned for using
steroids but probably not your top
athletes in in all likelihood the top
athletes are getting a free pass if you
don't believe me look at the muscle
development of the top athletes
somebody says so do away with the rules
so that's when you know you're in
complete cognitive dissonance if you
listen to everything I said and you say
to me so Scott are you saying you might
as well do away with all the
rules that is so far away from anything
that anybody is wants to do that that's
an indication you're having cognitive
dissonance you're you're not even part
of the rational conversation
anymore um
then some of you trying to go science on
me and saying there's no such thing as a
transgender uh to which I say legally
there
is if if the law says that you're female
under a certain set of
conditions that's the
law all
right uh guys don't get satisfied by
dominating a women's league uh most guys
don't I would say it's I would say it's
a problem that is possible you know all
you would massively have male athletes
turning into uh becoming transgender
when they wouldn't have otherwise just
to win at sports it's
possible I don't think it's a big
problem but gender is a rule and you're
suggesting doing away with it all right
so somebody said this gender is a rule
and I'm suggesting doing away with it no
I'm suggesting playing by the rules the
rule is that if you're
transgender you're a woman and therefore
you can play on the woman's team I'm
saying follow the
rules so if you're saying why don't you
get rid of all the rules that's the
opposite of what I'm saying I'm saying
follow the rules
average male golfers yes it's true that
if somebody wanted to pretend to be
transgender to win money they could do
that in a temporary situation until it
ruined the sport so you're absolutely
right that one of the
risks is that one of the risks is that
there might be some man somewhere who
wants to pretend he's transgender to try
to win a sporting event that will
definitely happen it will definitely
happen it's not the biggest problem in
the
world so let me be let me be clear I'm
not saying that allowing
transgender uh athletes to compete on
women's teams I'm not saying that that's
without
problems I'm not saying it wouldn't
cause people to be unhappy I'm not
saying there wouldn't be you know any
other type of problem there definitely
would cause problems if would cause
people to be unhappy it would cause some
people to not watch it might have a
financial effect it would cause some
people who could have made the team to
not make the team it has all kinds of
problems of that nature you know what
else had all those
problems integrating the
military so you want to check your
thinking and
say you know just because there are
these problems which you can identify is
that the reason the bigotry is
okay you know you can there are there
are reasons for every kind of bigotry we
just as a society collectively agree
that they're not good enough let me give
you a reason for racism all right here's
a
reason um I don't want to let's not make
it about me let's say somebody says they
don't want to um hire a black employee
to have a a a public facing image
because they believe that their
customers are
racists right wouldn't that be a
perfectly legitimate business reason to
be a racist because you're saying well
I'm just doing this for business my
customers are racist not me so if I have
a black employee I'll lose my
customers that's a perfectly good reason
isn't it and it's one that we
collectively as a society have chosen to
accept because bigotry is a bigger
problem so bigotry is this big the
problems you mention are this big but
they're not zero nobody nobody is
arguing that you wouldn't have abuse
with transgenders you know somebody
gaming the system nobody is saying that
somebody doesn't lose their spot on the
team nobody is saying that all the women
will love it on day one nobody is saying
that that the the uh the viewership
would be the same nobody saying the
economics would be the same nobody
saying that it would be trouble-free the
only argument
is bigotry is a bigger problem all
right that's all for now and I will talk
to you tomorrow