everybody come on in gather around we're
gonna be talking live to hawk Newsom he
was actually marching even right now as
part of the agave agave lunch all right
we're good we're gonna as soon as I get
to a thousand I'm almost there
we're gonna start talking and hey come
on in everybody
all right let's start up so I'm here
with Hogg Newsom and they're live
marching right now as part of the agape
Marsh its hashtag agape
and what exactly March walk
tell them tell the listeners what that's
all about
well agape love is something that dr.
King preached on a lot it was one of his
core tenant and it was talking about
this on the sacrificial laws that it's
it's like this extreme dedication to
your fellow man and woman so what we're
trying to do with this March is we're
trying to resonate that in people like
this this this this feeling of love that
will allow them to stand up and say hey
you know what I'm against racism ah a
lot of people have asked me for
solutions in the past so this March is
about presenting solutions right now
this March is not associated with black
lives matters that correct
no no this is um even though you know I
remained the president of black lives
matter in New York and there's other
members of black lives matter who you're
here with me right now
on this March this March doesn't
necessarily
all in line with their core tenant now
now would would you say that this March
is sort of a attempted antidote to the
divisive opportunity to the country
right now yeah this March is
multi-ethnic you've got you've got
everybody and and the point of it is is
to reduce the divisive feeling is that
correct
yeah but um you and I talked at length
about finding common ground
so what we're introducing on this March
are places where American citizens can
say hey you know what these are some
ways to overcome systemic racism and as
a country we could agree on the
imbalances that we're pointing out right
and tell me a few of the the top things
of like the the food equality if people
haven't heard that term before can you
could you describe that there's there's
this phenomenon it goes on across the
country and black and brown and even
white communities that don't have a lot
of resources or have a lot of money and
they're called food deserts and in these
food deserts it's hard to find access to
healthy food and I'm sure that we can
all agree that obesity is a problem and
a lot of people say hey hawk
what about black on black crime and I
just want people to know that black on
black crime isn't the number one killer
of black people and what's really doing
the most damage to us is preventable
diseases diseases like diabetes
hypertension high cholesterol heart
disease things of that nature and if you
really want to look at the source then
you can look to the fast food and the
beverage companies who promote poison
I'm sorry who promotes hair
they're highly unhealthy foods and for
neck neighborhoods and that's what folks
have access to and there's been studies
that shown we were working with doctors
on this and when I talk about this being
a diverse coalition the number one
doctor we have on this topic is dr. Mark
Hyman he's like he's a Jewish guy who's
like the Deepak Chopra of food and what
he pointed out to me was that they run
chemical tests on how to get people
addicted to food I repeat they run
chemical they run tests to see how they
can get people addicted to food how much
sodium how much sugar to put in these
foods and their net dead they're just
terrible and these foods are on every
corner in the ghetto these foods are in
all of our schools so what we're saying
right now is let's support
let's find funding through the public or
through the government that will teach
people how to eat properly that will
also teach them how to shop for and
prepare healthy food and people say hey
well well why would we want to spend
more government money I get it
however if you spend the money now on
these programs and get people healthy
you don't have to pay medical bills
later you don't have to pay to treat
people having heart attacks or people
who are having amputations because of
diabetes you don't have to pay for their
hospital visits because they're getting
healthy
this marches these solutions are about
empowering people empowering people to
take care of themselves so that's what
we said when we talk about food equality
and we're on the highway now I'll show
you
[Applause]
so the I'm totally with you on the food
equality thing the other thing that
people don't talk about as much is that
if you don't get your health and your
fitness
right in general then how can you work
how can you get hired how can you have
the energy to do the stuff you need and
some people might have to work two jobs
you know or go to school and work to
take themselves to the next rung if you
don't get your health right you don't
have a chance so that's uh that's a
really good point because what happens
when people are unable to work they go
on Social Security and they get welfare
so I mean I'm laughing but this is a
serious problem that we can resolve that
we can resolve if we get into the
neighborhoods and do it properly right
now this March what I've created after
about nine months of thinking about it
is an organization called reach you a
nation hold on is now far from it three
words we choose I'm sorry
so with Cuba nation I might lose you if
you put on headphones I can hear you
fine we've got we got a good sound on
our side
yeah so it's a rejuve space space
information yeah and the Hat tag is just
one word it's reach you spelled out our
each eight you ve a nation in eighteen I
hoping right now one of the things I
want
one of the things I've always liked
about your activism is that you're
looking for ways to come together not
ways to to make things worse
that that's always been your kind of
your trademark I like that you're taking
this dr. Luther King kind of vibe taking
it to the street and now the the marker
on the agape March
that's a multi-city thing and you're
accommodating in Washington New York New
Jersey but New Jersey is like you know
[Laughter]
but we're boycotting football so I
haven't been I'm try to fight it I'm
sorry you know I'm on I'm traded in the
word fight for the word mission right
now we're on a mission to heal not only
our country but to heal our communities
like rejuvenation is launching in the
projects of the South Bronx and when we
talk about health and food deserts the
Bronx is the unhealthiest County in New
York State and it's been that way for 10
15 years politicians haven't been able
to figure it out so we're going to
figure it out ourselves ok how much of
it do you think is education in terms of
the the people themselves do they need
to know how to eat better or is it
really a case of providing the food
because they wouldn't have any options
even if they knew what they eat it's
both education velopment
I'm glad that you started talking about
education because part of rejuvenation
part of these solutions will walk
marching with is that we are holding
financial literacy classes in more
communities like you have to understand
homeowners professional people people
who own businesses name no money they
have a working knowledge of money and
they know a little bit more than the
average poor person that's why they may
be doing better but the conversations
and it might it might end a table or a
lot of people's dinner table they're not
about money and the way the thing in a
healthy way our conversations about
money is you know we're stressing over
it there's no stress little money but
we're really stressing over the money
and we need to start teaching people how
to make money we need to start talking
about trades I know a lot of people say
hey this robot revolution is malarkey
actually it's not so what I'm what I
want to teach people in our community
our trades so when this thing these
things do happen
when robots are taking over their jobs
they'll know what directions to go into
entrepreneurship classes having business
people come in and teach people how to
create businesses how to run businesses
teaching them management skills right
now what we're asking for is actually
we're trying to take we're asking for
government funding but in addition to
that we want to give people a safe way
to help out we're organizing you know
we've been working on this for a long
time with people are not networked and
we're really out here excited to help
get on their feet rejuvenation think
about the principle of the words we're
trying to bring light back to the
deflated people so so at
did you if you have a chance to look at
there's some kind of new legislation
about teaching trades the administration
just passed some kind of the bill I
haven't really looked into it yet he
looked into that at all I don't I don't
know if the new legislation is enough
for the right kind but it was I believe
it was designed for this this very thing
so I'm gonna educate myself on that a
little bit yeah
well that looks very healthy at least
you're giving your fitness there so if
people wanted to contribute it where
would they go a way to do that I just
want to show you student this is Mario
Mario Mario is a teacher and we started
as old school in the South Bronx based
on the principles we teach so what we
have here is some fruits and nuts and a
lot of protein and what we're doing is
we are giving these homeless people on
the March wow that's great
yeah so so if people go to agape March
com there'll be a lake there where they
can donate
there'll be a link on your website were
there yeah it'll say donate we take out
donations through PayPal you got to
understand that this thing came about in
the last eight days the reason why we're
going to DC is because Jason Kessler and
the camp the KKK and those white
supremacist who actually killed someone
and who actually kill someone in
Charlottesville last year they have a
permit to hold a rally that's based in
hate in front of the White House and
what we want to do is we are holding a
rally in Washington DC on August 12th in
front of the Martin Luther King Monument
because what we want to say is I love is
stronger than their hate and we're
asking anyone and everyone who has love
in their hearts to turn that love into
action and come out there that day and
hear these solutions and show their
support one for me to take a stand to
take a stand against a terrorist
organization who have been operating on
US soil for over 200 years
yeah you're talking about the KKK in
particular today yes yeah now I think
everybody look watching this is who's
gonna agree with you on that you know
it's I'm gonna gonna cue you up to say
something that would be very popular
with the listeners here can you hear me
oh so I want to queue you up to ask you
for a clarification that I know the
people watching this are gonna ask for
when you say an end to racism you really
mean racism against anybody from any
source right you're not limiting about
our you know
[Applause]
last year I saw signs that said killed
Muslims kill Jews do not I mean people
with us were called lovers and
they killed a white woman last year last
year was a white woman that was killed
okay so these people really have hate in
their heart we're talking about
neo-nazis as well
like these people who really take groups
and they were walking around
Charlottesville last year and let me
tell you they had Trump signs so right
now a large portion of the public
believe and this is this is the God's
honest truth believe that Trump
supporters support these groups
wholeheartedly now let me stop you right
there what what do you believe what what
do you believe do you believe Trump
supporters support the tiki torch people
know some of them do and it sounded to a
line in the sand okay I have people that
I went to law school with that were
pretty liberal that voted for Donald
Trump and it to be perfectly honest they
were shocking to me
but and you know they they gave me their
own they gave me their perspectives and
it is what it is but the bottom line is
I consider myself enlightened the
majority of folks who see what's
happening in this country believe that
most the high majority Oh Donald Trump
supporters our races they don't like
blacks they don't like Mellon immigrants
they don't like Q's and I think the ones
day that then don't feel that way need
to come together and work on solutions
and work on solutions one of the reason
why there's three of us
marking the whole way committed to this
whole entire journey is because we saw
hate firsthand we were in showers bill
last year on the front lines okay
rocks wine bottles there are guns out
there was tear gas pepper spray we saw
that and we understand that open
confrontation and the hand combat it's
not what's going to fix racism in this
country you know now I won't tell you
that I'm completely nonviolent because
if someone shakes a hornet's nest
they'll get stomped but when we're
talking about solutions to these
problems it has to be done to a place of
love to a place of unselfishness like
thing you know what ah my relatives may
never be choked to death by a police
officer but I know that's wrong and
here's how we can fix it one of the
solutions that we're marching with is
something that you and I have discussed
previously and that would be to
prosecute in jail police officers there
falsify reports where there is a valid
claim
hold on Holcomb I'm watching the
comments I'm watching the comments and
they're asking you I'm watching the
comments can you hear me yes I'm
watching the comments coming in and
they're asking for a clarification
because I think they're some people
think that you believe a majority of
Trump supporters are racists and that's
exactly not what you said right now now
they're down there large number this are
racist there are large number that are
races that have expressed racist views
and this is a reality that a lot of us
know and now is not the time for
sensitivity now is the time for realism
okay okay let's be let's be real about
this they're dead there are people out
there who feel that way let's not act
like it's a secret
however if you want to help if you want
to get involved and personally put some
skin in the game set in racism then get
active so it acted so so let me give you
some some persuasion advice it would be
great it would be very useful if you
could could note that there are people
on in both parties who are racists and
way too many of them okay here's the
thing right here's the thing I'm gonna
tell you something that I learned
because I played basketball in school in
Texas there are two different types of
races is a northern racist and the
southern racism and here's why I
appreciate the southern racism is
because in Louisiana in Texas they'll
call you to your face right in
New York City they'll smile and be your
friend and then go home and call you
 behind your back I appreciate
people who say you know what I am a
racist let me know where you stand don't
hide it from me don't hide it from me so
when you look at your looking I'm
stepping in I'm stepping out on thin ice
right there right there are a lot of
Republican policies that if you get
inside black these are the facts right
however you have the Democrats who run
around like hey I'm your friend you know
they show up to the concert they dance
with us they act like they love us
however they're not helping us our
brother an enemy that I know as an enemy
then someone who's pretending to be my
friend it's not helping me you know
that's just the reality of it so me my
actions are bipartisan right as far as
I'm concerned it's the people against
the government
I'm sorry I think I think the government
is controlled by special interest and I
think both parties cater to them and I
think we as a people need to take back
control of America and make it what we
want it to be now with you know I I have
a realization recently that you said
earlier that the government's policies
are racist and I had a realization that
every policy that affects a lot of
people is racist one way or the other
there's no way not to do that simply
because the ethnicities occupy different
parts and you know in terms of the
average anything you do whether it's a
tax change it's gonna affect people
differently because it's pretty much I'm
not sure well they're biased in both
directions wouldn't you say well keeping
keep in mind hawk that I I've personally
lost two jobs because I was like yeah
when I worked for a bank the bank got
caught for not having enough diversity
in management and my boss actually
called me in it was it was a woman and
said that she apologized but management
said that I could never get promoted
because I was a white male and so I quit
the bank and by the way they were very
honest they said we're gonna tell it to
you straight
I can't promote a white male so I left
and went to work for the phone company
and I got in the
it's been tracked and that it looked
like I was having for the topic and one
day my boss called me in and said we got
caught not having any diversity in the
senior management so until further
notice
we can't promote you and they said it
they said it in straight language no no
no equivocation and that's that's when I
decided to become a cartoonist now when
I became a cartoonist things went really
well and I started well but so I so then
I started a Dilbert TV show it was on
the UPN network that doesn't exist and
we got canceled in the second season
because the network decided to change
their programming to be primarily an
african-american channel now that
doesn't that didn't work out for them
but I've had three careers that were
explicitly ended because of my ethnicity
so let let me tell you how what that
does to you
now it's also true that I have the
advantages of being white in other ways
and advantages of being male and I tried
to take advantage of those as much as I
could but when it comes to racism
I say everybody who discriminates
and I don't care which direction it's
coming from because I get it because
I've been on the receiving side and it
sucks more than just about anything I'm
not here now I'm not going to say that
I'm certainly not going to say my
situation compares if somebody usual say
in an urban situation and you know
there's a lot of a lot of other problems
going on but it is a fact nonetheless
that there are plenty of people in like
in my situation who have experienced it
usually from the fortune 500
that doesn't really come from small
business but the the fortune 500 sure is
very biased against white males and I've
also been and I've also been in the room
when we were making
hiring decisions and we would explicitly
say let's not hire a white now yeah I
think it's terrible that those
experiences made you stronger but what
the way that I see this right is when
that happens this and hey listen it's
too many white people here right so
let's make space for minorities when
companies talk about diversification
they're talking about allowing blacks
grounds and women into these spaces so
they can occupy these positions and in
no way are they saying let's make them a
majority you know if you look at
high-level management these CEOs of
these companies these corporations you
look at you know the executives the
numbers are so disproportionate to the
population of the country so when when
when when and I'm just speaking from
that what I do is I speak from my heart
they're saying hey there's too many
white people here let's make some space
for black people right let's give them
some access and you know I really don't
talk about equality like oh I want
equality I want everything to be equal
in America no it's just some people that
act more access than others so let's
talk about that for a moment I I think
that what you and I are doing right now
is incredibly productive and and one of
the things that you can do that other
people can do let's say other
african-american men is that you have
access to me and I have access to other
people so in terms of networking you're
way ahead of the game because you've
made the smart choice to open up your
your network to anybody who's anybody
that makes sense I've often thought
there's some kind of a mentoring
connection network would be a huge step
in the right direction I mean because
because it's a country where who you
know seems to make the most difference
so if you if you're in the small group
that doesn't talk to the big group you
can never get the advantages that the
big group has unless you explicitly make
that a connection and then those people
can say oh I know somebody for this job
I know him personally yeah see okay
there was just studies right big big
they came out a few years back when I
was when I was at a law firm a huge
insurance defense law firm and what they
talked about was what they talked about
was what they talked about what they
talked about was the amount of black
associates they go to dinners and share
meals with the partners and it was some
ridiculous numbers like you know they
don't go out they don't eat with each
other they don't spend time with each
other huh
but and that was um you know that was
suppose that was problematic I think
there are a large number of African
American men who have these
relationships but what I'm focused on
and I can't speak for what everyone else
is doing what I'm focused on is building
a bridge between me between my community
communities like the South Bronx and
pravesh communities in my network right
so if you and I were to say let's build
this bridge unless say kids from the
cross
with executive mentors pour from
different you know socioeconomic
backgrounds and we could create this
this exchange there are a lot of
programs out there like that but there's
always room for more and I've made it my
purpose to bring all of my connections
back to you know to the struggle just to
helping people and we really need to
understand it the day that we stop
arresting blacks of disproportionate
rates you know this is something that
the current administration is addressing
mass incarceration this is real this
isn't the boogeyman anymore right all
right everybody's talking about that
okay today we start helping me helping
black and brown people become more
productive is the gay America goes to a
whole new level now at the moment the
economy is just screaming and you know
the administration has said explicitly
if we don't put you know black brown
people women you know it's less a
problem for women I think but if we
don't put everybody to work including
people who've been incarcerated we just
can't get the work done so it's so it's
a good place to be right now let's let's
let's wrap this up because you don't
want to go too long here what what what
else would you like to say that increase
in hate crimes because of this dis
divide because of the political climate
and what I'm asking y'all to do is to
help me here
America help me put it in to systemic
racism you address what systemic racism
is and I'll give it you it and it really
in a really simple way it's unfair its
unfairness it's unfair toward black
people and we've come up with some
solutions if we're working to implement
I'd say get on board and try and find
your way down to the sea on August 12 so
that we can show these white
supremacists
what America really is not what they're
trying to make it or not what it used to
be so I'll tell you a hawk for what it's
worth I don't know anybody Republican or
anybody else who doesn't think that the
the white supremacists are just a joke
so what it's worth the the vast vast
vast majority of some supporters I can
pretty much guarantee you would like
those guys just to go away but what
losers out here a little bit you still
hear me okay
so the website is agape March calm and
anybody wants to jump in and help to
heal the racial divide keep in mind you
don't need to agree with everything all
right we're looking for the places that
we do agree and try to work from there
so so don't get lost and I agree with
every point think about productive
productive conversation and then we'll
see where we can get them there
would you you'd like to it's making
closing statement ah yes please follow
us on Twitter and if you believe in the
message promote it like Scott said you
won't agree with everything I'm saying
nobody agrees there they were saying not
even black people but if you believe in
certain elements you know that that's
where we can work together and I think
that it's time
that America really stood up and said
it's time to end racism spent five
hundred years and I understand that some
of you understand that if some of you
feel like hate it's gotten better a lot
of us don't feel that way a large number
of us don't feel that way
so listen with the empathetic here we
will tell me that this won't work right
people tell me that halt you need to be
like Malcolm X and I say like I say that
I am like Malcolm X after that he came
back from Mecca when he started talking
about inclusion in aligning people so
fight alongside them from whatever
colors whatever background it was about
inclusion and uniting to end racism and
I mean you looked at dr. King you think
about that march on Washington and you
look at the people behind them some of
those people had on coupies some of them
had on yarmulkes and it was a variation
of skin hues so uh let's stand together
and say that there's no place in America
for hate all right that's a that's a
perfect way to close this out thanks for
joining and I'll be talking more about
this as you as you March and I'll catch
up with you later okay great all right
bye-bye
all right it's just me so I was I was
monitoring the comments as we went there
so lots of pushback which is good
because you remember the the point of
this is constructive conversation so
you're not not asking you to agree with
everything don't need to agree with them
don't need to agree with me but let's
see if we can move the conversation to a
better place
I'm trying to help out I hope I could
make some small difference and
we'll see if we can go from there all
right I'll talk to you later