but a boo pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom well that's the theme song and
you know it comes after the theme song
don't you you do you know what's coming
I call it a little thing called the
simultaneous sip now if you were
prepared or lucky you have your beverage
with you and it's time for the
simultaneous ed extra good today I don't
know why why is it extra good is it
because North Korea is starting to talk
nice is it because it's a sunny day at
least in California it's all of those
things but today I'm going to give you a
persuasion lesson I'm going to wrap it
around the issue of how to avoid getting
your ass kicked by the police now the
bigger picture is I'm going to teach you
a number of techniques these are things
you've seen before but I'm going to
bring them together into one useful
presentation but it might also keep
somebody from getting their ass kicked
by the police now after I tweeted that I
was going to talk about this topic or
that I might folks retweeted to me that
this idea has already been done by Chris
Rock and so I looked at a YouTube video
of Chris Rock who did a very funny I
recommend it it's very funny send-up of
people doing the wrong things during a
traffic stop and then getting their ass
kicked by police so Chris rocks take on
it was both hilarious and weirdly useful
because it was just saying don't do
stuff like disobey the police don't run
don't don't resist arrest don't have a
crazy friend with you in the car who
can't shut up so it was hilarious and
useful but I'm going to take it to
another level I'm going to take it to
the subtle level where the the person
who gets their ass beat
is not doing terrible things but they're
doing things that are suboptimal things
that get them in trouble now I'm going
to use the Sterling brown example if you
haven't seen the police cam video of a
police officer stopping NBA star
sterling Brown for a parking violation
and then it turns into he gets tased I
want to break that down a little bit you
don't need to watch it while we're doing
this if you've seen it before it would
help if you watch it after it would help
more but I'll tell you the important
parts so the setup here is that so
sterling Brown and it matters what he
looks like for this story all right so
the physicality of the people involved
does matter for persuasion so he's a six
foot six
23 year old african-american male with I
think he had his hood up initially and
he had a high end sports car or not a
sports car but a high end car and I
believe that the initial problem was
that he he parked across either one or
two handicapped zones to walk into a
convenience store I think and he was
only going to be there for a minute and
comes out when he comes out a police
officer you know is there and already
the police officer has an attitude now
the first thing I want to tell you is
that I just watched a a police training
expert look at the the video and even
the police expert said this police
officer made mistakes that did lead to
the tasing that was also my take when I
watched it I thought whoa this police
officer rolled up with an attitude
if you roll up with an attitude you
influence the other person toward your
attitude this is a universal truth and
you should learn this
people don't independently have feelings
sometimes they do if they're just
sitting in the room thinking about
something they can have an independent
feeling but most of our feelings are
somewhat viral I can make you feel
differently by changing my
feeling I can directly influence your
reaction by what my emotional state is
because people pick up on other people's
emotional state so this cop had an
attitude and rolled up with an attitude
the moment he expressed his attitude
what did twenty-three-year-old remember
this is very young
23 year old you know some people say
your brain isn't even done until you're
25 right or at least fully formed he
wrote so the police officer rolls up
with an attitude all right police
officer should not have had the attitude
he created a situation in which the
person he was talking to would absorb
some of the attitude and maybe reflect
it back which is exactly what happened
now let's back up one level sterling
Brown did a very small infraction if
you're looking at you know the history
of the world he parked across the either
one or two handicapped zones in a place
where there was plenty of space and he
was just there for a minute
he probably just didn't want his car to
be dinged or it was just convenient it
was a little careless it was thoughtless
but as crimes go tiny tiny little
traffic infraction but what did he do
seriously wrong on a persuasion level
like really really wrong he parked
across handicap parking with a high end
car what are the odds that when this
police officer rolled up that the police
officer himself either has a family
member who needs handicap parking or
know somebody or cares about people who
have disabilities so even though the
crime itself is a tiny tiny tiny
you're practically insignificant the
emotional feeling that it triggers in
anybody who sees you do it with a high
end car because that's what makes it
worse it's the high end car right
uh-huh that is gonna trigger people all
right so sterling Brown terrible mistake
on the persuasion level he did something
that is almost guaranteed to cause an
emotional irrational reaction even in a
trained police officer big mistake
okay small crime big mistake
so you starts talking to him and guess
the first thing that the police officer
asked him to do was to back up a little
bit because the guy sterling is six foot
six I don't know how big the cop is
probably much much less big not only is
sterling Brown six six but he's a
world-class athlete and he's 23 right
you could even forget about you know
forget about the african-american part
and whatever bias that might bring with
it for the police officer we don't even
have to know if there is any right just
being sick 623 and and strapped you know
like just a big athletic guy puts the
police officer immediately on the
defensive because there's a physical
potential for danger just by the size so
a police officer asked him to back up
and he backs up like an inch or three
inches or something and then that
becomes a thing so so immediately the
sterling starts cooperating but not
fully and at one point you didn't take
it you wouldn't take his hands out of
his pockets and that was the part that
got him taken to the ground and and
ultimately tased so he didn't back up he
argued with the the police officer he
did not ever agree with the police
officer about the infraction being
something that mattered he kept playing
it off like I was just going to be there
for a minute
complete mistake the first thing you do
is you agree with the police officer
even if he's wrong yeah you show respect
you be so I'll give you I'll give you
the the fuller solution in a moment so
this was a case with two people doing
every
wrong right so if you're trying to
figure out who was wrong I've watched
the tape several times and I agree with
the police training expert who says the
cop definitely rolled up with the wrong
attitude and and certainly created a
situation is more dangerous than it
needed to then the next thing that
happened was a little bit accidental but
made things much worse and this is what
happened so the police officer fairly
early on calls for backup presuming he's
just going to need you know one extra
car now I don't know if it just happened
by coincidence that there were a lot of
cars in the area but several police
officers roll up now if you're a police
officer and you roll up and there
there's only one other person there
talking to one person it looks peaceful
you say to yourself I don't have much to
do I'm just sort of the backup guy in
case things go down wrong but if you're
the third car there and you see all of
this police presence
what are you persuaded to think suddenly
this thing that was sort of a nothing
looks to you like it's a big deal simply
because there were so many police cars
there so everybody takes what was the
small deal and in their mind they
inflate it up just because there's so
many cops there so many guns so many
people so much testosterone and so
everything about this situation led to
exactly what happened everybody did the
wrong thing right the the extra police
officers who rolled up you know the last
two cars could have turned around and
done something else once they check to
see the things were under control I'm
not sure that that makes sense police
wise but the point is that that big
police presence caused people's minds to
think there's a big problem when there
wasn't not yet anyway all right so I
promised you that I would tell you one
sentence that would keep people from
being having their ass kicked by the
police and here's the important part
even if the police officer is not doing
his or her job correctly
now I want to talk to you about what I
call loser think there are a set of
beliefs that people have that cause them
to think in a way that just is very
unproductive I saw one of them on
Twitter just moments ago I saw a
journalist criticizing Elon Musk who had
talked about maybe creating the website
to check the credibility of journalists
and the journalist was pushing back and
saying have you spent any time in a
newsroom and then the journalist made
this point he said we read the exact
quote he said Elon I'm asking you a
question when was the last time you were
in a newsroom with a reporter who was
reporting on something other than you or
your companies just like rocky ship's
firsthand knowledge is critical in
knowing how to fix things so first TM
knowledge is critical and knowing how to
fix things this comes from the reporter
who has a reporter's job he's talking to
Elon frickin Musk who is world famous
for creating huge successful companies
maybe not as profitable as they should
be but successful by most of our metrics
in businesses that he didn't know
anything about he was part of PayPal
without being a banker he started an
electric car company when all the
electric car companies said they
couldn't do it he's got a boring company
that makes tunnels what the hell did he
know about tunnels he's now he's got it
he's got literally a rocket ship in
space
you know maybe going to Mars someday and
I don't think he was an expert in any of
those things so I tweeted back that this
advice that you have to have first-hand
knowledge before you you weigh in on
something that's the sort of thing that
would have prevented Steve Jobs from
creating Apple would have prevented Bill
Gates from creating Microsoft would have
created Elon Musk from doing any of his
businesses would have created me stopped
me from creating Dilbert so the number
of people who have done things in areas
which are not there their detailed
knowledge as brightly as
long and so I said maybe I would upgrade
that to thinking to say that first-hand
knowledge can be doesn't always have to
be but first-hand knowledge can be a
mental prison look at many times the
people who have the detailed knowledge
can't see a way out because the detailed
knowledge does form a little bit of a
little bit of a prison the person who
doesn't know anything doesn't have that
prison here's the best example you're
ever going to get the founder of uber
once talked to him and said how did you
know that you could create Oberer when
everybody else thought that was
impossible because the law didn't allow
it you know the law gave special rights
to cab taxi cab owners and you can't
just start your own taxi service just
because you ought to the law doesn't
allow it how did you know that this
impossible barrier that the company
you're starting is illegal how did you
know you could get past that and you
know what he said to me we didn't know
that right they didn't know it was
illegal
uber didn't know that uber was illegal
when they started the company now I'm
talking about the very first days I'm
not talking about you know it must have
been very soon that they realized they
had this big problem with the law but it
didn't stop him they had already started
the company now if they had now already
started the company when they found out
that there was this legal problem would
they have started the company I don't
believe so I believe that somebody who
had detailed knowledge of the cab
business would not have started uber
because they would have known too much
see the problem they would have been in
a mental prison here's another mental
prison getting back to my main point
today about how to keep yourself from
being beat up by the police all right
just finishing up on that point one of
the things I talk about all the time is
that one of the looser think biggest
problems in the world is to think that
the source of the problem also has to be
the solution let's say you believe that
the source of police brutality is that
the police do things wrong or that
they're biased or they're the racist
let's say you believe that you don't you
don't need to say that's true for our
purposes today just let's say you
believe that if you also believe that
because the problem is the police are
doing things wrong therefore the
solution is that the police must do
something differently
that's looser think right it would be
great if the police did something
differently and that fixed the problem
that's my first choice I would love the
people who cause problems to also be the
people who fix them but that's a looser
perspective all right it's a looser
perspective you fix problems you can fix
period doesn't matter who caused them
all right you fix problems you can fix
for you or for whoever you're trying to
help independent of who caused the
problem this is critical if you're
stopped by the police and the police
officer is a gigantic to you and
you say to yourself well the problem
here as this police officer is being a
gigantic to me he needs to do
something differently all right you're
gonna get your ass kicked
you're stupid you have not you have not
developed a good strategy for staying
alive all right so the first thing you
do is you say what can I do to use
persuasion to keep myself safe even if
the police officers not doing the right
stuff that's how to look at this that's
the winner perspective winner
perspective is what can I do how can I
control the situation I don't care if
other people are doing stuff wrong what
can I do to make this good
and I'm going to teach you one
persuasive method they uses a whole crap
ton of persuasion technique in seven
words yeah seven words why did I choose
seven words you ask yourself Kanye West
I'll talk about this in a moment
do you remember when Kanye did the tweet
that just broke the world and I believe
that was I liked the way Candace Owens
thinks I like the way Candace
Owens thinks seven words does that
matter does it matter that it was seven
words yeah it does yeah it does
here's why if it were longer it would be
harder to repeat harder to remember a
little less viral so nine words would
have been too long here's another trick
if you're a creative person in a lot of
different realms there is something that
people's minds prefer about odd numbers
we prefer one three five and seven over
two four six and eight why why do we
prefer that why is there some creative
preference to that don't know doesn't
matter
it's just one of those things that
people observe that people like odd
numbers if you're going to put some
trees in your backyard and you're saying
to yourself huh
should I put you know two trees here or
three the answer is three trust me three
will look better than two because we
like odd numbers our minds are just
wired that way now if Kanye had taken
his seven perfect words and reduced it
to say you know three or one or
something might not have been enough so
you need enough but not too many now why
do I look - people like Kanye for this
sort of
creative you know guidance it's freaking
Kanye West
he is bonafide you know legitimate
creative genius with words alright if
somebody who does something super viral
is also a genius in doing things like
that which is writing lyrics writing
things that people you know the things
that stick in your mind and things that
can move you if you see somebody do that
it pays to stop and say alright what's
he doing you know why is this work why
doesn't it and one of the reasons it
works is because it's just about the
right length and it's an odd number so I
actually crafted this to put it into
seven words partly as a you know sort of
a let's say let's call it a yeah
a poetic repayment maybe an homage to
Kanye's work so here's a statement that
I propose to you no one would ever get
in trouble with the police if they use
this as the first thing they say to the
police officer now you don't need to
remember the exact words you could you
could you know get there with other ways
but I'll explain to you why this is so
powerful and the sense that says how
could we stay safe today officer imagine
saying that the first thing that happens
when the officer rolls up to you now let
me tell you why that's so powerful
you're thinking to yourself that's Scott
this is kind of obvious you know doing
you know being polite to a police
officer obvious well yeah that part is
out this doing what the police officer
tells you
obvious yeah that's obvious but I'm
gonna take you to another level all
right so you're doing all the obvious
stuff being polite doing what you're
told
keeping your hands where they're shown
don't make any aggressive movements
you're doing all that stuff right but
beyond that there's a whole other level
of persuasion so here's what they are
one of the strongest levels of
persuasion is saying was somebody's
thinking
they're thinking it this works in all
kinds of realms if you know because of
the situation that somebody is probably
thinking a very specific thought and
then you call it out at the moment they
think it it's a very bonding thing so
what is the police officer thinking when
he rolls up how do I stay safe so you're
saying what the police officer is
thinking at the exact moment he's
thinking it boon in media bonding okay
now you and the police officer you just
immediately got on the same page that's
just one of the parts of persuasion
that's here that's just one all right
it's pacing and leading pacing and
leading you can influence another person
by first matching what they are doing or
carrying about until they get trust with
you and then you could start leading
them and they'll follow you because you
know we're on the same page right
controlling attention is very important
in persuasion it doesn't matter that
you've got a great argument if nobody's
paying attention to it our brains are
irrational the things we focus on the
most the things we pay attention to are
the things that become important to us
there are the things we act on focus and
attention is important what does this
sentence do it focuses you on safety
bone first-impression safety when you
when a police officer walks up to a
situation which could be dangerous and
the very first thing that comes out of
your mouth is safety Oh
focus that's the top priority and you're
both thinking about it at the same time
thinking past the sale I've talked about
this one you want you want somebody to
think past the the part you're trying to
persuade them what are you trying to
persuade them safety safety is the sale
we're going to be safe today how do you
make them think past that how do we do
it you've already decided you're going
to be safe safety is a given you've
already talked past it how do we become
safe today because it's you know how to
do it today
all right so you're making a thing past
the sale first impression in persuasion
the first impression is really hard to
to get out of somebody's head what was
the first impression that the police
officer gave that he was an that
was that was the first impression that
the police officer gave that he was
going to be a jerk now did that police
officer have a pretty good reason to be
tweaked yeah he saw a high end car in
other words somebody who's you know in a
good situation in life parking across a
handicap spot your job is to protect the
weak against you know the powerful it in
a way as a police officer and you see
this and it probably really tweaked him
all right I can imagine a lot of people
would have had exactly the same reaction
as the police officer so he didn't
manage his first impression and it cost
him right because the police officer is
not having a good day from this either
right there were no winners in this the
police officers didn't win
you know his career takes a hit too and
then what was the first impression that
sterling Brown gave back to the police
officer resistance a little bit of
resistance it was a lot wasn't really
you know terribly important but that was
the first impression one Sassin his head
hard to get it out compared to first
impression talking about safety
all right pattern persuasion the pattern
doesn't appear the first time you use it
the pattern appears if lots of people
use this imagine if you're a police
officer and you start to hear this
you know you've stopped a number of
people and let's say three or four of
them have said this and then that three
or four people who have said this you
have a totally good interaction with
them what happens the next time the
police officer hears this and they start
talking about it they go oh I'm probably
a lot safer with this person because
people who say that my pattern
recognition says thing
go well now you're probably saying to
yourself hey but what about what about
if the bad guys figure this out and then
they say that to the police officer to
you know take his suspicions down and
then they pull out their gun well I
think you should trust the police to
follow their own procedures for safety
they of course know that people hi they
know that people cheat but so they're
going to be ready they're going to have
the hand on the gun on the right
situations they're gonna have you know
enough space under the right situations
etc so trust the police to know that
there's always a risk that somebody's
tricking them but if you create this
pattern persuasion over time this this
just gets more powerful all right
let's talk about ego as a tool I've told
you that the greatest persuaders and
president Trump I put in this category
use their egos as a tool when they need
a lot of ego such as running for
president of the United States
campaigning you ramp up your ego and you
say I'm the greatest on the best time I
can do things I'm amazing it's good to
ramp up your ego in that situation but
if you're having a sensitive
conversation with kim jeong-hoon about
meeting to denuclearize the planet then
you dial back your ego a little bit you
say I'd like to be your friend you know
hope this works out all right so if you
use your ego as a tool you can say safe
if you if you believe your ego is who
you are then you get offended by things
that are going to get your ass kicked
the police officer and the case was
sterling Brown his ego I think was sort
of in play sterling Brown
I think his ego was in play we can't
read minds but if you looked at the
actions of the people you have to at
least suspect the ego was not being used
as a tool had sterling Brown used ego as
a tool instead of thinking who he was he
would have said to himself oh darn this
police officers got an attitude I better
dial back my ego stay safe he didn't do
that he didn't he probably didn't think
of it as a tool
but that's something you need to learn
the high ground I've told you that the
most powerful probably most powerful
persuasion beyond fear fear is always
the best motivator if it's enough near
but if you want to persuade somebody
take them to the high ground where even
they agree that's where you should be
having the conversation that's what
makes it work a good high ground move
makes the other person impossible to
stay where they were
right so the low ground here is you know
what did I do wrong am I going to get a
ticket you know mate maybe maybe you
know I shouldn't have done this but you
know it was only I was only in there for
a minute
that's the low ground so sterling Brown
started right off in the weeds the weeds
are he said oh I I thought I was only
going to be in the store for a minute I
came right back out weeds weeds weeds do
you ever win in the weeds no you do not
because the other person just argues
weeds he's like no you know you were
more you were there more than a minute
that could be the the least important
conversation of all time is the exact
amount of minutes he was in that store
was it one or four minutes all right
that's weeds this sentence takes you out
of the weeds Oh what is the top priority
for a police officer safety
what do both of those people want in the
situation where the police officer stops
you safety who argues with safety no one
who wants to talk about whether it was
one minute or four minutes that you were
in the store once you've taken them to
the high ground of safety nobody nobody
wants to be the idiot who's arguing in
the weeds because if you take somebody
up here the police officers going with
you every frickin time
this will never not work right you say
safety to a police officer whose job you
know their entire your being is wrapped
around this concept they're going there
they're going there immediately and
that's where you're safe all right
here's another one you become what you
say this is a well
demonstrated technique Robert Jill Dini
talks about this in his book influence I
believe there was a study in which
people were randomly asked to write a
paragraph on a political belief that was
opposite of their own belief so for
example if they were against abortion
they'd be asked to write something in
favor of abortion and then they would
check back with these people in a year
or whatever it was and they would just
say what's your opinion on these topics
and they found that the people who wrote
an opinion there was opposite of their
own opinion to a large extent many of
them had actually adopted the opinion
they wrote even though they knew when
they were writing it it was just an
experiment in which they were writing an
opinion opposite of what they believed
the point is and I think Tony Robbins
would back this up as well the things
you tell yourself you become all right
that's a very important point what you
tell yourself the way you use your words
is who you become and it happens really
quickly that's the part people don't get
the moment you start talking in a
certain way you adopt it and it happens
just right that you know in the moment
so you become what you say let's say
you're a person who's who in ordinary
situation might be a little hot-headed
and you get stopped by the police the
last thing you want is to be that guy
you don't want to be the high-handed
person we've got stopped by the place so
if the first sentence you make yourself
say just as a system you know it's like
maybe even have it written out and put
on your dashboard so you can say the
exact words you know under stress you
don't have to remember them if you start
with this the mere fact that this comes
out of your mouth puts you the person
stopped by the police into the safety
mode not because you thought about it
before you said it
but because saying it changes who you
are instantly you just put you in that
mode so once you're in that mode you're
gonna you get
make the all the little reflexive
decisions that are consistent with the
mode you just put yourself in and the
the police officer already followed you
to that mode he followed you to the high
ground right away you want to use visual
persuasion where you can were very
visual creatures so a couple things that
happened was
so when Tyrell walked up and um when
Stuart sterling walked up on the police
officer he got close and he was big six
was six police officer asked him to back
up he sterling should have known that
his size is a big visual persuasion and
he had his hoodie up I believe in the
beginning the first thing he should have
done is show his hands take his hoodie
down keep his hands out of his pockets
and keep a good distance from the police
officer that's that's the visual
persuasion next thing he should have
done is agree with the police officer
about the police officers complaint so
the police officers was said something
along the lines that you don't see
what's wrong here you don't see where
you they what you did and instead of
saying oh god you caught me this was
really rude that sterling said something
like it was just gonna be in there a
minute wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong
wrong wrong wrong is as wrong as you
could be agree with the police officer
even here's the key this is the
important part you agree with the police
officer even if you're a hundred percent
positive they're wrong that's the hard
part right and that's the part about
making your ego a tool if you say no I'm
not going to admit I'm wrong if I'm not
wrong that's not the way to play it that
you get your ass kicked
now you don't want to agree to a crime
that you didn't commit but you know
because I could guarantee you get a
ticket but you also don't want to
disagree with the police officer so
here's a way to do it you can always ask
legitimate questions as long as they're
not
questions so you could say to the police
officer in this case you could say I'm
sorry officer I you know you're totally
right to be - to come after me on this
I wasn't thinking I see how this looks
and I get it I totally get it
I I shouldn't have done this
now you might be thinking to yourself I
totally should have done this there's
there's all this parking out here even
the even the people who have
disabilities they have plenty of places
to park right next to the door I was
only here for a minute keep those
thoughts to yourself what you say to the
police officer is I agree with you sir I
agree with you now
if he accuses you let's say of doing
something you didn't do you say oh okay
I see why you would say that that's not
that's not disagreeing you say Oh what
are you're accusing me of this crime did
you see did you see a black car pulling
away from that crime scene and the
police officers yes I did
then you say was it was it my model and
the police officer says well I don't
know but I saw a black car leaving the
crime scene and here you are and he goes
oh I I could certainly see why you're
stopping me is there anything else I can
answer for you to show you that I wasn't
here see that that's not disagreeing
with the officer that's agreeing with
his observation then you ask questions
and you very gently get him to shouldn't
to make his case and you find out where
the hole is so use questions where you
can but not jerk questions you know
don't don't go with the jerk questions
but legitimate questions you know what
officer why is it that you thought it
was me and I'm wondering and then he
tells you to go oh did you think that
this was happening when you saw that you
know and so you get him to come out a
little bit you have a conversation you
bond with them a little bit you show
respect you do all those things and
with seven words you can maybe keep
yourself from getting beaten up I would
argue that if if a control group I don't
see this happening exactly but if a
control group tried doing this for a
year against another group that didn't
do this I'll bet the people who did this
for a year would have no problems with
police stops oh if somebody said did I
cut yeah I see in the comments
apparently somebody cut off a police
officer and the police officer pulled
them over and I saw in your comment that
that the way you approached it was
instead of saying here's what the
mistake would be oh I didn't cut you off
you had plenty of you had plenty of room
at war I didn't have much room so you
know I had to cut you off you know I
thought you could get out of the way
those would all be all the mistakes and
the correct answer was you saw in the
comments somebody said oh I'm sorry did
I did I cut you off and then the police
officer says yes and you say you know I
I didn't I didn't realize it was that
close I'm sorry officer and then you
have a whole different situation all
right
somebody says that Brown knows all this
he wanted a confrontation that sounds
like the mind reader hallucination my
assessment is if you've ever been 23
years old and most of you have the
assumption that a 23 year old knows as
much as you do and whatever age you are
that's that's a tough assumption my
guess is that ego was in play and he
simply was not familiar with all of the
elements of persuasion in a way that
would be useful to him I doubt I doubt
what he knew it at this level that's for
sure he absolutely knew that not
cooperating was more risk than
cooperating so he certainly knew enough
to not get in trouble but he didn't know
it at a
deeper level one assumes just because
he's 23 all right I'm just looking at
your comments here uh-huh all right was
this useful to you let me tell you the
the way you should judge this I don't
think it's likely the people will start
using a method like this and there was
somebody who wrote a few people actually
wrote on on Twitter when I said I was
going to talk about this topic they said
well this isn't complicated if you just
say yes officer you're in good shape you
know just just agree with the officer
yes officer yes officer that's pretty
good if you if you don't remember the
seven words and you can't work safety
into it which is a far more powerful
frame yes officer that's gonna get you
80% there right this will get you a
hundred percent and I wouldn't take any
chances with you know getting beaten up
so I think I'd go for a hundred percent
did I watch the Chris Rock video I did
so I mentioned that at the beginning
Chris Rock if you if you google
something like Chris Rock had it how to
avoid getting your ass kicked by the
police it is hilarious and weirdly
useful because it's just telling people
not to resist and do stupid things all
right I think we've done enough for now
and that's all for today