hey everybody join me in the theme song
for coffee with Scott Adams I think you
all know how it goes because it's
different every time but sometimes it
sounds like
this all right hello everybody is it a
great morning or is it a great morning
as mornings go this was one of the
finest mornings of all mornings now
let's hope the Muller report does not
surprise us and disappoint us when we
know the
details but so far this whole no more
indictments thing is looking good
looking good so congratulations to Don
Jr and Jared and anybody else who has
been in the special council's crossfires
and in The public's crossfires for for
two
years congratulations for your
Vindication so it seems to me that there
are a a whole lot of
hoaxes that got revealed this week hoax
number one of course is the the mull
report we'll talk about that a little
bit
more but hoax number two if you
following the Saga even Wikipedia has
now corrected unless the corrections
been changed again but it's corrected
the record that the president of the
United States never said that the
racists in Charlottesville were quote
fine people it's been reported as a fact
for two years or whatever it's been but
it never happened his quote actually
excluded that the races specifically he
called them out for total condemnation
the opposite of how it was reported so
the the Muller thing has fallen apart
and the fact that Trump praised racist
and Charlottesville fell apart both this
week what were the two most important
components of
TDS oh you're right I've somehow skipped
the simultaneous sip but we shall not
skip the simultaneous sip because it's
time to raise your glass your mug your
chalice your Stein your thermos if you
will if you've got a tankered use that
filling with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me for the simultaneous
sip is in my
imagination or is the beverage extra
good
today I'm not wrong right little extra
good huh tastes good here's a little tip
for you have you ever
noticed that if you have some uh let's
say keeping it rated G some intimate
marital
relations with your
spouse have you ever noticed that the
food you eat immediately after that is
twice as
delicious it's one of those things I
noticed when I was I was I don't know
probably in my 20s
but if if you go to dinner let's say you
go out to a nice dinner say within an
hour or so of having some fun at home
the food tastes completely different
and you should try it it doesn't taste
the same it's like well this is the best
meal I've ever had uh somebody said
extra salty all right you're you're
terrible all right here's another uh
hoax that got taken down today do you
remember the Southern Poverty Law Center
the Southern Poverty Law Center
allegedly was an organization dedicated
to finding the hate groups in this
country and Reporting on them well it
turns out that according to the New
Yorker it was just a whole big scam and
the and the top executives are resigning
or got fired or something so the
Southern Poverty Law Center which has
been the bane of the conservative world
because they've been you know
identifying conservatives as as hate
groups just got taken
apart this the
SPC was an actual hoax it was just a
scam now that's not to say that some of
the groups they identified were not
actual hate groups because they were and
it's not to uh I'm not minimizing
whatever they did against the KKK
earlier apparently that really happened
but the the modern version of the
splc according to reporting Al I'll say
that
allegedly so that I don't get sued
allegedly and according to
reporting uh it was a giant scam and the
people there were racists
oh that's the most delicious one of all
it's not going to get as much attention
this week because we're all looking at
the Muller thing
right but the
splc turns out it wasn't real at all a
total hoax maybe not total but a hoax
nonetheless now if you really want to I
know a lot of
you you're probably not proud to say
this but if you feel like I do this
week one of the things that you're
asking yourself yesterday and today and
and just tell me have you asked yourself
this how can I most
enjoy the Muller report news like what
what can I do you know what news channel
should I watch who should I talk to how
can I how can I maximize my actual
pleasure well one suggestion is I just I
tweeted around uh um was last night or
this morning an article by Matt
taibe Now look for my tweet for a
article written by Matt taibe who just
tears apart the media and what's fun
about it is that he's such a good writer
H it's a it's a longish article but
that's what makes it so enjoyable you
start reading that article and you start
feeling oh yeah oh yeah Matt oh you're
hitting it Matt you're hitting it and
then you keep reading it and you're like
Matt okay Matt whoa this is it just
keeps getting better and better like I
had to I had to give up I actually had
too much happiness I couldn't read to
the end of the article because I was
actually so happy I couldn't read
anymore it was so freaking good I me
it's really good if you just want to
enjoy the weekend and
enjoy the let's say the enjoy the Gater
level of awareness that the entire world
has just has just gone to um the way i'
put
it is that we've all raised our
awareness whatever you thought a week
ago about the reliability of the news
you don't think that anymore do you so
whatever you thought about the
reliability of the news just one week
ago Gone
Forever nobody will ever trust the news
again and that's sort of what Matt TBE
was getting at because he gives lots
more examples that you've forgotten
about or or you haven't put them in the
same story but when you see them all
collected
together it's it will change you you
read the Matt taii story if you've been
let's say you've been casually following
the Mueller stuff if you're a casual
follower of the news and you read Matt
T's article you will be changed you will
never be able to see the world the same
way again it's actually that powerful
all
right uh the
[Laughter]
president oh this this day couldn't be
better so the president everybody's
wondering where is the Tweeter and
chief the the most prolific provocative
provocative tweeter of all time just
gets the second biggest win of all time
all right winning the election was the
biggest win he could possibly
have but the Mueller no indictment part
you know there still could be some bad
stuff in there but the the no indictment
part is about as big a victory as any
president ever had in a in a domestic
political context so what does the the
most prolific provocative Tweeter and
chief do when he has the biggest win of
presidents ever had while already in
office well not get let's say winning
world wars and stuff
but he goes the other
direction he goes silent now some of the
silence now he did tweet today we'll get
to that but some of the silence until
this
morning may have been just his lawyer
saying you know let's make sure we see
what's in this thing before you get too
cocky so it could be that there might be
a little bit of bad news in there and he
doesn't want to Crow too much about it
because then it will look like he's
crowing about things but then there's a
little bit of bad news in there and they
go well you got ahead of yourself you
you crowed too early or or you said
Mission you said mission accomplished
too early so there's a
risk on the celebration side right so
the president would have would be
putting himself at risk if he celebrated
a little too
early but how can he ignore it he can't
ignore such seemingly good news just
because we're not 100% sure that it's
going to end up in a unambiguously
positive way for him so what is the
smartest thing you could do if you were
an experienced television personality
you knew brand branding you knew
promotion you knew the business model of
the press you knew the Public's feeling
you knew the anticipation coming to this
moment you knew it was the biggest the
biggest moment in political history
lately right I mean not forever but
lately it's just one of the biggest
deals the whole world was waiting for
this thing so what do you do if you're
the showman and
chief
nothing
nothing I can't tell you how perfect
doing nothing was
because remember what is the what is the
other thing people say about this
president what is the other hoax well
there's so many of them I I better
narrow it down for you the other hoax
is can't control
himself I have to stand up I just have
to stand up to say this the other hoax
that we've been hearing for two years
can't control his
mouth
impulsive can't control his
[Laughter]
tweets you the uh the pure
beauty of that decision to not tweet for
24 hours and then when he does tweet he
says good morning have a great
day I don't know how you rank these
things right cuz you know it's easy to
get impressed about something that
happened today but maybe it's not the
best tweet of all time so I won't say
that the Tweet is the best of all time
but the way he handled this
tweeting
legendary all right now it could be it's
just a legal strategy he doesn't want to
get ahead of himself so it it might not
be as impressive as I'm hoping it is but
what I hope is that think that he thinks
he scored a complete Victory and he knew
that the best way to play it was to stay
silent for the first time ever now if
that's what he did and we don't know
right I mean it could be other factors
but if he did it for the
show oh my
God oh my God
it's just brilliant all right if if he
did it for that reason now if he did it
for other reasons who knows we'll find
out
later but just the
potential to me the potential that he
did this just to be a showman is so
delicious it's you'll never be this
entertained by another president it's
just not going to happen all right uh
apparently Rachel maddow's uh reaction
to the Muller report is quote this is
the start of something apparently not
the end of
something well okay see how that goes um
I told you that the Muller report
probably wouldn't change more than uh I
said 10 basis points in other words if
if 50% of the world is you know believes
that Trump was a Russian puppet that the
50% will not change by more than going
from 50 to 40 so about 10 10 points
there uh there's a
Fox Fox News poll and they ask people uh
what are the odds that they will change
their opinion based on the Muller report
all right
41% 41% said there's no way that the
Muller report will change their opinion
no matter what's in
there now those people are weirdly
self-aware
they're weirdly they're weirdly
self-aware
that that that data doesn't change their
opinions you know in a weird way in a
weird way I respect people who say yeah
if all the data changes I'm not even
going to change my opinion if you're
willing to actually say that out loud I
at least appreciate your honesty all
right now there's something wrong with
your brain that's a separate question
but the honesty I like it uh but
apparently so 41% said the Muller report
no matter what it is isn't going to
change their opinion of the president
29% say there's a small chance so you've
got uh what 70 70% of people say there's
almost no chance that the Muller report
changes their
opinion uh but 7% say there's a strong
chance so remember I said sub 10% so 7%
say yeah there's a strong chance that
this will change my opinion of things
just about what I thought now what
happens if 7% of the public goes from
anti-trump to well maybe I maybe I've
overreacted if 7% of the
country really does move from I got a
real problem with this president to gosh
the news may be exaggerating what's
wrong with this
President where is the slaughter
meter let let me reintroduce for anybody
who doesn't know the concept I've
introduced the idea of the slaughter
meter the slaughter meter is what will
happen in 2020 presidential election if
none of the variables change from where
they are right now in other words if
just you straight line the trend now of
course that can never happen because
it'll be lots of surprises and dips and
you know there'll be uh Hills and
Valleys but it's fun to do so here's the
thing if you had the election today you
I think people are saying Bernie will
win or Biden will win or something but
that's not what we're saying we're
saying if all the variables stayed the
same and then you just project down to
what that would look like in
2020 it would be a
Slaughter the president would win one of
the biggest you know electoral uh
College victories of of recent
history so the slaughter meter is pinned
at 100% chance of Slaughter now that's
not a
prediction because the prediction is lot
is going to change and so the slaughter
meter will go up and down between now
and 2020 it's just where it is today all
right here's another
uh here's another hoax that got killed
today you just don't know it
yet um you know that I've Been Looking
Into Climate science trying to figure
out what's true and what isn't now I'm
still on the fence as to whether or not
there's a major problem or not a major
problem because my main conclusion is
both sides are lying about a
lot one of the sides presumably is not
lying about everything but it's very
obvious once you start digging into it
that both the Skeptics are most if not
all of them are lying well or or or
wrong but the uh the climate scientists
even if everything that they say is
true even if everything they say is true
in terms of the the big picture about
what half of all published studies tend
to be not
reproducible and probably half of what
you hear about climate change is more
about the marketing of the idea and that
stuff is mostly BS so B sides have so
much
BS that it's hard to figure out which
one has the kernel of Truth so that's
where I am so my personal situation is
I'm right between them both sides uh
can't be trusted and so I don't know how
to had to square it but there is one
thing I'm going to give you my uh
current preliminary ruling
on one of the main claims of climate
science is
that it's
settled right so if there were some
conclusive way to find out that it's not
settled in a way that's not you know
crazy skeptic stuff um then you would
debunk the main claim that it settled
you would not have de you would not have
debunked the notion that it might be a
big problem right so separately it could
still be a disaster and the scientists
could be completely right about that but
in independent of the actual reality
there's how certain are we and the claim
of the scientists are that we're certain
to the point where it's just the
fact so I gave a challenge uh recently
uh by Twitter I tweeted a a Skeptics
graph that said that said that in the
beginning of the century the rate of
temperature increase was similar to the
rate now and in between those two rates
that look similar was an unexpected sort
of plateau or Cooling and that the
theory of CO2 being the main driver of
temperature could would not explain why
the early part of the century and now
have a similar slope because we have so
much more CO2 now it should have been
earlier it was low and now it's high
that's what it should have looked like
but the graph if it's correct says that
we had two periods uh separated by
decades that were the same slope and one
of them had a lot of CO2 and one of them
had a lot
less so how does co2 explain that when
it was completely different and yet you
got the same thing now the and then the
more problematic part is the part where
the temperature wasn't Rising for uh
from 1940 to
1980 so for 40 years there's some
general agreement that the temperature
wasn't Rising too
much so the question was how does the
current theory of clim of CO2 and anthr
anthropomorphic global warming how how
does it explain the fact that the that
there was something that looks like it's
off model you know that there was some
40 years where there wasn't the um the
warming and I want to read to
you from skeptical science so skep iCal
science is a site that does what I
consider a really good service whereas
they they take every they try to take
every skeptical argument and then they
debunk it using the best science now the
writers of this website I don't
necessarily think are climate scientists
themselves maybe it doesn't matter
because they they simply use the
available science so they point to the
study they point to the graph they point
to the temperatures and they have a very
long list of skeptical claims and they
debunk them quite well so every time
I've looked at their site to see about a
skeptical claim I'll read the claim and
I'll say that skeptical claim looks
pretty pretty solid and then I'll go to
their site and and I'll say oh okay I
guess it was BS after all but this
latest claim I I had called down as sort
of like the the key lever you know if
this one's if the claim is true it
really means something and if the claim
is false that means something else um
and so I want to read to you the exact
quote from skeptical science in which
they explain the 40 years from 1940 to
1980 roughly where the CO2 warming
Theory doesn't seem to fit the graph so
how do they explain it now remember the
question we're asking is is climate
science settled and here's this here's
the scientific argument from skeptical
science says so what caused the cooling
period that interrupted the overall
trend in the middle of the century so
they're talking about that same period
1940 to
1980 and then they say the answer seems
to lie in Soul or
dimming the answer seems to lie does
seems to lie sound like they know what
they're talking about for sure I'll keep
going a cooling phenomena caused by
Airborne plutons so they say is seems to
be caused by airborne fluence and they
say the main culprit is likely to have
been so in other words to explain a
40-year period in our recent 100
years the language used here on the
pro-science side of the
debate the exact language here on this
one website skeptical Sciences the main
culprit is likely to have been likely to
have been does likely sound like settled
science to you let me go on um the main
culprit is likely been an increase in
sulfate Aerosoles which reflect incoming
solar energy back into space and lead to
cooling um and they say that there might
have been two causes that would be
unique to 1940 through 1980 that would
not be the case today they said there's
two causes would be industrial uh
pollution basically because back then
industry polluted more they didn't have
the same environmental controls so
point1 would be industrial pollution and
number two would be volcanic
eruptions
now all right so the first part it said
two weasel things it said um that the
answer seems to be and then they said
the culprit is likely to Abend in other
words a a clear a clear admission that
the scientists don't understand a
40-year period in the last 80 years
according to their own best settled
science so it's settled science that can
explain 40 of the last 100 years in fact
that's just the 40 years where
temperatures weren't going up do you
know what else it can't it can't explain
the 40 years before before that where it
was going up at the same rate it is now
so there's something like I'm just this
is not an exact number but something
like 80 of the last 40 years I'm I'm
sorry something like 80 of the last I
don't know 120 years are not
explained by the settled science in fact
it it's conflicts with it you know so
they they have strong evidence so when
they say it's likely that the Aerosoles
likely that the pollution were the
explanation they do have more um the
article you know gives more scientific
studies that seem to confirm that not
confirm but rather suggest that it's
true but so this is a very big proponent
of anthrop
anthropological uh global warming and
this proponent only refers to the the
theory as being likely and seems to
all right but it gets
better in the same in the same argument
a little bit down the page on skeptical
science is this sentence wait for this
it says as a final point and so now as a
final point to the same topic it should
be noted that in
1945 the way in which sea temperatures
were measured changed leading to a
substantial drop in apparent
temperatures once the data are corrected
once the data are
corrected it is expected that the
cooling Trend in the middle of the
century will be less
pronounced let me put this in my own
words if they use if they use the data
that they had before which they know to
be
wrong is still explains their theory in
other words their Theory works when the
data is wrong by their own
description because this was just a
whole explanation of why well yes it's
still works because you throw in the
Aerosoles you throw in the pollution you
throw in the volcanoes you throw in the
CO2 it all
works it all works by their own
description with incorrect
temperatures and then it goes on to say
that it will work even better when they
fix the temperatures so they're
correct what kind of a
theory works if the data is correct and
also works when the data is
incorrect because that's what they're
saying in pretty clear language that the
current incorrect ocean temperatures
totally explained you just have to throw
in some pollution from the 40s throw in
a little volcano action bam CO2 you got
it all all variables have been
explained if if that's true then when
you cor when you correct the ocean
temperatures your theory should no
longer
work
right because then the the uh the the
curve which they say has now been
completely explained Away by pollution
and by volcanoes no longer needs to be
explained
away so how does the theory still work
when the data changes all right so
here's my
point nothing I've
said um would disprove the basic notion
that we have a climate catastrophe and
that humans are the primary cause so
I've not said that's debunk be very
careful about that right I'm not
debunking based on this information
anything about the actual outcome and
the danger I am debunking and I'm going
to say this as a conclusion
like science I can change my conclusions
if the data changes so in science when
they say there's a theory the scientific
meaning of theory is that's basically
proven sure if new information came up
we would revise our Theory but in
science theory means as good as a fact
for for all practical purposes yes still
it can change because that's how science
works I'm going to say the same I would
say based on science's own best
argument they have said in their own
words that it's not settled or at least
it's not settled that their models can
predict so we still might have the
danger that part I don't know but I can
say for sure that the scientists uh have
been lying to you and that like the fine
people hoax and of Charlottesville like
the Russian
collusion like the uh Southern Poverty
Law Center
the claim that it's settled science is
debunked by the scientists themselves
I'm just reading their own Theory so but
don't take that as saying that climate
science is debunked just the certainty
of the claims all right um wasn't that
fun all right that's all I got today um
I'm going to be watching ing the uh the
Sunday shows I haven't decided if it's
more entertaining to watch Fox News take
their Victory lapse or is it more
entertaining to watch CNN pretend
nothing
happened
MSNBC is just bad crazy I mean
they're um if you look at their fallen
faces they're they're literally just
sputtering and making stuff up at this
point you know far more than before so
uh I'll probably be flipping flipping uh
across U channels I hope you do
too
um
now um I'm probably going to turn on the
interface by whenhub app and I'm going
to make myself available as an expert to
the Press so the interface by one Hub
app for those of you who don't know is
my startups company it's a free app and
anybody can sign up as an expert on
anything so I'm going
to
um I'm going
to uh change my description I'm going to
say ask me
about the Mueller
report asking about Mel
report now I'll make this just for the
Press
so if the Press wants to ask me about
the Muller
report damn
it
press
press uh I will I will lower my price to
zero my hourly price will be
zero and you can ask me about
Mueller all
right so I'm now online so I'm an expert
online if anybody who is a member of the
press the Press if they want a quote on
this whole situation just to give their
story some color I would be happy to
give you that quote so the beauty of
this app is that nobody has to um trade
contact information you can contact me
through here and it would be an
immediate video call and I will give you
a press worthy
quote um and I somebody says can we
listen in well I would like you listen
in if I knew it was going to happen
right away but I don't know when
somebody's somebody's going to uh
contact me yeah the the slaughter meter
Slaughter meter is at 100% right now and
I will talk to you later