oh hey Kevin come on in here
take a seat hello everybody yeah it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams yes
it's that time again it's the best time
of day it's the part of the day that
makes all the rest of your day so much
better and all it takes is a little
participation than the simultaneous it
doesn't take much hey Jackie
Patrick Beth come on in here do you have
your vessel your vessel to fill with
liquids you can use any kind of a vessel
it could be a cup or a mug or glasses
time the chalices tancr√®de a thermos a
flask you can T the Grail the goblet to
vessel of any kind filling with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the unparalleled pleasure of the
dopamine the head of the day the thing
that makes everything amazing the
simultaneous it go Oh nailed it good job
out there
your simultaneity was excellent today
better than normal so as you know we've
reached the Paradis inversion point
which I called out in the Dilbert comic
strip if he didn't see it all last week
I was talking about it it's the point
where you actually can't tell the
difference between parody and reality
like actually literally you can't tell
best example of course was the AOC
meeting in which a troll said maybe we
should be eating babies because things
are so dire and it was a little bit hard
for people to tell if that was real like
legitimately they couldn't tell if
somebody was suggesting eating babies to
remediate
climate change actually couldn't tell
but it gets better today I ever see I
guess was last night she
retweeted somebody who were saying that
it's obvious that the president is being
anti-semitic because he's attacking ship
and Nadler now do I even have to
continue talking about this or are we
already at the point where we can all
say together I can't tell if that's real
or parity now it gets better the claim
is that because the president has been
going hard at Schiff Nadler and AOC that
proves he's both an anti-semite and he
doesn't like people of color okay
the first thing I'd say is are you
telling me that Nadler and Scheffer
Jewish I didn't know that did you did
you even know they were Jewish I mean I
think maybe if I thought about it I
could have you know I might have pieced
it together maybe I've heard it but was
that on anybody's mind is there any
voter who was looking at this situation
saying hey look at those Jewish guys
coming for the president
I will think so I think always always
Democrats don't we if you're if you're a
Republican do you see anything but
Democrats I mean the Democrat brand
Democrat brand is so strong that it kind
of incorporates you know woman person of
color religion and whatever that's the
brand their brand is the entire point of
being a Democrat it seems is the whole
diversity thing so if you're if you're
in a political contest against Democrats
what are you supposed to do you're
either going to be mocking a woman a
person of color or something now here's
how dumb it is it's not as if the
president isn't going after Nancy Pelosi
on a regular basis he's going harder and
Joe Biden
then he's going after anybody except
Hillary Clinton and how about Mitt
Romney so today last week he's after
Mitt Romney Biden Pelosi Schiff meddler
AOC and from that crowd of people he
went after they who see tweets around
that he's obviously clearly anti-semitic
now do you think she even believes that
do you think if you had a private
conversation and she knew she knew that
nobody would ever hear what she said
it's just just the two of you it's just
a or seein you and you say AOC come on
did you really mean that do you really
think that because coincidentally two of
these several people that the president
is going after who are who are going
after him as hard as they can literally
trying to impeach him for a
do you really think that that's a case
of anti-semitism because really maybe
the president should talk to his
daughter and his son long as
grandchildren George ocean and maybe
Israel should notice given that they're
naming towns after him I mean really do
you think privately she thinks that Alex
now before you're tempted to call her
stupid
it's definitely not stupid it's evil I
mean it's really evil because I can't
think of anything the president has ever
been even accused of doing now listen to
this carefully forget about what the
president you believe has actually done
or didn't do just talk about the things
he's accused of is there anything that
the president has ever been accused of
well I guess they're I guess the people
accused him of some people said he was
going to do things but let's just think
the things he was actually accused of
him really doing not the things they
think he might do in the future or could
have done by only the things that are
real as the president ever done anything
is bad as trying to start a race war
because that's what AMC is doing is
there anything he's even been accused of
even if you imagine that the accusations
were all true now you can't count the
crazy people who when he get elected
said oh he's gonna have concentration
camps for gay people and stuff like that
those weren't accusations those were
like two imaginary future things but are
the things that people think he really
did such as a phone call with the
Ukraine let's say the worst case well
you know if you met if you took the
Democrats batshit crazy view that is not
his job to protect the elections and the
integrity of our republic let's say you
took that view and he was only doing it
to get reelected is that as bad as what
AARC tweeted cuz to me it doesn't even
look close by if I were to weigh those
things in tort in terms of morale and
you know even risk of life and death
those aren't even close if you're trying
to start a race war like literally
calling out anti-semitism where it
clearly doesn't exist
that seems way worse than anything the
president's even been accused of doing
even if you imagined he did everything
he's been accused of it still works and
in and if you're searching your brain to
find the counterexample you're probably
saying well kids in cages there you go
kids in cages well Bhama had kids in
cages and well it was kind of Congress
has a set of laws that kind of made that
situation happen and even if you figured
even if you took the worst view of that
that the president wanted to inflict
some discomfort in order to reduce
reduce immigration even if you took that
narrow worst interpretation I think aoc
still beat it that tweak seems more evil
because it's in tension I think it's
because of attention it's it's obviously
trying to create a race war situation
ma'am
now what's interesting is that as I was
thinking about this I was thinking you
know people are worried about some kind
of a civil war
do you hear people talking oh there's
gonna be a civil war it'll be people in
the streets Civil War
I always think now the actual citizens
of this country are nowhere near not
even you not even 1% close to anything
like a civil war among people because it
turns out that the citizens are better
than they've ever been the government
might be worse as it's ever been in
terms of the you know the way it
operates but I think the citizens are
better than we've ever been and am I
wrong
are your neighbors worse than they were
20 years ago I don't think so I think
your neighbors have come along with
everybody else I think people get along
pretty well but as I was thinking that I
thought to myself actually I think we
are in a civil war but a different kind
it does seem to me that it would be
accurate to say that something like the
deep state maybe it's just Democrats I
don't know your whether you want to call
it the deep state of the Democrats what
we're seeing with this non-stop
continuous push to impeachment they're
really started all the way back with
trying to you know invalidate the
electoral college and validate the
election the entire process is a civil
war because there are Republicans who
are trying to make their vote still
count according to the Constitution and
all that and keep their president and
there's some large faction who is trying
to remove this president with non
democratic means now we don't know who
the leader of this is we can guess a few
names of course but it's I would say
this is a civil war isn't a coup
now it ooh when you think of a coup you
think of something that happens faster
right don't you think of a coup as
something
it happens this week and it's either
over or the coup people rounded up and
you know jailed or whatever so it
doesn't feel like a coup anymore it
feels like a civil war and the civil war
is being fought not even so much by the
citizens but by different entities
within the government and the citizens
are just sort of watching it like it's a
movie and we're you know cheering and
clapping for one team or the other but
citizens don't seem to be involved in
the civil war ku seems short term this
is entire length of his presidency with
no no sign that it's ever gonna stop it
just transforms into a different form
it's like our Russia collusion well that
didn't work let's try a little Ukrainian
business a little bit so we are in this
of war I would say it just happens to be
fought by people whose names we don't
know necessarily in the government along
those lines
how many more whistleblowers do you
expect to see we've seen one and now
there was this news of a so-called
second whistleblower now let me guess we
don't know the name of the whistleblower
let me guess the things the
whistleblower is saying will be disputed
by people who also have direct knowledge
of the situation just guessing and
whatever the whatever the second
whistleblower says will eventually be
debunked but not until it's done its
damage you know in that in the headlines
after the second whistleblower is
debunked how many more will we see well
certainly another one so we're on
whistleblower to hoax so far I think
whistleblower 3 hoax is probably in the
pipeline I wouldn't be surprised at four
and five are already being lined up so
it looks like it's obvious what the play
is going to be the the death by many
fake whistleblowers so look for that
there's there's a weird thing that I'm
gonna jump around today for some reason
there's a weird thing that the
anti-trump pers are saying about the
Ukraine phone call they're saying that
what was happening is that the president
really was doing his gangster talk and
with what he really wanted was Ukraine
to manufacture dirt on his opponent so
let me ask you this isn't that the same
risk for every legal investigation isn't
isn't it just sort of like if you were
gonna say it let's hold a sporting event
would you have to ask if oxygen will be
there well probably not because if it's
on earth probably there will be oxygen
and you need oxygen to have a proper
sporting event so you don't really need
to say will there be oxygen at your
sporting event that would be ridiculous
likewise if you're having an illegal
investigation is there ever a risk that
somebody will make up make up some facts
how about every time is there any such
thing as a legal investigation that does
not have some risk just built into the
situation this somebody will tell you
something that isn't true how do you
have a legal investigation without that
so to say that he wanted them to
manufacture evidence that's kind of a
mind-reading stretch wouldn't you say
likewise when a or C says that his clear
intent used to be anti-semetic talking
about the president based on what her
ability to read minds the the Democrats
have literally devolved into
mind-reading as their primary evidence
against the president actual literally
they're telling you they can see his
inner thoughts they're not telling you
why he did was so bad
- his internal thoughts think of this if
you were to separate what the president
did with let's say the Ukraine phone
call if you just separate that from any
notion of what his internal thoughts are
is it a problem nope it's not a problem
because what he did was consistent with
the role of a president now you say to
yourself here's the other thing that the
the anti-trump errs are saying well I
think Robin you said this and this will
require the help of my little friend
Dale and it goes like this why is it the
president is only interested in this
corruption this Biden corruption
coincidentally coincidentally happens to
be his political rival is that a
coincidence I don't think it's
coincidence one person and of seven
billion in the whole world
his biggest political rival is the only
one the president is looking into
personally oh yeah that's likely see
what is left out of that Joe Biden is
polling number one in the polls to be
the next president of the United States
at the same time there's something that
looks like to observers an obvious
conflict of interest with a foreign
country now let me ask you this would
hunter Biden stand to lose money
with his you know his situation with the
oil company there and his monthly
payments would would Joe Biden's son be
in a position where he might lose them a
lot of money if Biden did something that
Ukraine didn't like right it's a big
risk
what if Ukraine had so little
information about either hunter or Joe
Biden because it looks like they do I'm
not saying they do I'm saying that on
the surface the allegations are
certainly credible the allegation being
that there's a conflict of interest well
there's a large amount of money being
paid to hunter Biden and nobody disputes
that and it's coming from a large
company that
he has connections to oligarchs and
leaders and whatever so certainly it's
worth asking the questions now how high
a priority would it be for a president
to make sure that the person who's
pulling the highest to be the next
president of the United States how
important is it for the sitting
president to check out an obvious
indication that this person could be at
least somewhat controlled by a country
that's very important now Ukraine is
important because of its position and
geography the Russia blah blah blah
so they're Ukraine is more important
than it normally would be just because
of the Russian connection etc how
important is it in the scheme of the
president's priorities to make sure that
the next president is not owned by the
Ukraine what priority would you put on
that well if we were at war I would say
the war is a higher priority but we
don't really have anything that looks
like a war if our economy were tanking
I'd say damn it president Trump stop
messing with this little stuff get on
that economy there's 20% people are
unemployed but that's not the case we're
at a 50-year low for unemployment so
given that the president has in fact
taken care of a lot of business and and
successfully the top priority of the
country is probably whatever you know
loose thread or squeaking wheel is left
because the big stuffs kind of taken
care of now I would say that health care
and a lot of other things need to be
taken care of but they're more the
domain of Congress than the president I
mean somebody has to come up with a law
that people like or else the president
can't do a damn thing so what does the
president have that would be a higher
priority than making sure the at least
according to the polls the probable next
president or at least you know one of
the possible next presidents is not in
the pocket of Ukraine
how important is that as a national
priority number one top priority right
Oh somebody's saying China an offense
until China well he's he's doing what he
can on that and that seems to be under
under control in the sense that there's
a lot going on there so under the
condition that a president is doing his
top priority for the country and it's
well within the job description of what
he does and there's nobody who was in
the position of Joe Biden which is
polling number one on the polls to be
the next president who else was polling
number one to be the next president of
the United States
nobody well so of course out of seven
billion people in the whole world does
it make sense that he was focusing on
Joe Biden well yeah Joe Biden was the
only one who has obvious Ukraine
conflicts we don't know if they're
probably you know it's a problem but
it's obvious based on the information we
all have that there's a there's a
conflict of interest there could be
important could be not important
but is certainly a conflict of interest
and so I tweeted this morning I said
that we must impeach President Trump I'm
just using the parody inversion logic
here
we must impeach President Trump for
bringing unemployment to a 50-year low
of 3.5% he only did that to get
reelected when will this grifter start
looking out for the American people
instead of just himself in other words
everything the president does is to get
reelected that's our system we designed
a system we the founders and most of us
have bought into it we have a system
which by preference and choice allows
your politician to pursue his own
self-interest right in front of you so
long as and here's the important point
it's also his job now if he did
something that wasn't his job and it was
just good for him well I would say you
should look into that maybe
maybe that's impeachable so if somebody
does something that's only good for them
it's not good for anybody else and it's
not their job description well you're
gonna have to look look into that but if
somebody pursues arguably the top most
important priority of the country which
is to keep foreign interference and of
our government given that the other
stuff is pretty well handled at the
moment right war would be bigger bad
economy would be bigger but they're
under control so the president pursuing
his top priority as the president that a
president can actually do again he can't
he can't fix healthcare by themselves
etc that's Congress has to do that how
in the world can we treat that as
impeachable when it's the actual system
working the way the system is supposed
to work that's actually the way the
system is designed the president is
supposed to look at the politics he's
supposed to look around and say well
what would get me reelected that is also
my job that is also my job that's the
part that the critics leave out that is
also his job as long as he does his job
it doesn't matter if he's doing it
because he wants to be elected so you
can mind-read all day long and say hey
I'm pretty sure I can see inside the
mind of a stranger in this case the
president and what I see him there said
he didn't care about the Republic he
only wanted to get reelected do you know
what that's our system that's exactly
the way it's supposed to work it doesn't
matter
it does not matter what his internal
thoughts are they're trying to make you
believe that it matters what the
president's internal thoughts were
doesn't matter it matters was it his job
to protect the Republic from foreign
interference yeah clearly and in fact
he's the top guy who needs to be doing
that there's nobody else who has that
more of their job than the president by
definition
was he pursuing one of the you know not
it doesn't have to be the top priority
but was it one of the top priorities for
the countries benefit clearly you
wouldn't want the next president to be
in the pocket in Ukraine there's nobody
who wants that and how much work did he
put into it in other words did he did he
cannibalize all the other priorities to
work on this one thing because that
would be a problem what wouldn't it be a
problem you would have a problem with
this too if he just stopped working on
everything else to focus on this little
Ukraine thing because it was good for
politics well that would be a problem
how much work did he put into it two
sentences on a phone call I believe that
was the total amount of effort he put
into this priority now
it was probably enough because it looks
like Ukraine might look into it a little
bit and it caused a lot of focus on it
so it was probably enough but with two
sentences on one phone call he created
some action around the one of the
biggest priorities in the country which
is make sure a foreign entity is not
interfering now you notice that what the
the anti-trump errs are doing is they're
trying to manufacture a crime out of
nothing by changing the words used to
describe it and you'll see this over and
over again they're trying to criminalize
a president doing his job exactly the
way the Constitution is written up
what's your job description are you
doing it yes and yes that phone call is
his job description and he was doing it
is it a top priority that's that's also
a fair question
yup what what was a bigger priority than
that not much that the Democrats just
spent what two years convincing us that
foreign interference was our top
priority because it's all they were
talking about now the president treats
it like it's a top priority and they
want to impeach him for it so it's the
parody inversion point
did you see so I think the mole is
working for the Biden campaign now if
you're new to this the mole with capital
letters T and M for the mole is a
fictitious character that I invented
during the 2016 election in which I was
mocking Hillary Clinton for having a bad
communication game and her her tweets
and some of her statements were so bad
that I joked that she must have a mole
you know a Trump mole working for her
who was giving her bad advice
intentionally yeah why don't you call
him all deplorable 'he's that who were
killed
i think they'd like to be called
deplorable you know so that was the idea
that wherever bad advice came from it
was from the mole so the mole is not a
real person is more of a funny concept
and i think the mole
is working for biden because they
designed somebody designed a logo you
know a Biden campaign logo for Iowa that
featured aviator glasses now
the sunglasses now when you think about
aviator style sunglasses what do you
think apparently they were trying to
make people think Abidin I guess he must
wear aviator sunglasses that's so the
most the most the most positive thing
that anybody could think of for Joe
Biden was something he bought on a store
shelf so apparently this this this is so
amazingly pathetic it's I don't know if
I can even finish talking about it
you're so funny so when you when you see
those sunglasses you think of somebody
concealing their eyes that's not good
you think of the Unabomber that's what I
tweet it you can see it in the comments
you think of the Unabomber when you see
those glasses but you certainly think of
somebody who is trying to conceal their
their real intentions with the
sunglasses and then
and then here's the other thing if you
can't think of anything good about your
your candidate accepts their sunglasses
you don't have much to work with
President Trump you know was trying to
make America great again
and I'm thinking okay that works make
America great again Joe Biden has
sunglasses let me say that again here
are the two approaches to campaigning
just just see if you can tell which one
is the good one make America great again
that's president Trump and now we'll
compare that to Joe Biden wear
sunglasses one is a little bit better
than the other one yeah sunglasses
literally tell you that there's
something shady going on literally but
it gets better
did you see the clip of Joe Biden he
must been talking to some medical group
and he said that if there's a if there
are angels in heaven they're all male
and female nurses did you see that
you have to see it alright maybe I could
find it on my phone and quickly enough
that it would not bore you while I wait
see how quickly I can do this with my
fast fingers all right where are you Joe
Biden there it is see if I can play it I
want you to concentrate on how to
incompetent this is now I think Joe
Biden needs to find a find a respectable
way to leave the race but if he doesn't
I think we can stop being nice to
whatever is going on with him
cognitively I mean at some point you
just have to say okay we can't we can't
ignore this anymore I just want you to
see if you think this sounds like a
competent person who's at the top of it
game alright let's see if you can hear
this they're all male and female nurses
they should be trained how to increase
their capacity to serve everything I
mean we can do this now it does sound
like somebody who's in his right now
because I I don't know which part
Stephen TV been criticized but where he
feels he needs to specify that nurses
can be male and female I think to myself
is this the 60s
is there anybody watching this periscope
who didn't already know there are male
nurses Danny really need to specify
there's such a thing as male nurses I'll
think so I don't think so Joe Biden I
think he's lost in the sixties I'm
pretty sure every single citizen of this
country knows that nurses can be male
and female and guess what Joe this may
surprise you because I know Joe Biden is
not keeping up with the latest but have
you heard Joe Biden there are women who
are doctors now actual doctors can you
believe it can you believe it there are
women who are doctors now and I'm gonna
blow your mind Joe but have you been in
a any kind of a commercial aircraft
lately and I don't know if you noticed
this but there are now pilots who are
female can you believe it can you
believe that Joe Biden there are now
look there are both male and female
pilots of airplanes of actual airplanes
and what about college did you know that
there are college students and this may
shock you but there are college students
now that are both male and female
have you heard about this it's
incredible yeah and I this'll blow your
mind but I I once met a woman who was a
computer programmer so now there are men
and women and women who can use
computers can you believe that Joe Biden
I mean it starts with this nurse thing
first thing you know there are men who
are nurses there are women who are
nurses one thing leads to another and
every gender is gonna be doing every job
whoa what's happening
all right so parity inversion how can
and here's something I asked you when
when you watch President Trump do a
rally speech for example isn't it easy
for you to understand why you might like
it
but you could kind of understand why
people who don't like the president
would find something problem you know
some problem with the way he's he's
presenting himself you kind of
understand that even if you don't agree
with it but here's my question do you
believe there's any Democrat who's
watching Joe Biden's performance and is
saying to him or herself because it
turns out I don't want to shock you
again
did you know that Democrats can be male
and female and and every other gender as
well yeah that's a new thing yeah and
voters did you know that you can vote if
you're a man or a woman and doesn't even
matter what you identify yes you could
be you know and any other any other
gender you want you can still vote does
Joe Biden know that this is amazing this
modern these modern times but is there
any Democrat who's looking at Joe Biden
and saying yeah that looks right to me
yeah that looks good I think he's I
think he's the guy I don't think so I
don't think there's one Democrat who
were saying that Prime
I don't think even one so we're down to
Elizabeth Warren because Biden Bernie
Bernie is pretty much done because of
the heart attack I think the citizens
hear heart attack and suddenly his age
matters it was easy to imagine his age
didn't matter when he looked at the top
of health now to be you know technically
correct this heart attack was so minor
and handled so routinely that you really
can't make a judgement about his ongoing
health except that he's a certain age
but still the way it would the way the
voters feel about it that's not at the
end of the story so Warren should be
blazing up to the top pretty soon and
that will free up Biden to drop out
Biden needs Warren to have a commanding
lead in the important polls and order
for him to say okay people I gave it my
best shot but the Democrats you know
plurality prefers a different kind of
candidate and I'm gonna respect the
voters so you need you need Warren to
get like a really serious lead and
ideally in national polls versus Biden
and then Biden is free to leave the race
because his his entire argument is
electability and if he and if it looks
like he has no chance of getting you
have the nomination then there's no
electability argument so Warren can take
Biden enter the race simply by
demonstrating she's more popular among
Democrats and that that would be
sufficient for for Biden to have a
respectable reasons to leave and he
could say well I gave it my best shot so
he could say you know I tried I did what
I could for the country the voters have
spoken
I respect what they say so he has an
off-ramp now so Warren's gonna give him
that off-ramp but do you think Warren's
gonna get the nomination
what happens to Biden's votes when Biden
leaves where do they go
did they go to Elizabeth Warren because
she's sort of the opposite of Biden do
they go to Bernie Sanders now now
because Bernie's on the decline
where did they go well I think you're
gonna see Buddha judge yang and Harris
Augen a little bump from that so we'll
see what else we got going on oh the
 the other funny thing happening is
that so there's some rumors that Rick
Perry who is secretary of Department of
Energy I think that he's talking about
moving back into the private sector at
some schedule to be determined he's not
in any hurry apparently so there are two
stories about Rick Perry one is that
he's gonna leave government to Trump
threw him under the bus for being the
one who suggested that he make the phone
call about Ukraine I tell you it's a
parody inversion how perfect is it that
the one guy who's leaving government is
the guy that Trump is pinning the phone
call on you know I wasn't even gonna
make that phone call but Rick Perry said
maybe I should and coincidentally Rick
Perry's leaving government how lucky is
that anyway that just seems like such a
corporate thing to do all right I think
that's about all that's happening right
now right so watch for the Civil War the
dark forces aligned with the Democrats
who will be sending one whistleblower
after another all presumably fake to
confuse things now let me ask you this
you know how there are always these
indicators of who's going to win the
election so you know there there's
always dozens and dozens of variables
and there's always some expert who says
you know this indication means that the
the president will get reelected let's
talk about a few of those all right one
indicator of who will get who will win
the next election is the incumbency so
the incumbent always has a big advantage
so that advantage goes to trump another
way to predict a winner is who raises
the most money and that predicts Trump
another indicator is how well the
economy is doing and that predicts Trump
another indicator would be how good you
are at campaigning and that indicates
Trump another indicator is your policies
right if you have policies that are
generally compatible with the public
then you have more chance of getting
elected
assuming that Warren will will take the
lead pretty soon if you're looking at
Warren just hypothetically Warren versus
Trump which one of them has policies
that are closest to what the American
people on average want Trump because
even though the free healthcare
situation is popular among the people
who would get it all the people who
would have to pay for it in addition to
their own health care are going to say I
kind of like the healthcare I have with
my company where they pay for it and I
don't really pay much for anything so
Warren has the kind of policies that for
every person who loves it there's going
to be a Democrat who was not in favor of
it because it's just going to cost them
money to pay for somebody else so if you
look at policies Trump he has the
policies that are closer to the American
people what are the other variables what
are the other things that predict can
you think of any because it seems to me
that literally everything that predicts
all those variables people say well you
look at this variable and that's the one
that tells you what's going to happen
it feels like every variable is going
Trump's way am I wrong am i missing one
because you know even if you were to oh
somebody saying scandal
I think scandal is gonna look similar
both ways
the thing that the president has going
for him is that where well let me go to
the side
imagine Trump against any Democrat so it
could be any one of the whoever's left
dozen or so they left so imagine is
Trump versus anybody else now let me ask
you this question which of those two you
know one person whoever's your favorite
from the Democrats versus Trump the two
of them and let's say one of them
becomes the president for the coming
four years the next next term which one
of them is more likely to have an
undiscovered scandal that comes up after
becoming president think about it is
Trump likely to have additional scandals
that we haven't figured out or is
whoever it gets elected likely to have
something bubble up that we didn't know
about which one of those is more likely
well Trump has been analyzed by
everybody who can analyze in a thousand
different ways he might be and this is
the ironic part Trump might be the
cleanest president we've ever had now
let me explain that by clean I don't
mean he's ever done I don't mean he's
never done anything that people would
say hey that looks sketchy I'm not
saying that I'm saying that we know it
we know it all what would happen if
there's some like sex scandal about
Trump what would you say you'd say well
he wouldn't care what happened do you
think there's any like additional Russia
collusion or any Russian interference
with Trump that we don't already know
about well probably not he's been you
know he's had that
a scope up is : for three years
probably not what about transparency has
somebody said in the comments he's
probably the most transparent president
we've ever had now let's say we don't
find out about his taxes we're over it
we're over it because if the IRS doesn't
care about his taxes you know I think
most people you know if you took the men
at the political mode and you just said
look if the IRS doesn't have a problem
do you have a problem because we're
watching him you know every way you can
watch somebody if if the Trump's were
putting together some new you know land
deal in Russia today I think you'd know
about it wouldn't you wouldn't you know
about that so completely by accident
the president has become the most
transparent understood president of all
time probably nobody's nobody will ever
come close I would think and now no
matter who you put in there whether it's
you know one or put a judge or anybody
else what are the odds that we know as
much about them it's really low the odds
that we know enough about any of the
Democrats is really low the one that we
should know the most about his Biden and
he's got a Ukraine problem so I would
say that the president has a weird I
know how ironic the sounds but because
we know so much about the president and
because he's never hidden as he put it
when he was running for election he said
of himself I'm no angel and so when
people voted they were voting for the
guy who said he's no angel and that's
what they got they got exactly that guy
so in a weird way he's sort of Teflon
because anything anything that comes our
way that's sort of in the same range of
things we've already mentally discarded
is just going to get mentally discarded
again that's the problem
Democrats are having with this
you crave one call thing if Trump were
some other person some other politician
you would say my god we thought he was
perfect but here's this phone call thing
and now now our impression of him is all
changed but when Trump makes that phone
call you say to yourself yeah of course
it was self interest it was also his job
so he's perfectly he's perfectly allowed
to do his job to do his high top
priority of protecting the Republic at
the same time he's taken care of himself
that's our system so as long as he's
following the system the way it was
designed as long as it's transparent and
as long as it's moving in a direction
we're generally happy with economy looks
good et cetera
I don't see how he doesn't get away
reelected unless the revolution is a
success but I'm sure that all of you
will make sure it is not by just looking
at your comments yeah Raul Castro said
he wants to phase out nuclear power and
I would say that that's a case of Raul
Castro Castro phasing himself out of the
election because if you're not if you're
not in favor of the newer generations of
nuclear energy
you know the newer technology if you're
not in favor that you just haven't done
your homework and you don't care about
climate change I mean that's just
disqualifying right there because even
the Democrats are pro nuclear you know
cory booker yang Biden even Biden you
know this pro-nuclear all right if you
would like to learn how to avoid loser
think my book is ready for a pre-order
or you can get it all the places you
pre-order books Amazon etc and this book
will help you defeat the people you are
arguing with because I say write in the
book you have permission so permission
is great
in this book to take your phone and take
a picture of any page Boop and put it on
social media to win your argument
because what I do here is I I detail bad
thinking styles you know had it had a
Heather think incorrectly and then had
to think correctly so that you can get
into your bubble so if you find somebody
in a bubble and you could say oh they're
there they have a half pinion or they
are using the mind-reading illusion one
of the classic problems of thinking you
can just take a picture Boop
put it on social media you have my
permission if it's just a page and if
it's just a page and you can win your
argument by referring to an official
book one of the things about ebooks is
if you're lucky enough to get a book
published people take you seriously so
just the fact that it's in a book makes
it seem like it's more authoritative so
that's that's part of the the magic of
this all right that's all I got for now
let's watch for a whistle-blower two
three four and five as the revolution
continues in slow motion and outrage
theater continues and I will talk to you
later