bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum hey
everybody come on in here
I know you've been watching a lot of
coverage about events with North Korea
but you haven't heard everything I have
to say and that means you're not done
yet so as soon as we get a thousand
people I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you how
I score the Singapore summit the the
Thrilla in Singapore and so here are the
variables we have Kim getting a meeting
with President Trump seems like good for
Kim we have President Trump
agreeing to postpone at least war games
again good for Kim then we have Kim
blowing up the entrances to the
mountains or at least a little bit of
their test facility you got blown up and
that seems good for us and then the kid
has agreed to no missile tests and also
released some prisoners but let's score
these because they're not all equal
right some things are bigger than others
they're they're not all the same thing
here's the frame I want to put on this
everything I listed can be taken away
easily all right so just listen to this
list these are all the things that have
already been traded essentially but they
can all be taken away and pretty easily
so first of all you know chairman Kim
got legitimacy at a meeting on the big
stage with President Trump so he has
respect he has legitimacy is there
anything the president Trump is better
at removing from another person than
their dignity he is the best the best
operator you've ever seen on the world
stage for taking back and
respect that had been given if you don't
believe me just ask punchi punchi de
niro
I think your daughter referring to so
the president had a tweet about de niro
in which he nicknamed him punchy de niro
punchy oh my god that's some of his best
work anyway I go on so the legitimacy
that Kim got is is real he got the
meeting he got the legitimacy but it's
the sort of thing that this president
can remove should that ever be necessary
we hope it is never necessary president
Trump promised no war games now correct
me if I'm wrong but didn't we just
finish war games how often do we do war
games when wouldn't today be the very
best time to promise that we're gonna
suspend our war games because I'm pretty
sure it was gonna be a little while
until we did one anyway you know under
our normal situation so first of all
nothing is being given because we
probably didn't have any war games
scheduled today that's and we can always
change our mind should things go in the
wrong direction
likewise Kim blew up parts of his
mountain or maybe the the engines to the
mountain but realistically you know if
they put their minds to it they could
rebuild their test facility it's
possible they suspended their missile
tests but they could just you know they
could just test some more dope missiles
you know none of this is permanent and
then of course they've released some
captives which feels like a win until
you realize that they could capture some
more people these are all the most these
are the most reversible
you know giveaways on both sides so both
sides has done absolutely nothing they
can't be taken back you know in a moment
now I'm not saying that's bad my next
point is that it's good
and that indeed when the score was let's
see I've got the score here so if you
look at what Kim you know what at least
the pundits are saying Kim gave away you
blew up his mound and they stopped
testing missiles and release some
captives that's like three things and
then Kim Gus of the legitimacy for the
meeting and promise for no war games at
least for the moment and that feels like
two things and so people say yeah looks
like it's three to two but in this
particular context this isn't really
negotiating this first part is trying to
gain credibility so both sides are
trying to get credibility with the other
and so they should they make an
agreement they will feel like I'm
dealing with somebody who can keep an
agreement because you don't think that
Kim's gonna give away you know
everything important until he's quite
confident that he has somebody he can
work with and that if he gives something
up they give something up so this first
phase everybody's just giving up you
know air I mean really nothing
everything that's being given up could
be taken back poop in a moment so it's
not really real in the sense of changing
the the the changing the situation on
the ground but it's very real in terms
of two leaders trying to trust each
other trying to show in public look if I
got if I have your back in public do you
have my back in public and you're seeing
that dance right now you see the
president praising chairman Kim on a
number of levels I would expect it won't
be long before year sees some kind of a
comment coming from chairman Kim that
you know he had a productive time and
thanks president Trump or something
along those lines that's that's friendly
so in that context where the only thing
that both sides are trying to accomplish
has nothing to do with these little
nothings that they're giving each other
because they're all they're all
nothing's it has everything to do with
figuring out that they have each other's
back
so they go into a public discussion and
if I say I'm gonna give you something
are you gonna say you're gonna give me
something you know can we at least get
that going so if they can pace
themselves on that level and understand
that you know there's there's a
psychological element to this they have
to convince their own publics that they
have to present a certain face to the
public they had they both have to come
out good you know you want all the
players to come out with a win on this
and you're just saying the the warm-up
rounds so when you see the the the
haters of this deal criticized that
Trump gave up more than he got the
proper frame is that nobody gave up
anything there there is so far no giving
up there are only people who have said
you know I'll suspend this I won't do
this I might not do that but it's all
stuff they could take back in a half a
second so the real stuff and the only
parts that will matter will be
investments which are very long-term
hoping we can get to that point
denuclearizing which is relatively long
long-term if you do it right so these
are all the short-term giveaways that
you shouldn't see as real but they
really do set the tone and they give
people in the right mindset and they
move things forward and so they're all
doing exactly the right stuff right now
but the people who are not quite
understanding where they are and then
the negotiation if they're scoring it
they he's got to this guy's yeah three
that's very much missing the point of
this first phase all right I'm just
looking at your comments so I've seen
several of you mentioned Juan Williams I
was watching him on the five as well and
some of you probably recognized that my
comments are are fairly directly after
after watching him and I had said before
in a prior periscope that you're going
to see people get
a hostile in a way that you haven't seen
since the election and the hostility
will be them trying to deal with the
fact that things are going well and they
don't believe that they have a president
they should make things go well and so
one I've not read it and trying not to
read his mind so I'm talking about Juan
Williams he's on a show called the five
on Fox News and he seemed he seemed
pretty worked up about this but I don't
think his reasons are persuasive all
right so look for Trump haters Trump
critics to get a little bit meaner than
you've seen before
and I think I think we saw that first
with a punchy dinero gee well the first
time you heard the or read the tweet and
I hope you've read it by now what do you
see the word punchy because he got
punched too many times by professional
fighters that's what the tweet says I
don't know how you could I don't know
you can stop laughing at that I'm gonna
be laughing all afternoon that punchy
dinero
that's that is the stickiest nickname
you've ever heard in your life
oh my god what she didn't narrow anyway
I've also been telling you that the
president seems less mean lately he he
seems like he's he's getting friendlier
and his critics are turning into
whatever punchy dinero is you know a
raving you know sort of drooling Manny
maniac and the president of course
punches back ironically so of course he
countered punches but it was such a it
it was such a
I don't know it was more of a humorous
put down that it was hard to see it to
take it seriously at all
he says dinero is a like low IQ
individual I think he said he's been
punched too many times pipe bike in the
movies by professional boxers punched in
the head to make you know what's funny
about that is that because the president
said it you know people are gonna start
looking into whether people who get
punched and they had a lot can have okay
can't have what would you call it anger
management problems well let me let me
Google this while you're here no good
don't go anywhere okay I just have to
answer this and so I'm just going to
Google just talk among yourselves here
for a moment let's say boxer boxer brain
injury anger management I want to see
how many hits I get four yeah it looks
like anger management is one of the
symptoms which is not funny but but what
is what is funny is that now you have to
wonder if you have to wonder if punchy
dinero actually does have some anger
management issues so you know I I just
went through the entire cycle of
experience with you know right in front
of you which is at first I thought oh
this is just funny and then the more I
thought about it I thought oh brain
injuries are now funny at all in fact a
brain injury is
just about the opposite most opposite of
funny you could get and then I thought
well wait a minute De Niro was in movies
where he got punched and then I thought
well wait a minute maybe this is a
serious problem
maybe maybe his anger actually is about
being punched too much you know you
can't rule it down at all and so who
knows hey that's true but it's
interesting that we went through this
cycle anyway I gotta go that's all for
now I will talk to you all in the
morning