let it bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum oh hey
it's Saturday is anybody up I know it's
early it's a weekend but it's time for
you to all to get in here so that we can
enjoy the ultimate thrill
that's called coffee with Scott Adams to
participate you'll need some kind of a
vessel that holds the liquid could be a
cup a mug a Stein a chalice but then you
must raise it to your lips
simultaneously and you must sip with us
join me now for this imal tinea sip oh
yeah oh yeah that's the good stuff right
there
T's okay we allow tea tea is allowed all
right let's talk about a few things I
just tweeted there's more talk about
North Korea and going in the right
direction an article and on fox news
site that i just tweeted in my in my a
twitter feed a moment ago and there was
one thing in there that caught my eye so
apparently the the local North Korean
press which typically would be reporting
stuff like our nuclear weapons are our
silver sword of greatness
you know our nuclear arsenal is so
powerful we are the greatest
so normally North Korea would be
bragging about their nuclear weapons it
turns out that the internal government
controlled press is saying stuff like
North Korea's planning to denuclearize
and become quote a cradle of peace
they've actually said that they want to
become a cradle of peace so they've
completely changed their internal this
is the point it's their own internal
government controlled press preparing
the people of North Korea
for denuclearization what is the step
that Kim jong-un should do before any
serious actual physical denuclearization
he's got to prepare his people right so
he's got to make sure that his people
see this framed as a great victory in my
opinion this is a great victory
so if kim joon kim jonghwan reframes
giving up his nukes as a great victory
he's not lying that that would be as
truthful as anything could ever be in in
in this world personally I think Kim
jong-un should get a nuclear bomb not a
nuclear a a Nobel Prize or shared one if
he keeps going the direction he's going
and they they fully do denuclearize
because remember you know you can't get
there without him and he's not the one
who started the North Korean nuclear
program you could argue that that
whatever Kim jong-un does is harder
riskier braver than anything that
anybody else involved is doing including
president Trump so let's not leave Kim
jong-un and have any conversations about
a Nobel Peace Prize I know I know
dictator did lots of things that can't
be excused but one of the things that
the Nobel Prize tries to do is reward
people for moving in the right direction
so the Nobel Prize is not about what you
used to do it's not about that it's what
it's what you're doing now you know what
did you do recently are you moving in
the right direction right now and he is
as far as we can tell so there could be
something great I see it as a either
three or four away Nobel Prize and I
think that would be the best way to do
it assuming everything goes in the right
direction should be moon and Kim should
be in there Trump should be in there and
president is she because I don't think
you get there without
China no matter what that's my opinion
all right let's talk about James Woods
being suspended temporarily I guess from
Twitter for a meme that involved so it's
a joke meme that he passed around that
got him suspended and it shows three
twenty-something men with big smiles and
yeah I have to tell you this so you can
get why it's funny all right
so without knowing this you're not going
to get the joke so that's the only
reason I'm going to describe these three
men this way the phrase beta males were
somewhat easily be associated with the
the three been in the picture I'm not
saying they are I'm just saying that the
way the picture was taken the poses they
were in the clothes are wearing the you
know the smiles on their faces projects
sort of a beta male vibe which is the
heart of the joke what the joke was in
the the caption is said that the they
were planning to make the woman's vote
more important by not voting and it
acted like they were trying to start a
start a movement of Democrat males not
voting because if the men don't the
women's vote will be more important now
of course should be obvious to anybody
that if mend over time the Democrat side
the Democrats won't get anything so it
would be stupid as well as you know
submissive behavior so that's what's
funny about it it's not just weak men
the joke is that they're they're being
weak in a way that's not even useful to
anybody like it doesn't even help the
people that they're surrendering to in
this case so it's hilarious because it's
cruel and it you know insightful and
this weird way and it sort of matches
something you had in the back
give you a head which was what kind of
men are Democrats anyway lately you know
that historically Democrats were just
like everybody else but lately you know
what kind of a man joins the party that
doesn't like men so it hits all of those
points in your head that are that are
funny
and I laughed but here's the great part
of the story yeah at a kid so somebody
reminds me it was developed on 4chan I
believe that's the story and it's not
real okay so it's not a real movement
it's a joke a joke about a real movement
it's a joke about a movement and none of
its real
and Twitter suspended him for it looked
like the reason given on their little
official statement that you get is that
he was trying to influence the election
with fake information did you get that
and a Twitter band suspended him for a
while two days or whatever it is because
his meme was considered to be trying to
influence the election with fake news
basically now I love everything about
this I love everything about this story
the first thing I love is that in order
for that band to make sense you have to
think that it actually would influence
the election now do you think that that
meme would influence the election in
other words it wasn't just inaccurate
you know the joke part of it wasn't just
not true there is no movement of that
type
so that part the fact that it was untrue
fits
Twitter's criteria and it was about it
an election and if people believed it
was true it might influence the election
so let me give you my ruling did this
violate Twitter's stated and quite
reasonable Terms of Service which is you
shouldn't be
sending out lies - if - at least
intentionally you shouldn't
intentionally be making stuff up as
opposed to just being wrong or having
the wrong opinion you shouldn't be
making stuff up to influence an American
election and I think to myself that's a
reasonable rule you know I
you could you could argue that maybe
it'd be good if everybody could say
everything but on a private service you
know it's a private company it's not a
government company they would like to
standard in which if somebody just made
something up and it could actually
influence the election they would prefer
not to be the platform that does that
I'm gonna say that's fair right now you
do have a problem of maybe deserting
when somebody makes something up and
when they're and when is just wrong you
know that could be dicey that's why
humans are making the decisions not
machines there's gonna be a lot of gray
area but the general idea that you don't
want Twitter accidentally throwing an
election to the wrong person or just a
different person because somebody made a
good meme think about it would you want
your election determined by a really
good meme there was just false that just
made up I wouldn't so here's where I'm
gonna surprise you that meme it was
actually pretty powerful now even though
even though it's claimed that there was
a movement of you know men who are not
going to vote even though the claim was
transparently ridiculous would people
believe it let me ask you for most of us
the meme was transparently ridiculous
obviously a joke do you believe well at
all I'll put it in a percentage what
percentage of the public do you think
could see that meme and believe it was
true what person give me a percentage
what percentage of the public do you
think would not know that was just a
joke
I'll wait there's a little time lag
between your comments I'd say maybe 30%
somewhere in that range something like
30 percent of the country or the world
as I tell you over and over again
approximately 30 percent of the world
doesn't know a joke actually literally
doesn't no joke I'm not insulting them
it's this is not a criticism of them I'm
saying that humans are different we all
have different capabilities and in the
same way that I'm not good at
recognizing you know musical tones um
you know I actually have a gene that
makes me not good at that I had my DNA
tested and I'm not good at recognizing
in appreciating music and sure enough
that seems to be the case in my life
surely there are people who don't
recognize or appreciate humor and as a
professional humorist I guarantee you
that's true and it's a big chunk of the
public maybe a third that's my personal
estimate not based on science so if a
third of the people looked at that meme
and thought it was true could that an
influence an election my vote one who
has studied persuasion for decades wrote
a book on it I'm a professional
hypnotist here's my opinion yes yes that
meme was powerful enough that it could
move the dial it was and but not exactly
in the way that maybe your first guess
would be I don't think I think most
people wouldn't think it was real and
the people who thought it was real
would be influenced not necessarily in
the way you think what it would do is it
would make it harder for a man who did
not identify with those three guys in
the picture to vote Republican because a
man who thought well I'm you know
an independent thinker I'm a you know
I'm a rebel of a you know I'm an alpha
male whatever whatever these this group
of males are thinking if they're looking
at that meme they're gonna say I don't
want to be on that team they're gonna be
sad get me as far away from that as like
as as as you can't because it looks dumb
and weak and so some number of people
would actually be influenced by that
meme so here's my my final judgement on
it Twitter I believe and you know me
right you know I'm I don't hold back on
my criticisms of shadow banning or
anything I've been trying to be trying
to be as objective as possible and not
leap to conclusions without the evidence
but I haven't been shy about criticism
of social media in this specific case I
hate to tell you I think Twitter got it
right because this was a meme about
something that wasn't true and it would
have a flight it did have the power to
influence an election it was that good
and so basically this is just a comment
on how good the meme was so even though
it was not uh you know I think it was
made as a joke primarily but it doesn't
matter who intended it to be a joke if
somebody was likely to believe it and
that's guaranteed guaranteed some people
some percentage of the public guaranteed
would believe it alright that's also
what makes it funny it's funny because
it's close to that line of being
believable that's what makes it funny so
you guarantee that when you get close to
that line of wait a minute I'm not even
sure this is a joke is that real okay
this is joke and then you laugh that's
what makes it funny because it got right
up to the line I think what I think
Twitter has a defensible position even
if you would have done it a little
differently but they have guidelines the
guidelines are reasonable we don't want
people influencing elections you
that way by just making stuff up nobody
wants that and I think that they
followed their own process two days
suspension no big deal
right James Woods is not harmed in any
way but the the information that twitter
has this standard is now spread to the
rest of us right you and I didn't know
that Twitter had this kind of a standard
with this kind of a nuance that that
would be suspending somebody for two
days in this way we didn't know that
right we just found that out
so did Twitter come out ahead yes
they've now spread that message for a
wider is James Woods a victim not really
we're all talking about him right James
Woods lost nothing he had two days off
from Twitter they probably had to two
good days so nobody lost
they said they they supported a rule
that was kind of reasonable I think we'd
all like it if we can figure out you
know how not to get that a rule wrong
you wouldn't want to you don't want to
over apply it but it's a reasonable
standard all right let's move on there's
an interesting angle to the rosin the
rod Rosenstein story Rosenstein god I am
so lost at all the Feinstein's and
Rosenstein z-- is it ever steam or as
Noah Stein is it oh we started every
time I'm terrible with this anyway let's
call him rod so there's an angle to the
story that I haven't seen anybody talk
about and to me it's by far the most
important part of the story so here it
comes this is the most important part of
the rod Rosenstein story and one that I
don't think you've heard you've heard it
but you haven't figured out its
importance yet
so apparently Rosenstein said in his
denial non-denial about what he
allegedly said in the
so this this is all based on the New
York Times report that Rosenstein had at
least brainstormed about or spit balled
about the notion of the 25th amendment
which is removing the president from
office and that he talked about or joked
about you know wearing a wire or what do
you want me to do wear a wire but there
are reports some people say he was
joking and sarcastic some people think
he was serious I've weighed in and said
you know even yeah I as long as there
are people who say it was a joke and
they were in the room and it's more than
one person that leans very heavily
toward it was a joke or that he was
being sarcastic or angry or he was just
talking in a way you talk privately
that's different than the way you talk
publicly and it probably didn't mean
what what is reported to me but here's
the important part of the story would
you say the Rosenstein is not a friend
of the president right now you'd all
agree with that statement right if you
were gonna line people up on who's who's
kind of pro Trump and who is anti Trump
take away the the party affiliations
because there are Republicans who are
anti Trump as well but you take that
away his Rosenstein Pro Trump or on the
other camp I think you'd agree that
Rosenstein has been such a recipient of
Trump sawr wrath that there's no way in
the world
the Rosenstein could be biased sort of
personally biased in favor of the
president would you all agree with the
first point the Rosen Stein's bias if he
has any and he's a professional right so
he's a he's a professional whose very
job depends on removing bias from his
his actions but we're all human if he
has a biased you'd all agree I think
you'd all agree that it's anti Trump
maybe it wasn't before might might not
have been anti Trump before but right
now pretty anti Trump that's the first
part of the point here's the second part
of the point in his denial
non-denial he said and i don't have the
exact quote but it was something like
this I have never personally had an
interaction with the president they
would suggest the 25th amendment is
appropriate boom let that sink in for a
moment
rod Rosenstein somebody who's a
professional highly regarded highly
experienced tapped into the
administration has personal contact with
the president has seen him in action
professionally you know behind closed
doors and seen him up close has other
people that he knows really well who
deal with him up close doesn't like the
president has every reason to say bad
things about him because he's gonna get
fired anyway right you know what it rose
rod Rosen Stein say didn't see any
reason to consider the 25th amendment
that's the biggest story of this have
you seen that reported have you seen it
reported that probably the most credible
person in this entire administration for
that that question for that question
right because we know that he doesn't
have positive feelings about everything
about Trump we know that he's playing a
pretty you know pretty professionally
and pretty straight and somebody's
asking me what did you say again I don't
have the exact quote but it was he said
he was confirming that he had never
personally witnessed anything with
President Trump that would suggest the
25 2015 was appropriate the 25th
amendment is the one that the critics
are saying should be implemented it's
the one that basically says the
president has lost his mind or lost his
capabilities
so remember that was a serious concern a
serious attack by the opposition and now
the opposition has a you know a New York
Times report which gives everything a
little weight right gives it a lot of
weight even if it's wrong gives it
weight and that wrote rod Rosenstein the
most confirmed probable non friend of
the president who is probably gonna get
fired and probably knows it and probably
frickin hates the guy he is not willing
to say that he's seen anything that
would suggest the 25th amendment is
appropriate it's the biggest story have
you seen it reported has anybody seen
anybody say what I just told you because
it's a big freakin deal because that was
one of the main attacks against the
president and he just took a big bite
out of it alright let's talk about keith
Ellison
so the story on the right is that keith
Ellison has more more credible
accusations against them than Cavanaugh
and people are not taking the Ellison
accusations as seriously now I had not
seen the details of the Ellison
accusations until today so this morning
I saw the reproduction of the medical
report in which the girlfriend reported
quote emotional and physical abuse and
the report went on to say that there are
no physical injuries that they yeah that
they've at least seen or were reported
so no physical injuries bad breakup and
the and the patient tells the doctor
that there was an emotional and physical
abuse have I just described
70% 70% of all breakups emotional abuse
is what almost every angry ex says about
their husband because and and maybe it's
true I'm not even saying it's not true
I'm just saying it's unfortunately so
baked into the fabric of human
interaction that when people have a bad
breakup
they often both say the other was
emotionally abusive have I ever been in
a in a relationship that was emotionally
abusive have you let me ask the men here
so this is just for the men well no I'll
make this for everybody not male or
female here's the question
say yes or no have you been in an
emotionally abusive relationship ever
how many of you have been in an
emotionally abusive relationship so look
at the the yeses and noes I am in one
now somebody says and look at this these
are largely you seem these are all men
so far Wow
okay this is really shocking I wasn't
quite expecting this answer I mean I
thought it would lean this way there are
a lot of yeses on here
from the men so look how many how many
people routinely described their
relationship as emotionally abusive so
that's my first point describing a
relationship with an ex as emotionally
abusive is unfortunately routine so what
do we make of the fact that she
described it to her doctor unfortunately
no matter how bad it really was we don't
know the facts never can know the facts
on these things
it looks like background noise because
we've all been in that situation and we
didn't think we needed to get somebody
arrested
all right most of us have been in some
kind of situation like that and didn't
think it was a police matter
it just seemed like the fabric of life
sometimes it sucks sometimes it doesn't
now let's talk about the physical abuse
according to the medical records there
were there were no medical reports of
physical injuries only her talking about
it now what does an ex consider physical
abuse well it's probably a slightly
different standard than you might put on
it yourself if you were just watching it
and it was people you didn't know so I'm
not gonna I'm not going to excuse any
form of physical abuse so let me let me
bookmark this by saying nothing I say is
an excuse for any kind of physical
hands-on in any way not even a little
all right so no excuses here but it is
true that if somebody grabs somebody by
the arm and pulled them or push them
there first of all that could be working
in both directions it's very typical for
both men and women in heated reactions
to get a little handsy you know son like
the woman punches the guy over the back
of her hand there's a slap of a face
there's a there's a pulling somebody
from you're leaving or somebody tries to
run away in anger you grab their arm and
try to talk them back into it it's
pretty common for relationships to get
physical both ways in other words to
people who are not really expecting that
they're gonna hurt each other can still
put hands on you know if a woman hits a
much bigger man you know like she hit
some punches him in the arm or something
because she's mad she's not really
expecting to injure him
right if a man grabs a woman by the arm
because she's trying to walk away and he
just wants to talk sensing or let's say
you know she's walking away from the car
and she's not even gonna be safe it's a
bad decision shouldn't be grabbing
people so again I'll bookmark this by
saying not not excusing anybody for talk
for putting hands on anybody no excuses
I'm just saying it's common both ways
men and women put hands on without the
assumption that they're trying to hurt
them they're they're just acting a
little bit a little bit inappropriately
let's say so if somebody put hands on in
a relationship no matter which way it
went
male or female female to male would that
be called physical abuse absolutely
absolutely so physical abuse can include
physical actions that are not intended
to cause actual damage and do not cause
any damage or pain but by their nature
they can be they can be threatening
alright so it could be more assault like
than battery but it would still be
physical abuse so here's the thing in
that in a normal let's say high charge
relationship that's not going well is it
possible that both keith Ellison and the
accuser at any time put their hands on
each other is it possible if she had
ever pushed or slapped him knowing it
wouldn't hurt him right knowing it
wouldn't hurt him is it possible he ever
there he he ever you know grabbed her by
the shoulders to talk to her with no
intention of hurting her but still if
you're the bigger one that's
inappropriate because you're scary and
you know it's it's assault so no no
excuse of it I'm just saying that I
think when you see the the polls that
say only 5% of
Democratic women believe the accuser I
think they're putting the frame on it
that I just did which is you need a
little bit more than that to get into
the the credible zone so here's my
here's my bottom line on the keith
Ellison thing you're expecting me to
side with you because you want keith
Ellison to be more guilty or more
credibly accused than Cavanaugh I've
looked at both of them and I would say
neither of them meet the standard of
certainty and they're both well below it
so in each cases you have to take the
accuser seriously because that's the
only way our system works well I don't
think we should ever argue that nobody
does I don't think so you have to take
both the accusers seriously you have to
find out as much as you can you have to
let the process do what the process does
but if you're asking me if I think the
keith Ellison thing is a double standard
I say no it is not a double standard
these are two situations in which
there's enough of a gray area for people
to be on both sides of this thing
plenty of gray area so I don't know what
happened in either case I'm not I'm not
disputing what the accusers are saying
not even a little bit I'm just saying
that we can know they know what happened
but we can't know there's enough
credibility in the accusations that they
have to be taken seriously but probably
we'll never know alright let's talk
about Kavanagh and this this is probably
the thing that gets me kicked off
Twitter if I don't word it right there's
a story with him a story that nobody
wants to say
so and I there's a reason no one wants
to say it because if you say it you that
person who said that and you can never
take it back so I'm going to say it as
carefully as possible you know I'll just
take my chances with it right I'll start
by saying there's no way that I will
ever know and you will ever know what
happened with Cavanaugh and Ford or if
anything happened we'll never know if
anything happened or if something
happened what happened but we have to
take her accusations seriously so we'll
start with that it seems to me that the
way the information is trickling in
about how she's dealing with the
accusation you know when she did what
what she's agreeing to do were not
agreeing to do with the the Senate
investigation correct me if I'm wrong
and I think this is in large part her
attorneys problem okay here's here's how
I figured out how to say this without
getting in trouble I'm gonna blame her
attorneys you got that so you have to
get that part in order to get me off the
hook we're blaming the attorneys for
what I say now we're not gonna blame him
we're not going to blame the accuser
because especially if she's a genuine
victim like that would be the worst
thing you could ever do but you can't
blame you can blame her attorneys all
you want right they're professionals so
it's fair to go after the attorneys
that's where I'm gonna make a stark line
here don't know anything about the
accusers I don't know her I don't know
what she's thinking I don't know what
she has done
she's got a serious accusation we'll
give her her respect
but her handlers her attorneys and now
I'm just going to say it have framed her
as looking mentally unstable
that's the thing nobody wants to say
right so her attorneys are the ones who
really should be controlling how the
information flows they should be the
ones negotiating things that make sense
and when you most recently heard that
she had only agreed to testify if
Cavanaugh went first whose idea do you
think that was when you know it was so
we've heard that she she's afraid of
flying which is totally normal right
don't you know lots of people were
afraid of flying and they're they're
completely normal in every other way
they just won't fly right John Madden
wouldn't fly I've got a good friend just
you know it has to be drunk good to fly
so being afraid of flying totally normal
but you start throwing things in there
like that like well she was in couples
therapy doesn't mean anything you know
everybody goes to couples therapy but
then you throw in the you know that
doesn't like to fly then you throw in
the why didn't she mention things before
and then you throw in the you want
Kavanagh the accused to go first which
doesn't make sense in anybody's world
like unfortunately it just sounds like
something a crazy person told their
lawyer and the lawyer couldn't control
them but again a bright line here we
don't know anything about what Christine
Ford did or did not do we don't know
anything about her internal thoughts and
I'm making no judgment on them that's
very important I'm making a judgment
about her handlers and their lawyers
because they're they're the public face
of the of the accuser so they're there
and they're in charge of her reputation
the way she looks the way she's being
framed that's right that's their job
right
we haven't even heard from her so she
can't be doing it wrong we haven't even
heard from her
but her lawyers have painted a picture
of her or allowed a picture to form in
which she'll be in your comments have
you had this thought that there's
something not quite right and that
mental illness has to be thrown into the
the option set again I'll say it as many
times as I need to I'm not saying that
and I'm not suggesting that we should
have any kind of impression about the
accuser I'm talking about the the bad
job that her lawyers are doing because
they're creating a public impression
that doesn't look as it doesn't look as
normal as the public wants it to be I'm
not the first person to think this let
me tell you a story many of you have
heard this story before
I have a Canadian stalker so woman who
lives in Canada every few years she
comes off her meds I think that's what's
happening and she goes public on my
social media and has even called the
people I work with she called the
restaurants I owned and talked to the
managers and she tells them this story
so she tells it on social media and she
tells it she actually calls and talks in
person to people I know so the first
thing you need to know is this is
someone I've never met a complete
stranger somebody in Canada and tells
them that I've gone to her apartment in
Canada and I've rifled through it broken
into her home that I've hacked her
computer many times I think and that I
have physically abused her and maybe her
children I can't remember over a years
and that there are lots of examples and
details she tells the people I work with
well I had my restaurant manager call me
and say um there's a woman here who says
that you're a sexual abuser
and I said ah whoo now and she would
leave for a while on my blog she would
leave sometimes dozens and dozens of
message every day detailing all the
detailing all of my crimes and again
I've never even met her
I don't you know she's just a crazy
woman in Canada and you know I've gotten
the police involved to try to get her
family to get her back on her meds
because it's a medical problem it's not
a it's not a criminal problem now for me
it's a big-ass problem right look at the
size of the problem that caused for me
everybody I worked with and by the way
almost everybody they that she called
was a female manager so I have my my
syndication company it was very female
dominated most of the senior jobs were
women so the women that I work with that
I depend on you know the the high level
women that I work with all got a phone
call from someone who said I was a
serial physical abuser someone I never
met now this is case of pure mental
illness right this is there's nothing
else going on in this one and you've
seen that how many pictures are
available of me right it would be really
hard to confuse me with just somebody
else who showed up at your house I'm on
video all over the place and etc oh by
the way she also thought I was sending
her messages in all of my comics she
thought all the Dilbert comics were
messages to her and that they were
abusive messages so if you've never been
in my situation if you've never been the
subject of actually imagined crimes you
probably don't think that's a thing let
me ask you how many how many people
thought that what I just described
- you would even be possible that the
human mind could imagine an entire life
with me a well-known face somebody that
is easy to google you know you googled
my name it's the first one that comes up
hundreds if not thousands of pictures of
me I'm kind of hard to miss identify you
know what my voice sounds like you've
seen me you know in every possible way
but she didn't miss identify me and not
just once but over a course of years and
that's that's the what I'm trying to get
to is the breadth of different human
perceptions from pretty perceptive to
pretty crazy it's really vast so when I
look at like look at us at a situation
like the Cavanaugh situation I don't
have the same experience and filter
coming into it my experience and filter
especially as a hypnotist especially as
someone who's specifically studied false
memories someone who's written about
false memories
someone who's looked into the McMartin
preschool case which was a whole false
memory abuse situation my filter on it
is that the possibility I'm not saying
this happened I'm just saying the
possibility that a 35 year old
accusation from someone whose lawyers
not not the accuser but whose lawyers
and hind' lers are allowing her to be
framed as not normal whatever that means
right not not as we expect let's say I
don't say I'd like to say abnormal I'll
say not not these sort of typical
responses we'd expect it raises lots of
flags now and again I'll be as clear as
possible we don't know anything about
the accused and I have no reason to
assume that she's anything but in
sincere woman who believes her
accusation and is trying to do the right
thing so I want to say that again I have
no reason to think that the accuser is
anything but a good person who's trying
to do the right thing as she sees it
that's the assumption so she's innocent
until proven guilty just like everybody
else right so I'll give her them the
maximum benefit the doubt and I wouldn't
mind if the process got delayed a little
bit to look into her her claims I don't
think that's unreasonable but that you
know I think I think it's dangerous not
to include at least the perspective that
we don't know anything about her and
that the range of who she could be is
from totally legitimate to Canadian
stalker that that's the human range of
behavior and we don't know where she is
on that spectrum so if so if your
opinion is she's definitely here or
definitely on the other side those are
not supportable not supportable opinions
the only supportable opinion is that
she's somewhere on the scale and the
scale goes from totally legitimate to
batshit crazy if you don't accept that
that's the range of human behavior you
have not had the kind of experience I've
had
some people say you would mind the delay
you know the the the system needs to set
deadlines and if if the you know if the
Congress decide or the Senate decides to
go ahead and vote and they put him in
they can do that you know I wouldn't
have the I wouldn't have the biggest
problem in the world about it because
the accusations as I said yesterday the
accusations are not a legal question and
in my opinion because it would say
seventeen-year-old involved the accused
that even if something happened that's
just not the same person anymore
he's legally the same but there's no
legal obligation here nobody's
suggesting there is one so if he doesn't
make decisions the same way he would
have when he was 17 and who does that's
not even a thing
then he's we're really talking about a
different person for all practical
purposes so should 2018 Brett Kavanaugh
pay for the sins of 17 year old Brett
Kavanaugh who had a different brain and
you know was it a different time well if
he was 21 or if it was within the
statute of limitations absolutely yes if
we knew for sure that these acquisitions
were accusations were true should you
include it in your calculation about
whether you support him for a Supreme
Court sure yeah you have that right you
are completely entitled to prioritize
that any way you want all right that's
enough for now how is this periscope
give me some feedback
yeah I've heard some people say that
women are even more skeptical than men
about the accusers tucker carlson said
this last night you know just to further
the trouble he gets in doctors getting
in a lot of trouble lately from the
political correctness crowd
what about murderer Scott well if
somebody murdered somebody in a well
it's dumb to answer hypotheticals but
it's easy to imagine that if the murder
had been let's say a defensive one or
you know in the in the heat of the
moment or something in thirty five years
later there was not a whiff of any kind
of dangerous anything you'd have to ask
yourself how much that how much that
mattered so it's it's more about the
thirty five years of not exhibiting that
behavior that that is the the important
part on top of the fact that he was a
different person then if he was a
different person then but continued that
behavior well he's still kind of the
same person then that's different I
think it is fascinating so is this your
experience too I'll ask you the bias the
biased question is it your personal
experience there women trust women less
than men trust women is that a thing
thank you
yeah so what Tucker said was that
Tucker indicated that it's obvious that
women trust women less than men trust
women men actually trust women more than
women trust women yeah it was a slight
difference but he thought it was an
obvious difference in in real life you
know in in experience he thought it was
an obvious difference and I'm asking you
if you feel the same to me it's one of
those situations where a confirmation
bias could easily be driving how you
feel about that in my opinion I would
say that I trust men and women
differently I'll bet you do the same to
right there there are things I would
trust a man about and there are things I
would not trust a man about but it's a
different set of things and
circumstances than I would trust a woman
about or not trust a woman about so I
think we may be getting fooled by the
two domains right if you're in a
relationship you're usually dealing with
a woman who's in one kind of domains and
if you're dealing with friends or
coworkers you're dealing with men who
are in a different domain where are the
types of things you might lie about or
might care about or different so I think
it might be more of an illusion because
of the domains
Oh Tucker says that a week delay will
cause the Senate withdraw the nomination
can't they just read nominate him I
don't know what the rules are but it
feels like that's the sort of thing they
could work with but you know the other
thing they could do is just say you got
five days because the system requires
that and if in those five days we turn
up something that makes us say oh my god
we need more time then we'll decide them
but let's take five days and find out if
that's all we'll ever know if after five
days that's all you'll ever know then
you just go ahead with the vote if after
five days you find something new and it
matters you could make the decision then
whether to wait or go ahead so I would
definitely do there do the research as
much as possible in the time that you
have and so so let me give you an
example about when you trust women more
than men let's say you're going to get
together with a friend and the friend
could be a man or it could be a woman
and your friend says at the last minute
oh I got it I got a headache
and not feeling good I'm kind of tired
could we not get together and sort of
like an hour before you're supposed to
get together and you've made all your
plans
if a man says that that he's not feeling
good and can't get together are you more
or less likely to believe it than if a
woman says it that's the domain question
there so there that that would be an
example of sort of a social lie that you
would more likely I think most of you
would be biased and you say oh that
sounds more like a woman thing so that's
my point is that the trustworthiness of
men and women I think is distorted in
our minds by the fact that men and women
do socialized and different contact
in different ways in different
situations and and regular lives in
different situations as well all right I
think we've said enough I'm going to
sign off for now and I will talk to you
all later