[Music]
hey everybody this will be a short and
very special whiteboard
presentation in which I'm going to put
socialism and the debate over socialism
in the United States in context probably
for the first time you've ever seen it
now what inspired me to do this is that
I've been watching the so-called debate
over socialism let's say as expressed by
Bernie Sanders and AOC and others versus
the standard Trump Republican
conservative view of capitalism and it's
making me crazy because I'm watching two
people two sides who think they're in a
conversation but are not so there's an
an illusion of a debate but it's an
illusion because we're not even really
talking about the same things
somebody says hey we took uh economics
too all right here's what I'm watching
so if you got socialism in this bubble
and capitalism uh on the other we know
that capitalism gives us great stuff
like you know we associate it anyway
with democracy Freedom high standards of
living of course you can go too far with
your capitalism into into fascism but no
nobody wants that literally nobody's in
favor of that over here in socialism we
worry that
um historically it's been associated
with dictators and economic collapse in
Venezuela and genocide and and uh and
Hitler and everything else but in the
middle here is where you've got a little
bit of capitalism and a little bit of
socialism and that's where I would say
that the the UK with national health
insurance Canada with NA national health
insurance and then anything Bernie talks
about so if Bernie Sanders is talking
about it it's probably some version
socialism and here's what I'm noticing
if you if you talk to the people who
love capitalism and dislike socialism
tell me what's wrong with
socialism these people will say
socialism is bad because dictators
economic collapse genocide and of course
a lot of that has to do with a lack of
incentive right the big advantage of
capitalism is
incentive if you have a capitalist
system people are incented to work hard
if you take away their
incentive things devolve fairly quickly
into a bad situation not necessarily a
dictator but a bad
situation but here's the thing do the UK
and Canada still have
incentive I think they do I think if you
grow up in
Canada you know fact check me on this if
there are any Canadians out there if you
live in Canadia in Canada if you live in
Canada do you feel you have an incentive
to go to
work well of course you do cuz if the
only thing you have is free health care
or let's let's uh sweeten the pot if all
you have is free health care and let's
say uh you've got free college I'm not
suggesting these are good ideas right
now I'm just talking about the concepts
if you had those things would you still
have an incentive to go
work I think you would as evidenced by
the fact that the C has a functional
economy as does the
UK so when I see the people over here
saying no Bernie you can't have what you
want because we'll turn into this that's
not a sensible argument because we have
examples of people who have what birdie
wants us to have and they're not falling
apart but here's the
problem why is it that the UK and Canada
can have those things and yet we seem to
think we can't afford it here here
here's why because we have a huge
military if the United States did not
have an enormous
military could the UK and Canada have
what they have probably
not because if we didn't have a huge
military they would have to have one or
they may have already been conquered or
in a war with somebody else so because
we've put a priority on military
spending I suspect that that allows some
of the Free Riders to give free
healthcare so it's not really eer and
apples and oranges conversation the only
reason that they can do what Bernie
wants is because we spend so much on the
military now if they were to do what
president Trump suggests let's say the
NATO folks if they were to substantially
increase their spending so that we could
at least uh draw down our spending over
time
their economies might suffer a little
bit ours might be able to give us some
of the things that they enjoy now
there's of course the issue of whether
any of this is better than what we have
that's a separate issue but in terms of
why they can have these things and we
can't it's probably because of the
military and our military is so large
that we can protect them and they become
a little bit of Free
Riders now I tweeted around a quote of
mine from earlier which is the belief
that uh capitalism can get you what
socialism
wants faster than socialism can get
it so socialism you know the bad kind
where you've just get you got rid of
your you got rid of your capitalism and
you've got a top down centralized system
that's not going to get you what you
want just wanting it isn't going to get
you what you want either you need to
create a lot of money and you need a lot
of Ingenuity and you probably need
something that's closer to I'm going to
call it a a Mark Cuban way of
approaching it which is to look at it
sort of like an engineer and to say how
can you have a capitalist system that
can get you as close as possible to
inexpensive Universal healthare how can
you get as close as possible to having
some kind of lowcost or free college for
people who on it without without getting
into this left area that you don't want
to be and of course nobody wants to be
over here in fascism so all I wanted to
add to this
conversation is that when the people who
are in favor of capitalism and are
opposed to this when I say can you
explain why you're opposed to it they
can't now they say things and people
will say a lot of different arguments
but there's always something missing
it's as if the people who are dead set
on this side and dead set that this is
all bad don't really know why now it
could be that I'm also leaving stuff out
and so I'm going to put it to the public
because I have no sense of embarrassment
like normal people I might be totally
wrong about some major elements I might
be leaving some major thought out of
this but you'll tell me I'm sure you'll
tell me what I'm leaving out the
arguments that don't work are that if
you give people universal healthcare and
let's say free college you turn into a
dictatorship what that doesn't even make
sense did Canada turn into a
dictatorship you know did the UK turn
into a dictatorship because they have
universal healthcare what there's no
connecting tissue there the the other
argument I hear is it's going to be e
economic collapse and genocide but we
have plenty of examples where that's
clearly not
happening so I'm not supporting
socialism I'm I'm quite solidly a
capitalist solidly a capitalist don't
want my taxes to go up don't want to be
transferring money don't want to be
rewarding people for not
working I don't want any of that but I
also don't want to hear arguments that
don't have any connecting tissue
whatsoever so if you can't explain to me
why there are countries that are
thriving with some of these socialist
elements within a capitalist framework
if you can't explain it you need to work
harder you need to go back and figure
out what is my argument uh and let me
challenge you right now in the comments
in the comments uh tell me what is wrong
with socialism slippery slope in my new
book coming up I talk about this
slippery slope being a more of a mental
problem than a real a real problem that
is that we imagine that everything
that's heading in some direction will
keep going that direction forever but in
the real world there are always counter
forces so anything that goes too far
eventually causes a reaction and it and
it
stabilizes so the slippery slope is not
an actual argument it's a fear but it's
not a logical argument because just
because you don't know what would stop a
trend from happening doesn't suggest it
will keep happening because there's
always a counter force that pops
up
um we defend Canada that's true so that
was the argument that I just made that
because the US has a big military
presence countries that are have a
little bit of a socialist element to
them within the capitalist
context uh have an advant and they don't
have to have as big a
military it's based on force and
coercion is
it so the people who are forced and
coerced uh in Canada and England are
they
complaining you know we don't have to
wonder what happens can't we just look
at the country is doing it somebody says
I'm losing confidence in you all right
then I will ban you forever
you're blocked um I allow arguments I
allow facts and I I allow any kind of
disagreement so any kind of disagreement
you want to offer I'm open to it if it
comes with a
reason but but if I hear but for the but
when I see here so here's another one
that just says you're an idiot if if the
best you can
do is insult me personally
then you're banned forever all right if
you have a reason I'm open to it because
honestly I think there's there's
something missing in my analysis it
feels like it but I'm open to finding
out what that
[Music]
is
um Trump as a
counterforce well there are plenty of
counterforces all right so notice in the
comments a complete lack of
argument against socialis
[Music]
there's an explanation why we don't have
it which has to do with our military
protecting everybody else but that's not
an argument against socialism that's
just saying that there's a reason they
can have it and we
[Music]
can't uh Scott you need to uh read more
history wrong absolutely wrong I do not
need to read more history because that
comment suggests and again I won't read
your mind but it strongly suggests that
you're going to say socialism devolves
into these things nobody's making that
argument if the UK and Canada devolve
into genocide and dictatorships I'm
going to say to you whoa you're right
that universal healthcare turned Canada
into some kind of a genocidal dictator
situation but as long as Canada is doing
okay that argument doesn't doesn't work
um where does Universal basic income
fall on the graph Universal basic income
would probably be just to the left of
this line and the reason it's not
further into the line where you're just
paying people for nothing is that the
only people who are going to want this
Universal basic income should it ever
become a law are people who are not the
kind you want to hire anyway they're the
people who are AR going to help your
workplace and you either let them
die or you find some way to take care of
them and now many of them would have
mental problems and physical problems
and and real reasons that they can't
work so I'm not recommending Ubi I'm not
recommending socialism I'm not
recommending Universal healthc care or
free college I'm just talking about the
concepts here all right
um Canada and UK are going bankrupt
now that would be a fact that could be
checked I don't
know somebody says why aren't the
Caravans headed to
Venezuela because you're arguing this
which is not the conversation so anybody
who says socialism is bad because
Venezuela Venezuela is over here Bernie
is not suggesting let's have a
dictatorship it was the dictatorship and
nationalizing the the main sources of
income that wrecked Venezuela was it not
so was corruption dictatorship and and
nationalizing businesses there's nobody
recommending any of that stuff and if
they do that would be those would be bad
ideas but if you're arguing Venezuela
you're not in the conversation you're
not part of the conversation cuz
literally nobody in the United States is
suggesting that we become a dictatorship
and nationalized our biggest businesses
and uh Institute massive
corruption nobody suggests
that all right
[Music]
um the number one argument about against
socialism is freedom terrible argument
terrible argument yeah so the people
over here who love capitalism will say
even if you get into this range you've
given up freedom because you're being
taxed and you know maybe involuntarily
and you're told you can't have the
health care you want and you're being
forced to do stuff terrible argument
because you already live in a country in
which you are forced to do all manner of
things I mean you have to drive a
certain way you got to get a license for
this a tax for that you got to get
approved for this you got to get a
certified for that we're we have very
little real Freedom we have a very a
very restricted Freedom already we're
just used to it right I pretty much
guarantee you that if we had Universal
Health Care for a few years people would
complain about how they're forced to
have this and they'd rather have
something else 10 years later it would
just be what we do and we wouldn't even
notice so the the freedom uh argument is
very weak because it it imagines that
we're already free and we'll be giving
something up and the the truth is we're
not even close to free
we have some freedoms but we're not even
close to free you know we're restricted
in just about every field of human human
endeavor uh try parking wherever you
want see how that works out for you
um there are no more health insurance
companies now you could argue there are
dumb ways to do this and there are smart
ways to do it and that's a good
argument they parasite our Tech
development
that may be
true uh Sweden's another example
somebody's
saying somebody says I don't think you
know what socialism
is really I'm going to delete
you for saying I don't know what
socialism is cuz that is not a comment
that's a comment about
me uh
[Music]
um driving is very different than
freedom of Health Choice well duh I
guess that's what makes it an
analogy well in this case it's an
example I wouldn't say it's an analogy
it's an example of our many limited
freedoms so I wouldn't call it an
analogy per se
um yeah nobody's arguing that health
here is better in Canada I would
certainly not make that argument all
right that's all I needed to add for
today I wanted to see what your
responses were and I will talk to you
later