bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum Valentin if you
haven't heard this that is my mic my
opening music for my Paris coats I do it
myself
it's called hey everybody come on in
here we've got a very special and it'll
be kind of a short periscope one topic
if you didn't get enough of me this this
morning here's more of me all right I'd
like to introduce my special guest and
I'm gonna do a terrible job of correctly
pronouncing his last name I hope I hope
you'll bear with me it's Valentin or
Valentine preobrazhensky am i close yeah
okay okay so Valentine is CEO of La
token at La token calm a crypto exchange
which will be listing my startups token
the when on September 1st if you got a
little cheat notes here you can see so
you can see that the token will be
called the when and it's when knob is
the company the app that it's associated
with is the interface by when how back
to where you can instantly connect to
experts on all kinds of topics and the
expert can sign up create their own cost
and price and then it's just automatic
within the the app September 1st you'll
be able to buy our tokens on L a token
calm you can get them on one hub combo
go to la token calm on September 1st and
then September 20th you'll be able to
trade them if you don't know what any of
that means you're probably not involved
in the crypto world but we'll we'll try
to pull you along a little bit now
Valentine how long has la token calm
been up and running it's been over a
year right yes
so we launched it not looking as a
musician and exchange platform something
like one a year ago but this is based on
my Homer a quick
the marketplace which I was around in
for four years and also I added my way
coefficient risk management system for
my hedge fund which I developed for
seven years
so it's played to the long history of
the platform okay great and how many how
many crypto products do you handle on
your exchange right now so if somebody
had a a when token and they wanted to
exchange it for some other crypto what
are the big ones on there that they
could exchange in for oh there are more
than 100 tokens design new tokens and
our reagent also new asset classes
especially tokens link it to I said okay
and what are the most what are the most
popular points or tokens that are
already on the platform as Bitcoin
etherium sometimes there are points
which are kind of exceed by volume ah
classic of Bitcoin or theorem recently
but I also remember a theorem then the
coin was written for for a while okay so
the trick is looking for the community
in alternative tokens they are coming to
our platform because we are the number
one which change by liquidity in these
tokens and this is a value proposition
the biggest liquidity and that's why we
are the best place to launch a new token
right well and are you doing a tour of
Asia right now where are you right now
I'm in Jakarta so we are making our HR
wants these jail events we are looking
for our representatives our partnership
so we want to grow our user base they're
the only Queens if for moisture yeah
yeah I understand and I know you weren't
working in this specifically but we've
been working with your team and we've
set up some discounts so anybody who
thinks they might want to own one of my
startups crypto tokens called the when
WH en they're going to be deeply
discounted 40% between September 1st and
the 5th then it goes down to 30% for the
next five days then down to 20% and down
to 10% so those are the discounts the
sooner you get in the bigger your
discount now I should tell anybody who
has not been in this market before that
these are not investments per se so they
don't qualify it as investments they're
there it's a high risk kind of place to
put your money if you've diversified and
you've got enough money to put a small
portion of it in crypto you might want
to think of companies that are up and
running because a lot of the crypto
tokens that you can buy are just ideas
for companies so you'd be putting your
money into something that could only be
valuable if the idea comes to fruition
but we're well along we've got an actual
app that's in stores now it's up and
running many thousands of users and the
sooner you get em the sooner you can get
the discount now when they hit them when
they hit the market and and they're
freely traded in the regular market the
value can go up or down based on market
forces so just be aware of that so the
big dates Valentine are September 1st
you'll be anybody can buy the when on LA
token calm right sorry could you repeat
oh so I was just saying the dates that
I'm September 1st
people will be able to buy the when
token there are already lots of other
tokens that they can buy on on the
exchange yes if the date scared
schedule it for a launch of trajan Corn
Exchange yes oh the end of listing it
it's September Janet you know it shall
be listed September all right so
September first you can buy them on the
platform but September 20th will be the
first date that you can trade them for
other currencies as I yes so how many
how many people work on your team
Valentine sorry how many how many people
and 777 people it's a pretty big
enterprise yeah I know that some people
are gonna say the sound isn't great
because we have some little bit of
connection problems so we'll keep it
short and I want to want to value your
time is there anything you want to tell
tell the audience while you have them
here about La token so we are exchange
your focus it on the quiddity new tokens
and the asset classes so the target to
be number one by liquidity in eighty
percent of tokens on our platforms or if
you want to get one of these tokens you
would prefer to go to us because the
biggest immunities here and this is the
reason why it's best place to launch a
new token trade so now our platform we
are starting to add new asset classes
tokens is representing equity so we
describe turn private companies to
public now type you are
there are also venture funds can be
tokenized and tradable real estate and
so on and we are doing kyc and
qualification of investors in each
country accordingly to local regulation
so our goal is to make big audience or
qualified traders who can trade in
compliance with secured simulation
so envelops the dealership to market for
beef corporates ok great
Valentine we're going to keep it short
people like these these kinds of
periscopes to be short so I'm going to
say thank you and I'm going to sign off
now and thanks so much for joining us
over and over in Jakarta you said and
look forward looking forward to working
with you in the future thank you all
right bye-bye
so I saw a question come by that I
wanted to answer somebody said that
buying tokens they asked does that give
you equity in the company and the answer
is no but the reason that people buy
coins in a start-up is that the design
of the company in our case anyway just
talking about the interface by when hub
app if the demand for the the product
the interface app goes up and people are
using it or people are paying in crypto
then the demand for it goes up and that
in theory supply and demand will cause
the value of your a coin to go up so
it's a way to it's a way to make money
if the company makes money but not in an
equity way and not as a qualified
investment you so you should think of
these as more speculative and you should
think of them as something that you
would only diversify if you wanted to be
in the crypto area don't buy one of them
cuz it's very risky business you want to
buy a number of them and if you want to
lower your risk you want to stick to
companies that already have a product
down as we do that's all for now I'm
going to keep it short just wanted to
let you know that L a token calm spell
this way is where on September 1st
you'll be able to buy the web tokens
either just to hold or to use in the
product and on September 20th you'll be
able to trade them for other cryptos and
that's all for now and I will
talk to you later