pom pom pom pom oh I don't think I could
be in a better mood I'm sure you're in a
pretty good mood to the news is serving
up lots of entertainment isn't it but
you know you know what makes that
entertainment go down better coffee or
something like it oh we got things to
talk about today well before we do that
we've got to have the simultaneous sip
because that's how your day starts out
perfectly
you've heard of perfect conversations
well this is gonna be the perfect
simultaneous at trademark and all you
need to participate is a cup or a mug or
glass and sign the chalice integrity
that Armistice Cantina Grail the Goblet
defense'll of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like my coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better as if
the day could get any better seriously
come on join me now for the simultaneous
sip Oh delightful delightful so there
are some things happening in the news
it's one of the funniest news days of
all time now if you didn't see it where
have you been
but there's a there's a great video
going around of aoc doing a town hall
meeting and a member of the audience
gets up to ask a question and it's a
young woman who says she's very
concerned about climate change but she's
worried that we don't have enough time
to do what we need to stop it and the
only solution is gonna be to eat our
babies so maybe bomb Russia but
definitely eat the babies and she
revealed that she had a t-shirt eat the
babies now if he didn't see it here's
the funny part
AOC and the rest of the crowd couldn't
tell if she was a troll or if she meant
it now approximately a third of the
country have you ever heard that
estimate before one-third of the people
in this country and really one-third of
humans don't have a sense of humor and
don't know it it's the don't know apart
that's the funny part approximately I
saw somebody do a Twitter poll asking
how many people thought that the woman
was a real person who was maybe a little
distraught and how many thought she was
obviously a troll 38% obviously this is
not a scientific poll that's on Twitter
but 38% said they thought she was real
38% kind of close to one-third it's in
that neighborhood yeah about one-third
of people can't recognize a joke when
they see it they actually have to be
told by other people or they have to
listen to laughter or you have to have
some kind of cue to tell them it's a
joke now you probably think that the
first time you heard me say that because
I've been saying it for a while the
first time you heard it didn't you think
that was the biggest load of BS you
heard in your life didn't you say to
yourself one-third of the people in the
world can't recognize a joke Scott Scott
Scott that's crazy talk well I am a
professional humorist who's been doing
this for a number of decades and I
promise you one third of the public
doesn't have a sense of humor like
actually just doesn't have one let's
talk about this prank
now I'm gonna label it a prank because I
don't think there's a slightest chance
as anything else I recognized it
immediately the moment she said
something about eating babies I was like
Oh prank
let's see where this goes and then at
the end I noticed that people were sort
of not sure if they should take her
literally and I thought to myself best
day
ever haha best day ever now there's
somebody taking credit for the troll but
I don't believe them yet so I'm not
going to even mention that but let me
teach you something about a good
practical joke and I would I would call
this a practical joke you could call it
a troll but the best practical jokes
have a specific quality to them that
poorly playing jokes do not this one was
a thing of beauty because the the
essential quality of a good practical
joke a really high-level one you know
one that's that's really well thought
out is that the only person who will
believe the essence of the joke is the
target of the joke so of the best joke
is one that only somebody who was living
in their own little delusion could
possibly believe that the prank was
something real that's what makes a great
prank it has to be only invisible to the
target man did this prank kill that and
then on that dimension it's very clear
not only from the comments after the
event but what was happening during that
the people in the audience and aoc for a
while anyway and maybe she still
believes it couldn't tell they actually
couldn't tell if they had alarmed people
into being so afraid of the climate that
eating babies unded like a pretty good
idea now some of you know the Jonathan
Swift Modest Proposal history of this I
won't get into it you could you could
google it just google a modest proposal
and you'll you'll see some historical
precedent for this now this joke or
practical joke Wartrol did a lot more
than just make us laugh because it did
it also suggests a very productive way
to ask questions of people who are
concerned about climate change and are
in the political realm and here's the
quote here's the serious question
that the troll sort of makes us think of
and now it's in now it's in the public
mind and here's the serious question
hey AOC so this is not a troll this is a
serious question
AOC you said that you know we're all in
trouble and it's too late probably to do
anything about climate change you know
maybe it's too late maybe it's not but
here's my question what should I do as a
citizen to prepare for the climate
catastrophe
now besides voting besides being
politically active what can I do in my
actual personal life what should I do
with my investments what should I do
with my home what should I do with my
where I live you know all of my personal
big decisions what should I do
differently because climate change is
coming should I change my investments
should I move should I you know other
than recycling and voting and stuff what
I wish should I really do to prepare for
a calamity because if the answer is
nothing what does that say about the
risk and if the answer is not nothing
what exactly should they do let me give
you some examples wouldn't you invest
differently should you put your money in
Bitcoin sure I'm by the way none of this
is financial advice or anything like it
I'm just running through things that
could be said I'm not saying these are
good ideas just to be clear should you
take all your money out of the stock
market should you stop spending because
there'll be an economic meltdown and you
need everything you can keep exactly
what should you do to prepare now again
I'm not talking about plant a tree vote
for a Democrat you know form a you know
grassroots movement I'm not talking
about political stuff like what should I
do in my personal life
think about it how would you answer that
question it's a it's a devastating
question
here's another one a or C I hear what
you're saying about climate change and I
believe you I believe what you're saying
about the risks can you give us a sense
what is a bigger risk is it a bigger
risk to aggressively pursue the newer
safer types of nuclear power plants or
is it a bigger risk not to can you can
you lay that out for us now keep in mind
I believe that a or C has an economics
degree and I would love to see your
answer the question economically and
otherwise which is the bigger risk
because part of what you learn in
economics is comparing things and risk
management I'd like to see your answer
that question all right so to further my
point that one-third of the world does
not have a sense of humor I tweeted this
morning because of the AMC troll
situation I tweeted this exact sentence
I said is it true that a or C had Greta
thumb burg over for dinner now everybody
who heard of the you know the a was the
baby-eating troll should have known that
read-a-thon burg being a minor AOC
inviting her to dinner
obviously I'm making a reference to a or
C might eat her for dinner now
two-thirds of you are saying the Scott
why are you explaining that joke that
joke didn't need to be explained if you
knew about the a overseeing troll
situation why are you explaining it well
let me tell you read the comments under
that tweet from mostly conservatives and
Republicans and Trump supporters an
alarming number of people said hey I
think she's having her over to be eaten
as if that wasn't the joke they needed
to add the joke to the joke
so about a third of the people I don't
know I'm just guessing but a lot of
people maybe a third saw my joke which
they already knew the story about AOC
and the baby and I said a UC is a true a
UC as having greta thumbr go over for
dinner and they felt they needed to add
the joke because they didn't recognize
the joke they couldn't say it now don't
ever doubt me again when I tell you one
third of the country actually doesn't
have a sense of humor and I don't mean
that as an insult I mean it the same way
a lot of people don't have you know
can't hold a tune you know we're not all
born with exactly the same capability
it's the same way people you know some
people can tell the difference between
fine wine and some people can't
yeah there are all these minor skills
that we have they're not important
terribly I mean it's not like you know
you don't have to be institutionalized
if you don't have a sense of humor so
it's not it's not a big thing now I
tweeted the other day and I've got some
Dilbert comics running this week about
what I called the parody inversion point
where we actually can't tell the
difference anymore between a joke and
reality have you ever seen that more
clearly than this a or C baby-eating
think we're at the parody inversion
point a huge percentage of the public
maybe 1/3 can't tell can't tell
literally can't tell and there's no joke
here actually literally no joke can't
tell the difference between the joke and
reality any more than because they've
become so so similar all right
Fox News referred to the aoc baby eating
situation this way this is a quote from
the Fox News website a seemingly
troubled woman at a time who all hosted
by blah blah a osa the seemingly
troubled woman so they don't call it a
troll because well and and to be fair
this actually is a completely accurate
state
so the way Fox News reported it is a
hundred percent accurate and unless
they've actually tracked down the person
who was there and determined that it was
a joke all you could really say is that
she was seemingly troubled because that
was that was the image he was presenting
so that's a true statement she was
seemingly troubled but they don't get
into whether they think she was you know
lose control or not seem conspicuously
missing from the story let's talk about
the unemployment so we had a 50 year low
unemployment rate he's three point five
percent I want to introduce an idea
president Trump and by the way I don't
know that this is true but I'm gonna I'm
gonna guess that this is probably true
have we ever had our unemployment rate
and our GDP the same number in the
history of the of the United States now
we don't have it yet GDP I think is
maybe sub three but we know it can flirt
with 3.5 em alright our GDP could
certainly flirt with 3.5 our
unemployment rates down to three point
five has that ever happened as that ever
happened now people are worried about
recession especially before the election
you know so we're all talking about it
but here's a little brief lesson in
economics for you are you ready
unless you have a major shock coming
such as a war or something like you know
a bubble meltdown so if you have a big
economic bubble that's ready to burst or
you have something like a war or an oil
shortage something big like that you
know meteor strikes the earth well then
things can go bad and they can go bad
quickly but we don't seem to have
anything like that hanging over us right
now you
we've got more national debt than we
want but it doesn't seem like it's going
to crush us right away so here's
everything you need to know about
economics if your unemployment rate is
three point five percent you're great
you're great you can ignore almost
everything else you can ignore every
other indicator because you know those
indicators bounce back and forth and
they don't always tell you something
clean cleanly they they indicate things
and there are various variables that
might be conflicting and sometimes
they're in the same direction and
sometimes they're not but if you want to
know I if you want to really understand
economics there's just a few things you
need to know and one of them is when
unemployment is at 3.5% you're in great
shape and likely everything else will
eventually if not right away
is gonna it's gonna start ahead trending
any good directions that's amazing
The Joker movie is out does anybody care
I don't know who watches movies anymore
I think the long-form movie is I don't
know people are talking about it so I
might have to watch it at some point but
I don't know who could watch a two or
three hour movie our attention spans
have shrunk and the news is serving up
such great entertainment that's
different every day
but movies are all the same ok can I
describe the movie the Joker has an
ordered I've never seen the movie The
Joker has an origin story something bad
happened to him now he's a bad guy
and so he's cleverly gonna kill a lot of
people but the Batman stops him and
that's about it what why would you spend
two hours watching that even no matter
how well is made punchy De Niro is being
sued for some kind of sexual harassment
and discrimination who saw that coming
everybody
the the odds of dinero being sued by an
employee for sexual harassment and
discrimination seemed pretty high to me
there's another famous Hollywood
producer / director who I'm not gonna
name who is a famous anti-trump er and I
just keep telling myself I'm just
waiting for the that guy to get me to I
don't want to give a name gives that and
you know then I'm accusing something
something terrible but do you believe
there's any such thing as a top-level
Hollywood director who doesn't have some
me to stuff in the closet do you think
there is one even one I think there's a
little more me too and it's going to
come out in for the anti-trump errs and
they're not going to like it alright
let's talk about impeachment that's the
fun stuff right so I'm gonna be a little
contrarian here on impeachment
contrarian to what you're seeing in the
news I this morning I was looking at how
the president was handling things you
know he made a statement about China
you know doubling down and there's
nothing wrong with it a blah blah and of
course people were criticizing you've
been saying our president Trump stop
bringing up China you're making it worse
blah blah blah you're making it worse
and I'm sitting here thinking whoa
something's happened because suddenly
the president's communication approach
on impeachment just went weapons-grade
and I don't think it was before so in
the early the early moments after this
whole Ukraine phone call thing became a
story the president seemed correct me if
I'm wrong the president seemed a little
defensive more like the call was perfect
you know I didn't do anything wrong
didn't it feel defensive and I thought
to myself playing defense is not his
strong suit and then yesterday the
president stands in front of the entire
world and asked China
to look into Biden and I said to myself
there it is there it is I'll talk more
about that in a moment and at the same
time apparently the Trump administration
is thinking of pressing Pelosi to hold a
vote on impeachment she wasn't gonna
vote she was gonna sort of handle it
through you know committee rules and
stuff like that without a vote but if
you make the vote you put the Democrats
on record and you can hold it against
them during the general elector the next
election so the president went on not
just offense both full offense and I
said to myself what changed and because
his whoever is advising him now is
frickin nailing it now I don't think
that the press has quite figured out
what's going on now but he's nailing it
right now and and I just read the little
tidbit who knows how much of this is
true
this says that Jared Kushner and and
Mullaney Mulvaney are in charge of
impeachment strategy so Jared Kushner is
involved and Mulvaney who seems to be
very capable as well and suddenly the
president's impeachment game just
wouldn't weapons great coincidence is it
a coincidence when good advisers are
involved and suddenly you get good
results let me tell you why this is so
great the public doesn't know how to
understand this whole issue now you and
I may be we're following it because
we're sort of news nerds so some small
amount of the public might dig in enough
to form something like an independent
opinion but most of the country is not
going to have anything like an
independent legal opinion they're going
to look at people and one lawyer will
say one thing the others will say
another and they'll be like ah I don't
know
let me just retreat to my bias but if
you have a situation where the
president's being accused of
picha bull crimes or behavior let's not
call them crimes some people are calling
them crimes and you have the president
simply defending himself what does the
ignorant viewer conclude somebody's
charging him the are serious Congress is
charging him with horrible behavior and
he's defending himself what's that feel
like feels like was guilty right I mean
if you're if you're disposed to have a
bad feeling about the president you're
gonna say well you know currently Nancy
Pelosi held off for so long
she must have finally got a good reason
I don't quite understand the quid pro
stuff you know I I don't know what Biden
was doing and not a lawyer but I can
tell that Congress just went from not
serious to something that looked serious
and he seems to be defending himself
feels guilty that's where we were What's
it feel like today well it looks like
Trump is in the middle of doing doing
the grabbed the gun and turned it around
trick that he does so well do you
remember when fake news was a phrase
that was used against the president this
is still used against the president no
the president grabbed that gun and
turned it around and made it his own
right fake news became the biggest
weapon he's ever had very effectively
you know
lowering the credibility of the news so
that the attacks on him don't have the
same effect very effective now
do you remember when people were saying
hey president Trump it looks like you
went quid pro quo there with Ukraine and
you said to yourself AHA man that quid
pro quo thing that's quite an attack
against the president and then he
nicknamed Joe Biden quid pro Joe he took
the gun out of the hand turned it around
and now he's quid pro Joe
who's got the stronger claim all we're
talking about
Hunter Biden and Joe Biden quid pro Joe
he took the gun and he turned it around
now you say to yourself well sure that's
something you can do with words yeah you
can turn a word around you can turn a
nickname around sure not everybody could
do it but oh I'll give you that I'll
give you the president can turn a word
around but I'll tell you what the
president can't do nobodies this good no
president could be so good that he could
turn impeachment around but he is right
in front of you he is when the president
went on TV and said you know what not
only do I think Ukraine should look into
this what's China doing China you should
look into the Biden's too he didn't just
double down he tripled down he
quadrupled down by bringing China into
it now of course he doesn't expect China
to look into anything so there's no
seriousness to that to that it's a
political statement but let's say you're
watching TV you're the person who
doesn't have a legal opinion you're just
trying to sort this out if the president
asks guilty what do you think is
probably true well maybe there's
something there but if the president
says not only am I not guilty I showed
you the transcript and I'm gonna do it
again right in front of you
watch this China if you're listening to
me can you look into the Biden's did you
see that did everybody see that
I just did a legal thing right in front
of you it's not just legal it's
desirable it's not just something that's
technically okay
it's very desirable it's my job it's my
job to make sure that elections and
foreign interference are minimized
we have treaties with China and Ukraine
which spell out that they will cooperate
with us on on legal investigation and
type stuff we have an agreement
the president is using the existing laws
exactly as they were intended to be used
which his countries can talk to each
other and ask for help that's what the
law says what's his job to make sure
that we don't have foreign interference
that's the sitting president's job would
it be a problem if Biden had some
foreign you know blackmail potential and
then he got the he got the presidency of
course it'd be the biggest problem this
country ever had
does does I give the president the crew
sitting president a reason to look into
it that's his job so the first thing
that they're doing this brilliant is by
going right after it and quadrupling
down
he didn't just double down he quadrupled
down by bringing China into it that
completely changes how you feel about it
it's like well why would he do that
unless it's so legal that you could
shout it he can stand he can stand in
the public square and shout that he's
asking a foreign country to look into
Biden and say look I'm shouting it China
Ukraine look at me hey everybody look at
me I'm gonna do it right in front of you
again why cuz it's legal and because
it's my job and because it's a top
priority for the country is it also good
for his campaign of course but we allow
that our system allows him to do what's
good for getting reelected as long as
he's doing it's in public and as long as
it's also his job he meets all the tests
he's doing it transparently now I mean
he's released the transcript now it's
transparent and it is his job that's
sort of all you need to know so let's
say you're not a legal person you're not
following all the details how hard it is
that to understand it's so legal and so
part of his job he's gonna do it twice
three times if you count Russia and then
the best part
asking the Democrats to hold the vote
asking Pelosi to put it to a full vote
of
of the house so that they all get on
record this magnificent I might want to
swear because this is so beautiful like
in the persuasion and political way it's
beautiful
president Trump has done the impossible
he grabbed him Pietschmann and of
Pelosi's hand and turned it around and
he's shooting her in the leg with it see
what I did there he actually turned
impeachment into a weapon against Pelosi
and the entire Democratic Congress which
he's on the verge of flipping back to
Republican because of impeachment it's
really good now it's the framing that
makes it special because by going on
offense and saying yeah take a vote put
it up to a vote
he reframes it from something that's
good for a Pelosi of necessarily bad for
Trump into something that's good for
Trump and bad for Pelosi and it's not
even a stretch there will be plenty of
experts will come on and say you know
that's pretty good play mr. Trump that's
a pretty pretty good play every time I
say pretty pretty good I should credit
Larry David for that for that's that's
his say it's so catchy I use a lot but
it's not it's not me that's Larry David
say and so I say if Jared Kushner and
Mulvaney are part of this package of
persuasion perfection it's really
impressive it's super impressive
obviously it might be that you know the
play of the year it's so good it's like
crazy good now I don't think the news
will report it that way of course but
man is it fun to watch and and let me
ask you this
most of you I believe are Trump
supporters if you're watching this
periscope I personally don't have a
preference about whether Trump is
whether the house of votes to impeach
him because you know the Senate is going
to protect them we I think everybody
agrees on that so he's not going to be
out of a job but I kind of want them to
vote on it I kind of do
I mean I'm clearly a supporter of the
president but I would kind of like to
see the vote because he's the only
president you can imagine who wouldn't
be hurt by it you know certainly people
who said that Clinton wasn't hurt by it
but you know that was that was more in
the the very special case of you know
maybe caught it got more votes right
because people were mad about the system
being being over-applied so they they
sort of reacted with her funding with
their votes so you'll see that too with
Trump I think it just it's a winning
proposition for him
vote wise and energy wise and
fundraising wise it's just a whim but
beyond that he's he's making it look
like it was almost his idea I mean he's
almost turning impeachment into
something that was good for him that's
that's way beyond what Bill Clinton was
doing Bill Clinton just survived and you
know it was good that there was some
pushback on and that they helped him but
in trauma I think he found a way to
weaponize it you know more so than than
even Clinton all right definitely and
did you see that the Israel and the IDF
Israeli Defense Force they tweeted a
photoshopped picture of Iran's leaders
how many and rouhani the president so it
was a picture of them and then they
photoshopped in I think it was Lindsay
Lohan or something from the movie Mean
Girls there's some kind of Mean Girls
you know anniversary or something and so
they decided to call
Andrew honey the Mean Girls of the
Middle East and I thought to myself it's
pretty good it's pretty good let me tell
you why that's good a good nickname or a
good persuasive attack is one that
there's something about the target of
your attack that just fits and then it
makes you say oh yeah I wasn't really
thinking it but I was feeling it now you
put a name to it I'm thinking it harder
that's like a perfect attack when you
think of many and you think of like
what's he trying to accomplish and you
say to yourself alright best-case
scenario he thinks he's trying to spread
his Islamic Revolution the Iranian
Revolution he's trying to spread it but
it doesn't look like it has any chance
of working right so that almost doesn't
make sense it's like why is he trying to
do this that you know can't work you
can't really spread his you know
basically shrinking if anything things
are going very poorly in rent so it
doesn't really make sense why he's doing
what he's doing unless you just mean
have you seen a picture of how many
doesn't he look mean it just looks mean
it looks like a mean old man and so I
don't think that the reason he's doing
anything is because he's mean but it
looks that way because nothing else
makes sense if you try to figure it out
rationally it doesn't make any sense at
all he's been squarely pushed into like
a prison cell of irrationality because
unless Iran comes with comes to us
meaning us meaning the rest of the world
with some kind of an offer or a deal
that actually makes rational sense and
could be practical unless he does that
come up with a better reason for why
he's doing the opposite of that can you
think of any reason his motivation
because the Revolution is sort of over I
mean it's just not working or
is just shrinking every day their
economy shrinking their powers shrinking
because of the economic sanctions so
there is no explanation for how many
that makes sense to the observer and
then the IDF labels him as a mean girl
and I think to myself that's pretty good
it's pretty good because it does look
like he's mean and it does look like
he's employing the rationality of a
teenager I'm not going to say teenage
girl cuz that sexist but the Mean Girls
was about teenagers so he's a bad
rational as a teenager looks mean it's
pretty pretty good alright I got to stop
saying pretty pretty good Samsung has
decided to pull an in China now with
Samsung being South Korean company
they're pulling out of China and so it
begins
and so it begins the decoupling Dow in
this case it wouldn't be us decoupling
it would be an ally but that's just as
good I think you're going to see a lot
of decoupling let's talk about Aris so
as you know Carla Harris had been
tweeting that the president needs to be
kicked off of Twitter for his bad tweets
that I don't know whatever she's saying
about them it's ridiculous but I've said
it was a great play persuasion wise
because it did in fact get around the
news so who are we talking about
yesterday who's running for president
well Trump of course who else did we
talk about yesterday who was running for
president Buddha judge no Bernie no
except that he's in the huh still in the
hospital Biden all bad news all bad news
for Biden Elizabeth Warren I think she
was quoted a few times basically
non-existent oh yeah and then Harris so
her play to be a little bit provocative
rageous and to say something is clearly
wrong there is no chance that Jack
Dorsey is gonna kick Trump off of
Twitter for doing what he's done so far
I mean if he did something in the future
it's it's imaginable but at the moment
it's unimaginable but she got on TV and
she got her time and she got to say what
she wanted to say people saw her and
they didn't see somebody else so that's
a win but I was watching I was watching
her performance she did manage she was
interviewed by Jake Tapper owns you know
and Jake was pushing her and he pushed
her exactly right by saying you know if
the president you know did get kicked
off of Twitter
you'd have to kick half a Twitter off
because how could you really distinguish
the things he's saying from the things
40% of Twitter users say every day which
is exactly the right question right how
can you possibly make that distinction
now first Jake was getting to the heart
of the matter which is that this is not
a serious suggestion it's a political
suggestion and that was highlighted by
the question watching her answer the
question was painful because you could
tell she didn't have a belief in her own
opinion which is okay because it was a
political opinion just like Trump saying
hey China you should investigate Biden
there's some things you say in the
political season this shouldn't be taken
too seriously you still need to be able
to sell it man she did not sell that she
did not sell that at all now she did
give a serious demeanor and I don't know
if it's because there was nothing to
laugh at maybe she would have laughed if
it had been a different question but
Isis she doesn't look confident and I
also noticed she has helped me with the
with the terminology but I think she
does up talk and it goes like this well
example if you are confident you would
say something like China is a major
threat we're gonna do the following
things this is how we're gonna respond
to them all right that's a confident
sentence a non confident thing is
China's doing the things we're going to
need to respond to them I think we'll
have to get tougher if you if you up
talk in other words you almost turn your
statements into questions at the end
you don't sound confident and you don't
sound like a leader and when I watched
her answer the questions about why Trump
should be kicked off a Twitter I thought
it's called up speak is that what it's
called I thought to myself just state it
as a fact if you tried to sell this to
us don't up talk you don't say things
I'm paraphrasing these are not her words
but if you say things like well well the
way the president is talking I think we
need to look at it you know shouldn't we
maybe you know have Terms of Service and
maybe the Terms of Service because
they're a corporation and maybe
corporation should look at the way he's
talking so unpersuasive try this the
president's made several statements that
clearly cross the line into provocative
possibly danger behavior twitter should
look at that completely seriously and
they should make a decision now that's
why you would sound like if you're
trying to sound like a leader if you
were trying to not sound ridiculous when
she up talked something that she wasn't
even confident in and you know she
doesn't believe it because you don't
have to read her mind to know that
because it's not a serious kind of
suggestion to kick the president often
Twitter the whole thing seems so phony
and contrived that I'm not sure she won
by going on camera with that performance
but I felt like she was a little bit
better
so it did seem like even with the up
talk even with my criticisms I did think
she had made a noticeable improvement in
in her presentation now I may be looking
for it maybe it's something I'm
expecting so I may have some
confirmation bias sneaking in so let me
confess that I would be not a an
unbiased observer here but watchfulness
see if you can see that Harris's
demeanor starts getting more leisurely
maybe she starts to take out the uptalk
maybe you'll see some improvement and
maybe you can fact check me in to see if
I'm imagining the improvement all right
have you seen the picture of hunter
Biden lately there's one picture that
Fox News runs all the time and I don't
know if he looks the same in all the
pictures have you noticed how crooked
his smile is like actually there's one
side it's like super crooked and that
doesn't mean anything right
yeah the shape of your mouth does not
indicate your character or your criminal
past it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't do
any of that but it sure feels that way
if you're looking at that picture of
hunter Biden with that big crooked smile
you do not trust that face that is the
least trustworthy face in that one
picture I'm positive there were pictures
of him just looking perfectly Pleasant
and honest but the one the Fox News uses
wow what he looks crooked just the smile
it's just so off-putting oh the other
thing that Cobb Alerus did yesterday she
was doing some little town hall meeting
and she asked this question that she
thought she was going to get a different
answer for she said she asked if America
was ready for her to be President
now when you say that is America ready
for me as president what do you think
the audience is supposed to respond the
trouble is is ambiguous because your
first impression might be ya know the
world is not ready for you because
you're so awesome and honest I don't
think the world is ready for you
so she says she has her crowd if the
world if the country is ready to have
her as president and her supporters yell
no and then she does her her nervous
self laugh she goes yes yes yes they're
ready it was a an awkward cringe-worthy
moment but it wasn't quite what it
looked like you know I don't think the
audience was saying that that she's not
she's not the right fit for the country
they were just trying to imagine what
she wanted as the answer and they
guessed wrong but it was funny all right
that was what you said with Bill Maher I
don't know what you're talking about I'm
just looking at your comments so let me
tell you a funny awkward situation I'm
having right now which I might have a
resolution to it I'm going to be talking
and looking at my email to see if I have
a resolution to it sorry about that I
don't think I have an answer yet so
here's here's my awkward situation I'm
writing an article for The Wall Street
Journal for an opinion piece for The
Wall Street Journal might run Monday or
Tuesday and the Wall Street Journal
asked me to do a little art to go with
the article so I drew a little piece of
art in which there were two characters
and one character was talking to the
other and I will give you too much
information but it was in the poll
realm and then because it's a comic I
went to add the colors to the comic and
I hit a real problem because here's the
thing they're only two characters
they're talking to each other and and
they're you know sort of different sides
of things but how do you color them
there are only two of them if you have a
crowd then of course you put in as much
diversity as the art will allow and then
you're on the side of good right you got
some diversity in there but if you have
only two characters your only choices
are that they're that they're the same
which doesn't fly in today's world right
it wouldn't matter what what ethnicity
or gender they were if they were the
same people would say why is it two
women talking where's a guy or they
might say you know why are they both
white so you can't make them the same
because it's a political context and
because there are only two of them if
you try to make them diverse all that
would be as two different people and if
I do two different people and there's
some text and they're talking and
they're doing something one of them is
going to look like the bad one
accidentally so one of them will be
perceived by the audience as loja why'd
you make the brown one the bad one or
could be the opposite maybe someone
you'll say Oh Scott you you know flaky
social justice warrior you had to you
know you made one you know a person of
color but then you had to make the bad
one the white one right you idiot you
know why don't you just flip a coin or
something there's actually no right
answer there's no right answer
now I've suggested a solution and some
of you are probably ahead of me guessing
what that might be but I'm waiting for
with the Wall Street Journal I won't
mention names who I'm working with but
so I'm waiting for the wall Surgeon
General to
give me an opinion about the way I
handled it because it turns out it's
really hard it's really hard to handle
the public's expectations about humor
and also diversity because I'm I'm
completely on board with making art look
like the real world why wouldn't you and
everything about that makes sense but
it's hard to execute because you know
ten people are gonna look at it and have
ten different opinions one of them is
gonna going to complain and want you to
be kicked out of whatever you're doing
so I'll just tell you that there's
something that'll run in the Wall Street
Journal if all goes well early next week
and you should look at that and and
somebody's saying make them both blue I
will tell you that I thought about
making a blue one and a red one so that
you've got you know the two parties but
it didn't quite map into red blue and
that wasn't really the point I was
making it was more about that where
everybody's in their own world and and
the red one looked like a person of
color but to some people the blue one
would look like a person of color and I
would still have the same problem
because people would say well you made
the blue one who obviously is the person
of color do something that I interpret
as being dumb therefore you're racist so
you can't win with blue and red and then
I tried green making them both green and
then I couldn't figure out what to do
with the hair because if I made them
both green but if I made their hair I
just was a nice solution but you'll
you'll see what I did with it if if I
never get some papers you'll see what it
if a tree gets on the internet you'll
see what happens with it all right
that's all for now I'll talk to you
later bye for now