bump bump boom ba-ba-boom ba-ba oh hey
where is everybody get in here
we got stuff to talk about it's a
special afternoon version of coffee with
Scott Adams without the coffee yep were
going commando no coffee at all I hope
most of you have seen by now either live
or a clip of Kanye meeting the president
in the Oval Office with Jim Brown and a
lot of press and I just got to say wow
that was there was something amazing
about that I mean it was just flat-out
amazing
I don't even know where to start really
because you know on one level you could
say to yourself oh it's a celebrity
visiting the president
it's a photo-op it's a lot of nothing
well I don't think so I don't think that
was a lot of nothing let me tell you
what I saw
I saw a president who was pretty much in
favor of stop and frisk in Chicago and
then I saw Kanye who met with a bunch of
leaders the day before I think and got a
very strong message from them this stop
and frisk was a bad idea
Kanye comes into the Oval Office and
what does he do he paces he paces the
president he loves him he tells him he
loves him he hugs him in front of the
crowd he he tells him he calls him a
hero you know he rejects racism as even
a concept that should ever hold him back
Connie says I'm not going to be held
back by racism an amazing reframe of a
situation instead of instead of saying
is President Trump
racist yes or no Kanye just says I
reject those two choices
I say racism isn't good
hold me back from doing anything I want
to do and I thought to myself why didn't
anybody say that before that's like the
smartest thing I've ever heard
instead of saying is this other person a
racist you say about yourself am I going
to let racism hold me back
what an interesting way to put it
totally useful far more functional way
of thinking just a very productive
example they did it in person now once
he had paste the president he agreed
with him he flattered him I think he
means all that by the way he he loved
him he hugged him and that in front of
the cameras he disagreed with him
starkly like as much as you can disagree
don't do stop-and-frisk president wants
to do it what was the president's
reaction he was persuaded now we don't
know you know he may drift back to that
opinion later but it looked to me like
he has an ally in in both Jim Brown and
in Kanye and you wouldn't want to lose
that because it's a really good you know
opening I think Kanye persuaded him so
ask yourself which celebrity made a
difference all summer and you know
lately named another celebrity who
changed a policy just Kanye right okay
well here's another one Kim Kardashian
got somebody got somebody out of prison
all right so which celebrities are
Taylor Swift you're right let's not
forget Taylor Swift she asked people to
register to vote and apparently
thousands of people did so good on you
Taylor Swift it's kind of ironic that it
would be Taylor and Kanye the two most
influential people in politics how
perfect is that the simulation is
serving it up for us today isn't it but
now can now compare Kanye's productive
persuasive creative love based approach
and what did it get him probably
something pretty concrete which is it's
unlike I would say it's unlikely at this
point the stop and frisk will become the
Chicago policy as the president had
suggested it's a big deal now imagine
the let's say the Colin Kaepernick
approach the Colin Kaepernick approach
is pretty much you know you're a racist
I hate you I'm going to ruin my own
career and protest until you change now
everything about Colin Colin
Kaepernick's cause I think is valid
there's a great concern about the police
and the black community valid concern
and I've praised his effectiveness of
his protest because we're all talking
about it in fact Kanye is talking about
Colin Kaepernick and talking about
bringing the president together so no
matter what you want to say about Kappa
Kappa neck Kaepernick was very effective
because he made this issue he raised the
issue so A plus to Kaepernick for
raising the issue but he only could get
that far he hit a wall because his his
thinking was not quite as advanced as
Kanye's is right now Kanye is helping
pulling him across the finish line right
you see Kanye pulling as hard as a Kevin
I hope he's made contact with Kaepernick
at this point and I hope that Colin
Kaepernick is taking her seriously
because the thing the Kaepernick needed
and he he didn't seem to have right the
right tools and possibly just because
he's young right there there is an age
difference between Kaepernick was a
young guy 25 or something I don't know
what his ages and Kanye who's 40 Kanye's
lived five lives
he's been in different industries he's
been poor he's been rich he's been
famous but you know he's done a lot of
stuff so so column she's 29 somebody say
so that that's enough of an age gap that
it's not a surprise that Connie Aegis
has more facility in the world he just
knows how to navigate it better and so
you watched Kanye pace and then lead he
matched the president he loved him he
wore the Hat he paced him and then when
it was time to break with the
president's opinion the president smiled
and said I'm flexible
I'm willing to listen to ideas now
that's as close as you can get to I'm
not going to push this stop-and-frisk
stuff
I think Kanye closed the deal right in
front of us that's what it looked like
have you ever seen that have you ever
seen public figures and one change
somebody's mind while you are watching
in front of a hundred cameras I've never
seen that I believe that's done once you
know like once in the history of the
world
that just happened right in front of you
so to those who were saying hey what's
Kanye got he doesn't have you know the
details he doesn't have the you know the
historical background
Kanye read a book to all those people I
would just ask you to watch him watch
him in action just watch what he does
and if he keeps doing stuff as effective
as today it's a lot of stuff all right
and you have to treat that quite
seriously
I also loved the way President Trump was
just looking at Kanye when Kanye was
riffing
yeah when Kanye was doing his thing and
he was holding court
he was completely controlling the you
know the vibe he was he was bringing the
theater and you can see you can see the
president just sitting there I'm just
loving him it was like a total love fest
so I went about poor Jim Brown well to
his credit the president made sure
several times to call out Jim Brown and
to and to try to pair him with Kanye to
make sure that he didn't get lost
because apparently Jim Brown has been
quite what's the best word he's been
quite sincere and useful and you know
trying to be part of the solution for
some time now so the president has a
good good feeling about him and wanted
to make sure he elevated at the same
time so that was great I guess I'm a
little bit blown away by the whole thing
we'll see you see what happens after
they have their private lunch but in
terms of a public spectacle I don't know
if the pundits quite understand what
they saw what we just watched was
extraordinary and not just because two
famous people are interesting but they
they just demonstrated how to do this
citizens stuff right right Kanye just
gave you the best example you have ever
seen of had to be a citizen with the
most impact it was I know I it was sort
of a culture changing moment in my mind
we'll see if other people regard it that
way it's possible other people will look
at it and say at just a sideshow
you know bread and bread and circus and
stuff so maybe it will be dismissed but
in my opinion it's kind of a big deal
all right
I just wanted to get on and share that
with you because you may be thinking
about it at the moment
NBC MSNBC are laughing at it watch
here's something to look for watch the
way the haters treat this watch how they
talk about it you're gonna really learn
a lot about this just by watching how
they attack it I think you're going to
see a lot of people dismissing them
without reasons so let me give you an
example of the pundits who will be
dismissing this meeting and Kanye's
let's say seriousness and effectiveness
this is how they will do it what they
won't have is logic and reason but they
might have sarcasm and it goes like this
whole so Kanye meets the president I
guess all the problems are solved
everything's fixed now right yeah right
just cuz he met the president oh yeah
why don't we bring in all the
celebrities and just have them talk to
the president all the problems will be
solved people who don't I guess you
don't even need to read you don't even
need to read a book it's not necessary
to read books anymore because conni
doesn't read a book and he met the
president that's all you need to do so
and scene so watch oh here and here's
the other thing they will do it goes
like this
so anti-trump pundit what do you think
of the Kanye meeting with the president
followed by no reasons watch how often
the pundits just try to smile it sarcasm
it away you know joke it away but they
don't have any reason
just watch that it'll be fun to watch
because yeah I tell you I there are very
few things that I could enjoy as much as
watching Kanye
pistol-whip is critics with a smile you
know you're watching Kanye just
absolutely own his critics with just a
smile and you know he's doing it by
creating something that's an actual
change right in front of us when
everybody said you're not the guy to
make an actual change who are you what
actual change are you gonna bring you're
just a singer who make some sneakers and
then he doesn't write in front of you
and then what do you do alright so today
is just a fun day absolutely we're going
into the second of what I would call the
second of two best weeks this presidents
ever had it just feels like everything's
gonna start to line up and by the way
I've said this I've said this before
most of the time we've watched President
Trump he's been the the underdog who's
just trying to get respect you know he's
been the back of the pack but at the
last minute he barely barely wins sure
he wins but it's barely barely and then
he's right back in you know in the back
of the pack again and you know we don't
think he'll perform well but he creeps
up and so he's always coming from behind
but it feels like this week he is so
clearly on top that it's hard to say
he's coming from behind anymore and I
have a hypothesis that this president
would be the best frontrunner we've ever
seen as as well as he has performed from
behind as a back you know as a back
bencher who's trying to work his way to
the front as well as he did that and
history will record nobody ever did it
better as well as you did that you
haven't seen anything until you see him
as a front-runner somebody who's on top
because he gets funnier and he gets less
mean because yeah there's no reason to
be mean when you're winning so he's
going to be hilarious right so the
entertainment value of this president
went from a 10 to something that's going
to be like a 15 and I think the rallies
have been evidence of that you correct
me if I'm wrong by his his comedy
routine he does at the rallies is just
getting stronger and it looks like he's
more relaxed you know he's grown into
the job absolutely
and he's starting to enjoy it I think
all right that's enough for now I'll
talk to you tomorrow