hey everybody it's a very special
evening edition of coffee with Scott
Adams and featuring water what's wrong
with my label unlabeled water it's the
best so there's so much news that I had
to jump on right now and if you're on
your with me I hope you have a beverage
it doesn't need to be coffee it could be
water it could it be burek would be wine
but join me for the simultaneous evening
sip oh yeah that's good
good water so you probably have all seen
the clips now of the exciting meeting
between President Trump and Nancy Pelosi
and Chuck show issue were bickering
about the wall now the funniest thing
that came out of that meeting are the
Roger pence memes if you're only
following conservative social media you
may have missed it but there's some
pretty funny memes about Mike Pence
because apparently you look a little
sleepy there it wasn't he wasn't quite
engaged so they're comparing him to the
Alpha and the Shelf and some other stuff
so check that out so if you notice that
CNN if you check out C then they've
started to do this in this graphic image
of 16 faces that are Trump related
people who have had some kind of contact
with Russians and it fills the entire
the entire screen it's like 16 people
and the funny thing is there's not one
of those conversations that any of them
had the so far seems to mean anything
there's just a lot of people talk to
Russians it turns out so who knew that
if you're in the government Russian
Russians want to talk to you but I I'm
pretty sure that all 16 of them are male
which is interesting because as I've
been saying the parties are starting to
become divided on gender lines
so it's probably no coincidence that
they like to put up those 16 male faces
that probably plays pretty well now you
may have heard that Nancy Pelosi after
the meeting about the wall referred to
Trump's desire for the wall as something
about his quote manhood she actually
brought up unprompted Russia's need to
compensate for the size of his penis by
getting a wall at least that's the way
to interpret it and I thought to myself
hmm not really hiding the misandry at
this point I mean it's just pure anti
male stuff that couldn't possibly work
if had come you know for in the other
direction so so I I started the 48 hour
clock by Twitter and Nancy Pelosi has 48
hours just like everybody else it's the
same rule to either apologize for such a
sexist comment or to clarify in case we
already wrong maybe maybe that's not
what she meant
but I'm not expecting that to happen but
I it's kind of shocking that the one
thing that the Democrats like least
about this president is the one thing
they're willing to imitate why is it
that the only thing they dislike about
President Trump is the thing they're
most eager to imitate it's interesting
all right so one of the big stories on
CNN right now is that the timing of the
payments to stormy Daniel's and Karen
McDougal being as it was very close to
the election is strong evidence that the
President did it for election reasons so
real lawyers who get paid to be lawyers
are going on CNN and saying the timing
of it pretty much tells you it was for
election reason
because it was for right before the
election does anybody see a problem with
that does anybody see does anybody see a
hole in that that logic that you could
drive a very large truck through all
right so the the defense has been from
the beginning that it wasn't done just
for reputation reasons so in order for
it to be done exclusively for election
reasons and that's the important part if
it was done partly for personal reasons
but it also had a election benefit I
think you're in the clear because if you
get Botox and you're running for office
you know campaign doesn't pay for the
Botox but it looks like you can't pay
the expense right it's something that
you'd wanted to do personally hey I
think I'd like to get rid of these
wrinkles for my own reasons but no no
one would doubt that looking better
helps you win an election
so the the standard here is is there
something that is a is a reasonable
story for why it was done for personal
reasons now the president's story was
that it was for personal reasons protect
the family etc protect the reputation
the only problem with that say the
lawyers who were paid to be lawyers on
CNN well they're paid to be lawyers but
neither on CNN
they say the timing of it is the
giveaway to which I say even I could be
the lawyer to defend this case and I
don't know anything about the law it
goes like this what is the time you know
of all the campaign what is the time
that it is most likely going to happen
that somebody is going to dig up
something from your past and publicize
it why is the most likely time that
somebody would try to reveal this
information it's the same as the quote
 gate revelation right
the most likely time that your opponents
are going to try to bring up something
like this is the closer you get to the
election October in fact there is no
smarter month to do this than October
because until you get there
you didn't even it never really look
like Trump was gonna win anyway it
wasn't until about October when it
looked like he had a shot that's the
time you have the greatest reason to pay
off people who might spill the beans now
here's the thing you have two reasons to
do it at that time
one is the opponents will say it's
because of the election the other time
to do it is that that's when people are
most incented to embarrass you so if
your so if your intention was to keep
your family safe and keep the reputation
safe that's the time you're going to be
worried the most about your personal
life
so put me on that jury and I don't think
the president needs to worry yeah now my
understanding is that if it were a
criminal situation that somebody's gonna
have to know beyond beyond a shadow of a
doubt that he didn't care about his
family how do you prove somebody didn't
care about his family being hurt I've
never been to law school but if you put
me in a competition with somebody else
who's whose case requires me to prove
that my my family man defendant that
that he doesn't care about his family he
only wants to get elected he's not going
to win that case because everybody's
sitting in the in the jury box is going
to say to themselves well if that were
me I wouldn't want to hurt my family of
course he cares about protecting his
family of course yeah I've heard I've
heard her she would say that it it might
fit the
definition of a blackmail or extortion
but I don't think you even need that all
you think all you need is that from an
economic perspective and from every
other perspective it was it was most
likely a problem the closer you got to
the election that's all he needs he had
two good reasons and one of them was
personal that's all you need now I I
heard on CNN that Cohen may be willing
to testify that you know the President
did it for political reasons but here's
the thing Cohen is going to jail for
lying he is literally a famous liar you
know you might have asked yourself why
is it the Trump surrounds himself with
with liars and I'm thinking to myself
well if they ever have a story to tell
about you nobody's going to believe it
so it has that benefit I don't think
that's why it does it but yeah I
understand stormy Daniels has some legal
bills to pay
because of because of not prevailing in
court which is funny so stormy did not
seem to come out ahead of all this all
right
now let's talk about the negotiation for
shutting down the government this is one
of the funniest things you're ever going
to see so the the shut down the
government thing is sort of a game of
chicken you're trying to see who blinks
first now president Trump has wisely
wisely said he set the table for it and
he said yeah these are my words but this
is essentially what the president saying
if I get the money for the wall I win if
I don't get the money for the wall I
close down the government over the wall
and I win he only has two ways to win
and no way to lose Schumer
can only lose yeah he doesn't really
have schumer doesn't have a winning path
if he gives Trump the money well that
doesn't look like a win on his side but
if he closes down the government then
he's the guy who's closing the
government and punishing Americans to
protect illegals coming into the country
it's not really a strong position to be
to have and so the smartest thing that
Trump did is take away from them and
take away from the news cycle the idea
that closing the government would ever
look bad for Trump in fact you said he
wants to brand it the Trump shut down
it's like yeah this one's mine the last
was yours but this one's mine I will
close the government over border
security and the wall in particular and
I'm thinking that's probably the safest
position anybody ever took it in public
he has two ways to win no way to lose
now the other thing that Trump has going
for him is that his reputation and
indeed the reason his base voted for him
is that he's willing to go farther and
he's gonna be more of a badass take more
pain if necessary to get where he needs
to get the Democrats brand is if you're
negotiating let's say with China over
trade you don't want them to get mad so
you should surrender the Democrats
position on trade negotiations with
Canada if I recall were you don't want
them to get mad at you so you should
surrender I believe the Democrats
position on trade negotiations with
Mexico were we don't want to get them
mad so we should surrender I believe the
negotiations with South Korea and Japan
the Democrats position was trade wars
are bad we don't want to get them mad
we'd better surrender now they come into
this this negotiation with the President
of the United States
how can they be consistent with their
philosophy
the surrendering so you don't make the
other side mad is always the best way to
go I think they're going to have to
surrender to keep Trump from getting mad
because he might close down the
government and of course he will
now if they're smart they'll get some
kind of an agreement that says something
along the lines of it's not all wal if
the Democrats need something that looks
like a win or they can spin it as a win
even if it isn't so both sides need
something like a win and my guess is
that the win will look like
yeah maybe they'll throw in some daca
it's possible but I think they're just
gonna say we didn't fund the wall and
then the president will say we did fund
the wall I think that's the because
there's nothing to stop them from having
a completely 180 degree difference in
interpretation of what just happened it
would be exactly like every other news
story every news story we watch people
walk away thinking in an entirely
different thing happened than the other
side thinks why should this be different
all they have to do is Trump say he got
money for the wall humor say we gave
money for you know for border security
and we don't think it all needs to be a
wall now I don't see any way the
Democrats can win this it just doesn't
look winnable on their end there's going
to be something like walls getting built
and you know although Trump gets a lot
of pressure for not delivering on the
wall so his base and I think Ann Coulter
leads the pack of people who criticize
him every day for not having the wall
built but it's hard to watch him operate
in this context and not think that at
the very least he's putting it all out
there right he has not delivered the
wall for those who want it but it does
look like he's putting it all out there
he's not really yeah it looks like he's
leaving it all in the field and the
hilarious meeting today
with Schumer and Pelosi was sort of
classic Trump and one of the things that
he likes to do is bring the battle to
his home field ahead you notice that if
he's if he's debating you in public with
the cameras on that's his home field and
you can see Pelosi quickly realizing
that she had to that she had to shut
this down because this wasn't working
for them hey maybe we should negotiate
in private yeah
private now let's negotiate in private
to which I say who wins if one of you
says I can't talk about this in front of
the voters who wins that round if one of
them says how about more transparency
let's do it right here while the cameras
are running and it's a simple enough
topic that you actually could do it
right there you know so there's not a
lot of fact-checking you need to do and
one of them says no we shouldn't do this
in front of the voters who are paying us
now as I said before there are lots of
good reasons to not negotiate in public
that's that's not surprising but this
probably isn't one of them because the
public fully understands this topic and
I believe Pelosi is the one who said
let's not connect it to anything if they
had connected it to anything such as
daca I even I would have said hey maybe
you know maybe you shouldn't do this in
public because you need to do a little
trading under the hood you know I'll
give you a little bit of dacha
you give me a little bit of wall but
because Pelosi said we're not going to
connect the wall to anything the wall
has to stand on its own that's what made
it simple enough that you ought to do it
in public if you're really just going to
talk about the wall what is it that we
voters can't hear I can't think of
anything you know if you throw doc in
there than you have
behind closed doors but that's not
what's on the table right now so now I'm
seeing some of the social media comments
like Rob Reider saying that it looked to
him as if Schumer and Pelosi just ate
Trump's lunch they hate his lunch they
ripped him apart in that meeting now I'm
willing to bet that most of you watching
this periscope had exactly had exactly
the same kind of impression I did which
was nothing really happened but in terms
of positioning the president absolutely
won there was no real negotiating
happening so what the president one was
that he branded the shutdown as good for
him and his brand well that's pretty
good setup for what's to come he also
got got Pelosi to go full sexist and
question his manhood associated with the
wall that too is a victory for Trump
because he he caused her to get down in
the mud and really overshoot the mark
and then he offered to do it in public
he offered to do it right in front of
the voters right there and she said no
we can't do this in front of the people
who are our bosses the people who pay us
and like this we can't do it in front of
them who wins that round Trump so to me
it looked like from a negotiating
standpoint Trump had two and a half at
least major victories that came out of
that and she had none that I could see
but to rob reiner that looks like a
victory somebody said they thought it
was also about putting the GOP on
unnoticed to vote for the wall well I
think that's I think everybody's
following the issue so nobody really had
to be on notice did they yeah the the
news
was that the Google CEO said that Russia
paid a total of 47 hundred dollars to
Google to influence the elections and I
keep saying this I keep saying this but
if you're gonna compare explanations for
what was happening during the election
with Russia and interfering the the
thought that Putin and the KGB were
behind it and it was a high-level
national effort to destroy our election
that doesn't really match what happened
because what happened was it was not
even a half-assed effort it was about a
a one minute 256 acid method half-assed
would be way better than what they did I
don't believe anybody who actually
looked at the memes that Facebook passed
around or at least they had on the
platform if anybody looked at those
memes I don't know how they could
conclude that Russia the state and the
KGB had a brilliant plan to disrupt our
election based on that it Scott this is
so beneath you
we'll get rid of you so whoever thought
it was beneath me it doesn't have to
watch me now you're a smart man that can
be so dumb you don't have to watch it
blocked and by the way you've watched me
long enough you know that I don't mind
if somebody has a reason to push back
it's just the people who come on here
and say stop you're so dumb but I don't
have reasons I don't like what you said
it does not agree with what I said I've
said before but I don't know exactly
what's wrong with it but you sure are
dumb
blocked blocked now here's an example of
how I don't mind
a reasonable pushback happened today so
I had made the the point in an earlier
periscope that the skeptics of climate
change are always leave out the fact
that the problem is the rate of warming
not the fact that the world always
changes temperature so I made a big deal
about how if you're ignoring the real
argument that the rate of change is
what's changing not that it's just
getting warmer you know none of that and
then of course one person said but Scott
you're lying because you know why are
you leaving out the fact that the
temperature hasn't actually gone up to
which I say I'm not sure you want to die
on that hill because it does seem that
the the number of new high temperatures
is breaking records every year so it
does feel like the temperature's going
up at a high rate but so here's my point
somebody on Twitter I forget who pushed
back and said something very reasonable
that actually does counter my point to
some extent and they said you can't
really tell how fast or at what rate
things warmed in the past you can't tell
you can measure the things we're you
know relatively warmer or whatever but
since you're looking at you know these
eons apparently it's not easy to tell
how quickly anything went up in the past
so if you're saying the way things are
going up now is at a high rate but and
then if you've finished that and say
we've never seen high rates of increase
before we don't actually know that
apparently there's something about the
way we collect the information that's a
little more let's say it's a it's a
grocery picture you can't send the
details of something going up in a
hundred year period something like that
yeah the granularity isn't there so I
said that's actually a good sounding
point that I can't verify
or one way or the other but I asked for
a link and I'm perfectly open to looking
at that argument because it sounds
reasonable sounds like a reasonable
argument I just don't know if it's true
or false all right
is there anything else we need to talk
about I don't want to use up all my a
material before the morning because you
know we have to have coffee in the
morning
I'll probably have to repeat some of
this tomorrow all right anything else
Oh giggle yeah so I only watched a bit
of the the interrogation of the Google
CEO today but it didn't look like he was
doing well and it's not because he's not
good at what he does he does see him he
seems like really smart
you saw him seems like he's really you
know capable but the questions were just
so damning that it looked to me like he
was getting slaughtered but I don't
think it matters because I don't think
that the news carried much of it and if
you see any of it out of context you'll
see you know a little clip error there
it's not gonna probably make that much
difference to Google so something tells
me that although they did not really
have all the right answers that probably
nothing is going to change
so those of you who never get to see me
live this is for you yeah that the
$4,700 that Russia spent on Google to
influence the election was hilarious I
think all they spent on Facebook was
like a few tens of thousands something
like that and now compare the official
story again compare the official story
with the alternate explanation of the
Russian hacking thing did the troll farm
do this bad a job working for the KGB
which feels a little unusual or were
they a commercial enterprise which is
what they presented themselves to be
where people can go there and hire them
well we know that's true they were a
commercial enterprise where people can
go hire them now given that they did
some some memes that were anti-hillary
but far more memes that were yeah they
did some anti-hillary stuff but also
some pro-hillary stuff there was far
more anti-hillary than proud what is the
what is the best explanation of the
facts in evidence is is the best
explanation that this troll forum is so
bad at their job
that they accidentally made anti-hillary
memes and they were working for the KGB
in this top priority putin authorized a
scheme maybe I mean I've heard of bad
employees I write about them every day
but it doesn't seem likely that you that
somebody could say hey your job is to
make pro-trump a memes and then one of
the people hears it wrong and he goes
and makes and actually publishes a bunch
of anti-hillary memes is that really
what happened or was it a troll farm
that will take anybody's money and
somebody bought some anti-hillary memes
and somebody bought some anti-trump
means which is more likely given that
they were
commercial enterprise this sells their
time to do whoever pays them money all
right
oh yes the monopoly man was hilarious
that's one of the best political pranks
if you could call it that all right
China lowering tat tariffs on US
automakers well allegedly everything
about China is a wait-and-see I don't
believe that I don't believe that
they're gonna do most of what they say
just in general so I'm not gonna believe
anything about fentanyl from China until
until I hear that their table dealer has
been executed short of that I'm kind of
not gonna believe anything they say
because they know who's doing it they
know his name they know where he lives
he's very well known and if he's still
alive in six months we can say for sure
that China never meant to crack down on
defense all yea Canadian executive was
rested in China so China's putting the
putting the pressure on Canada and
here's a question that I have for you if
China holds this Canadian guy and you
hear that the charges against the
Canadian they're holding are obviously
just you know baloney and they just
grabbed him to use s pressure against
against the the person the Canada
grabbed this the C CFO would you ever
check would you ever travel to China
again if China grabbed a Canadian just
to hold them as a hostage to get
somebody back who who had committed a
pretty serious crime I would sure never
go to China not for business not for
anything
I definitely would not go to China now
the other day I made the accident of
buying something that was made in China
and it angered me because you know I I'm
not very Pro China at the moment my
son-in-law died from an overdose
and fentanyl China is the primary
primary pusher of fentanyl so I thought
to myself why isn't it more obvious when
things are made in China I would I would
definitely alter my behavior to buy
fewer Chinese goods if it were more
obvious to meet you when I shop maybe we
should have a law that if you're buying
on Amazon just to pick one example that
it has to say prominently whether it's
made in in any way
made in China now I think you'd have to
distinguish between American companies
that are using Chinese manufacturing
versus being an actual Chinese product
so maybe that matters you know it's
surprising enough that there's a law
that this says where it's made but why
can't it be more prominent prominent why
can't I know what is made in China so I
can avoid it that's just information
it's not it's not a government anything
because I'm pretty sure that American
consumers can get China to give us a
good trade deal because if I'm not happy
I'm gonna be looking at labels pretty
pretty extensively so my personal thing
is that I wouldn't deal with China under
the current conditions so it's not a
yeah I need to call it a boycott
it's just that China is an enemy of the
country at this point and it wouldn't
make sense to give money to your enemy
it doesn't make sense all right
[Music]
yeah so in most cases if you're buying
stuff in the store it's easy to read the
label what I'm suggesting is that if
you're buying stuff online they could
put that right in front of you and make
you make you actually make a decision
about whether you want to buy Chinese or
not I want it to be a decision it should
be a pop-up that just says you're buying
from China did you really mean to do
that
that's legal kind of a law that says
that just make sure that Americans know
they're giving their money to China all
right
I think that's all we need for now some
of you need to go to bed I see and and
to you I say good night and I'll
probably see you in the morning bye for
now