here in America and what are we thankful
for well all kinds of things but one of
them is coffee and you may have a
different favorite beverage and you can
enjoy it now thanks to a little thing I
invented it's called the simultaneous
sip those of you who have experienced it
know the joy the pure unbridled fun the
deliciousness of the simultaneous sip
it's even strong if you watch this in
replay still works just the same and all
you need to participate it doesn't take
much all you need is a cup or mug your
glasses sniff there's time chalice
tanker thermos flask canteen Grail
goblet vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid those of you who
have just water
that's the placebo but it'll do for now
get ready to join me in the simultaneous
it's the thing that makes everything
better at the dopamine hill of the day
go thank you
well last night I did a little
appearance on tucker carlson show i hope
some of you thought oh i see in the
comments some of you did and and there's
a big difference when you're on the
primetime probably the top-rated show I
don't know maybe Hannity is top-rated on
Fox a lot of people saw that I hope I
did not embarrass myself but either way
I don't care if I did embarrass myself
that's fine too
and also last night I did a an event at
the Commonwealth Club and I met many
simultaneous sippers there so if you are
one of them good to see you again thanks
for coming last night all right we got
lots to talk about there's this weird
thing happening in the news in which CNN
is accusing Republicans of believing the
only Ukraine interfered in our elections
in 2016 and it wasn't Russian have you
heard anybody say that because it's
being reported like it's you know a
well-known understood fact the
Republicans are saying that only Ukraine
interfered in election 2016 and not
Russia I've literally never heard that
have you I've heard people say they
don't know which is hard to claim at
this point because the the 60 minutes
piece about Russia Russia hacking seem
pretty pretty solid to me I mean it's
hard to tell you know anything could be
wrong but it looked pretty solid and I
would say that that's actually the first
time that I've seen reporting this
seemed convincing to me convincing that
Russia definitely was was behind the
hacking because it was so detailed up
until literally up until I replayed the
60 minute piece I was still on the side
of well could have been Russia but it
could have done somebody making it look
like Russia but when you see all the
details of what we know about it and we
know the specific people and all that it
looks like it wasn't but I've never
heard anybody say that it was only
Ukraine and it was never Russia I'm
pretty sure that's not real right but
but CNN's treating it like it is rayul
anyway that's normal have you all seen
the Bloomberg the Bloomberg announcement
video where's my phones I think I have
to I have to play it for you if you
don't mind and you see it might take me
a minute to find it here but totally
worth waiting for
except my phone stopped working damn it
work phone worked here we go
all right I'm gonna play it for you um I
hope it'll be loud enough and I want you
to see the energy that he puts into this
okay so you're gonna watch it for all of
his energy and one of the one of the
funniest comments to it I'll tell you in
advance was I forgot to write down who
made this comment on Twitter but under
the video has had fasten your seatbelt
so just remember that witty comment when
I play protecting women's and LGBTQ
rights supporting our veterans and
re-establishing America's place in the
world as a force for peace and stability
but more than plans I offer the
leadership to turn plans into reality to
roll up my sleeves to motivate our
country to unite and rebuild America and
make it fairer and better I'm ready to
get to work so let's get it on
protecting women's and LGBT I'm ready to
go to work so let's get it on
so fasten your seatbelt he's coming
Bloomberg's coming batten down the
hatches it's gonna be a high-energy no
it's not now I don't know if Bloomberg
would look so sleepy if we did not have
a president Trump who looks the opposite
I often talk about the power of a
contrast if Bloomberg were not running
against Trump I don't even know we'd
notice I mean it seems like all
politicians used to be sort of serious
Low Energy kind of people in the past
and we just didn't even notice but now
that you've got a little a little taste
of the Trump entertainment juggernaut
it's hard to imagine having a president
this boring I don't know if we could do
it similarly I told you before that it's
impossible for me to watch a movie
now in 2019 it's not just because the
movies are bad now because they are most
of them but they're too long and they're
not any longer than they used to be but
now it's intolerable because I've
shortened my attention span with Twitter
so now with Twitter I can have this
morning I probably had 50 different
unrelated interesting thoughts that I
read about on Twitter in maybe an hour
and you watch a movie and it's just like
okay I get it I get it the man and the
woman love each other yeah okay I get it
one of them's gonna die so you have to
show that they love each other
just tell me they love each other I
don't need to watch them talking love
talk over breakfast yes there Jake he's
making her a cup of coffee
I get it they're in love she's gonna die
he's gonna get really mad he'll get his
revenge
so movies are just intolerable because
you get the point and you're like I got
the point a long time ago just show me
the car chase will ya
all right so Bloomberg has no chance one
of the interesting aspects of the
Bloomberg presidency and again this is
another matchup problem Bloomberg has
reportedly I don't know if this help
confirmed this is but it sounds true
Bloomberg apparently has massive
business in China and he says China is
not a dictatorship now technically
technically is Bloomberg right that
China is not a dictatorship well I think
he was right until President she became
president for life right that sort of
changed things but until then I was
actually saying the same thing because
their system requires that the Communist
Party is backing their leader and if the
Communist Party you know the the elite
Communist Party don't back their leader
that leaders probably not going to last
very long
so it's not a democracy but it's closer
to something like no not a republic more
like a corporation it's more like a
corporation where if the CEO doesn't
have the support of the Board of
Directors he's got to go but as long as
the CEO is performing the board of
directors say well you can stay as long
as you want
so Bloomberg was sort of kinda
technically almost right about China not
being a dictatorship before but I think
once you name your leader president for
life you have to put into question
whether even the Communist Party in
China could remove him if they wanted to
and I imagine he's consolidated power by
now all right there's a report that the
new Star Wars script for the rise of
Skywalker was leaked on eBay somebody
put the script for the new Star Wars
movie on eBay and the they say it was
recovered prior to being sold is that
what happened was was it taken off of
ebay before it could be sold or or did
nobody bid on it oh you beat me to it
Monterey Jon I was going for the Big
Finish but you beat me to it and you're
common yeah maybe maybe nobody bid on
somebody says a promotional stunt
probably not I don't I don't think that
anybody would do a promotional stunt
where they intentionally put a script on
eBay that's that would be pretty far
outside of let's say the the creative
industries standard for a good behavior
that would be so far outside it that I
can't imagine it but I suppose anything
is possible I tweeted it around an
article from a super racist publication
called the route if you ever heard of it
so the route is I don't know how they
describe themselves but it's primarily
african-american writers writing about
racism and it's basically an anti white
websites all right I think I can say
that with complete sincerity so they do
not like their white people on the route
and I don't know how they stay in
business frankly because it's so
blatantly racist it's crazy but they do
they've come after me by the way so that
the route has targeted me with with a
hip piece in the past so that's my
opinion of the route it's racist it
shouldn't exist but I saw an article by
a writer named Michael Harriet I think
I'm pronouncing that correctly who was
writing about Peabody judge and I
thought oh this would be an interesting
shelter on what the black community you
released some of them think about
Peabody judge which is pretty important
so I thought I'm gonna read this article
and the reason that I tweeted it is just
because it was so well written and I
thought you would enjoy the technique
even if you disagreed with everything
the writer says you know I I think most
of you would have a little problem
buying into the writers main thesis but
here's what you want to look for in the
writing it is sensationally visual if
you can if you can write an article with
lots of visual elements where you're
describing them visually that's always
better and this is crazy visual it's so
if you don't know that rule you would
just know you liked it but you wouldn't
know why here's why it's visual it's
super visual it's like it's so good that
it's just one of the best examples I've
ever seen but there was one sentence in
it in particular oh and he also has a
story arc so if you don't finish it
you're gonna miss some of the magic a
lot of it actually so if you if you
start reading it and you bail out before
the
and you're gonna miss a lot of what
makes it special because it's got a big
finish like a really good finish so
here's the sentence that caused me to
retweet it I laughed when I read it and
I laughed for about ten minutes
afterwards to myself just because I
don't know sometimes the turn of a
phrase can be just so delicious that you
can't get it out of your head for a
while so I'll tell you what it is I'm
gonna read it to you so it's Michael
Harriet writing in the route and he's
talking about Peter Budaj and he's
quoting Buddha judge who when he was
running for mayor in 2011 was talking
about what could be done for the African
American community and he was talking
about education and the need for in
Buddha judge's opinion role models who
had made made good through education so
Buddha judge believes that if there were
more better role models who were taking
advantage of education and being
successful that minority made
neighborhoods would look at that and
they'd be more inclined to value
education and that would fix things
Michael Harriet has a different opinion
and he writes this sentence so he starts
with quoting Budaj and he says quote
kids need to see evidence that education
is going to work for them Buddha judge
explained Whitely that was the sentence
that got me Buddha judge explained
Whitely now hey you can dislike the
route and you can say to yourself hey
this this this seems a little racist I'm
not gonna argue any of those points
today I'm just gonna say that this
sentence is just sort of delicious that
he explained Whitely when he was running
for mayor I'll just finish it off here
so Buddha judge said you're motivated
because you believe that at the end of
your education there is a reward there's
a stable life there's a job and there
are a lot of kids especially in the
lower income minority neighborhoods who
literally just haven't seen it work
there isn't
they know personally who testifies to
the value of education do you know who
is the last person who made that point
to me an african-american pastor so the
last person who made exactly the same
point about one of the biggest problems
and the black inner cities especially is
very similar to what Buddha Jesus so
he's he's certainly compatible with what
some people in the African American
community you think I don't know what
percentage so I'm not arguing if that's
true or false because I don't have that
experience myself I'm just saying that
there's a disagreement anyway I read
that article was great when I tweeted it
around
I got a Twitter bitch-slapped by Paul
Graham if you recognize that name if if
you know the tech world you would
recognize that name Paul Graham a famous
investor I think he's probably a
billionaire but anyway he's quite famous
in the investing startup world and he
tweets at me he says either you believe
Buddha jej explained Whitely is great
writing the the phrase Buddha judge
explained Whitely is great writing or
you're lying
this is what Paul Graham the same to be
this morning on Twitter or you're lying
and it's hard to believe it's the former
so he so he's having a hard time
believing that I believe that the phrase
Buddha jej explained Whitely is great
writing so let me say as clearly as
possible Paul Graham I could never
invest in startups as well as you but
you could never write as well as me and
you could never write as well as Michael
Harriet either because that is great
writing it's provocative it it makes it
impossible to look away it's clever it's
subtle it's it's a visual - it's such a
good visual writing I can't get enough
of it anyway
Trump is donating his third quarter
salary of $100,000 to fight the opioid
crisis now of course $100,000 doesn't
buy you much in the fight against
opioids but I love the fact that Trump
is getting a double hit on his donating
his salary you know one is good that
he's donating it because he's a
billionaire so it's sort of just a good
look but secondly he's using it as as a
way to point out things that are
priorities so he's pointing out the
priority of fighting the iput opioid
crisis I like that so thank you
president Trump for donating your salary
that's not the big part but for calling
out the importance of the opioid crisis
a guy named Greg Sargent on Twitter says
and I love this for students of
cognitive dissonance this is a great
lesson here all right if you're trying
to understand cognitive dissonance it's
when there's something about a person's
worldview that doesn't work in other
words it doesn't explain what they're
observing so they have to paste together
a rationalization of their worldview
that to to an observer looks absurd it
looks like it doesn't make sense but to
the person saying it they actually
believe it because they had to fix their
their imperfect worldview with a little
spackle so greg sargent writes this
tweet he says there's a weird framing in
the media right now now the phrase weird
at framing is your first signal that
what follows is cognitive distance
because there's framing there's good
framing there's bad framing but is there
weird framing weird framing is the
signal that his worldview doesn't make
sense
because if it made sense he'd say oh
they're framing it wrong or they say
already say they're framing it right it
would be something like that
but to say it's weird framing is your
signal that his worldview doesn't make
sense so now he's going to go and the
cognitive
dissonance sets in and he describes what
he calls the weird framing and the media
quote has the impeachment inquiry and
then he emphasizes changed the minds of
any Republicans now he's saying that
when the when the press is asking that
question as the impeachment inquiry
changed the minds of any Republicans
that's weird framing and he goes on to
explain he says the problem with this is
it furthers the assumption the
Republicans are making an actual
good-faith evaluation of emerging
evidence so in other words he's saying
that asking if Republicans have changed
their mind is sort of a illegitimate or
ridiculous question because there's not
any any reason to believe that any
Republicans would ever change their mind
based on evidence does that sound like a
reasonable opinion to you so his only
hypothesis to explain the weird framing
he's saying so his worldview doesn't
make sense but he explains it away by
saying that the news is making a bad
assumption that Republicans can change
their mind based on evidence
now of course it is true that people
don't change their mind too much based
on evidence so that part's fair right I
say it all the time but it leaves out a
possibility here's and so I tweeted back
at him and I said another possibility is
that Democrats are hallucinating that a
credible argument for impeachment has
been made and that I said I didn't see
one so greg sargent starts with the
assumption that there was credible
arguments for impeachment and he sought
what he doesn't think is the possibility
is that we all watch the same thing and
many of us didn't see it we're looking
at the same thing I don't see it
the reason I don't see it is because
because all of this is making you think
past the sale and the sale is whether
the president was asking something
of Ukraine that was in the interest of
and the great interest of much of the
public so if the president was asking
Ukraine or even pressuring Ukraine with
any kind of leverage doesn't matter what
kind if the president was using any
leverage on Ukraine to get them to
investigate something that the public
wanted investigated and I think we did I
did probably many of you did you wanted
to know what's going on with Biden Dan
burr is now and if the answer is nothing
if the answer is there's nothing to see
here I do want to know that right away
as quickly as we could find out so
president Trump and his supporters I
think screwed the pooch on his defense
they should have stuck with he asked the
questions that the public wanted to know
and should want to know and he never
should've left that point but when
you've got people defending you or sort
of lawyers by experienced lawyers are
gonna lawyer and I think they they lured
him in the wrong direction persuasion
wise because they spent a lot of time
arguing about the details of stuff and
about whether it's impeachable you know
sufficiently a peach' ball whether the
quid pro quo was direct or just implied
as soon as you're arguing all that stuff
you've left behind the only question
that matters if it's true that the
president asked Ukraine to do what the
public wants him to ask to do or should
want them to ask or should want him to
ask then there's nothing else to say
that's the beginning in the end of the
story it wouldn't matter if it's also
good for him it would only matter if
he's doing his job the public wanted it
he asked for it that's his job arguing
that it was or was not quid pro quo or
what he said in the letter whether it
was a perfect letter who did what all of
that works against your argument because
the only argument that matters is was he
doing what the public wanted him to do
and was it legal yes it was legal yes
the public wanted him to do it and
here's the next part
was there another way to get there could
the president have let it happen that
say the Department of Justice level well
not if you have any experience in these
things if you have any experience with
big organizations any experience with
probably dealing with countries I'd
imagine that for something that big
that's a pretty big ask you need to get
the the president's approval and you
need to get him to say it if he doesn't
say it even his own people aren't going
to do it he and part of the reason for
having it a public statement is that
it's talking to the Ukraine it's not
just talking to the United States and
helping the president for his reelection
although it definitely does that it
would be helping the president of
Ukraine make sure that people understood
he wanted it so it could get get done
yes if they think he doesn't want it
they're not going to do it anyway
I saw Andy no NGO no I think I'm
pronouncing it right who was just banned
by Twitter I don't know how long but he
got banned by Twitter for saying I
wonder if I'll get banned for just
saying it
somebody says blah blah blah Scott said
Whitely so it got banned from Twitter
for arguing that transgender murders are
mostly committed by black men and I
thought to myself well if you can't
Banford I don't know if that's the
reason you got banned by the way because
Twitter is not that specific but I
thought to myself well that's the sort
of thing you don't want to say without a
little more explanation you know that's
one of those things you need to soften
with a little context because what he
said may or may not be true I have no
idea but you don't want to say it this
way the way he's saying it certainly
makes your antenna go up and say hey why
is he saying it like that so I don't
think that being banned from Twitter
appropriate for this comment my personal
opinion but I can certainly see how
someone else would take it differently
well I I can definitely see the other
side of this but I don't think it was
the right decision to ban him I assume
that it's temporary so it's no big deal
but he tweeted around in a separate
thing so this has nothing to do with
them getting banned he tweeted around a
study that showed that was talking about
people's feeling about their own ethnic
group and apparently apparently
conservatives like other ethnic groups
fine and they like their own ethnic
group so conservatives kind of like all
the ethnic groups according to this poll
but liberals like all the other ethnic
groups except the white liberals don't
like themselves so so white liberals
have actually a super negative opinion
of of white people and I suppose we knew
that but to see it on the graph was was
was kind of funny and shocking all right
I didn't realize there was so much
self-hatred and going on but apparently
there's a lot of it and here's the thing
I don't understand
how can anybody take pride in their
ethnicity why is that even a thing I
suppose I see it differently because I'm
sort of a mixture of different stuff now
in my case all the stuff that's my
mixture turns out to be all you know
white person stuff from Europe but I've
never identified with the country or a
specific ethnicity except for being
generically white I'm kind of a mutt
yeah somebody used the same word some
kind of a mutt so because I'm a mutt I
don't think I've ever had a strong
ethnic identification except for what
visually I am and when I see when I see
racists a
that you know yay white people invented
everything and I've said this before
what are the racist thinking because the
racist didn't invent anything like the
person who's actually saying hey white
people invented everything
well that racist didn't died he didn't
invent anything why is he taking credit
from what other people did cuz they
because they sort of looks similar
pigment tone you don't get credit for my
accomplishments I'm sorry I'm sorry all
racists if I succeed you don't get any
credit because you're also white how's
that work it doesn't make any sense that
racism isn't something you could agree
with or disagree with it doesn't make
any sense on the surface like what's it
even mean how do I get credit for what
other people did how does that work it's
not even a thing but likewise anybody
who's anybody who is saying good or bad
things about an entire ethnicity how
does that even make sense I've never
understood it because individual
differences are so tremendous I mean
there are great individual differences
within a family even if everybody is the
same stuff so I mean they're the
individual differences are so
overwhelming that I've never really
understood racism yeah as a concept I
just don't understand it I understand it
exists Tucker Carlson apparently said
when I wasn't paying attention cuz I was
on his show last night but I didn't
watch every minute of it because I was
traveling to and fro and apparently he
said that Michelle Obama might enter the
race and he had some good let's say
circumstantial evidence for it you know
including the fact that Obama is holding
back on his nomination or on his
endorsement she's got a new book out so
she'll be in the public she's got a
great reputation so there are a few
other things I'm gonna say no way so my
prediction just to put it out there is
no way miss Michelle Obama it gets into
the race but remember I said that about
Burtt I said Bloomberg's not so dumb
because he's gonna get into this race
because he can't you can't win but
somebody on Twitter said maybe his game
is simply to hurt Trump for the benefit
whoever whoever does get the primary
nomination so it might be that he's just
running because he'll get lots of anti
Trump attention and it will change the
mix of things but then last night when I
was at the Commonwealth Club my
interviewer / co-host if you want to I
don't know what the right name would be
but the person on the stage with me
Melissa Kane had had a theory that I
thought was pretty good so here's a
theory that you probably haven't heard
unless you were at the Commonwealth Club
in San Francisco last night for why
Bloomberg might be running even though
you and I can tell it's ridiculous
because he's not going to get elected
and it goes like this
Consultants make a lot of money if
they're working for a rich candidate
were there any really persuasive
consultants people who wanted to get
hired by Bloomberg to help his campaign
were there any very persuasive
consultants who convinced him it was a
good idea now I hate to be unkind to the
elderly but you can tell that like Joe
Biden Bloomberg has lost a step it's
kind of obvious when you see him talk
and it makes me wonder if he's sort of
reached an age where he can be let's say
unduly influenced by people who would
have a tremendous financial incentive to
do that
and I thought to myself thank you mark I
thought to myself how likely is that
that bloomberg simply got talked into it
by consultants who just wanted to get
paid to be to run his campaign and I
thought to myself what are political
consultants
persuasion experts if persuasion experts
can get you in a room and tell you you
should run for president are you gonna
leave the room thinking you shouldn't
they're literally persuasion experts
they run campaigns they know how to talk
people into things they know how to
frame things so I think that's actually
a pretty good hypothesis we may never
know the answer but let's throw that on
the list and I feel bad that I didn't it
didn't occur to me like when you hear it
you say oh yeah that's at least possible
all right Charlie Kirk has an
interesting article on Fox News website
you've heard the Democrats talking about
how they can chew gum they can walk and
chew gum at the same time and they're
talking about they can do this
impeachment stuff but at the same time
they can do their jobs in Congress is
there any evidence that that's true nope
all the evidence is that they can't walk
and chew gum in this context and charlie
kirk has a good article on that but he
calls out the USMC a as being an obvious
example the USMC a is something that
Democrats and Republicans like they both
like it and they can't get it done why
because they're busy is there any other
reason now it's not just busy they don't
want to give the president a win at the
same time they're trying to impeach him
so your impeachment process isn't going
to go as well if you're handing out wins
for the person you're trying to impeach
so is it true and this is what Charlie
Kirk says this is one of the synthesis
from his his article he says contrary to
their boot boasts the Democrats are
violently choking on their gum while
stumbling blindly toward defeat in the
twenty twenty elections violently
choking on their gum while stumbling
blindly toward defeat it's a good
sentence I probably would have gotten
rid of the adverbs but it's funny the
way it is all right
sooo let's say I think I've hit my high
points well let me check my notes
because I don't want you to go away
thinking there was something we should
have talked about and didn't I think we
hit it I think we hit it alright noon is
so there's some weird story about Devon
Nunez allegedly went to Ukraine but
apparently he didn't it's just another
fake news thing so he's suing some
people Tucker said Assad was innocent of
the gas attacks well there is a there is
a finding that says that right if you
recall fact check me on this I want to
check your memory most of you have been
watching my periscope for some time did
I not say that when the gas attacks in
Syria happened the very ones that the
president ended up sending missiles into
the Russian Airport did I not tell you
that that was probably faked I'll
believe it and here's why you should
think that's fake every time there's any
trouble in that part of the world
somebody's gonna stage a fake fake
disaster or fake death fake gas attack
and it's just basic you know I think you
saw that with the Kurds the Kurds had a
video of a mother holding her little
baby that was allegedly dead but
obviously was not dead so you should
expect you're always going to see the
fake ones even if there's a real one
you're still gonna see fake ones you
can't get enough okay yeah Anna Navarro
not getting suspended yeah so Anna
Navarro had the funny tweet about the
black vote
remember the rule I told you that you
can be offensive if you're also funny if
you're very funny you can be very
offensive and people will get that it's
more about the joke but if you're
offensive and you're trying to be funny
and you missed the funny part well then
you get kicked off a Twitter Anna
Navarro who is rabid anti-trump ur had a
very funny tweet which actually made me
laugh when she was talking about that so
there was a survey that showed 34% of
African Americans in the United States
support President Trump and there were
two separate polls I think it was
Emerson and Rasmussen and so we had a
Navarro tweeted that there was zero
chance that that was accurate unless
unless the poll was taken inside the
homes of what did she say inside the
homes of Kanye West Ben Carson and the
that this year the sheriff guy with a
hat the sheriff guy with a hat so if I'm
being fair yeah you know how often I
like to separate the technique from
whether I agree with the message so I
don't buy off on her message by her
tweet was actually kind of funny you
know the the sheriff guy with the hat
everybody knows who that is as hilarious
and yeah she threw diamond and silk
under the bus there too so but the fun
part of that is you could detect panic
imagine if you're a Democrat and you're
thinking oh I think I think we've got a
chance of beating him I think we can
beat Trump you know we just play our
cards right get the right candidate we
can beat Trump this time and then a poll
comes out to say that Trump has 34
percent african-american support you
know anything over 10 percent would
pretty much guarantee him a landslide
re-election
now I'm gonna agree with in and Navarro
here
and she said there's zero chance that
the poll was accurate I agree there is
zero chance that poll is accurate now I
do think the president's a black support
will be up but that's a lot and I think
it probably this is just speculation but
probably it had to do with the way the
question is asked because if you asked
are you gonna vote for Trump I think you
get a different answer
I don't think 34% of people are going to
vote for Trump but it wouldn't surprise
me if 34% look around at the country and
say you know I don't see any problems I
got a job you know employments good the
president keeps talking about black
issues he's talking about you know
prison reform yeah he seems he seems to
be doing good stuff so I'm not surprised
at all that 34 percent of African
American voters have a positive feeling
about Trump's you know Trump's
performance that should not surprise you
at all in fact it should be higher if
they're being objective which is hard to
do but I wouldn't translate that into
votes would not translate that into
votes
yeah and mayor Pete has just about zero
so the candidates we know can't win are
the ones who don't have black support by
now you would see it by now now I know
that Biden has sort of absorbed most of
it so maybe you have to wait for Biden
to leave the race before you can see how
it trickles down but I don't see Warren
getting it and I don't see Buddha judge
getting it and I don't see yang getting
it so you have to ask yourself who will
be left in the race who could also get
the black vote in a in a dominant way
you know not just majority but a really
super dominant way the way Hillary
Clinton could have or did really and
Obama did and I think there are not many
people there not many people in that
group Kamala Cory Booker and
probably Bernie I think Bernie if he got
the nomination could probably do all
right with the black vote does there's
no I don't think anybody's disliking
Bernie but if you look at a Bernie crowd
how many black people do you see in the
crowd that's sort of a do me a fact
check on that if you had a photo of a
Bernie Sanders event
let me call one up Bernie Sanders rally
so I'm just going to look at some images
when I searched for Bernie Sanders rally
and I'm just gonna blow up one of the
photos turn the sideways and I'll tell
you what I see so yeah you probably
can't see it I don't see any
african-american oh maybe one it's hard
to tell you know I'm not really good at
judging people's ethnicity just from the
photo but yeah of course you can't trust
the photos of the of who's behind the
candidate because those were actually
selected for for the visual effect so I
guess I can't tell from this you'd have
to see the larger crowd not the ones
behind the candidate because they're
selected for the camera but even when
Bernie had his commercial last election
it was a ward winning commercial room
where everybody was streaming toward the
ocean to hear Bernie I don't think there
were a lot of black people in that
picture so so maybe Bernie
anyway I'm sticking with my Kamala
Harris prediction because she's higher
in the polls and Cory Booker and
probably the only one who could lock
down the black vote she's actually
saying that somewhat directly now by
calling it the Obama coalition and
sooner or later the people in charge
over at the DNC
are gonna agree now remember I told you
that Harris has the second most
endorsements
I think Biden there's a binder war and
as the most and forget but she has the
second most but she has the most major
endorsements for a candidate who could
also win you know or at least win the
primary and make a good run at the
presidency so I'd say she's still
dangerous and I will point out again
they're her biggest problem was that
laughing like a like a little girl at
her own jokes and it looks like she
stopped doing it so we're gonna have to
give her a little more exposure on
camera for me to be sure that that's the
case but it looks like she's cleaned up
her game
yeah just her presentation game and if
that's true that's gonna make her a lot
harder to beat so keep an eye out for
that all right I will talk to you all
later