[Music]
hey everybody come on in here hello Kate
hello Tyler hello Jeremy shirona Mike
get on in here you know what time it is
and surprisingly there's a lot of news
for this close to
Christmas I was hoping our president
would not let us down and he would give
us some fresh meat to to chew on and he
did he threw us a good load of fresh
meat and if you check the uh if you
check CNN today you'll see that all all
of the president's legal
wos totally off the
page let's talk about that in a minute
after we enjoy the simultaneous zp
because this is coffee with Scott Adams
and if you are prepared you have your
cup your mug your glass your Stein
you're chalice and you're ready to lift
it to your lips to join me for the
simultaneous
sip oh that's good
stuff so yeah lots of stuff going on
today um if you literally look at CNN
the the page was covered with cooh and
this and Flynn this and legal Jeopardy
and the new Congress is going to sue to
him and it's lawyers lawyers lawyers
lawyers and the president just wiped all
of that out of the headlines with one
tweet maybe we should get out of
Syria gone there's no other story today
now here's the beauty of the Syria
story Beauty number one we the citizens
we the people do not know enough to have
a qualified
let's say a useful opinion about Syria
here are the things that I would want to
know in order to have a better sense of
whether this is a good idea or a bad
idea and I'll give you some
context let's say this were was a big
company let's say it was a Fortune 500
company and the CEO of this company is
Donald Trump and the CEO announces that
they're going to make some big change in
the company
doesn't matter what it is they're going
to add a new product they're going to
subtract a product they're going to uh
move a headquarters anything big what
percentage of the company including the
people who know the most you know the
people who are closer to the decision
how many of them support the CEO in any
big decision about a Fortune 500
company what percentage do you think
the the people saying 90 and 100% I
don't think you've ever worked at a big
company the people saying 50 and 20 and
40% and 30% you have worked at a big
company right so you're seeing more
reasonable estimates coming in so you
could you could tell the people who have
worked at big companies because the
people who are saying that half or fewer
are going to support the CEO no matter
what right half half or fewer are going
to say yeah that's a great idea CEO and
the other half or maybe more are going
to say I'm not so sure about this our
CEO is crazy he's impulsive he did not
listen to The Experts why is he not
listening to The Experts within the
company so the first context you have to
know is that the ordinary Business of
Being a CEO is making the hard decisions
and having often even the majority of
your company tell you it's the wrong
decision so when you see the president
president Trump make a decision about
Syria and then you read the news about
all of the top level people who know the
most about Syria and you see them saying
my God it's a
mistake the first thing you should tell
yourself is that's normal and it doesn't
tell you whether it's a mistake or not
because here's the other thing you learn
from watching CEOs in big businesses
they will make the unpopular
decision and sometimes it works out more
often than not the the problem that
everybody sees is not as big as people
thought more often than not people can
just figure it
out so the president brought it brought
the idea up about eight months ago and
everybody said no no no we can't do it
that quickly it's bad and so the
president like any CEO said then do it
in six months he waited 8 and now he's
saying all right I waited time to do it
and there's still people saying no no no
don't do it now who is
right and how would we
know you can you can listen to lots of
experts say it's a bad idea you can
listen to lindsy say it's a bad idea but
here's the things you don't know what
you don't know is that any of them are
playing bad cop you don't know because
Lindsey Graham could be playing a role
which is all right I'm going to make it
look like this is a hard for the
president to do and I'm going to oppose
him because that would give them the
greatest leverage in negotiating some
kind of a larger thing in the Middle
East that I'll talk about in a minute
so you can't necessarily trust that
Lindsey Graham is against the president
versus pretending to be against the
president because it would be the best
thing for him to do if if if Graham were
working with the president the best
thing for him to do would be to put a
strong front of opposing him because
then it looks like that whatever the
president is doing if he's doing it as
part of a larger negotiation it looks
like he's giving up more that the
president is is taking more personal
political risk because even his own team
isn't supporting him here all right so
you can't rule that out I'm not saying
that's the case perfectly reasonable to
assume that Lindsey Graham just
disagrees he's kind of a hawk on on
these places and they don't want to make
the same mistake that they made in Iraq
but the point is you can't know for
sure who's telling the truth and who's
playing a role because this is part of a
larger negotiation and everybody's
playing a role they're not just saying
what they believe in every
case the other thing we don't know is
apparently there are only
2,000 American troops in Syria do I have
that
right how much can you get done with
2,000
troops how much were they doing how much
of those 2,000 troops done in terms of
let's say on the ground com combat in
the past 6 months now if they're special
forces and they have air
support you can get a lot done right
2,000 people with American air support
that's that's going to take out pretty
much any nest of Isis you know it would
have to be an enormous
Force for you know those forces not to
be able to take them out but how much
have they done for the last 6 months
have you seen a report or will you see a
report when you turn on CNN today will
there be a report that says that of our
of our 2200
people um somebody saying closer to
5,000 but we'll
see so fact check me on that but of our
let's say few thousand of our few
thousand how many of them were fighting
troops and how many of them were support
cuz I would imagine that with 2,000
people there can't be more than
than 300 who are actually
combat 500 maybe somebody somebody help
me out if there's anybody who's got a
better sense of combat
Logistics is there kind of a 3:1 support
to 3:1 somebody say a 3:1
support for the people yeah so maybe
there were 300 to
500 actually firing weapons right so
here's the
question uh and then and then of the 300
to 500 who are firing
weapons how many how many clumps of them
were there you know how many were a
fighting unit that would go out and do a
specific mission is that um is it 50 in
a in a group so it's so it's five or 10
groups you know how how big is it if we
don't see that
reporting could you know exactly whether
it matters if we leave or not if if you
don't see today some kind of report that
says how many actual Fighters we had and
what they actually did for the last 6
months could you really know how
important it is to keep them there
versus
leaving can't really know um so that's
the first thing and I suspect that we
will not have good reporting on that
somebody's saying what an idiot I'll get
rid of
you
um
and all right so here's a few other
things we know or we don't know about
Syria the biggest thing we don't know
about
Syria is whether this is part of a
larger
conversation uh is it part of a uh a
grand deal for the Middle East and I'm
going to give you the the most
optimistic point of
view doesn't mean this is true but I'm
going to paint two two pictures and you
tell me if the facts fit picture one or
picture two better picture one is looks
like what CNN will report which by the
way is hilarious because the president
has made MSNBC and CNN and all of the
haters the president has made the
Democrats the pro warar party
so he's got all the Democrats because
they have to oppose whatever he
does arguing that we should keep our
military in another
country and you have the
Republican uh
Hawke that the person that the the the
Democrats were most worried about saying
why don't we get our troops out of this
other country we have no business there
so he's completely
reversed the the story there so that's
funny but here are the two let's call
them two movies so one of them is that
the president is as CNN will paint him a
big old impulsive dope who didn't ask
anybody in advance doesn't care about
the outcome um is not getting into the
details as much as he should has
disagreed with the experts disagreed
with Mattis and made a gigantic Mistake
by pulling people out too quickly so
that's that's one movie now do the facts
support that movie and the answer is yes
yes but the facts might support more
than one movie so it doesn't mean that
this one's true just because the facts
support it so the things we know are
that there will be lots of people who
say they don't they didn't like it that
I'm sure that will be in evidence we
probably will hear that there are people
who should have been consulted who
weren't at least not recently he's had 6
months to think about it so he's
probably talked to a lot of people in
the last 6 months about this topic but
maybe in the last week he didn't consult
anybody about making the decision so yes
the the the movie that says he's a big
old impulsive dope who didn't ask
anybody and he's making a giant mistake
definitely fits the
facts but of course we don't have all
the facts I'm just saying it fits the
facts that are in evidence by CNN and
the people who hate the president now is
there another movie that also fits the
facts
and there is and this one's interesting
in the other movie this is part of a
larger
strategy and let me just kind of tell
you all the picture all the pieces of
the puzzle and then it it might come
into focus in your
head the president if there's one thing
he's good at that even his critics would
say he's really good at knowing what
matters wouldn't you say that that's a
fair statement that even his biggest
critics would would guess that he's good
at knowing what matters especially to
matter matters to people's
psychology he knows what's important for
example in the economy he knew that
getting rid of some regulations and
working on jobs and getting our optimism
up would be good those were exactly the
the important things for him to be
working on um Etc so he's really good at
knowing what's important that's the
first thing so one movie that fits fits
all the facts uh is that he's working a
bigger play that there's just a bigger
play in the Middle East and what would
it look like if the Middle East were
shaping up for a grand
deal what what would be all of the
variables that would be swirling around
and starting to come into place well one
of them would be where does the US um
designate as the capital of uh Israel so
we've already gotten past the Jerusalem
is the capital of Israel decision now
part of the part of what the president
did there was he took it off the table
so instead of becoming a big thing to
negotiate he just said all right this is
no longer a negotiation this one got
settled and it did kind of get
settled so you would expect to see that
get settled if something bigger were
going to happen you would also expect
that Israel's
walls would be working in other words
the Israel Israel's strength and fate
would be more secure than ever so that
everybody who opposes them would say ah
let's there's just no point no matter
what we do to Israel every year they're
stronger every year it's harder to
attack every year we have less chance of
and that's the
case the other thing you'd want to see
is that the some of the Arab countries
that are traditionally anti-israel
whether officially or not
officially would start to move toward
Israel and away from the Palestinians
and away from uh Iran and sure enough
and there may be a factor that the jogi
death happened I think you'll see that
Saudi Arabia will be more
flexible because they need to kind of do
something good and there was a a report
that Saudi Arabia might um either take a
trip to Israel or get closer to
recognizing Israel Etc so you would
expect exactly that to be happening if
there if something good was shaping up
over
there the other thing you'd expect to
happen is that uh the Yemen conflict in
which Saudi Arabia and Iran are backing
different sides you would expect that
Yemen would have to be talking some kind
of a
pieace for anything good to happen in
the Middle East and indeed Yemen has
announced that they're they're planning
on peace talks and the US has pulled out
its air support uh and is putting some
pressure on Saudi Arabia to wrap
something up so you would expect to see
that happen happening if there was going
to be anything bigger happening in the
Middle East the other thing and maybe
the most important thing is that you
would expect to see um
Iran either either getting flexible or
pushed so hard that they will soon have
to be flexible and indeed we're seeing
that we're seeing that Iran is not
advancing on the
battlefield uh as far as I know and
we're seeing that Iran is getting bled
dry and its uh its economy is falling
apart its own population is starting to
rebel and and Iran is going to be
desperate if not
flexible so you would expect to see that
if things were about to go in the right
direction
so let's talk about Syria under any
scenario correct me if I'm wrong under
any scenario wasn't Russia going to own
Syria no matter
what and Russia working with Iran
perhaps may may be taking some
responsibility for Syria but was there
any
chance that Russia would leave its
control of Syria not really right there
there was no scenario in which we
thought that was going to happen so if
we get out of
Syria that leaves it to some say Russian
influence and Iranian influence
now of the two which one is safer for
Israel well Russia is safer so if you're
Israel you would want Russia to have
more control in Syria and you would want
Iran Iran to have
less if you were
Putin and the United States came to you
and said here's the
deal if you push Iran and of Syria for
us
we would really appreciate that and
we'll let you do it now I'm not saying
that that's the deal I'm just painting a
picture in which you can start to
imagine how everything is connected so
let's say there was uh some uh some
effort to to come up with a bigger deal
it would look like Russia getting its
way it would look like Russia having you
know its way in in Syria and the main
reason the main way that Russia could
have its way in Syria
would be if the US gets out and lets
Russia dominate Iran because of course
they would there I can't see a scenario
in which Russia would say you know you
know Iran is here too we love Iran Iran
is our Ally you know Iran why don't you
why don't you dominate some of Syria
with us I don't see that happening do
you I see Putin in increasing his
influence until Iran is not really part
of the Syrian deal except maybe sending
some money in or something so here's the
big thing to look
for look for what happens between Russia
and
Iran because if part of the conversation
about the US getting out of Syria
involves more Russia in
Syria then
probably Israel could maybe live with
that because Russia at least likes
Israel they don't they don't seem to
have any problem with each
other uh so I would look for
that
and I would argue that with the United
States pulling in ass Syria which
removes by the way a huge psychological
point of provocation if you're
aan let's say you're aan and behind
behind the scenes you're getting
flexible because you have to you've
noticed that Iran has not made a lot of
noise about we're going to build up our
nuclear weapons you haven't heard that
have you why is it that Iran who is not
shy is not waving his fist and saying
we're going to build up our nukes
because of your uh because of your
economic pressure on us they're sort of
quiet aren't they aren't they isn't Iran
sort of suspiciously
quiet makes it feel as if they're
actually talking to us doesn't it I feel
like they're talking behind the
scenes so if you were talking to Iran
and you were saying look Iran what we
want you to do is back off of Israel you
know back off of your support for your
proxies back off of your support for
suicide bombers back off in uh back off
in Yemen if we wanted to Iran to back
off on all those places we care about
what would they ask from us
what would they want from
us well they might want at the US
military to get an of Syria that might
be the main thing they wanted and if we
only had 2,000 troops there and if the
Russians were going to essentially take
care of business whether we whether
we're there or not it could be part of a
larger
conversation so don't be surprised if
you see Yemen negotiated to some kind of
a peace deal because Saudi Arabia has
pressure from us and Iran has pressure
from us and everybody else to make that
work so you might see Yemen negotiating
peace you might see Saudi Arabia
reaching out to Israel in a way they
never have before you might see
Iran uh being okay with backing off of
its support for Hezbollah and for some
of the anti-israel forces you might see
them making a deal to not build nukes so
that they could rebuild their
economy and you might see um Hamas being
isolated by everybody so you might see
um Hamas and the you know the anybody
who's in favor of terrorism over there
you might see them
isolated and it might look like a big
old deal now so now I've painted two
pictures
one of them imagines that President
Trump is a good
negotiator and that on his team is Jared
Kushner who has been working behind the
scenes for some something like a Middle
East deal now if I told you that Jared
Kushner has been working on something
for a long time that was very hard to to
get and he's working with President
Trump would you say to yourself hey that
te team can get get stuff
done well that team uh is the team that
got you prison
reform that seemed nearly impossible
before Kushner and Trump teamed up right
so we know that you know Jared plus the
president can get stuff done that didn't
look like it could be done we also saw
and I believe this is right that um
Jared Kushner was uh instrumental in
negotiating the deal with Mexico and
Canada so the new trade deal that was
probably pretty hard to do so we may
have two examples of where Jared Kushner
working quietly behind the scenes com
combined with President Trump's
instincts and and power can get
something done that it didn't look like
other people could get done did it seem
unusual to you that President Trump
would take take so much hate
uh for not going hard as Saudi Arabia
because of the choki thing
well you know we know that Jared Kushner
had had had I don't know if he still
does a good relationship with Prince
salon and it looked to me like the
president was trying to maintain that
for larger
reasons uh and
so the question I ask you which of these
two
movies fits the facts best movie number
one the president is an impulsive big
old dope who ignored all the experts and
made a hasty deal that will be a huge
mistake that does fit the facts the the
public facts right the real facts are
all below the surface and we don't have
access to them but what you're looking
at and what what will be reported in the
headlines is going to look a lot like
that right movie number two
Jared Kushner is very effective very
strategic and he plus the president are
an insanely good team for getting the
strategy right as well as the
persuasion and they've been working on a
Middle East deal we know that to be true
for a while and we know that the
president has protected Prince salon so
that tells me he's probably important to
something right he's protecting him
because he's important to something else
that part seems clear we know that Iran
is weakened we know that Yemen is
starting to talk we know that Israel
would not be abandoned by this President
right if you if you see Israel
complaining about the US pulling out
consider that that might be part of the
part of the plan that they can complain
so it doesn't look like the president
can easily do this you want want the
president to look like he's making a big
personal and political Sacrifice by
pulling out that's the look that gives
him the most um negotiating power
because then you can say to somebody
else look in order for me to pull
out I will actually risk losing the next
election that's how much risk I'm going
to put into this working out in the
Middle East then you can go to the other
leaders and say look the the most
important leader here
president Trump put his own career on
the line by pulling out of Syria now
step up you know he put his career on
the line um to support Saudi Arabia in a
time when frankly they didn't deserve it
they did not deserve our support but he
put his career on the line for a larger
a larger win so that puts pressure on
other leaders to to step up right is
Israel going to have to accept something
that maybe is less than what they wanted
probably probably to get something
bigger they're all going to have to step
up so
uh here's what I'd be looking for in the
next few months to confirm or not or
disconfirm the theory that the Syria
move is part of a larger you know chess
game and that would be some kind of
movement from
Iran so if you see
Iran start to get flexible that would
support the movie that the president
knows what he's doing he's working with
kusher there's actually a bigger
strategy and no he did not ask every
expert over there for the military
situation because it could be that
Putin's going to take care of it and and
our military would not love that at all
but I don't care I mean personally do
you care if Putin kills Isis or we kill
Isis or are the people we arm kill Isis
then then the next um I don't want to
forget this CU it's important but
there's the risk that uh turkey will go
after the Kurds that we've armed and who
have fought on our side for so long and
it would be a very bad form for the US
to abandon important Military Allies to
be slaughtered by turkey but
turkey is a NATO Ally
now we don't agree with them on a lot of
things but they are a NATO Ally do you
think that this President would abandon
the Kurds without having a deal worked
out with turkey now it might be that he
still needs to work that deal out and it
hasn't been finalized but it feels like
turkey well let me put it this way if we
pull out of Syria and turkey Slaughters
our allies what do you think this
President would do to them
turkey would be in a lot of trouble for
one thing we'd probably kick him out of
NATO I don't know if we can do that
unilaterally but probably could get
close to it so turkey would
have uh a horrible price to pay if we
pull out and they fill the vacuum and
Slaughter the people that we left or you
know try to take them over one way or
the other it would be they would have a
horrible price to pay Trump I think
would just crush them if they did that
because it would be a humanitarian
crisis it would be um sort of thing that
an ally shouldn't
do so they can't be our Ally if they do
that all right here's the next
Topic in a humorous news story a German
journalist for Dar Spiegel one of their
biggest
Publications uh who is also here's the
funny part he had been named in a prior
year the CNN journalist of the
year so the CNN named journalist of the
year who didn't work for CNN he was
another independent journalist but they
named him journalist of the year uh it's
it's been discovered that something like
17 out of 60 of his articles were just
totally made
up so CNN named as journalist of the
Year somebody who literally made up news
and you can't make up a story like that
well I guess well I guess that was a
funny thing to say apparently you can
make up a story like that because the
Jour the uh CNN's journalist of the year
made up stories like that that's what he
did 17 and a 60 of them were just
completely made up and he he would
pretend that there was a protagonist in
the story who you know was a gritty
little Survivor who made it through this
or that tragedy but it
uh it turns out he was just making it
all up or a lot of it all right so
that's funny the other thing that's
funny is uh Alexandra Octavio
Cortez uh did not like an article in
Politico about her and so she tweeted
her her criticisms pretty you know very
sharp criticisms about
the fake news
media she complained that the sources
were all secret sources and and she
implied that they were
inaccurate now here's what's funny about
that number one is it fair for her to
attack the media for this story and the
answer is yeah it's totally fair right
is there anybody who disagrees with her
for saying that the
media is inaccurate and their secret
source are not credible I think we all
agree with that right the funny part is
that for the past 3 years we've been
hearing that to criticize the media is
to be a
dictator so we're having this weird uh
upside down World
situation where uh Trump is a dictator
for criticizing the press and then
literally the opposite Trump like
Alexandria Octavia Cortez is like she
has she has a lot of the persuasion
power she's good at that but in terms of
politics and you know which side she's
on she's the opposite so if you can be a
if criticizing the Press makes you Sim
simultaneously a dictator but also the
opposite of a
dictator what does that mean about your
worldview or let me put it in my two
movie um
frame if your movie was that Trump is a
dictator and one to correct me if I'm
wrong wasn't the number one piece of
evidence for Trump being a dictator is
that he attacked the media am I wrong
about that fact check me I believe the
number one piece of evidence is that he
attacked the
media and I've said there are two
explanations for that one of them is
that that he's a big old dictator uh who
is attacking the media cuz the first
thing you do if you're a dictator is
attack the media right and I do agree
that dictators attack the media so that
is a real thing but there was another
explanation which I have been presenting
for a while and that other explanation
is this what if the media deserves the
criticism why do we act as if that's
that's not one of the
options because if the med I is an
honest purveyor of news that just makes
some mistakes now and then it would be
very inappropriate for the president of
the United States to criticize likewise
it would be very inappropriate for an
elected Congress person even a freshman
to criticize the Press if they were
honest Brokers of fact even if they made
some
mistakes but I've suggested that our
press is nothing like that anymore it
used to be
but today the Press is all about
clickbait it's about supporting a side
it's about being on a team in such a
world where the Press is really just on
a team they're not really objective
reporters of facts
anymore under that circumstances is it
valid for a sitting president to
criticize them hell yes not only is it
valid it would be a dereliction of Duty
for the president of the United States
to not criticize the media the way it's
currently constructed their current
business model requires them to chase um
to chase exaggerated stories and to
chase rumors and to chase things that
don't matter but may might make the
other team look bad so for the president
to criticize
that is the most valid thing I could
ever think of and that is now
demonstrated by the fact that uh AOC as
we call
Alexandra Octavia
Cortez watching her do the same thing
for exactly the same reasons validates
my movie my movie said no the problem
here is not the president criticizing
the media the problem is that the media
has never been this bad at least in our
in our modern times they've never been
this bad so they do deserve
criticism I am
justified so my movie has proved out now
let's say you're in the other movie
let's say you're in the movie that says
the president is a big old
dictator who can't get anything done
he's
incompetent and he's a racist so so that
was the movie that half the country has
been under right incompetent dictator
racist right what has happened this week
well the racist thing's having a little
problem because it turns out that both
Democrats and Republicans really really
want strong border control they want to
call it different things but they're
basically in complete agreement so if
you were criticizing the president for
wanting strong border
control what happens to your worldview
when the Democrats come out and
repeatedly say no no we want strong
border control too we just want a
slightly different technology to get
there so doesn't the whole the president
is a racist because he wants to be
strong On the Border kind of go to hell
when the Democrats take his exact
position they just differ on the
technology because it wasn't the
technology that made him her racist
there was nobody who said you know that
president wants strong border control
that part doesn't bother me the problem
is that he would use a wall instead of a
fence it's the a wall that makes it
racist nobody said that it was always
about controlling the Border as well as
you could was the racist part so the
Democrats have now fully
embraced the president's position
they've only disagreed on what to call
that thing is it a wall is it a fence or
is it as I call it a w we'll talk about
that in a minute so that story had to be
very confusing for the people who said
he was a racist when their best piece of
evidence for it is the same thing that
their team is doing and nobody can
dispute that next um we saw prison
reform something that Republicans have
stopped forever but the Trump
Administration managed to push it
through even on CNN yesterday and this
it was wonderful to watch actually I'm
watching CNN and the most
anti-trump pundits including bill bagala
you know one of the most anti-trump
people in the world said let me just say
this I'm paraphrasing him he said let me
just say this I'm you know huge critic
of the president every know everybody
knows that but on this on this one thing
prison reform the president nailed it
the president gets the credit even when
so far as to say yes Jared Kushner was
you know critical to this but it's still
the president who gets the credit all
right that was a very generous thing to
say from one of the president's biggest
critics and other pundits were saying
the same they even went so far as to say
that there's something about this
president that made that possible in a u
Nixon goes to China way because the
president was such a strong on crime
personality it allowed him to negotiate
in a way that other Republicans couldn't
get away with so the crime bill I think
everybody would agree um is primarily
going to benefit um or at least
disproportionately will benefit the
African-American and other minority
communities so how do you hold the frame
that you have the most racist president
ever who just did the most Human Rights
Act we've seen since since when uh let
me let me put this to you historians and
fact Checkers if you were to look at the
history of Human Rights There Was You
know the end of slavery there was the
Civil Rights Act you know these are the
big things and then there have been
other things that that have moved the
ball forward name name some what was the
last thing that happened that was this
big in terms of Civil Rights was it was
it Lynden
Johnson is that the was that the
last big thing
that the government
did a gay
marriage um okay if you throw that in I
was thinking specifically of ethnicity
so I wasn't thinking of gender or
lgbtq I was thinking just of ethnicity
for a
moment it seems that this President just
got behind the single
biggest civil rights um legislation it
wasn't called that of course but the
prison reform is a huge civil rights
thing now Doc DACA also would be and we
know that the president would negotiate
at least on that if he had a chance all
right so you've got that working against
the narrative but here's the other one
the other one is that he's
incompetent um I don't know if I've said
this explicitly publicly so maybe you
can tell me if you've heard me say this
before or if I just thought it
the thing that I've liked and liked
ahead of time as well about the Obama
I'm sorry about the Trump
presidency the thing I like best is not
that he would break a lot of dishes
because everybody knew he was going to
break some dishes right some dishes were
going to get broken he's going to be you
know
uh a little more expensive than the
normal president and sure enough that's
the case
but the thing I liked about him was that
it seemed to me that he had unique
talents that could get some things done
that were literally just impossible for
another character to do there was
something about the unique blend of
talents that he brought to the job that
would probably make him not so good on
some things let's say the deficit all
right I don't think the president's
personality and set of talents are well
suited to Bringing Down the deficit
would everybody agree cuz cuz Trump is
actually most known for using debt to to
build his Empire he likes
debt so while it would be true that the
president would be the worst person for
maybe helping race relations and feel
good probably terrible for that might be
the worst person
for uh even Healthcare he might be a he
might be a terrible choice for getting
Healthcare done because it's a real big
complicated thing you probably have to
dig into it a little bit into the
details that's sort of not his deal so
you might not be good for that and you
could probably end the budget probably
not the best for bringing down debt but
there were other things that he brings
to the job that I was hoping would solve
some unsolvable
problems some of the unsolvable problems
include North Kore
would you say that there's something
about Trump that's special that made him
a perfect choice for getting to you know
what looks like strong progress in North
Korea the answer is yes even his critics
would
say though they be critics even his
critics will
say I think that his personality helped
get that
done when we look at prison reform his
critic say you know I don't like a lot
of what he's doing but I got to say
there's something about Trump that made
this possible those are two big things
what about tax
reform you might argue that another
Republican could have gotten tax reform
but I don't know I don't know I I'll
leave that to the jury there might be
something about the tax overhaul that
that required you know a trump
personality but less less of a case in
that case what about renegotiating NAFTA
what about getting some kind of a better
trade situation with um yeah I'll talk
about Isis with China is there something
about Trump that makes him uniquely
qualified for that I think yes I think
there is something about Trump's
personality that makes negotiating trade
deals far more likely to be successful
is there something about Trump that will
get the you know the wall built or or at
least better security on the border
whatever that looks like and the answer
is probably yes because the special
thing about Trump is that he was willing
to take the
heat you needed somebody who was willing
to take brutal brutal criticism in order
to make the border security a higher
priority
would you say that the president has
made border security a higher priority
with or without
offense I'd say yes I would say that
there's something special about this
president that allowed border security
to be a higher priority and probably
will get more money and it might not be
offense but there's definitely something
that looks like progress there that his
personality probably had a lot to do
with it something that wouldn't have
necessarily happened under even even
another
Republican so you look at all these
things and then you look at the Middle
East if the Middle East goes the
direction that it looks to be going and
this is my prediction my prediction is
that the Middle East is starting to
shape up into something that's going to
form into a middle east peace plan is
there something about the president's
personality that's unique that could get
that done
and the answer is probably
yes probably yes he would put more
pressure on Iran than another president
important he would support Saudi Arabia
and its leader when nobody else
supported him probably important to get
some leverage he can get along great
with Israel like nobody ever did very
important all right so and apparently
you can get along with Putin better than
other people which is going to be very
important in the Middle East so is there
something unique about Trump that even
another Republican wouldn't have that
could make the
impossible maybe happen and the
impossible is something like a peace
deal in the Middle East and I think
yes so here's a bigger picture that I've
made or a bigger point that I've tried
to make a few times which is that you
want the president who can solve the
problems that nobody else can solve
because you know who can solve the small
problems the next
president if the president after this
president got a hold of the uh Le let's
say the next
president let me draw this picture for
you let's say the president after
Trump comes into office and Isis has
been solved by the way I forgot to
mention that wouldn't you say that the
battlefield defeat of Isis happened
quicker and more efficiently because of
something special about President Trump
and specifically The Rules of Engagement
and he gave them freedom to do it he
picked
Mattis I think you can make that case I
think you could say that his personality
was important to Isis so let's say the
next president comes in that next
president is likely to have the best
economy ever an Isis that has been
largely defeated a North Korea that's uh
you know crawling toward peace but
moving in that direction a Middle East
that is in a much better
shape trade deals that are already
completed and more
favorable and a military that's been
built up to be more powerful and more
effective uh a veterans association
that's working better I'm not sure if
it's better enough but it's working
better if the next president comes into
office What problems will that president
have to solve
well I would say the biggest problem
would probably be getting the the debt
under control is President Trump the
best person to do that probably not
probably not would the next president be
really good at getting the deficit under
control well if we're
smart we'll we'll bring in the president
yeah race relations if we're smart we'll
bring in the next president who can do
stuff like whatever is left of
healthcare if that needs to be improved
uh getting getting uh you know the
deficit under control maybe better in
race relationships so we have the option
of getting everything we can get in a
trump accepting that there are going to
be some areas where they're just not his
strong points by personality and then
you get them with the next president I
would argue that President Obama was
very successful I know you hate this I
know you hate to hear this he was very
successful in the sense that he was the
right
personality at the right time but not
for every
task um Obama was the wrong personality
to deal with the Middle
East he may have been the wrong
personality to deal with Isis he may
have been the wrong personality to deal
with
China but he might have been exactly the
right personality to deal with an
economy that was ready to fall off the
edge because he was this calm cool
lawyer Le like guy people trusted him
you know he was he he was he had a
pretty good mandate from his election he
was probably good on race relations he
got us past you know past the hump of
having a black president which was
important to the to the character of the
country I think so I would say that
Obama had some unique personality traits
that were well suited for some types of
problems and poorly suited for
others president Trump is similar but in
reverse and that Trump is really strong
on the things that Obama was weak on and
kind of weak on the things that Obama
was strong on I don't know that it's a
bad thing that we pingpong between
Democrats and Republicans and I know you
hate that too but it's probably a good
thing that this country likes to try one
for a while say ah 8 years is enough of
this guy let's let's let's try the
opposite because he solved all the
problems that his personality can solve
you need a different personality for the
next problems all
right I think it is hilarious and shows
just how clever I am that uh um there's
conversation now about whether this
particular structure that they're
looking at for the uh border should be
called a fence or a wall there is
literally and you can't make this stuff
up people they're actually considering
as one of the top um structures to be on
the border with Mexico something that's
got slats these steel slats and some
people look at a thing that has steel
slats that you can look through and they
say well that's clearly a fence but it's
made out of steel and it's thick these
are thick slats what do you call
something that's as tall as a wall as
hard as a wall but and is made of
metal well some people would call it a
wall other people would call it a fence
did I not tell you that the solution to
this was was always going to be
something that one side could call a
wall at the same time the others could
stand there and look at it right in
front of themselves and say that my
friends is a
fence did anybody else
predict that there would be a solution
that some would call a wall and some
would call a fence because it's the only
way to get get past it I think I'm the
only one and I I forwarded a article
from CNN in which they're making that
case that some people are going to call
this structure a wall and some call it a
fence um I think what's happening is
that the president is just looking for a
different way to get the budget he's
going to carve it out of different
departments um he's going to find a
creative way to do it I think the
Democrats painted themselves into a
corner they painted themselves into a
corner by um saying it was immoral to
have a wall so now they can't really
fund it so the president will have to
find his funding some other way call it
offence hand it off to the engineers let
them do something all
right um let's talk about climate just
briefly I've talked about this too much
I've told you that the problem with
trying to decide what to think about
climate
change one of the biggest problems is
that we are not scientists so we can't
really you know evaluate the science on
a deep deep level as Citizens so we can
only look at the people who uh Hey Dr
Drew we can only uh look at the people
who have the proide and look at the
people who have the conside and evaluate
their persuasiveness we can't really go
down to the details and evaluate the
science we don't have access to that
wouldn't understand it
anyway so when I look at the two
arguments they're both persuasive if you
look at the climate alarmist by
themselves they'll say look at my graph
and they'll show you a graph that shows
the
CO2 and um they'll show you that CO2 and
warming are perfectly correlated and
that there's this hockey stick growth
lately the shows were all doomed and
when they talk about it it's really
persuasive
and then you wait 10 minutes and
separately the Skeptics come on and they
say no they got everything wrong here
are all the reasons and these are
perfectly you know credible reasons why
they got it all wrong and then they will
show their chart and they'll say look at
my chart it's obvious that CO2 and
warming are completely
unrelated and they'll show you a chart
that's completely different from the
other person and then they'll walk away
and I'll say to myself well that that
skeptic was 100% persuasive by himself
as long as he's not in the same room
with the the clima scientist and the
climate scientist how persuasive is he
totally persuasive by himself as long as
he's not in the room with the guy who's
got the other chart and I'm thinking the
most
basic I I I want to curse again because
this makes me angry but I'll pull myself
back the most basic thing our government
or our news people could do and neither
of them are doing this for you the most
basic thing they could do is to put
those two in the same room and
put the camera
on that's it put those two in
the same room and turn the camera on
because neither of those
neither neither the clim is eptic with
his chart nor the climate alarmist with
his or her chart neither of those
 will pretend the other one
exists put them in the same room turn on
the camera and say show me your chart
and they'll hold up their charts and
they'll be opposites and you say okay
can you defend why your chart doesn't
look like the other
chart and make them fight it out now you
don't have to you don't have to to make
them fight on every point right you
don't need them to argue everything
about the science and everything about
the measurements and everything about
you don't need to do that they have
literally two completely different
charts and here's the fun part they both
say they're from the same Source data
don't they you know don't the Skeptics
say look I'm using you know Noah's own
data I'm using NASA's data it's public
data I just put it on a chart look at it
you can see the CO2 and temperatures uh
if you look historically you know if you
look at a long enough time frame you can
tell that they're completely
unrelated all right um so why can't we
put those two in the same room
and turn a camera on why can't we do
that really it's got to be the simplest
freaking thing that anybody could do on
on what turns out to be the biggest risk
in the world right according to the if
you were if you were a a climate
alarmist you think that the climate is
the biggest problem in the world and
that in order to have a chance of
survival the main thing you need to do
is what what is the main thing you need
to do if you're a climate alarmist to
save the
world what's the main thing you got to
do the main thing you got to do is
convince the Skeptics
that's your job one right you've got to
convince them and in order to do that
you would need to put them in the same
room with you so that your data and
their data could be hashed out in front
of the camera in front of the
public I do understand why the Skeptics
can't get in the room with the climate
scientists that I understand because
they don't get camera time the the
climate alarmist don't want to give them
they they say we don't want to we don't
want to justify your wrongness by
putting you in the same room and acting
like you know that you have any
credibility so it makes perfect sense
that the Skeptics want to be in that
room and want to sit next to the climate
alarmist and want to have that
conversation so I think it's fair to say
that one side wants to be in that room
with the other
side the only reason I can think of why
that you've never seen that and by the
way you've never seen that have you you
have never
seen the skeptic and the believer in the
same room in an unscripted way where
somebody is just saying okay you say
this graph you say this graph you know
make your case you've never seen that
and the only reason I can think of given
that it's the biggest problem in the
world according to the alarmist the
biggest problem in the
world and they're not willing to solve
it by just putting their believer in the
room with a skeptic that's all it would
take it would be the most popular
television show in the United States so
you can't say it won't be done because
the ratings would be bad because the
ratings would be very good all right
even if it was just a YouTube clip the
ratings and the viewership of that
YouTube clip would be very very good so
you can't say that there this hasn't
happened because of money you can't say
it hasn't happened because the Skeptics
are afraid to get in the room because
they want to get in the room
they want it badly the only thing that's
stopping it is the scientists themselves
being apparently
unwilling to do the one thing that could
save the world and the one thing that
could save the world is to get in the
same room with the other
 right and turn the camera on if
you don't do that you don't believe in
climate science let me say that again
for the people who are proclimate
science if they're afraid to put their
person in the same room with the denier
and turn on the camera and let the
public see them talk about it if you're
afraid to do that for some
reason about you don't want to give them
credibility you're not a Believer you
actually don't believe your own story
because if you thought the world was at
risk you'd put those people in the same
room CU it's the only way to convince
the other half of the
country all right uh let us revisit the
story of
patreon and uh people who are leaving
patreon because patreon has kicked
somebody off the platform
sakon has been kicked off the platform
for something he said on a completely
different platform a few years ago and
was taken out a
context uh so that his his uh inner
thoughts were made to be evil when in
fact they were the opposite of evil uh
according to all evidence in uh in the
public eye
so uh I had been saying that I have um
disavow exhaustion I'm just tired of
fighting and boycotting and I'm
generally anti-boycott so generally
speaking I oppose boycotts I within the
United States I think boycot another
country might be might be fun and good
but boycotting a a company in the United
States B they'd really have to do
something bad right my my threshold for
Banning a US company is very high that
said um tomorrow I think I will be
giving you a an
alternative for patreon for at least for
me and I'll give you an option if you
would like me to leave
patreon uh I will leave patreon if the
other option is appealing to you okay so
I will be leaving
patreon if when I describe the other
option probably tomorrow
um if that seems appealing to you I will
I will abandon patreon I do
think that uh and and by the way a lot
of people have been saying to me Scott
you don't understand the argument that
that's never been the problem here it's
not my understanding of the argument
it's my
priorities but uh the argument is solid
that there's a solid
argument that uh
patreon um is acting against their own
terms of
service and not acting in good
faith so if patreon is not acting in
good faith and uh and by the way I uh my
own patreon account went down
by I don't know 20 or 25% this week so
staying on patreon is no
longer um viable for me because the
people who would use patreon and would
be the same people who were likely to
support me have lefted and protest so my
income on patreon went down I 20 or 25%
this week and it looks like it's not
going to ever go in the other direction
so for that
reason it doesn't make sense for me
economically to stay on patreon it
doesn't make sense in terms of being on
the right side of
history and that gives me um everything
I need but I'm only going to
leave if uh after I've explained to you
an option if if enough people are
interested in taking that option
all right
uh that's like 25 million yeah now
actually my patreon account is very
small it's a few thousand it's just a
few thousand a month and I use all of
that to you know pay pay somebody to uh
prep my videos to move them to YouTube
and put them on podcast and stuff so
basically I don't make any money from
patreon I just passed that along to my
assistant um
someone would have to explain what could
be good what could be accomplished by
leaving well I think I think what people
want to
accomplish is showing that the audience
will leave if you violate free
speech so free speech is violated and
the person who is being uh targeted is
not a bad actor but rather they're just
on the wrong side of politics that the
market will punish that platform so I
think what you're seeing is people
punishing patreon for taking what looks
to be a political position to them as
opposed to a principled position I think
if patreon was taking a principled
position people would not have such a
problem but yeah it looks like selective
enforcement Etc
um let's see
would you accept donations in when
tokens the answer is yes and I'm going
to tell you more about that but let me
do that
tomorrow uh and by the way wouldn't the
perfect situation be that you could on
patreon uh I'll just tease this a little
bit on patreon if
you if you donate to um a producer a
Content producer usually it's a dollar
month some people do five or 10 but most
most people are doing a dollar a month
and your dollar just goes to the um you
know some of it goes to the bank because
it's a credit card so some of it goes to
the bank some of it goes to patreon to
take their cut and then some of it most
of it goes to the producer but once you
paid it that's it right your money just
left your wallet and went somewhere else
but if you were to pay someone in
utility
tokens for example if you bought the
when token at when hub.com and you can
wait till tomorrow I'll give you details
on that if you if you were to pay a
producer in utility tokens there's a
nonzero chance that the tokens that you
bought would become worth more than what
you
gave so uh tokens are not an investment
so you should not see them as an
investment but none nth less it is true
that if you own any kind of crypto token
it can go up in value if the demand is
high so if more people wanted to watch
me on Periscope and more people wanted
to use that mechanism and fewer people
wanted to use patreon that would cause
the first people to who bought when
tokens to have tokens that have greater
demand after they own them and if you
already own the tokens and then greater
demand comes in after you the value of
your token goes up and there's a market
to sell that so lat token.com is a an
exchange which handles the
win
so there is the possib and I'll I'll
tell you how to do this
tomorrow but in my specific case I have
the option of
replacing patreon with people who want
to put a little extra effort into it and
buy W tokens uh I then nobody takes a
cut of that it goes directly into my
startup my startup can help the world
and some ways that I'm going to tell you
about tomorrow we have a big upgrade by
the way by the way uh the interface by
whenhub
app um has a big upgrade so if you
haven't downloaded the upgrade do that
the big upgrade is that you could always
talk to experts but before it was only
if they were online and now we've added
a scheduling tool so if there's somebody
who you want to talk to but you'd rather
schedule it or it's the only way you can
connect you can now schedule scheduling
by the way was the first thing our
company did so we just grafted our our
other core competence onto interface and
now you can
schedule
um are there career counselors on oneeb
um on any given day there's almost one
of everything so if there are not there
should be so we'll we'll be doing a lot
more uh publicity on whenhub in the
coming week but anyway I'll tell you
more about how to how to get a hold of
the
when it's the best way to compensate me
if you don't want to use patreon and it
has a nonzero chance not a very high
chance but the nonzero chance that the
tokens could be worth more than you
actually paid so that would be cool all
right it's called interface by whenhub
you can search for the app on both of
the stores I'm going to sign off for now
and do some other things and I will talk
to you later