hey everybody come on in we got some
stuff to talk about
good stuff fun - fun stuff things that
will blow your mind possibly delight you
possibly blow your mind and then delight
you
it's all happening here oh I don't know
if it's morning or evening I'm gonna put
down my shades so let's see if I look
more handsome when there's less light on
me because I think I do if you know what
I mean all right let's get to it
yeah let's get to it Cristina nice of
you to join so I was watching the
interview with Bill Maher did with Dan
Crenshaw you don't do Crenshaw and if
you know who Dan Crenshaw is you know
that he's one of the probably one of the
better communicators on the on the right
probably one in the top probably the top
five or so you put it in there with Matt
gates and I don't a few other people
darker police
so less light much less light would be
much better anyway so if you watch the
interview is going around the internet
and you people were saying that Crenshaw
dismantled Bill Maher and everything but
here's what I saw now of course I can't
read minds but here's a some speculation
and you can decide how close this sounds
to you does this seem reasonable to you
that Bill Maher probably hears a lot of
arguments that agree with the left
probably hears him all the time but I'll
bet he doesn't hear many good arguments
from the right he probably he probably
hears the the one pundit to CNN allow us
to be on their air every you know ten
minutes or every you know ten days or
something
and you know he probably samples a
little bit of the stuff that clips and
League quotes taken out of context and
stuff but I'll bet about Bill Maher and
this is just speculation through no
fault of his own it probably has a
gigantic blind spot for what the good
argument is on the right I've noticed
this a few times it doesn't ever seem as
though Bill Maher is disagreeing with
the best arguments on the right but of
course he's disagreeing with the dumb
ones that don't make any sense and what
the reason I'm somewhat more fascinated
with Bill Maher is I've been watching it
for years and I know that he is capable
of changing his mind under any
circumstances so long as there's a good
argument you know and there's some data
so if you've watched him forever you
know that he's you know four people on
both the left and the right he can be
maddeningly frustrating because he
doesn't just automatically agree with
one team and so people you know
everybody finds some reason to be mad at
one thing another so here's what I saw
and I think that Bill Maher got a little
flavor of this one I was on his show
back in 2016 I guess and it goes like
this I think that when Dan Crenshaw
started talking it looked like you could
see in bill's face that he was learning
for the first time that there's another
curtain behind the curtain in other
words you know somebody as you tuned in
as Bill Maher can not only see the show
that everybody sees you know the one
that's in public but he's he's one of
the few people can look behind the
curtain and I think he thought that if
he could see the show and that he could
also look behind the curtain that's all
there is to say and I feel as if what I
was watching and again this requires a
lot of speculation and assumption of my
part but it felt like what I was seeing
was that Bill Maher was learning from
dan Crenshaw's better communicating
that there was a curtain behind the
curtain that there might be a whole
bunch of stuff who knows how big might
be a little might be a lot but it was
like it was like bill was for the first
time hearing something that made sense
that was coming from the other team and
I think it made him think is there
something here
now if had been anybody else they would
just be dismissing it because it's just
team sport but what makes somebody like
a Bill Maher and I would say Sam Harris
would be in the same category even if
you don't agree I think he is people who
can't change their mind they just have
to you're a better argued see facts to
support it so that was fascinating a lot
of people asked me for last few weeks to
talk about dr. Shiva's ideas of treating
coronavirus and I hadn't really looked
into them until today so I had so I have
a preliminary opinion a preliminary
opinion my preliminary opinion is that
in essence what he's promoting or not
promoting you know it doesn't have any
money as in it as far as I know but what
he's recommending is that some kind of a
intensive vitamin treatment with
specific vitamins I think a and T and C
would make a big difference in the
coronavirus you're treating him now
here's the thing I have to give you some
background some of you know years ago I
tried to start a food company making
this burrito product that I tried to
stuff with all the vitamins and minerals
you would need for the whole day I
thought would that be great
you can either delicious burrito and
make sure you've got all your vitamins
and minerals so even if the rest of the
day didn't go well you'd be set and in
that process what I learned is that the
science of nutrition is is largely made
up it's just all just garbage
and the the science of vitamins and
minerals is extra garbage so part of the
reason that I ended up bailing out is
that
I couldn't I couldn't make a product
with a claim that hey it's got these
vitamins and minerals if all the science
was evaporating behind me you know when
I started it I thought the science was
pretty solid but there was honestly just
an assumption I just assumed we knew the
vitamins are good for you right did you
assume that science knows if vitamins
are good for you
and which ones and how much there's no
such thing the the science of vitamins
is largely just ridiculousness now I'm
not saying that vitamins have no no
value obviously you need your vitamin
C's you don't give scurvy vitamin D
probably does have all kinds of benefits
etc so some of the basics we certainly
know but beyond the basics it's just the
Wild West so I may be biased by the fact
that I I spend time in this domain of
vitamins and what I found is that it was
all charlatans and garbage that was my
experience now does that mean that the
next thing that comes up is untrue
because all the last stuff was it
doesn't it doesn't mean that at all so
I'm so I'm confessing my bias so here
this part really clearly my bias is that
what I hear a remarkable sounding claim
involving ordinary vitamins even that
high dosages or even if they're
intravenous but if I hear something
that's an extraordinary claim about
vitamins I just assume it's not true
okay so that's my starting point let me
give you a analogy to make my point if
you get an email from a Nigerian prince
who says he can get his money back from
a bank if you help him out do you need
to know if that's real do you need to
research it do you need to ask for
identification no you don't because it's
an email from a Nigerian print
that whole category is very unlikely
ever to produce a real one might that
might i mean i can't say there will
never ever be a nigerian prince who's in
really got some trouble and you could
help him if you just return his email
I'm not saying it's impossible I'm just
saying I've never seen it so if so if
somebody tomorrow says hey hey I know
these have mostly been not true but the
have you seen this email it's from a
Nigerian prince and I know I know I know
you why are you saying that all those
other words were not real but I feel
good about this one so analogies of
course are imperfect and therefore it's
one of the reasons that they never
persuade anybody and I'm sure I didn't
persuade you with that one the point is
I'm that I'm biased the point is not
that you should believe is real or not
real based on that story
the point is I'm biased and so when I
see a remarkable claim that has this
form it's very remarkable and
suspiciously the medical community is
ignoring this claim and or is unfamiliar
with it
so if it's a remarkable claim about
vitamins and the other claim is that the
medical community is missing this
obvious thing it's sort of in the
category of things that are never true
but again this could be the one time
maybe it is so I tweeted it out dr.
Shiva had some exchanges with something
I tweeted it out because it had links
and description of why he was talking
about and asked any experts to give me
an opinion whether it looked real now if
some experts commend and say Scott Scott
Scott he's on to something
well I'm open to changing my mind
I could definitely change my mind I
would just have to hear somebody smart
say oh yeah yeah I get it
all the other Nigerian Prince's were
fake but honestly this one looks pretty
good if somebody says that I'll
reconsider but so the question is out so
now I saw in the comments somebody says
you should debate dr. Shiva
are you kidding are you kidding what
good would that do me debating dr. Shiva
let me let me do the debate for you so
that you don't have to sit through it
I will now act out Mead debating dr.
Shiva on this topic this first I'll do
the role of dr. Shiva blahblah something
I don't understand
meaning Scott doesn't understand and
vitamins and and stuff and science and I
have multiple degrees from MIT and then
it's my turn to debate and I say I know
I didn't understand any of that honestly
babe I know where do we go from here
because I don't even know what those
words mean do you have a book or
something I could read to learn about
this microbiology stuff and you know
immunology and viral adji and statistics
i if i'd do a little studying i'll get a
little studying and then we can have
this debate again but at the moment i
don't know any of those words mean so
we're not getting anywhere you see there
would be no point in debate right
because I would say it's my bias that
these things are usually not true and
then what would he say
well I can see why you would have that
bias based on your experience right
that's that's sort of the beginning and
the end of the debate because I think
dr. Shiva would say well of course
you've just admitted that you have a
bias I can this I can see the reason you
would have a bias your experience of
course you have a bias that way that's
it that's that's the old debate we're
done now because I don't understand his
points that's why I asked for somebody
else to explain it to me all right
I think what triggered me is that in dr.
Shiva's tweet he made an assumption
about Bill Gates's motives
Bill Gates internal thoughts and if you
pair something that looks sketchy just
by its nature even if it's not it just
looks sketchy because of its nature and
you add that too conspicuous public
mind-reading well that does not help
your credibility because it seemed like
that was important that it would require
knowing what Bill Gates was thinking and
that what he was thinking was he was
trying to make money with vaccines or
something
so somebody sent me a link to PolitiFact
where they fact checked all the wild
Bill Gates rumors now my version of
debunking the wild Bill Gates rumors
mine goes like this and maybe you've
heard this argument before blah blah
blah Bill Gates wants to depopulate the
world here's my argument you know all
those Nigerian prince emails that's the
end of my argument because it's just
such such a ridiculous claim I'm not
going to spend one second googling
whether Bill Gates ever said he wants to
depopulate the world do you know why
because if you ever thought that was
true there's something wrong with your
brain all right this is not something
you google to find out maybe he said he
wants to depopulate the world
he didn't say he wants to depopulate the
world and you know I checked politifact
and of course that never happened what
was the other one the other one was some
horrible thing with vaccines in India
and I actually thought that one could
have been true it's just that even if
had been true it just would have been an
example of a drug trial that didn't go
well it wouldn't mean anybody was evil
or had bad intentions I know this whole
point of the drug trial but it turns out
it wasn't even true so so that whole
India vaccine thing was just all made up
just BS so
I tweeted that if you want to go follow
the links so you can convince yourself
so if any of you thought that the Bill
Gates stuff was true you really should
have asked me
I did some restaurant reopening ideas
which I would like to share with you for
those of you didn't see it so here's the
starting point you know one of the one
of the creative mistakes we make is to
say hey let's what could we do to get
our restaurants back to where you always
fall for hoaxes blog not true sue so
people think hey how do we get our
restaurants back the way they were and I
say if the restaurant model is just
blown up you should not be asking this
question you should you should not be
asking how to get restaurants back to
the way they were because you rarely get
a chance to blow everything up and you
know just rethinking from the scratch
and so I think you should be asking how
could we make restaurants better than
they ever were because you should at
least ask the question I mean it might
turn out that the answer is you can't do
it but if the only question you're
asking is how do we get back to way the
way we were that's sort of a loser
mindset because when do you get to have
stuff blown up like this I mean it's all
bad news
bought on the other hand you kind of get
to start from scratch and really get
creative and be flexible maybe there's
some local ordinances that can be you
know adjusted a little bit that normally
wouldn't be possible so here are some
things I want to suggest in that realm
supposed or - or any of the apps that
let you order food to be picked up in
restaurants suppose I added an option
for dining in instead of where you put
in your address of your house you put in
your table number so if you're ordering
from a certain restaurant you put it in
the table number that means you're there
and so there's no server talking to you
to get your order
you just order by app when you're in the
restaurant and then it comes over and
it's sat on a side table so that nobody
nobody puts it in front of each of you
there's nobody taking dishes away they
just put a side table there and you help
yourself so that you're not interacting
now of course in the long run it's
especially a high-end restaurant you
want the full table service but at the
moment I'm gonna have to get flexible I
also thought that you could add a little
tent card a little you know a sign
that's on the table there's the phone
numbers to text if you want to send a
message to the to the kitchen it's not
the chef who answers the phone but if
you want to send a message to the
kitchen or the front office or the
server or something you just text it and
there would be somebody whose job it is
just to take the text and tell whoever
it is that needs to be told so that's
one way you could avoid human contact
you might also want to relax local
zoning laws so you can expand sidewalks
out during warm weather it just may be
closed the streets you know for a while
for months just close any streets that
have a lot of restaurants on them
because usually there's not much parking
on the street anyway you don't lose that
much and usually there's an easier way
to get around then the street that has
all the restaurants so just close it let
the restaurants expand into the street
so you got lots of space around tables
and maybe even allow dogs in my town you
can't bring your dog to a restaurant
even if you're eating outside but what
if you could yeah at least temporarily
when do you like to bring your dog out
to dinner and you have monthly SH of
course a lot of people would like that
at least in my town that would be a big
thing and you can also imagine that
using the honor system because you could
never enforce this you would ask people
to come in and only in the at least in
the beginning with the people that
they're isolating with so if you're
isolated with your family you can bring
your family and send at a table at a
restaurant but you know what a mix
people who have been separately
isolating just because they went to a
restaurant
you could do that and maybe maybe if
it's a business meeting and you just
have to have people cross pollinating
you have some special places you know
away from other people something like
that but the larger idea is just to
rethink these things from scratch and
rather than say how do we get back to
where we were
think about how to make it better all
right I promised you that I would give
you the user interface for reality and
I'm working on a book idea an awful
writer do not but has to do with filters
and I was trying to think of all the
different filters that one can put on
life and I've argued that if you have an
experience in enough domains you can
look through more windows or another way
to say that is you bore it you have more
filters by which to understand the world
and I would contend this is not yet a
complete list and I might end up
combining some categories a little bit
but let's say this is about 90% right I
contend that these are the filters then
if you learned enough about these and
you wouldn't have to be an expert on any
of these things but if you learned you
know logic and religion
if you mating let me explain that one as
a filter what that means is to
understand let me get that guy out of
here bad person goes away all right
that's always satisfied did Soros Irish
get rid of the crazy people anymore all
right so
having gotten rid of our trolls so
mating is the idea that you can see the
world through the lens that everything
we do is to show off to get a mate even
if you have a mate we're just sort of
automatically designed for mating so if
you see the world through that lens you
can really understand a lot of a lot of
the world you should know a little bit
about statistics and science persuasion
economics
simu tation that's not a word let's call
it the simulation the simulation theory
that we might be a simulation the the
idea that some people just see the world
as winners and losers other people might
see it as predator and prey there's also
a strategy way to look at the world
there's an abundance mindset
yeah the abundance mindset is that
you're not taking things from other
people you're finding a way that
everybody gets something and then the
moist robot idea which might be
redundant just the idea that were were
dumb machines and irrational so my my
concept is this that if you knew enough
about these fields you would have the
user interface to reality and you would
be able to actually see your reality and
manipulate it almost in a god-like way I
said almost I'm not saying you're
omnipotent but that you could do things
which would not seem possible to people
who had fewer filters so the more
filters you have the more clear is you
know if you could see it like an analogy
you more clear the screen is and more
obvious than many of your choices are so
this probably would require a book to
really explain it well but the the
useful part of this is that you probably
don't need more of it examples
yeah we'll be a good example let's see
if I could pick one well all let's take
abundance so we have a problem with
their Communist China because it looks
like they think that the best thing for
China is for the United States to be
weaker so that's the opposite of an
abundance mindset president trungpa has
an abundance mindset he used it with
North Korea he's used it with President
Xi obviously is not working in China and
who knows what's happening in North
Korea but they don't seem to be mad at
us at the moment so that's good but the
president said hey if we work together
we both get richer if we stay enemies we
don't now obviously it seems that China
has some kind of winner loser
predator-prey mentality that there are
only people winning and losing and they
want to be on the winning team whereas
the president of course still has those
filters as well but he has extra filters
so he instead of you know obviously
knowing that if he went to China and
said hey it's a it's a win or lose
situation one of us could win and what
does go lose you know good luck we're
gonna win you're gonna lose that
wouldn't really get you very far
in negotiations but if you go into it if
you go into the negotiations with an
abundance mindset you get that you know
baby price of flexibility on the other
side all right so let me give you some
other examples I like to use this
example all the time if you understand
economics and you understand business
models then you probably understand that
it's very unlikely you'll get a speeding
ticket as 6:00 a.m. on a Sunday morning
now that's something that you could see
clearly if you have the economics filter
and if it's not obvious to you why
you're not going to get a ticket
as 6:00 a.m. on the subject morning no
matter how fast you speed it's because
you don't have that filter yet maybe
explain why the police department is
like every other organization they have
a budget and so they have to use the
budget where it makes sense and not
where it doesn't make sense otherwise
they'll run out of money and not be able
to do the things they need so given that
almost nobody has a car accident and
6:00 a.m. on a Sunday morning it's
probably the least likely time this
speeding is ever an actual safety
problem because there's just nobody
around and if they are they're not drunk
you know for the most part 6 a.m. I
would say not too many drugs and so you
will notice that economics would predict
it would predict that there are very few
speed traps at 6:00 a.m. on a Sunday
morning and I would argue that if you
live to be a hundred you might never see
one so that's a very trivial example but
I go through life with an understanding
of business models and economics that
does allow me to see to see around
corners I can literally predict based on
economics whether there's a a policeman
up ahead in that a speed trap order they
also often hide so in my house in my
neighborhood there's a place they often
stay and I can predict that accurately
as it turns out all right let's take
strategy a perfect example of that when
I wrote my book had a failed almost
everything and still win big I
introduced the idea of systems versus
goals and the idea of talent stacking
you know I've talked about him enough
that I don't need to explain him again
but in the context I'm talking about
here a lot of people wrote to me a lot a
lot of people and said my god when I
heard those things it really you know it
all came together and then I had a
strategy and then I could implement it
and it's already working so I would hear
tremendous things about people learning
that strategy and when I would hear it I
would say to myself you know when I
wrote that
the thing I was most worried about is
that people would say we already knew
that but I was hoping that people did
not have enough sort of background in
strategy to know that it makes sense to
layer your skills intelligently and it
makes sense to have systems versus goals
I didn't know if people didn't know that
until I wrote the book because you don't
really don't know what other people know
I thought it would be additive and it
turns out it was life-changing for a lot
of people so that's a perfect example
and the the strategy is not worth much
unless you have some understanding of
statistics and I don't I don't mean you
have to be able to do the math I mean
that you have to in a common-sense way
be able to look at things and say okay
that's more likely than that under these
conditions you wouldn't be able to tell
what's true versus the margin of error
I'm talking about the big you know the
big big level stuff
for example here's a perfect example the
headline this week was that there was a
study of Santa Clara residents and they
found that I forget the exact number but
somewhere in the range of two percent of
them seemed to have the antibodies for
AK rotavirus but and that would indicate
maybe was a lot more of it in the
general population but anybody assumed
now Balaji Srinivasan who if you don't
follow him on Twitter you should he has
a background that would include you know
all the credible knowledge but most
importantly he understood statistics and
he understood how to read the the
document and he looked at and said wait
a minute according to this the the the
reliability of the test is that it could
have false positives up to like in that
same neighborhood in that same I'm
rounding everything off to make it
simple but that the false positives
could be in that same neighborhood so in
other words it was a whole study that
either showed that nothing that nothing
happened or
that there's wildly more virus and the
completely complete opposites
and they're both demonstrated by the
same data now did you know that when you
read this study did you know that I mean
I didn't even look at the details and
I'm not sure I would have picked it out
if I had but the point is the more you
do about statistics the more you can
just look look right past people's
assertions to the truth now the logic
could do that I couldn't now that
doesn't mean that the study is bogus
it just means that you can't be sure
which is completely different than we're
sure that there's tons of virus in the
world that we don't know about it
there's a big difference between well it
could be true and oh it's totally true
we just study that those are there's not
that similar alright
see do you want some other oh here's
some other examples the I said winners
and losers on here but you could send
victims some victims and winners I
suppose victims and oppressors so if you
see the world in terms of victims
there's a good chance you're gonna think
you are one and when you start thinking
you are one your filter just starts
producing evidence of it confirmation
bias and that can be a very frustrating
and also maybe not too close to reality
view of the world so that's a that's a
bad filter a better filter is that
you're not a victim and that you have a
lot of control over your life so that's
just a better filter anyway I don't want
to talk about the details of these I'm
just asserting that there might be how
many things aren't there here so there
might be under 15 filters that can
explain just about everything you see in
life and I and I've said before that
when I when I was very young I sought to
understand the user interface for a
reality and I actually have dedicated my
life literally
to try to figure out why things are the
way they are and why it works and what
can you do differently and this is this
is sort of the result of it that I
started layering different skills
together especially a degree in
economics so I can understand that
filter all right I was asked to give you
some sleeping tips for tonight and I'm
gonna do that and I'm gonna do it more
easily this time so those of you who
don't want to get sleepy yet you might
want to sign off now and I wish wish you
a good night
maybe I'll see you in the morning I hope
so those of you who would like to relax
before sleep and see if they can get an
even better night's sleep than they have
recently recently this will be the
portion in which I calm you down and
prep you for a great night's sleep
it goes like this take a deep breath
from the bottom of your your lungs not
the top a lot of your lungs then exhale
out your nose well actually actually out
of your mouth would be fine inhale
through your nose and exhale through
your mouth and it's funny you don't
realize that during the day your tension
will make your breath that shallower and
shallower and if you simply breathe and
the way you want to feel your breath
will take you there so if you take large
relaxed deep breaths with no no tension
into your chest
it just automatically takes you to that
place it does it pretty quickly now make
sure that you're in a relaxed place that
requires no muscles to stay in the
position you are you can be sitting up
you keep your leg down it doesn't matter
and now again think of the muscles in
your hand your hand should be down not
up like mine is but squeeze your hand
and make our tight fist and just hold it
until you don't think you can hold it
anymore and when you don't think you can
hold it anymore just relax it just let
it all go
I just know how it feels all the tension
is out of your hand
and out do the same thing with your
other hand and then to your feet you can
just run through the run through the
sequence on your own time and you will
be amazed that just concentrating on one
body part squeezing it tightening it and
relaxing it moving it all the way around
your body will be amazing you'll be
amazed at how well that works now here's
the big payoff I taught you before and
many of you were on this periscope that
if I counted it to 20 because I'm a
trained hypnotist and if anybody didn't
know that here's your warning that this
is hypnosis but there's nothing sneaky
to it I'm just helping you relax if
you'd like to enjoy that stick around if
you would not like to be hypnotized that
while I would not call this hypnosis per
se yeah there's no actual transit halt
it would make you relaxed if you don't
want that this would be the time to find
something else to do but I'm going to
count to 20 and you're going to hear my
voice
if you're wearing headphones much more
effective and when you want to relax
later tonight you're going to hear my
voice but you'll be controlling the
counting of my voice you'll count from
zero to 20 when you reach 20 you'll be
really relaxed and it'll be prepping you
to drift off into a nice sleep and I'm
going to start right now and every time
I count higher one you start getting
sleepier and more relaxed - and going
deeper three and now going deeper and
deeper for five and now much deeper
twice as deep now six seven eight and
going deeper doesn't matter if I skip a
number ten
I could skip to numbers 12 and you would
just get deeper and deeper and more
relaxed and now as I head toward 20
toward the deepest and most relaxing
sleep you've experienced in a long time
15 16 and going deeper 17 and I was so
relaxed feeling good 18 and now I'm
going to count backwards as part of an
exercise in which when you wake up a
little bit but not all the way and then
I count you back to or 20
you'll be deeper than if you I just go
into 20 in the first place so now 14 13
12 you feel yourself getting a little
bored awake a little more alert 9 8 7
you're about 1/2 more alert now 6 5 and
now we'll go back to 27 feel yourself
relaxing see how much quicker it is than
the first times you tried this 8 going
deeper 9 you feel your body just sinking
into the into whatever you're on 10 11
going much deeper now now twice as deep
14 going deeper 15 16 much much deeper
now 17 18 and going deeper 19
20 and now completely relaxed almost
floating it feels good now 21 22 deeper
than you thought was possible and this
is why you'll remember when you try to
relax later you'll remember the counting
you remember how you felt and you'll be
able to reproduce it just by remembering
it and counting yourself to 20 but now
I'm going to bring you back so that you
can get ready for your evening and
whatever is whatever's next 19 18 17
started to wake up 16 15 14 about
halfway there 10 8 7 almost awake no 6 5
you're gonna feel really good when you
wake up 4 oh my goodness it's gonna feel
great when you wake up 3 2 1
open your eyes if they're not already
open you're completely alert but more
relaxed and later when you you talk to
yourself back to 20 you're gonna have an
amazing sleep then I'll leave you with
that have a great night