[Music]
um hey everybody come on in here I hope
you're sleeping off your holiday weekend
got enough rest and you are ready to hit
it this week hit it hard and the best
way to start that is with coffee or a
beverage of your choice does it but it
doesn't take much all it takes is a cup
or a mug or glasses if there's time
shell this tank your thermos flask and
team Grail goblet vessels of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee enjoyed me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the don't between
the end of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous sip ready ready ready
ready come on savor it hold savor it
good okay well I don't know if you've
noticed but the the troubles on the Left
have a new have new marching orders and
man is frightening so I spent the last
day or so
slapping trolls on Twitter now sometimes
I just you know block them and walk away
but when the trolls get new marching
orders and they all come in with the
same kind of message it's a little more
interesting and I tend to engage now one
of the questions that people ask me is
because there's an article from Wired
Wired did a big interview with me when I
was doing my book Tomer recently and the
wired interview just dropped now I
haven't read it because I'm in so many
articles this month I don't read them
all but I tweeted it and
I twenty-two the article the article
focuses on really there's no reason to
focus on this except it was one
interesting part from my book loser
thang
and one of the things I focused on was I
talked about how to have some new rules
for civility on the internet and I
talked about my 48-hour rules for
apology apologizing in my 20 year rule
for just letting things go if somebody
did something more than 20 years ago and
it wasn't murder or something permanent
like that they just let it go because
they're different people but anyway the
point is the trolls came after me and
they were noting that I was insulting my
trolls just for fun the internet I do
have proof aden entertainment and people
said Scott Scott Scott's you hypocrites
you hypocrite how can you say you're in
favor of civility on the Internet at the
very same time you are insulting trolls
insulting trolls is the opposite of
civility to which I say I'm also opposed
to murder but if you break into my house
at night I will kill you is that
inconsistent I am opposed to murder
but if you break into my house in the
middle of the night I will kill you are
those inconsistent I don't think so I
don't think so at all if a troll comes
after you on Twitter you have a free
punch you can be as awful as you want
there's no rule of civility that says
you need to be nice to rude people
that's not is there any any form of
manners that suggests is you need to be
rude you know nice to an there's
no rule like that either I don't suggest
that anybody do it now
you might want to know why they're being
the way they're being if there's
something wrong with them it's like a
mental problem well then maybe you want
to walk away
but if patrol is coming in for political
purposes or just to be a sociopath and
just to hurt a stranger those people are
just a free punch why would you not take
a free punch on somebody who completely
deserves it so I do it for fun and
entertainment and fuel but so the newest
batch I'm trying to figure out where
they're getting their marching orders
because if you noticed in the last 24
hours or so maybe maybe a little bit
sooner than that they're coming with the
same approach and there are lots of them
and they're all trolls you can tell by
the by their accounts now they may not
be paid rolls but they're obviously
organized because they're coming with
the same messages so the messages
against me always take the same form
there's always the sincere guy I like
the sincere troll the sincere troll is
hi I used to love your comic but now
because I know you're a terrible person
I can never enjoy it again so I call
those the sincere trolls they try to
hurt me with sincerity now I don't
believe they were reading Dilbert
yesterday I'm sure none of it's true
so that's one flavor the other flavor
are the people who are asking me if I
support kids and cages and or Steven
Miller in the White House so apparently
there's some kind of general instruction
that trolls will go after whoever they
think is a trump supporter and they're
gonna ask them those questions
do you favor kids in cages or Stephen
Miller and it's sort of do you still
beat your wife kind of thing because you
know that they want to concentrate the
entire trump presidency into one
personnel question that I don't know
much about I mean I couldn't tell you
everything that is Stephen Miller does
or thinks the same with all the rest of
his advisers I don't know much about it
I know people say bad things
what are the odds that bad things said
about a thing people on the internet are
true low you know I mean could be true
could be not true so I don't have an
opinion about something I'm informed
about and really don't have a way to
become informed but that seems to be the
neutral attack is going after Trump
supporters directly one of the people
who is supporting this idea of going
after Trump supporters so remember in
2016 one of the worst of the stakes the
Hillary Clinton made was the deplorable
comment but even Hillary Clinton limited
the deplorable to a subset of
Republicans so even Hillary was saying
well you got your Republicans that we
just disagree with in essence I'm
paraphrasing you know the ones we just
disagree with politically but then
they're the deplorable
you know a percentage of them that are
irredeemable horrible people now that
didn't work out for her because people
correctly or incorrectly took deplorable
's to me and she was really talking
about all Trump supporters she wasn't
she wasn't but it was easy to twist it
into that as a political attack so
calling some percentage of Trump
supporters deplorable turned out to be
one of the worst political moves of all
time so they've decided to double down
instead of saying that some portion of
Trump supporters are deplorable the
newest attack is that anybody who voted
voted for ever says the good things
about Trump is supporting kids and cages
and way supremacy so they've doubled
down under thing that didn't work that's
so typical now there's a fellow who
works senior correspondent for Fox now
if I
reduce a topic by saying that it came
from a senior correspondent for Vox
what's your first thought well here's
some hot mess of thinking right here so
whatever I say next you know it's just
gonna be so bad crazy that I almost
don't even have to say it I could just
say and that a senior correspondent for
Fox said some things that are batshit
crazy the details probably don't even
matter but I'm going to give them to you
anyway
so he says bub
she says seems to be my my notes are out
of order as soon as I find it well
alright I will give it to you in rough
form he said that we should go after
damnit
the most important thing I wanted to
copy and paste sorry I'm making you wait
but this is totally worth it no I guess
that didn't print for some reason
alright so the point is this Vox
correspondent said basically he was in
favor of going after people as voters so
he said that the days of not going after
people for being having bad opinions
should be over and that you should shun
people socially and you should you know
go after them socially and otherwise for
having bad opinions and I responded and
I said remind me who gets to decide
which beliefs are abhorrent so the word
that he used was abhorrent and he said
that you should shun people with
abhorrent opinions and you shouldn't be
able to ostracize them and and be bad to
them and so I said who gets to decide
which beliefs are abhorrent
for example I don't know this to be true
but I'm guessing that a senior
correspondent for Fox is in favor of a
more
now I I stay out of the abortion
question because I would rather recuse
myself as the Pam let women to work it
out then I'll support whatever they they
come up with so I don't have a dog in
the fight
per se at least in terms of arguing
about it but it is nonetheless a
objective statement that half of the
country believes that someone who
supports abortion has an abhorrent
belief so if we were to use his standard
half of the country should buy his own
standard shun him and try to drive him
out in the country somehow I guess so
it's probably the most bankrupt
ridiculous stupid opinion you'll ever
see in your life because if you don't
have a standard for what abhorrent
behavior looks like you can't really
measure to it you can't really manage to
it so this is a part of a larger thing
so then the other troubles are the
laundry list trolls and a whole bunch of
them came down at the same time and
their laundry list list looks like this
this one from Glenn Craven on Twitter or
maybe Scott Adams could have decided not
to support a now watch the list of
ironic racist narcissist con man with no
real leadership acumen clearly pulled
into Russia and enamored of dictators
huge Rob Reiner
Rob Reiner comes also with the same same
kind of thing and Rob Reiner said
yesterday every elected Republican knows
that this president is guilty of
countless impeachable offenses I would
list them but then I would have to show
that there are no impeachable offenses
but their countless careless so many
impeachable defenses I couldn't possibly
list them all on Twitter but they
meaning the Republicans along with many
wait Evangelic ins and white
supremacists have made a pact with Putin
have they
have the white evangelicals and white
supremacists made a pact with Putin
but unlike a pact with the devil this
one can be unsigned in other words that
the Republicans can change their mind
it's not too late
so when I read this I say to myself is
this a political opinion or is it a cry
for help
in other words is Rob Reider signaling a
strong political opinion or is the
strong signal that he's got a mental
health problem that's the actual serious
question
that's a being completely serious
that's not a political statement is this
a sign of mental illness let me read it
again and just just just listen to it
now imagine that this is a prominent
person who knows he'll be noticed
you'll be noticed by lots of other
probability of people who could affect
his life in his career and so he sang
this in public and I would say you
believe that because but he's so
consistent you know I can't read his
mind but he's been so consistent I
assume he believes it so he thinks that
every elected Republican knows that
Trump is guilty of countless and
peaceable offenses does that sound like
a sane opinion that every Republican
knows the president is guilty of
countless of people offenses
there's no evidence of that there's
plenty of evidence to the contrary but
there's certainly darkness of that even
though the left there's evidence that
Republicans think he's done a lot of
impeachable things but they along with
many white evangelicals and white
supremacists have made a pact with Putin
really is that is that a sane mentally
stable statement they're white
supremacists have made a pact with Putin
what does that even mean what does that
even mean
I think it's just a mental health
problem that's disguising as a political
opinion is that too strong because I'm
not trying to exaggerate
you know my basic philosophy of life is
that people come up with their opinions
first and then they back into the
rationalization well here's my opinion
because of my feelings and now I'm going
to you know tortured away make it sound
like there was some reasoning that went
into it this is the cleanest example of
that because his opinion appears to be
just a mental health problem and again I
don't mean that as hyperbole now I'm not
a mental health professional so I can't
I'm not saying that he has a mental
health problem I'm making the nuanced
distinction I'm saying that I as an
untrained professional simply observing
him that he registers with me as having
a met with a pretty severe mental
problem that doesn't me is true and I'm
certainly not saying I'm qualified to to
diagnose it I'm just telling you the way
its received by me my impression as a
non-professional non non qualified
person is that it's a mental disorder of
some type that he's backed into some
kind of a reason and B and you could
tell me because the reasons don't make
any frickin sense at all I mean who
could possibly think that every elected
Republican knows not just suspects not
just has a few problems with the
president but every elected Republican
knows that this president is guilty of
countless impeachable offenses you
actually couldn't even count them
there's so many there's just no way that
that's a serious opinion from a person
with a stable working intellect it just
doesn't feel like it to me now I can be
wrong and I'm not qualified to do
diagnose mental illness but if I were
I'd be looking here to find some
all right so look for that I wonder if
their a/b testing it but it looks like
the new approach is to go after Trump
Trump supporters and say do you like
Stephen Miller do you like kids in cages
and try to try to make all Trump
supporters feel like they're garbage
people
in fact that's that's the most common
that guy the thing I see is that I'm a
garbage person because I write and talk
about Trump I'm a garbage person now let
me let me tell you let me show you a
picture and I came up with it's like
this let's see if you can see this so
this little dart sorry about that I
don't think I can light it up let's see
if I could put on the back light hold on
alright just ignore that just ignore
that bright spot in there so this is how
I see the world I see it I see politics
is sort of a circle so up at the top of
the circle you see people who are
exactly in the middle of the left and
right they put Biden up there just as
one example he sort of close to the
middle but he's he's left of it Trump is
farther from the middle so I put him
right in the the far right and then I
put Elizabeth Warren as sort of the the
opposite of that but down at the bottom
which would be both the far left and the
far right it's where they meet that's
basically a hate based philosophy now
they hate different things or different
people but they all start with hate and
then they rationalize it backwards so I
see them as the same I don't see any
difference between Nazis and anti foul
you could argue the Nazis have a bigger
death count but you know that's not the
relevant part the relevant part is that
they're all starting with hate and then
their reasoning backwards
from that it's like well I hate this
group of people so what's that mean
about my political opinions so that's
how I see the world and the the trolls
identify and the neo-nazis and the white
waste supremacist all the same all the
same category I don't make any
distinction and I think that's helpful
all right let's talk about a few other
things Canada is going more nuclear so a
group of premiers 3 premiers from three
different regions in Canada got together
and decided that they would start
supporting the design and building of
small modular nuclear power stuff now
it's going to take five to ten years
before any of these actually get built
but it's important it's important that
there were three of them and it's
important that they came up with a
long-range plan now on Twitter on
Twitter a gentleman said that Zach
Kanter so he's a the user on Twitter
Zach Kanter and he saw that article he
said what a huge drawback of nuclear
power is that it doesn't dismantle
systems of oppression it only produces
clean energy this makes it unsuitable
for solving the climate crisis which
isn't just about the environment and
then he showed a picture which is saying
that one benefit of climate change let's
say policy would be to dismantle the
entire patriarchy system basically the
entire system of government so I said to
myself huh what kind of background would
you have to have to have such a bad
opinion and what kind of training
experience
would you have to have to hold this
point of view because one thing I could
tell you for sure it's not economics and
it's not politics
probably not history so I said to myself
what kind of background is yeah so I
looked at his LinkedIn profile he has a
BA in science and marketing pretty good
and he's involved in some startups so he
is technical and he also has some
marketing pretty good smart guy so I'm
gonna say if you know if he were tape to
take an IQ test probably do really well
because he's got an advanced degrees
but what would science and marketing
tell you about changing the economic and
political system in this country now
much right so he's got this giant blank
spot if you study economics you're
certainly not well if you're honest
about it you're not trying to turn the
country into a completely different
socialist experiment but here's the
thing that most smart economists would
know if your country is doing better
than it has ever done in the history of
humankind your economy is the strongest
and separate and and on pretty much
every metric we're improving under those
conditions do you make a large a risky
change to your system it is the right
time to make a large risky change to
your entire system you're dismantling it
rebuilding it when things are going
better than they've ever gone before
now know is that a hundred percent of
economists would tell you the same thing
you know unless they're also in politics
in which case you know that that can
change things but I don't think there's
any anybody who has business experience
or economics experience who would tell
you that a good time to change
everything like a big
risky major change from the ground up
into your society in your economics and
everything is when everything is better
than December bent that's exactly the
time you don't do that so this is a
perfect example of what I call loser
think which is that the person involved
Zac Cantor from all indications is a
very high IQ person so there's nothing
about what I'm saying which should be
construed as saying anything about his
general intelligence because it looks
pretty high but he's got clearly a blind
spot for something really important
somebody says he's trawling meaning that
you can't tell the difference between
parity and reality right because I
tweeted that this morning this is one of
those opinions where you look at you go
I don't know is he just a really good
troll or does he actually believe this
then I look at his background I go oh
you could believe this he's got a blind
spot for economics all right one of the
weird effects of the Democrats voter
shaming project so that's what's
happening now that Democrats are trying
to shame Trump supporters into not
voting for them what is the unintended
consequence of that well they're
probably a few that we can't predict
well one of the unintended consequences
is that all of your political polls will
be shitty from now on would you trust a
political poll in an environment where
people are being ashamed for supporting
one of the candidates no you would not
so the voter shaving should have the
effect of making all future political
polls complete because the
Republicans are just going to stop
answering honestly now let me make a
recommendation if you're a trump
supporter you should answer the poll you
know if somebody calls you and says let
me pull you
and there you should lie you should lie
to the pollsters because it'd be really
funny I know some people are already
doing it's obvious to me it's obvious
that some Republicans are just lying
could be because they don't want to be
overheard by their own spouse that's a
real thing
but I would recommend it to all Trump
supporters if you get a chance to be
part of a poll because it's funny you
should lie somebody says we already did
and are and I've got a feeling I didn't
need to tell you that I I think I didn't
need to tell you that I think is just
sort of spontaneously happening
one of the reasons is Republicans like a
good practical joke am I right people
conservatives enjoy a good practical
joke and I'm not sure the people left
have the same type of sense of humor on
average you know obviously individuals
are are all over the place but not
average I think the left doesn't like a
good practical joke as much as people on
the right so play a good practical joke
somebody says I lied four years ago yeah
if somebody says yes it's a reflex yeah
look at all the people saying that they
already lied to pollsters well I think
that's gonna go down to overdrive
imagine how much fun you will have on an
election day if all the polls were wrong
again and Trump gets re-elected in a
landslide can you imagine how much fun
you're gonna have if he gets re-elected
in a landslide and all the polls were
wrong right up to Election Day come on
that would be funny you know it would
all right let's see what else we got
going on
all right a few more topics here Mexico
just had this gigantic gun battle
between the military and police and the
cartels 21 people dead and that's not
even counting wounded so this just
happened I think yesterday 21 people
dead in a gun battle between police and
the cartels
could you imagine that kind of news
happening in this country and apparently
what started it all was the cartel you
know rolled into some town in Mexico
near the border and and actually tried
to take over the town like Isis that the
cartel actually came in with a military
sized contingent to actually just take
over town and they succeeded they took
over a town they held territory and the
Mexican military came in and killed them
and a few of the several cops were or
policemen were killed at the same time
unfortunately now apparently the murder
rate in Mexico is a hundred a day on
average a hundred a day so let's make no
mistake the cartels are now a
essentially a Chinese proxy force too
strong there's a too strong to say that
the cartels are a Chinese proxy military
I think they are I mean that's not how
they see themselves of course but in
effect because they're handling Chinese
fentanyl which is shifted to this
country and kills tens of thousands and
that's supported by China it's supported
by their leadership because they they
have the ability to stop it they choose
not to so I think war is guaranteed
between the United States and the
cartels
and I'm going to make a further
prediction
it will not necessarily
I'll put it necessarily to add you a
little bit there won't necessarily be
with the cooperation of the government
of Mexico do you think there's any
chance that the government of Mexico is
not armed by the cartels there's no
chance of that the cartels have clearly
controlled the government of Mexico
so getting the Mexican government to
agree to u.s. military action because
the cartels couldn't ever happen because
the cartels own the military and if
somebody in the eye oh the government
there's somebody in the government of
Mexico said yeah go ahead come on in and
help us get rid of these cartel people
well that politician would be dead by
the afternoon so we can't get Mexico's
government's approval and we can't let a
Chinese military proxy force on our
border so I think we have to attack
China by wiping out the cartels
now if the cartels decided to change
their business from not being you know
to something that's not a Chinese proxy
military force well I might change my
idea of what we need to do about it but
given that it is an active attack on the
United States by a Chinese proxy force
the cartels I think we have every right
to go in militarily without anybody's
permission and and in fact there's no
practical way to get anybody's
permission you could ask but there's
nobody really to ask because it's just
cartels and people controlled by cartels
alright I was wondering if there's
something that might be called a Trump
effect that has changed the psychology
of the Hong Kong protesters as well as
the Iranian public apparently the
Iranian public is getting pretty serious
about protesting and rioting and trying
to take down their government or at
least influence their government
so there's a lot going on in Iran we
don't have a lot of reporting from it
but it's getting pretty pretty hot down
there and Hong Kong as well and the
thing that you would say about both of
those situations is one of the odds the
Hong Kong could ever prevail over China
like just on the surface of it you'd say
well zero right I mean if you had to bet
if you had to make a long-term bet all
right 20 years from now does China have
full control of Hong Kong or did Hong
Kong somehow win their autonomy which
way would you bet well you put all your
money on China eventually having full
control of just geographically there
there's just no way that's not going to
happen right
and yet the Hong Kong protesters are
fighting as if they feel they can win
because if you didn't feel you could win
you wouldn't put up this kind of fight
you'd move or you'd put up with it or
something so there's something about the
psychology of the Hong Kong protesters
that makes them think they can prevail
in what looks like an impossible
situation likewise the Iranian
protesters apparently feel they can make
some kind of a difference so they
wouldn't be doing what they're doing yet
one of the odds that that the street
protests can overthrow you know the
regime given the control that the regime
has very low what do you say no not
impossible you know nothing's impossible
but what are the odds that the Iranian
protesters will succeed on the surface
of things
looks pretty low but they don't think so
apparently because they're working
pretty hard at doing it so that's what
I'm calling the Trump effect I think
there are people fighting for freedom
who maybe before didn't think it was
within reach there's something about
Trump that makes you think anything's
possible I mean partly because he got
elected and then he keeps doing things
that are supposed to be impossible but
he's doing
them fairly routinely how about starting
to trade world with China
impossible well okay he's doing that
about wiping out Isis's
territorial holdings I said Bob okay he
did that and you could think of other
examples right how about moving the
moving our embassy to Jerusalem he can't
do that okay he just did that
how about recognizing the Golan Heights
as part of Israel he can't okay he just
did that I feel as though there's
something about the psychology of the
world and you see the Hong Kong
protesters in particular waving American
flags and thanking the president for
signing the that Hong Kong legislation
that puts some pressure on China so I
feel as though Trump has changed the
psychology of struggling people in
oppressive places he just might have
convinced them that they've got a shot
now I think I I hope they're not
depending on the United States to step
in because they might be and I hope
that's not the only thing to rely on
because I don't know how I don't know
how much we could possibly step in and
either these situations without making
them far worse because if the United
States gets involved directly you know
in some obvious way then you know the
the regimes in both cases can get
tougher because then it's like they're
fighting the United States so it's a
tough place to be but I think the world
is being affected by the the Trump
example in some way here is here's some
yeah I've got a couple of other topics
and that is oh let's talk about Lisa
Paige you know I like to update you on
my
diction's both good and bad for example
on the bad side I predicted a year ago
that Kabul Harris would get the
nomination for the Democrats if you had
to guess today you'd probably say Scott
that might be your worst prediction but
I'm sticking with it because the reason
for it didn't change it just I found out
new information which is she's the worst
campaigner in the history of campaigners
but it's also fixable she has the only
problem that could be fixed
get rid of your sister as your campaign
very easy now I don't know that she'll
fix it because firing your sister is
pretty tough
but let me say this as clearly as
possible if you can't fire your sister
you can't be our president table Harris
I'm talking to you if you can't fire
your sister you don't have what it takes
to be President fire your sister show us
you got you got at least a little spunk
show us that you're in charge and not
your sister because it's based on the
reporting it's pretty obvious that the
sister is the problem so that would be
an example of what will probably be a
wrong prediction but I'm sticky sticky
with it because I think it wouldn't be
fair to revise my prediction on that you
know just because the there's some new
information but there was one prediction
I made a long time ago that as far as I
know I am the only person in the world
who made it I so fact-checked me on this
this is a prediction I made that I
believe I believe I'm literally the only
person who ever made this prediction it
had to do with the the texts and emails
between lousã Paige and Peter struck in
which they mentioned they quote
insurance policy and you know that
everybody on the right said of the
insurance policy clearly and
unambiguously refers to the fact that we
need to get rid of Trump with you know
our clever legal
Nations as an insurance policy in case
he gets elected right and I said it was
I said it was nothing I said that once
you heard the context of it you would
not think that the meeting was we have
to get rid of Trump this way in case he
gets elected so now she is testified and
she said that what the insurance policy
referred to is the following that they
had this investigation in which there
wasn't much in the way of evidence that
there might be some suspicion of Trump
campaign colluding with Russia if we
elected Trump and he had that connection
to Russia that'd be a big problem
but since they they expressly believed
it was very unlikely he would get
elected they were kind of slow walking
the investigation because they thought
it would probably not matter you know it
was just one battery he just wouldn't
get elected it doesn't matter the
insurance policy was in case he got
elected in which case you really do need
to know if there's a Russian connection
but it wasn't so much about removing him
from office
it was simply in the context of doing
her job if you're if you're sending
President as a Russia and Tango mint
then you better make sure you've looked
into it so the insurance policy was just
looking into that's it in case it was a
Russian entanglement somebody says do
you believe here all right so that's a
fair question so the fair question is do
you believe her version of it or do you
believe that she well let's let's
diagram that out in order to believe I
stay with the year in order to believe
that what she meant was we need to
remove the president in sort of a coup
if he gets elected in order to believe
the coup version of the insurance policy
you would have to believe that Lisa page
thought it would be a good idea to have
a discoverable digital record of her
coup attempt do you believe that do
that a lawyer involved in the FBI who
was with an FBI guy her boyfriend
do you believe that she would have
written in a discoverable digital text
her intention to be part of a coup
attempt to overthrow the government do
you think that because you would have to
believe that in order to accept your
interpretation that she was talking
about a coup and she just put it right
there in a text message maybe you know
that falls into the category of
anything's possible right now compare
that to the interpretation that she was
just a government person doing her job
because her interpretation fits all of
the evidence and it is perfectly within
her job description it is perfectly
consistent with how you'd want an
employee to act would you want her to
treat the investigation as her highest
priority given that there was a in her
opinion 91% chance it would never matter
she did exactly what you would want your
employee to do she she slow walked a
little bit but made sure that they had
you know they were looking to win it
enough just in case there was something
to worry about now I know that some of
you are hating this because it's
triggering you into cognitive dissonance
if you just spent the last couple of
years thinking there was a smoking gun
and it was Lisa Paige talking about the
insurance policy you have to compare
that interpretation yeah I think I'll
put my coup attempt in a discoverable
digital form she's a lawyer working with
the FBI nobody who's a lawyer working
for the FBI puts a coup attempt in a
discoverable electronic form nobody you
know it'll never happen
I did say anything's possible but
there's nothing less likely than that
now what are the odds that she did her
job the way you should do a job which is
she said her priorities
she said what her priorities were and
then she told you how she was working
too
your priorities what are the odds that
that happened most normal thing in the
world
so one interpretation is the most normal
thing in the world that you prioritize
your work and see Centeno this probably
won't matter but as an insurance policy
let's make sure we're chipping away at
it most normal thing in the world versus
the most unusual thing in the world that
a lawyer working with the FBI would put
her coup attempt in a discoverable text
message seriously seriously
I mean sure anything's possible but
that's pretty unlikely so I believe I am
the only person who said that there were
that there would emerge an ordinary
explanation
can anybody fact check me on this from
the very beginning did I not say and am
I not the only person who said this find
me one other person who ever said this I
said that there would emerge and
ordinary explanation for the insurance
policy there it is
now you can disbelieve it but are you
but aren't you arrogance let me talk to
Jack Lew one who is saying with the
question mark arrogance if you care
handle this periscope in which I clearly
started with an example where I was very
wrong and that I gave an example in
which I'm right so I could balance it
out and your comment is arrogance you
need to step up your game there jack all
right this periscope you're allowed to
say when you do good things and you are
allowed to say when you do bad things if
that looks like arrogance do you need to
check yourself maybe that's something
about you that's making you interpret it
that way people can do people can be
right about things and people can be
wrong if I only talked about the things
I was right about well you might have a
you know you'd have a point there
but you don't I think you're missing
some big pieces of the story like
McCabe's secret meeting who
well the secret meeting rotted enough
they used the word secret but by far the
most likely explanation or ordinary
things so I'm gonna stick with that so
representative carried Adler's panel is
drawing up articles of impeachment and
are you not completely over this with
beach band stuff I feel as if the
Democrats I just put a tourniquet around
their own necks and they're twisting it
it's like you know we'll get them a
couple more twists and we'll get him I'm
just gonna twist this tourniquet on my
own neck a few more times than that
Trump will be an oval office
oh I mean a vessel that's what it looks
like he means Lisa's arrogance OS the if
the arrogance comment was about the
lawyer you you think you think that was
huge
the arrogance would explain why a lawyer
for the FBI would put treason in a
discoverable text message I don't think
arrogance arrogance doesn't quite fit
that situation I didn't block him out
Ukrainian president olenski continued
once again to deny he spoke with
President Trump quote from the position
of a quid pro quo so he gave this
interview to some big publications and
he was asked about that and he said look
I never talked to the president from the
position of a quid pro quo Solinsky said
and they said that's not my thing
I don't want us to look like beggars now
um you ask yourself how did this
comedian become president and then you
see this sentence
sentence that's not my thing I don't
want us to look like beggars that
sentence completely persuaded me because
until then until he until I read this
exact sentence I thought to myself yeah
well you know maybe nobody said quid pro
quo but you know he had to at least feel
that way like he had to at least feel
like you know there was something going
on it certainly must have felt that way
but look at this it's just this perfect
wording because that's not my thing when
somebody says that's not my thing that's
really persuasive I use that a lot by
the way people will accuse me of
whatever the people who accuse me of
horrible things and if you've ever tried
this it works really well you say you
know that's not that's not my thing
do you feel how how persuasive that is
because if somebody is really guilty and
they're just trying to defend themselves
they use like you know lawyerly
arguments like well that's not exactly
what I said and maybe you misheard me
and you know well I don't think you're
looking at the full context but when
somebody is truly and clearly nowhere
even in the same zip code as the
accusation depending on the accusation
sometimes this is just really persuasive
you just say you know that's not my
thing
it's just nothing I would do now I don't
have to defend I don't have to defend it
in this situation because I don't have
to defend it in any situation that's in
the category of things I don't do it's
just not my thing it's very effective
think about it and then he goes on to
say I don't want us to look like beggars
and I thought oh once again good command
of language because when he says I don't
want us to look like beggars do you feel
how do you feel when you hear that the
way you feel is you believe it
is so persuasive I don't want us to look
like beggars the reason you believe that
is that you would believe that no matter
who said it it wouldn't matter who said
it that's sort of this statement I don't
want us to look like beggars everybody
believes that nobody wants to look like
a beggar right so that's not my thing I
don't want us to look like beggars this
is the first time I've been convinced
that it literally never crossed his mind
that there was any kind of a quid pro
quo hanging over it he says but you have
to understand we're at war if you're our
strategic partner talking about the
United States then you can't go blocking
anything for us so he's saying it's not
a quid pro quo it's it's it's a simple
question we're at war
you're our allies there's stuff you said
you'd give us I'm not negotiating math
that's the wrong context is it's not
even a question of negotiating it's like
you should just be giving us this
because it's already agreed very good
framing then he says I think that's just
about fairness it's not about a quid pro
quo and he goes it just goes without
saying although he said it now fairness
of course is a persuasion term it's not
there's nothing fair in the real world
but in this context it works really well
so interesting no I don't think that
matters because you know impeachment
will go on no matter if there's a victim
or not a victim or whether the victim
knows he is a victim nothing that's
going to matter all right pretty sure I
had at least one other thing to talk
about here let's see if I do yeah that's
about it
so I think you're gonna see a lot of
race grifters coming after you in the
coming months between having the
election they'll all disappear right
after the election
but the of the Biden video of his finger
Biden so Biden Biden Joe Biden there's a
photo of him biting his wife's finger
now if you see it ahead of context while
talking about the hair and leg thing -
if you see that out of context that
looks really bad if you see it in
context it only looks a little bit bad
but it's weird so his wife was speaking
and gesturing and she didn't know that
he was he was standing to her side and
when she was gesturing with her hand her
hand was sort of going in front of his
face and he was he was reacting in a
funny way to the crowd by going you know
I tried to avoid her hand in a humorous
way and then to sell the gag you know
where her head was still out there he
just went and bit her hand so he was
just being funny but if you see it at a
context you just see him biting a hand
and the first thing you think is so it
works or somebody says what's a race
grifter a race grifter is all the people
who were coming after Trump supporters
to say that if you support kids and
cages and Stephen Miller that you know
you're a bad person
so they're using race to get a result so
their race grifters they don't really
care about the kids and cages they
really don't they care about usually
that's an issue so they're just grifters
because they don't care about the issue
they care about the power the other
video of Joe Biden has to be seen to be
believed
unless attuned to be believed it's the
one about he talks about being in a
swimming pool and the funniest part is
you see me surrounded by African
American children and he wanted to say
you could tell he wanted to say this and
if you didn't catch this replay the
video and watch it because you'll find
out why he went off the rails he started
to say that he had hairs on his legs
because he said he had very hairy legs
and that the hairs were and then he
paused did he see that
and then because the hairs are it looks
around and it's all african-american
kids rather and he wanted to say white
he wanted to say the hairs of my leg
were white but he looks around and he
realizes that that's somehow the wrong
word if you're standing in a group of
african-american children and he goes
the hairs on my leg which are blood do
people have blond hair leg I guess they
do but he goes blood and from that point
he was just lost the rails he talks
about people in the pool reaching and
and smoothing the his blood leg hairs
just so they could watch them come up
again and I just I'm watching this video
and you know just like he Wow what am I
seeing
so that was video alone that video alone
is certainly enough to take him out of
the race
all right so if you think there's any
chance of Joe Biden winning the election
just watch that video a lot of the other
videos like that the compilation videos
of his gas are really an exaggerated way
to look at something that's not as bad
as it probably looks but this video this
is the real deal this is a guy who's not
quite up to the task
alright alright I think that's all I had
for now and I will talk to you later