hey everybody good morning come on in
come on in
it's good to see all of you gather round
make sure you have your beverages your
receptacles ready which receptacles are
you saying
what kind of receptacle should you put
your morning beverage in well don't take
a chance you want to use one of these
things maybe a cup or a mug or a glass a
tanker chalice or Stein decanting Jirga
flask a vessel of any kind
fill er with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that dopamine
hailing the day the thing that makes
everything in better including triple
crises race crises pandemics economic
crises we don't care one sip and all of
that will go away go mm-hmm it's better
already
that's a little bit better by the way if
any of you try this experiment turn it
off all of your screens and walk outside
is it different well let me show you the
difference between looking at any of my
screens I'll use my phone as an example
versus turning my phone off and going
outside first I'd like to give you my
impression of just walking outside
without my screens pom pom pom pom pom
oh what a nice day summers coming - buh
buh buh buh buh buh okay that's me just
walk you outside without any of my
screens and now a one-act play on me
looking at any of my screens this month
let's see what's in the news
and seem and so I suggest if any of you
are feeling a little bit of tension a
little bit of stress are you worried
about the future maybe turn off these
things that are jacked into the part of
your brain that causes you to be excited
and stressed out maybe put that aside a
little bit just a little bit you'll feel
a lot better let's talk about the news
Wendy's the hamburger team last week
announced they were going to give half a
million dollars to I think some cause
that would help with black lives matter
to end racial discrimination and calm
down the racial problems in this country
half a million dollars from Wendy's so
it's pretty good in unrelated news
protesters burned down a Wendy's last
night so I guess that didn't work out
another news Trump is 74 today he's 74
years old which is way too old to be
President let's let's be honest the fact
that we even consider candidates who
will be over 70 when they're serving as
president it's just not good
that's just not good managing of your
country it really isn't
but I gotta say Trump won fair and
square against against who we ran
against so there's that you saw the
video the Trump critics are trying to
turn this into something so Trump gave
it gave his speech yesterday and then a
military person helped him down a ramp
after his speech now as he was going
down the ramp he was moving very
carefully as if there's something wrong
and so of course his critics figured
that the something wrong
what's Trump there must be something
wrong with him he can't walk however let
me give you some context just to throw
in there I don't know why he was walking
the way he was walking as it appeared on
camera but I will give you this context
if you're wearing the suit and you're
the president and you have all the money
in the world the odds of your shoes
being newish is pretty high right I
don't think the president wears old
worn-out shoes probably got quite a few
pairs and there are almost certainly on
the newer side of things new shoes are
slippery new shoes are slippery and so
are ramps ramps are slippery if you are
a certain age and you've got slippery
shoes and you're walking down a slippery
ramp you walk exactly when the way the
President did and if you're smart you've
got somebody next to you holding your
arm because the odds of you going down
are pretty good you're pretty good it
doesn't matter who you are if you got
slippery shoes on a slippery ramp now do
I know that the ramp was slippery nope
do not but I can tell you that I've
given lots of speeches on stages
sometimes there were ramps sometimes I
had to navigate a ramp with slippery
shoes off do you know how I walked just
like Trump you take steps they're like
one inch you're like uh-uh so you don't
take big steps you take the smallest
step you can and just try to stay over
yourself because you think you're going
down especially if people are watching
right so I would say that's a lot of
nothing but I would extend at that point
to this video lies now you're saying to
yourself oh yeah I know that a video can
be manipulated no no I'm not talking
about manipulated video I'm talking
about ordinary video
he was ordinary video of lies basically
every time now why do I say that I don't
mean that it lies intentionally I mean
the all video leaves out stuff and the
stuff it leaves out could easily be as
important as what do you see for example
the video of the president walking down
the ramp what was shown was the
president having some concern walking
down a ramp the video showed that very
clearly what did it not show you well it
didn't show you issues it didn't show
you the bottom of issues to see if there
are new ish in Slippery it didn't show
you the ramp so you can get an idea if
they had modified it to have any
gripping stuff on it because if there
was some kind of a rug on the ramp or a
mat in which it was not slippery at all
you'd say to yourself oh okay
that's that's good context so now I
really do have to wonder why he was
walking that way the video doesn't show
you what the president was wearing under
his suit probably a lot of armor right
body armor he's in public so he's got
unusual body waiting he's 74 years old
he's on a ramp it's probably slippery
how much of that did you see on the
video basically none the important
variables weren't even on the video
likewise I would say that every video
that you see about every topic is a lie
it is a lie and I should be your first
assumption our first assumption at the
moment is if you see something on video
video for god sakes you see it on video
it's just like you're there so your
first instinct is wow if I'm looking at
it and it's right on video the odds of
it being misleading are wrong or what
what's your what's your first instinct
if you see it with your own eyes on
video your instinct is well it could be
misleading I mean it could be but I'm
looking right at it
I'm gonna say I know top of my head
95% chance that what I'm seeing is the
correct and accurate story about 95%
chance do you know what the real number
is I don't either but I'm gonna put a
guess on it the real number of the times
that you would see a video and let's
limit it to videos that are national
topics so I'm not talking about a video
of your kid's birthday party that might
be perfectly accurate I'm talking about
any video that has caused a national
conversation I'm talking about the
important ones the ones that really move
the news what percentage of them do you
think are accurate now accurate would
mean that it gives you enough of the
story that you don't need anything else
there's nothing left out there's no
context that's important there's nothing
after the video ended that mattered and
there's nothing before it happened that
mattered so how often under that under
that scenario how often is the video
that you see on big national events how
often is it accurate I would say closer
to 20 percent of the time that would be
my guess because there's a rule and play
that's very counterintuitive and the
rule is that the reason it's in the news
is because it's shocking what makes
something shocking what makes something
shocking is that it shouldn't happen
it's a violation of expectations in a
very major way or a violation of what's
right or proper or or or should happen
that sort of thing now in any case
whether there's a video or no video and
I just would suppose you just heard this
you don't know if there's a video you
don't know what evidence is involved but
there's a claim and it's a shocking
claim that's all you know something that
doesn't often happen or shouldn't happen
or should never happen in a world that's
operating right is reported to have
happened how often does it
that it's true and the answer is almost
never yeah you don't realize that
because you get caught up in the details
of things and there are so many things
that do turn out just the way you
thought so you don't notice this special
category and one the first time I read
about this you just blew my head off
because once you've heard about it you
see it everywhere and the special
category is that you hear a story that a
man bit a dog so that's wrong right dog
bites a man that's not so unusual but a
man bites a dog well that's in the news
how often when you find out all the
details about that story about the man
who bit a dog how many times out of all
the times that has happened does the
story turned out to be exactly what you
thought there was a man there was a dog
that man been a dog and the answer is
close to zero close to zero so the
moment you hear a story like that man
bit a dog your instinct should be close
to zero
that is true but in fact your instinct
is the exact opposite because you still
even people who know that fake news is
massively you know pervasive even people
like that you still think the news is
probably true 95 percent of the time
it's just a it's just a reflex you can't
really turn it off because it comes from
sources that you know by their design
are meant to look credible so I'm going
to extend that point about anything
that's is an unusual story of the type
of Man Bites Dog then if the video shows
a man biting a dog it's also a lie not
every time not a hundred percent of the
time but really close really close to a
hundred percent of the time so your
first assumption should be on every
video you see from today on because now
you've learned this
so from from this day forward no matter
how obvious that video is and let's say
again we're limiting it to things that
were so shocking they made it on the
news your first reaction should be
probably not true and in fact it
probably should be in the 90 percent
range plus right but in fact we we have
a society that operates on the opposite
assumption and this is what we got so
what you get is exactly what you see and
it should be getting much worse because
now that it's clear that you can use a
misleading video to make any point you
want what are the odds that there will
be more misleading videos in the
atmosphere 100% 100% so you should be
seeing in the next few months just a a
blizzard of misleading video most of
them will be lies now the weird thing
about these lies if I can call them that
is that they can even lie in the right
direction and what I mean by that is the
video could be completely misleading and
give you the opposite conclusion from
what you should have concluded but it
could also be completely misleading and
lead you to a conclusion that's correct
just by coincidence so it could be that
everything you saw the other video is
just total BS but by coincidence
the bad impression you got was also
coincidentally true so that could happen
so it's a very confusing situation
speaking of news that gets corrected
Bret Baier apologized for Fox News
showing an offensive graphic I talked
about this before but the apology is
worth noting and the graphic showed how
the stock market reacts based on
different tragedies including you know
famous in the news shootings of black
people including MLK now of course most
of you have probably exactly the same
reaction that
had when I saw it which was is this even
real did somebody think that was okay to
put on TV turns out it was real it was
real they really put that on TV now I
would not call that a a man biting a dog
weird situation because weird an
offensive graphics on the news are
pretty common pretty common so that
doesn't fit into so unusual that you
shouldn't believe it but here's what's I
liked about this story if I could add
some positivity so Brett Baier I guess
it was on his show that was shown I gave
an apology and it was unequivocal
unequivocal meaning it was just a
complete apology complete mistake sorry
fixed it I give Bret Baier a plus and
Fox News as well now again I remind you
that my standard for judging people is
the following and I recommend it to you
all I do not judge people by their
mistakes because if you did you're gonna
hate everybody right if you judge people
by their mistakes who's left really I
mean I get to be Jesus for a moment but
you know you know like he who is without
sin cast the first stone kind of rings
true in my world all right you know show
me the perfect people you can't so
judging people by their mistakes well of
course and in the sense of the legal
system you still have to judge them
because you have to have a system that
works but in terms of non legal issues
of just you know offense if somebody
apologizes this cleanly and I think it
was within 48 hours I use that as my
standard for quick enough I say a plus
so Fox News based on the standard which
I apply which I'd apply to anybody yeah
everybody's the same on the standard a
perfectly clean and clear apology no
ambiguity no excuses a plus I would like
to see a lot more of that in the world
now I'm not big on apologies in general
I'm not big on
just because you offended somebody but
in this case the apology is very clear
this was a mistake we see it too didn't
see it at first but now we see it and
apologizing for an actual mistake always
acceptable in my world apologizing for
somebody is opinion of what you did well
that's a little different you don't
always have to apologize just because
someone else was offended but if you can
see it - once they pointed it out you go
ah man I see it - yeah apologize that's
my advice all right
Facebook fired I love this story I can
all these feel-good stories for tea for
you today I'm also going to solve racism
in policing so I'm gonna do that today a
little bit later that's worth waiting
for
we'll go to the whiteboard for that so
Facebook fired an employee because the
employee criticized another employee on
Twitter for not adding a statement of
support for black lives matter to
documentation on an open source project
so let me say this to Mark Zuckerberg
and Facebook you know I like many people
yeah I've been critical of Facebook I've
said lots of bad things about Facebook
right you know we all have we all have
our criticisms as a company it's one of
the great companies of all time dr. Berg
himself say what you will about you know
I know you've got your opinions but as a
CEO and as an entrepreneur he's pretty
damn good I mean really really really
good and I think there's general
agreement that Zuckerberg is just really
really good at this stuff yeah it's not
an accident that Facebook is big and so
they fired the employee who complained
as opposed to firing of course that
wouldn't make sense because the other
employer was on
what'd he wait fired an employer
publicly criticized oh yeah now it was a
Facebook employee so facebook employee
criticized the Facebook employee and got
fired for it and I say good job Facebook
well I wasn't expecting Facebook to be
the one that drew the line you know like
what's too far and you figured that it
would be the Conservatives we're pushing
back at whatever this you know creeping
change in society is and that if it gets
too far it'll be the let's say the
conservative wall of resistance that
stops it if it can be stopped at all
but it looks like Facebook just said and
that's far enough
yeah you could if you're complaining
about another employee who isn't
complaining enough you're just a dick
all right that's no longer about the
issue that's about you being a dick to
another employee and if you're gonna be
a dick to another employee your ass is
fired at a Facebook Facebook
yeah I gotta be fair I criticize them
all the time but they got this right
they got that as right as you can get
something right all right another fun
story in a weird way is an anti fast and
a Christian preacher somehow got into
the mix there he snuck in somehow
started preaching some stuff and they
didn't like what he was saying I think
it was maybe not pro and Tifa enough and
so agree a group of antiva grab the
preacher put him in a chokehold they put
him in a chokehold and as they put the
chokehold on up and the guys yelling
you're joking me I can't breathe so yeah
and I'm not making fun of George Floyd
that part is beyond
you know way beyond any anybody joking
about that I'm only joking about auntie
first and and and this preacher guy
getting choked because if there's one
thing well all right the fun part about
this is watching auntie fest and realize
that they're gonna have to recreate
everything that they hated in order to
exist they'll just recreate systems that
were a problem so they've already got a
wall they built a racist wall on day one
they built a racist police force on day
two now they're putting people in
chokeholds for for violating freedom of
speech and I guess their program now and
uh uh and they segregated through if it
started Jim Crow laws and Jim Crow laws
in their public garden anyway and again
I tweeted this yesterday and I didn't
get very many retweets and I I have
these two feelings about the you know
the people in and Tifa stand on one hand
is completely unacceptable they're
taking other people's property you know
we can't have a system that allows you
know random chaos you have to have some
kind of control for the Persis ayat II
to work you know so I've got a long list
of my complaints right but it's not all
complaints I can't shake the fact that I
have a natural affection for rebels
people who just can't stand the system
people are going to break the system now
it's one thing if you're just a criminal
alright if you're just the criminal I
don't have too much sympathy for you but
if you're if you're higher level
thinking is that you're not trying to
hurt anybody per se you just have a
different idea of how the world should
run etc even if it's a wrong idea
there's something about rebel energy
that I just like I like it I'm not going
to apologize for that
because I know you'd like me to write
when you like me too
apologize to that because I shouldn't
say anything positive about the about
the lawless rebels who were taking over
an Tifa stand I agree to the whole list
of what's wrong with that the whole list
at every check box there's nothing on
the list that I disagree with you about
the bad parts but I just sort of like
rebels you know I and I don't want to
hide it because I feel like I'd just be
lying to you if I hid that and I'll go
further and say that although and Tifa
stand by itself may not be the most
productive use of energy we're going to
learn a lot and if the only thing that
came out of this is hey let's try the
same experiment but in a more
appropriate place someplace where
they've planned a better someplace where
the only people there other people will
want to be there someplace where you
know they haven't taken over anybody's
land or property or anything like that
so I think there's a way for that energy
to be channeled into something that I
would be fully supportive of which is
people who just want to try something
new now trying to change the entire
country because some small groups of
people have you know an idea about that
well maybe it's impractical but trying
it in a community and then find again it
works or what works and what doesn't and
then extending that learning to other
communities or you know maybe in 20
years the whole country says you know
these experiments work so well let's
just change our whole system could
happen wouldn't rule it out so I am
supportive in a weird emotional way
while I agree with you a hundred percent
the law and order must be restored
eventually I wouldn't hurry about it
because I think we're learning something
just by watching it yeah you know and
the week or two isn't gonna make that
much difference to anybody all right I
know you want me to talk about the new
video of race yard Brooks who was the
man who was killed at the Wendy's by
police and I'm gonna make a general
comment
so I'm only gonna talk generally so it's
not about this incident it's not about
black people it's not about race general
comments I don't care about anybody
I don't care their ethnicity not
relevant I don't care about anybody who
fights with the police officer and gets
killed I don't I just don't care about
them now that's different from saying
everybody did the right thing it's
different from saying the police did
exactly what they should have that's
different from saying maybe there's a
better system where this could never
happen I'm up for all of those
conversations but I will not care you
can't make me care about somebody who
wrestled with a cop and got his ass shot
now CNN is reporting this as this poor
man was getting ready to celebrate with
his daughter or her birthday okay
everybody's human everybody's got a
human side but that feels like trying to
whip up racial division so that CNN
Headline looks like nothing but an
attempt and naked attempt to make people
more racist meaning make people hate
each other for race so see that's
despicable
that they would treat it that way now I
also agree any person who is killed
whether it be in the line of a crime or
anything else they're still human beings
and still have to be fully valued as
human beings no exceptions to that but
how much I care personally about any
person you know white black or anything
else who gets killed by a cop after
wrestling with a cop I mean they were
actually on the ground and that asked
that it looked like the cop at least one
of them might have been injured it
looked like he was limping and I don't
know I'm gonna save all of my sympathy
for other people do you know who I care
more about a lot more a black kid who
couldn't get lunch today I care about
that I care about a black kid who
couldn't get lunch care about that a lot
do I care about a guy who wrestled with
the police and got his ass in shot zero
zero Fox I don't care about that even a
little bit you can't make me there's
nothing you could do to make me care
about that so and then on top of that my
other larger issue is stop making me
look like an idiot by debating anecdotes
I refuse to be an Inuk doe idiot can we
all agree that the problem is not what
happened one day in one place ever the
the big conversation if that's the
tragedy even if it's a you know crime
that's not what the conversation is
about it's about the larger issue of you
know pervasive racism
don't show me anecdotes if that's your
argument if your argument is the big
picture show me the data of the big
picture and take all the anecdotes away
because the anecdotes do nothing but
making it worse I would argue however
that the George Floyd thing did one very
useful thing for society which is it
made us really talk about an issue that
we're having trouble talking about and
there's a very interesting thing
happening right now as in right now
which is that you know the first several
days because everything was so raw for
summer days after the George Floyd
tragedy
emotions were so raw that I think by
general common sense and decency that
anybody who had a dissenting opinion on
that just said and I think you have to
have some appreciation for this I think
everybody should appreciate the
following statement there were a lot of
people who had dissenting opinions right
away about their opinion of what we
could or could not know about that
situation based on the video those
people with dissenting opinions just out
of a sense of decency and also self
press
I'm sure held off and just said let's
let's step back and we're not going to
be we're not going to be quibbling the
details on this one like this one isn't
the one for debate this is the one we
all felt it the same way the details the
legalities the technicalities of it
that's going to come later and those
will matter a lot but what we saw was a
shared experience and I think that I've
never seen so much unity on anything in
the United States which was the first
you know hours and days after it the
people with dissenting opinions just
kept them to themselves and I think that
that was again it's the dog that doesn't
bark so you don't notice it so much you
don't notice what doesn't happen but
this was a gigantic thing that didn't
happen meaning that a lot of
well-meaning people said okay I see it
you know I've heard it in the statistics
I heard the argument maybe I had a
different sense of the statistics but I
didn't feel it like I could hear the
complaints from the black community
about police abuse I hear it well I'll
feel it and then you watch the video and
now it's different now you hear it but
you also feel it like you can feel it
just it's almost like it's you because
you were just there you know it was part
of your almost your experience even
though the video you know give you some
distance didn't feel like distance
didn't feel like much of a distance at
all when you're watching it it felt like
you were inside the video it was that
powerful so I would like to you know
shout out to the people who held off the
people and of just simple human decency
said at the moment this is not this is
not for fighting this is not the debate
moment this is a moment for something
else so they stood back however there's
a time in the place for everything
the brave people who were waiting in in
include people like Sam Harris who I
think risked his entire life and career
by doing a podcast in which he simply
talked about the data and the statistics
and tried to put this in context in the
most rational way that you can and will
probably be canceled for it I don't know
if he has been yet but it was pretty
provocative without being bad intentions
and without anything that I heard that
was wrong you know there was some tea to
guess in there but that wasn't the topic
of it
and then I was just listening to ben
shapiro yesterday and ben shapiro was
also finally you know i think he too
like everybody else just out of a sense
of decency just held off a little bit
but now he's just starting to ramp up
into full speed you this is one of those
situations where you need a full Shapiro
you know I didn't mean you know what Ben
Shapiro operating at 25 percent power
because that's not enough yeah you want
you want a Ben Shapiro that's that's
full throated got that yesterday I don't
know how much he said before that I'm
sure he's been leading up to this but at
this point he's just telling you the
truth as he sees it and again we're all
seeing our own truth but he's a strong
voice so now you've got a Sam Harris
who's telling you you know him very
what's the just honest and well-meaning
but provocative as hell even even though
it's honest and well-meaning and now she
bureaus in the fight alright so those
are two people who just risked their
entire lives to make this better they
did that they both risk when I say their
life well yeah literally their life
because I think you could be in physical
danger
you could be in physical danger for even
having the opinions that they've
expressed in public even though they're
well-meaning and based on facts and
rationale doesn't matter doesn't matter
it all
you know Tucker's a little bit of a
different category because I think he's
playing to an audience a little bit more
so if you were to compare Tucker's
presentation it's a little more let's
say right-leaning whereas i would say
that sam harris is not right leaning at
all nobody makes a similar case he just
doesn't do it with a right leaning bent
and I would say that Ben Shapiro's take
on it you would expect it to be leaning
right but you don't see that much of it
you know I mean there's reference to
family of course but you take that out
with this otherwise it's just statistics
so and I've been trying to speak
honestly on this topic but of course it
gets harder and harder but I'm going to
be a little bit more you know following
their lead if you will if we assume that
they're taking a leadership position on
the question and I think that's obvious
they are then I will follow their
leadership and you know move in the same
direction just being trying to be a
little more honest about a topic that is
hard to be honest about so I'll just try
to move that a little bit and we'll do
that today in a minute all right here's
an illusion that I think is hurting the
world see if you think this is an
illusion conservatives don't care about
other conservatives who break the law
now what about it this way if if you
heard a story in the news about a black
American who broke a law and the police
killed them in the process of trying to
catch him let's say there was some
resistance and then there was an
identical story of a white Trump
supporter who was also a criminal broke
the law or resisted arrest police killed
him two identical stories black guy and
a white conservative if you're black
what do you think conservatives think
about those two stories what's your
opinion because you probably think I'm
just guessing I
she opens in terms of a question so
rather than make it a statement because
I don't have facts to back it up I'll
put it in the form of a question if
you're if you're a member of the black
community in America do you think
conservatives would see those two
identical situations the same would they
see a trump supporter who broke a law
resist arrest and got killed the same as
if a you know a black Democrat did
exactly the same thing would
conservatives see them the same and the
answer is not just yes but hell yes why
would you even ask that stupid question
it's hell yes right it's not even yes
it's yes squared yes times 1000 how many
times can I say yes those are
identical to conservatives identical
because there's one standard did you
follow the law did you follow the
Constitution did you yourself do some
dumb ass thing that got you shot not my
problem all right
not my problem I think that that would
be the conservative view I think that
the black population believes that
conservatives would favor a conservative
who is in exactly the same situation if
you changed this Wendi's situation and
you just replace Rashard Brooks the the
person who was killed if you just
replace it with a white guy do I give a
 about that white guy not any not
even a little I do not care about that
white guy in fact that white guys look
making me look bad right because
everybody thinks that I'm responsible
for everything that any white person
does isn't that how it works
like you're all responsible for anything
that anybody does who has any
commonality with you even if you've
never met them I hate that fricking
white guy I'm glad the police gunned him
down in case you're wondering what I
think about the white guys no love no
affection no no
I don't I don't give a about the
white guy who got shot by police if he
wrestled with him and I'm certainly not
going to extend that caring to any other
group so I just think that's useful to
know for context here's a question what
should the police do if the suspect runs
what does the law allow the police to do
if a suspect runs because if you if the
police can't shoot a suspect who is
running and the suspect is capable of
outrunning them which I would think
would be many suspects you know a lot of
the people get stopped off and are young
and healthy the police officer who stops
them is often near burdened with
equipment on his body and typically not
nearly as healthy or as fast as a young
twentysomething person of any any race
who gets stopped what is what is the
rule for what a police officer can do if
they can't catch him on foot and they
can't shoot him so if I got stopped by
the police for any crime let's say I was
wanted for robbing a bank
let's say I was wanted for murder but I
don't have a weapon on me so there's no
weapon on me and I've been stopped on
the suspicion of murder
the police say hey you know put up your
hands and turn around and then I do this
I put up my hands and then I turn around
and I just run I just run I'm not a risk
I have no weapon right so I just run can
they shoot me cuz I'm 63 years old and I
don't really think they could catch me
honestly I don't think they could catch
me even in my age I'll bet I can outrun
the police most of them not every cop
right a 20-something year old cop is
gonna catch me but give me a 45 year old
cop you know with full police gear on
him I can outrun that guy so should I do
that
should-should i just now run him every
time because you can't have a system
based on that so I just have a question
about the rules now obviously if the
person running away was a serial killer
and you were pretty sure about that you
could probably kill him because you're
saving society if it's a terrorist and
you're pretty sure about that you could
probably kill him
if he's running away if he just shot
somebody and he still has a gun in his
hand and he's running away
he could probably kill so there's lots
of situations where you could certainly
shoot somebody in the back
I think am I wrong about that scene
lesson no it was going by but I don't
know which question you're you're asking
so let me suggest the following the
police should always have a body cam or
at the very least they should have a
camera and when they stop somebody
before that person turns to run away you
should take a picture if you have
somebody's picture and especially if you
have their car with their license plate
you know who they are if you have
identified somebody either by taking
their picture because later you could do
facial recognition on that so a picture
or a license plate or looking at their
ID probably tells you who they are in
this specific case where you know the
identity of somebody who's running away
and they're not an immediate risk
shouldn't that be good enough if you
know who they are that's good yeah so
this is in the form of a question
because I think you'd have to really
work in police support enforcement to
have a better sense if that's a good or
a bad idea but what's different is you
can now take a picture of somebody and
identify maybe not on the spot but you
could certainly figure out who they are
from their pictures if you can identify
somebody can you force them to come in
to the police department and give
themselves up maybe in the old days you
couldn't in the new days you could close
down their entire life in other words
let's say the police know that you ran
away and they have their
so the first thing they do is I send you
an alert on your phone beep the police
have a warrant out for you come in or
your phone service will be turned off
and you're like whoa next day you don't
come in your phone service will now be
limited you cannot use the internet
because your phone service is now
limited you can't text you can make a
regular phone call and call 911 that's
Evan your next message comes in you your
your name has been given to all
retailers so you can't buy anything
comes in your credit has been ruined you
can't you'll never be able to get a loan
you'll never be able to renew your
license you'll never be able to buy
insurance you'll never be able to get
married own a gun legally owned a gun
you'll never be able to have the rights
of a citizen and we're gonna track you
forever because since you have not you
since you're now surrendered we're gonna
track your phone everywhere and we're
gonna listen in on it anytime we want
now obviously they'd have to get a
burner phone or something like that but
the point is you could create so much
discomfort digitally that you could
probably force some people to either
come in or to live a life off the grid
which is pretty hard these days so I
don't know if that's a good idea or a
bad I just throw it in the mix and the
only thing I'm adding is that technology
allows us to know who somebody is in a
way we never could have known before and
once you know who somebody is there
might be other ways to squeeze them
rather than shooting them in the back as
they run away a Greg Gutfeld asks this
provocative question when this is over
how will we deal with all the anchors
who incited a race war and ignored the
statistics because that is what happened
there were people who went on TV and
sparked a race war for money yeah
because it's their job they get paid and
they knew that that would be good for
ratings so who knows what they were
thinking but that's what happened
here's the funniest thing the funniest
tweet I saw today
I laughed pretty hard at this so this is
from Ephraim Norwood Twitter user and he
was referring to a tweet of mine about
brian Stelter 'he's new book now brian
Stelter has a book and the funny thing
is that the title of the book is hoax
it's a he works for a network that
there's nothing but push hoaxes and
indeed Mike sort of itch did this
acclaimed documentary called hoaxed with
an ad on the end which is one of the
best things you'll ever see by the way
if you haven't watched certain of itches
movie hoaxed google it and find it and
watch it it's sort of mind-blowing I
would say it's an you know in the past
year I've only probably you know
absorbed three or four things that I
really enjoyed in terms of movies and
and that was one of them
so watch that anyway so brian Stelter
imagine him in your head you all know
who brian Stelter is and he wrote a book
million folks and this is what Ephraim
Norwood said in his tweet he said it's
writing a book my god it's evolving
where's this going next it's evolving
now I appreciate a good insult even when
it's directed at me you've probably seen
this every once a while there'll be a
troll who insults me so cleverly on
tweet on Twitter that I could just have
to give it a like this isn't like wow
that's pretty good and admit that's
pretty good insult so I always
appreciate a good insult so nothing
personal against brian Stelter I'm not
I'm not not really a big fan of making
fun of people for appearance but that's
pretty funny he's evolving I don't know
why that's so perfect all right now
let's cure racism I got 10 minutes left
last night I had this thought I may or
may not have been a little bit high and
I wrote it under my whiteboard because I
wasn't sure I would remember it in the
morning and when I first had the thought
I thought to myself I think this is a
great idea but I wonder what it will
look like in the morning you ever had
that situation yeah in the you know at
night you write down an idea or you wake
up from a dream or something you write
down an idea and then the next morning
you look at your idea and you're like
what the hell is wrong with me I should
seek help this is the worst idea ever
well this idea seemed brilliant last
night and was just as good this morning
and I think I can end police racism
killing so I'm just going to narrow it
to police killing more black people than
white people as a ratio right here it is
by the way you go love this you're gonna
love it and hate it at the same time
here's the idea create a prediction
market also known as a betting market
and you make the predictions based on
what you think the coming year will
yield in terms of police killings I'm
looking at the comments you see a don't
you I don't even have to finish this do
I if you make a betting market on the
statistics of police shooting and so
long as you're tracking it several ways
because that's the problem right you
want that you want all the different
statistics that everybody thinks are
relevant so one would be making a bet on
the total number of white people killed
in the coming year by police another
would be the total number of black
people killed now of course that doesn't
tell you anything about racism you'd
have to dig deeper so you'd have those
betting markets as well you'd have the
betting market for the percentage as a
percentage of population but that also
doesn't tell you everything you need to
know you'd have one for the percentage
of people who were stopped by police
versus the whole population but again
that doesn't tell you everything he
needs
No so you want to look at it for as many
things as you can measure you get them
all everything you can measure even if
you think it's not the total answer by
itself it's part of the mosaic of of
data you build a betting market and
here's what's going to happen what will
what will people on the Left bet people
on the Left will bet that the statistics
will show there is racism and they're
going to bet on that
what happens if they lose well if they
lose then our ideas of what the
statistics are will come together right
now there are two different worlds of
statistics there's the left statistics
they say that racism is rampant and it's
obvious in the data the Conservatives
have different data that says the data
doesn't show racism the way you're
explaining it anyway racism does exist
everybody agrees but in terms of police
killing by race conservatives say all
the data says that isn't happening so
have you make how do you fix the problem
when people can't agree on the data a
betting market a prediction market let's
call it a prediction market because it
would be highly inappropriate to bet on
people being killed especially by race
so can we all agree that there's extreme
inappropriateness of betting on police
killing people by race you would agree
right extremely inappropriate and you
wouldn't do this unless you were adult
enough to know where it's heading and
the adult enough to know where it's
heading is it's probably the only thing
that will bring us together because when
you take it down to money people stop
screwing around
alright I will say something well maybe
I wouldn't people will say something
that is a little bit untrue to win for
their team but they won't do it when
they bet their money on it people don't
bet against what they think is going to
happen but they will still certainly
argue
against what they think will happen they
will certainly exaggerate something if
it gives them advantage in an argument
but they won't bet on it if it's their
own money so if you turn it into a
betting market and you have the right
things tracked which is also key if
you're tracking the wrong things it's
not going to help you at all
but if you track enough of the things
you will eliminate disagreement about
the statistics and once you've
eliminated disagreement about the
statistics you've also eliminated that
now let's say it goes the other way
what if conservatives are the ones that
are completely wrong and once they start
tracking this thing conservatives keep
losing their bets so what would happen
if let's say conservatives that billions
of dollars that that discrimination of
this specific type would not be found in
the data what happens if they bet
billions of dollars and then lost well
there would be billions of dollars that
would be transferred to the people who
were aggrieved
yep assuming that they're betting on
their own opinions so black people could
just theoretically hear black people
could that that their version of reality
will be reflected in the data in 2021 so
they could place bets and if they win
they're gonna probably the odds are
going to be in their favor right they
might have 10 to 1 odds that they're
gonna be right because that's a lot of
people think that they're right so they
would win billions of dollars that would
effectively be reparations somebody beat
me to it in the comments that's right so
the betting market would be in effect a
reparations market and the only thing
that black people would need to do in
order to take advantage of it is to be
accurate in their understanding of the
world so if their understanding of the
world is more accurate than the people
betting against them they would make a
windfall and they could just it would be
a money machine yeah you could just
betting and winning and betting and
winning every year you can bet every
year and win every year unless they're
wrong in which case that moves your head
- what am I done oh I'm not done come on
you think that's enough no way I would
also like to see an internet test to
identify low information voters there
was a new study that was written up in
some Stanford publication it doesn't
matter for the study is for my purposes
but it was a new study this said so this
is brand new just today I just read
about it I'm not sure when it came out
but I think you'll see it in my Twitter
feed study comes out and says that in
Oakland
so Oakland is important so you have to
know where the place is a study showed
that police would stop frisk and
handcuff black motorists I just made up
that number but it's some multiple like
that three to five times more weights
way more it's not even close
so it's way way more and then you would
have a test and you'd say list at least
three errors or omissions that would
make this less credible than they would
like it to be now I did this on Twitter
just before I got on here and I didn't
tell people I did not tell people what
the three errors were because it turns
out they're more than three but let me
give you just a sense of them here's
what they left out did black police
officers stop black motorists at the
same rate as white police officers isn't
that obviously missing because what if
you found out that we don't know what if
you found out that black police officers
at Oakland stopped black motorists
exactly the same rate that's pretty
important it's not there not only is it
not there it's not called out as missing
it's one thing not to track it it's a
very big problem if you don't say it
would also be good to know you know if
this held across different kinds of
police officers but we don't have that
day
that's left out that is really left out
in fact it's left out to the point of
being criminal because it's going to
cause people to be killed you can see it
in the riots right that is actually not
tactically but from a moral standpoint
that is a criminal omission because it
will inspire people to violence it's
almost like it's designed to do that and
that omission is so obvious that you'd
have to think that the authors were
aware that it was missing and chose to
leave it out it was a decision to leave
it out how important is that pretty darn
important here's another thing that was
left out what is the crime rate in
Oakland between young black men and
let's say everybody else
now as Ben Shapiro pointed out I'm gonna
give you approximate 'it is six is
somewhere in this range there's
something like 13% of the population of
America is african-american but the rate
of crime is like 50% 50% of I know some
kinds of crimes fifty or sixty percent
depending on if it's violent or property
crimes I guess and and ben shapiro
points out that even that is completely
misleading and until he pointed it out
even i was thinking that that actually
that was a useful statistic is it useful
to know that 13 percent of
african-american the population is 13
percent african-american but there for
some types of crimes 50 percent of 60%
of them are committed by
african-americans is that the statistic
useful and accurate enough and the
answer is not even close and ben shapiro
fixed it for me
and i'd never had anybody say that and
it goes like this it's not 13% because
that would assume that women and men are
committing crimes at about the same rate
and they're not
that 13% really should be adjusted down
to half of that because that's the men
it's the men all right so it's not
exactly half of you know a little little
more than half because women do commit
crimes but it's more like 7% of the
population
young black men men his men are the
problem here are committing 50 to 60
percent of the crime now if you thought
that 7 percent of the people were
committing 50 to 60 percent of the crime
and I told you that that same group were
being stopped quite a bit more say five
times more does that sound out of
aniline no it doesn't suddenly because
you've had the context it sounds like
well that's about why you'd expect that
seems you know it's in line with the
crime now what's missing also is what
were these motorists doing that cause
them to be stopped for example does the
average 20 year old black person speed
at the same rate in Oakland as the
average anybody else because if there's
a difference you would expect the people
who were speeding the most to get pulled
over the most suppose a young men are
the problem how many young white men are
in Oakland compared to how many young
black men are in Oakland I don't know
it's not in the study right so the big
thing one of the big things this does is
that it mixes up the fact that you know
it's young men or the problem and it
doesn't isolate that it's talking about
black people and white people you should
weigh isolate that a lot more down to
men mostly and young ones is mostly
young men all right so I did see a study
and I don't know that there's a truth to
it that that african-american men were
they actually sped more than other
people I don't know if I believe that
it's possible but let me tell you my
experience for driving through Auckland
lots of times
all right so I have personally driven on
880 that passes you know what basically
through Auckland
lots and lots of times because that's my
local area there is sort of a running
joke if you will that the the lane on
the left it's a multiple lane highway
that the lane on the left is the black
lane now the reason for that is that if
you're driving there and you make the
mistake of getting in that lane somebody
will pull up to you a high-speed right
up to your bumper and you know sort of
encourage you to get that at that lane
and that car will always be young black
men now I've driven that Highway a lot
of times and I stay out of the left lane
because if I get in it a car full of it
won't even do one driver it'll be a car
packed with young black man will pull up
to my bumper at a high speed even if I'm
doing 85 they'll pull up to my bumper
and I have to get out of the way now do
i watch them getting tickets never seen
it I've literally never seen anybody get
pulled over
I made a tea for driving too fast and
Lee in the left lane I've never seen it
and you can drive there all day long and
watch cars full of young black men just
zipping through that Lane exceeding the
the the speeding the speed level now of
course what I'm telling you is
completely anecdotal should you reach
any conclusions based on one guy's story
about driving on a road no no has no
analytical value none so you should
discount it I'm just telling you my
experience that I've been to this very
place that they did the study and I'm
telling you visually haven't done the
state that haven't done the study but
visually and experientially there's a
really big difference in how everybody's
acting and again it's an emphasis on the
because if you removed all the black
people from Oakland I'm pretty sure that
young young white men would still be
exceeding the speed limit you just
replace them with other young men and
they'd probably be doing more illegal
stuff than the rest of the public how
about this what did the study say about
how the people who were stopped reacted
to the police was it the same as
everybody else because if the police
stopped me
I'm very polite very polite but I do not
come from a history of racism I have not
been told by the media that the police
are targeting people like me I have not
lived a life where I'm hearing I'm
hearing story after story of somebody I
know who was stopped and hassled by the
police I do not live a life in which I
have been pulled over often by the
police I have been pulled over for
things I didn't do and it's pretty
common but not really hassled I mean
they all those situations went perfectly
smoothly so I don't have anything that
would bias me toward the police in
particular like no experience in my life
that really doesn't so how hard did is
it for me to be reasonable when the
police stopped me it's easy it's easy
put me in the life of a young black man
now just just my brain just gets
transported into a young black man and
now I get to live his experience and now
the police pulled me over
do I act exactly the same I doubt it
it's not because I'm black because in
this experience I groove by brain into
the black person right just for the
thought experience I'm not mad because
I'm black I'm mad because I've got
experience that says people will look
like that guy a police officer is
trouble and I don't like it it offends
my sense of pride it offends me on an
identity level at my core I'm offended
by this person am I going to
some words am I gonna show a little bit
of attitude
am I gonna resist a little bit see how
we'll see how much I can get away with I
might
especially if I'm 23 years old I might
write so I don't think it's racist even
slightly to suggest that some
populations have different experience
right if the way you act is based on
your experience well who's going to say
that's racist
of course you act differently based on
your experience so do all the people who
have a different experience act the same
as people have you know yet another
different experience of course not
where's that in the study of good so of
course it's silent on that not only is a
silent on that but it's silent on being
silent about it it doesn't even say you
know if we do this we know more or maybe
we should study this additional thing
it's just silent it's a it's a lie by
omission
how about is it corrected for income
don't know probably not
is it corrected for level of let's say
education no probably not how many of
the citizens themselves were racists who
knows you know I'm not sure some of
those questions are important but the
point is if you could get people to
understand that if they can't look at a
study like this and immediately just
pick out three major problems that
completely invalidate its credibility
now that doesn't mean it's not true
right this is an important distinction
even if this study is complete bunk
meaning thing analytically they did
everything wrong that doesn't mean
there's no racism it just means the
study isn't good all right so don't
don't think that if the study doesn't
show it it does exist doesn't work that
way you could have all the racism in the
world but if a study is poorly poorly
designed you don't know what you're
looking at that's all I'm saying
so we should at least educate people up
to the point where they would know for
themselves if they are low
information voters and if they could
have a little you know specific test
give them all the same same test and the
same questions and say tell us where the
bias is if you can locate it I will
listen to your opinions if you can't
tell where all the gigantic problems are
and something like this we can't yet
talk you need to educate yourself up to
at least the level that you've you know
data is lying to you routinely if you
don't know that the data is lying to you
routinely it's tough too
it's tough to move forward all right
that is my lesson for today I hope it's
useful and I will talk to you soon