come on in you're going to love
it as far as I
know let me make sure I can see all your
comments looking
[Music]
good good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civil
ation it's called coffee with Scott
Adams and you've never had a better time
but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all he need is a copper mro
glass and tanker chel d a canteen jugg
or flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine the kid of the day
the thing that makes everything better
except my talking it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go so good you needed that it's a good
Sunday morning and we should enjoy
it well let's see what's what you know
Mark benof he's the founder of
Salesforce very smart very uh futurist
looking kind of a guy
guy he was uh reposting on X a video of
uh a company showing off the robot and
he said that if you take deep seek which
is that Chinese AI that cost just
pennies to use and you combine it with
unry which is basically a cheap humanoid
looking robot that goes for about
$116,000 I think there might be an
expensive version too he said uh that uh
it's not a science fiction anymore so
we're right on the verge of AI plus
robots except I'm pretty sure that the
video he said around was
CGI uh I don't think we're close I I
don't think that the current version of
Ai No matter what you do you're not
going to make a robot be able to
generally do
stuff I think it's always either CGI
where they find one robot doing one
thing and then they show it to you and
you go
o look at that robot removing glasses
from the dishwasher and then you realize
that's sort of all it can do if you triy
to do something else we would forget how
to do the dishwasher thing so I don't
think we're even
close um but it'll sneak up on us really
quickly there is however according to
Hamza abas um a new kind of uh AI so the
current ones are large language models
where all they do is predict what the
next word will be but they don't really
understand anything they just predict
what the next word will
be but there's new kind of uh AI called
an LCM a large
concept um model so instead of looking
at words and just predicting what word
comes next they somehow can can uh
Master
Concepts and then they put these
Concepts together and then they're
supposed to be smarter but uh apparently
meta is doing
this and uh I think I'm going to wait on
this because again I'm very skeptical
that this would give you enough AI to
put in a robot and make you feel good
about it I do think we'll get to the
point where there's AI in robots but I
don't think we're as close as any of the
smart people are saying it just doesn't
look like the technology could do
it anyway the Tik Tock as you know
either has to be bought or go out of
business in the United States uh but
perplexity the company that does that
cool little perplexity app which I
highly recommend it's awesome um so
they've got a pretty good bid they want
or at least they've got a good concept
for a bid they want to buy Tik
Tock and uh they would sort of integrate
it in some ways with a perplexity so one
of the things you could do is if you did
a search one of the things it might come
up with would be a Tik Tock video but
that's only if they buy
it um they would rebuild Tik tok's
algorithm from scratch they put it in
American data centers uh they'd make the
recommendation system transparent an
open
source and they' uh upgrade the AI
infrastructure using nidos
technology and bunch of other stuff but
they're not the only ones who want to
buy it you've also got uh a bunch of
investors led by somebody named Frank
mccort he must be very rich and uh I
think Microsoft and
Oracle yeah they're they're part of it
too so there's a lot of people want to
buy it but I don't think China wants to
sell it so they may just decide to go on
a business in the US we'll
see um there's a study out of
Northwestern that uh showed that
Ordinary People can persuade people on
political topics do you believe that so
they did a uh study and it's led by uh
Northwestern University and the
University of North Carolina at Chapel
Hill and what they did was they had
Ordinary People
uh send their arguments to other
Ordinary People and see if anybody could
change anybody's mind on some political
topics
amazingly 30% of the uh people who were
targeted they knew that they all knew
they were in a study but 30% of them
changed their opinion after citizens
tried to persuade them and
allegedly what they learned is what kind
of persuasion Works to change somebody's
mind about
politics so here's what they think they
found um that it's better if you Pace
you know that's a term I've taught you
before you sort of match the person
you're supposed to persuade so instead
of coming at them as I have Superior
knowledge if only you knew what I knew
that doesn't work in fact they call that
out was the bad way to persuade so you
don't want to start off with all of your
new sources are fake I know everything
you know but you don't know everything I
know and if you were as smart as I am
you would have a different
opinion apparently that doesn't work at
all surprisingly but what does work is
if you if you identify the topic as if
through the lens of the person you're
trying to persuade so you sort of adopt
their point of
view to show that you
can and uh then you don't seem like
you're the superior one lording it over
him it just feels like you're them oh
you and I have the same opinions okay oh
but you know a little bit more okay well
I'll change my
opinion but uh here's what I think I'm
not sure that study proved what they
think it does here's my
opinion I think that if you took a 100
people you could find that 30% of them
weren't really paying attention to
politics in the first place so if you
took the people you know 70% are just
locked in and there's no way you can
persuade them but the but
30% would be well you know I know a
little bit about climate change that was
one of the topics um but I don't know
that much so if somebody that they saw
as a peer told them things about climate
change that they never heard they would
say oh well okay never heard of that
before that'll change my opinion but
they were never really locked in so
here's my persuasion take on this if
somebody is really paying attention and
they think they know politics and they
think they know the topic there's
nothing you can do to change their
opinion it doesn't matter what you do
you're not going to change it but if
somebody has a very
weak understanding of a topic and
they're not really locked in they've
never protested for it they never
commented on it social media well they
can change their mind because they're
not locked in and it probably does make
sense that you sort of bring yourself
down to their level of understanding and
make sure that you can bond with them
before you give them a little extra
information that might change their mind
so that's your persuasion tip of the day
well here's a story that I swear I
thought was a fake
news uh apparently
uh Trump was asked Fox News is reporting
this he was asked if the US would
consider joining the British
Commonwealth if King Charles offered
it and here's the part I didn't believe
Trump was enthusiastically interested in
doing
that now what doesn't that sound like
the very opposite of a America
first he he would actually consider
joining the British
Commonwealth which has 56 members I
think either all of them or most of them
are former colonies so a lot of them
speak English Etc or at least one of the
languages be would be
English
and I said to myself am I crazy is Trump
really saying that hold on hold on we're
going to do a little test remember I
just taught you a persuasion trick
so here's here's me using the same
persuasion trick since almost none of
you had a preconceived idea about the US
joining the British
Commonwealth I believe that you're not
really settled into an opinion that you
can't change so that's the first thing
most of you don't really know what that
means I didn't I had to look it up so I
only did some research on it just before
the show so like you
I didn't know what the British
Commonwealth was uh at least in terms
of did it make sense for the US to join
it but weirdly there's an argument for
doing
it there's an actual argument for it and
again Trump was ahead of the curve
because he understood the question well
enough to know that maybe maybe not
guaranteed but maybe so here's what you
need to know
um being in the British Commonwealth
does not obligate you to do anything
it's a voluntary thing you don't have to
be in it and the British government
can't tell you what to do so it's
definitely not about giving up any
sovereignty so there's no sovereignty
given up you have full control before
you join you have full control after you
join you could quit any time if it
doesn't work for you but what would be
the what would be the
upside well it turns out that it might I
ask grock so this is just one ai's
opinion and it had a number of
categories that might be beneficial but
a lot of them seemed not as important as
the economic stuff but apparently it
might give us the us a little more
access to the other commonwealth
countries as
markets now that's interesting so maybe
I don't know the details maybe there's
just a little extra or or a little less
friction selling into markets that are
part of the Commonwealth if you're also
part of the Commonwealth now I don't
know what the details of that would be
this is just grock talking but it says
access to Commonwealth networks so
access to those countries apparently
there might be some benefit in trade
dispute resolution if you're all part of
the Commonwealth I don't know the
details
and
uh and it could encourage us businesses
to expand into member states benefiting
from their access so the argument would
be that it doesn't cost us anything we
wouldn't be obligated to anything uh
there would be 56 countries most of them
speak
English and they would just have a
little bit of better feeling about us
because we joined their
Club isn't that interesting
so there's no
downside apparently there's no downside
whatsoever but there's a potential
upside it would just be a little bit
easier to do business and and resolve
disputes if you were part of the same
Commonwealth huh I didn't see that
coming so all right let's test so I use
the persuasion technique that I told you
and I picked a topic that most of you
didn't have a hard opinion about because
it was just on a left field how many of
you started out like I did started out
with hell no hell no we're not giving
away our sovereignty but then when I
explained that there's no sovereignty
change
whatsoever but there might be some
economic benefit that's you know not
super obvious but makes
sense uh anybody changed their
mind did anybody say huh you know
actually that doesn't sound
terrible all right I'm just looking at
your comments to see if I changed any
Minds all right you can work on that
according to the amuse account Onex that
you should all be
following uh Quinn impac quak they got a
latest poll that says for the first time
ever the Congressional Democrats are
underwater meaning fewer than 50% of
their base likes them well at the same
time congrat Congressional Republicans
are approaching record high
favorability so at the same time
Democrats are at record low favorability
or they're in that
neighborhood uh republicans in Congress
are at record high
favorability now that should be enough
to guarantee that the midterms go to you
know the Republicans but you know
nothing really works that easily so but
it's it's quite a period in time it does
it does further suggest that the
Democrats don't have policies and plans
that the public is interested
in you probably are aware that there's a
new book out by two uh Democrats Ezra
kle and Derek Thompson and the book is
called
abundance and I heard some people
Democrats say positive things about it
and say it's all the buzz and
everybody's talking about it so I
thought to myself huh what what could
this book be about so I asked AI to
summarize it and as far as I could tell
the suggestion in the book is for
Democrats to become
Republicans and just act like it was
always their
[Laughter]
idea now I didn't read the book so
there's a very good chance that I'm not
summarizing it correctly but the
abundance
refers to using capitalism in its best
way to create enough stuff so your
prices go down so if we use capitalism
properly there would be more homes and
then they would be more affordable if
you use capitalism properly there'd be
more food and your prices would go down
there'd be more gas and your prices
would go down so how do they do that
well a big part of it is moving
regulations that aren't that aren't uh
critical now what does that sound
like it's literally just mainstream
Republican policy Let's uh let's bring
our manufacturing back to our Shores
let's get rid of you know burdensome
regulations it just sounds exactly like
being a republican so are we at the
point where Democrats are going to claim
that the core ideas of Republicans have
always been just good Democrat ideas
they just didn't message it
well so anyway I'd be interested if any
of you read the book If you have a a
different take because obviously I'm not
you know mentioning every single thing
but I think that they even talk about
things like Health Care you know
Democrats would like everybody to have
health care uh as would I but if you had
a abundance and your economy was doing
great you could probably give everybody
health care and still afford it so this
this to me sounds just so completely
like Republican economic policy that
it's hilarious I think it feels like
Democrats just gave up uh if we give up
being
Democrats maybe we could win an election
maybe maybe meanwhile according to Red
State
um this was in the news Australian
universities are demanding an emergency
meeting after Trump cancels their
funding now do that make sense to you
Australian
universities are mad that Trump cancel
their funding Australian
universities did you know that about a
third of the I guess the research grants
for Australian universities is paid for
by America
did you have any idea that we were that
we were
funding colleges and universities in
Australia now I suppose the deal was if
they come up with any good ideas in
Australia then we'd have access to them
because we funded it but I guess uh
Trump just froze that funding and now
the universities are going to have a
little economic challenge unless that
gets reversed but how in the world did
that ever happen without us knowing
it it's a pretty big number and we were
just giving it to Australian
universities
while while our own schools were
failing
incredible well Jerome Powell at the FED
said uh that the FED now projects only a
1.7% GDP growth this year now that would
be something like half of what you would
expect for a good
year um I think the Atlanta fed had some
kind of weirdly small number that was
off from the other ones so does that
sound credible to you do you believe
that the FED can accurately forecast the
economy for the next year or
so I feel like nobody can do that I
don't think the FED can do it I don't
think anybody can they're just too many
variables so I'm not too worried about
that and it could be a political
thing um but I think uh letnik was just
sort of scoffing at it I I think I'm
with him now I do think there's a very
good chance that we could have a minor
recession for half a year or a year or
something that could happen because
Trump's making some big changes and it
will take a while for any of those
changes to you know become positiv and
in the system but in the long run almost
I think everything that Trump's doing
would have a long-term good economic um
impact but we'll
see well breit Bart news as an
exclusive um apparently the depart
Department of Justice is going to
investigate the anti-white
Discrimination in Rhode Island Public
Schools which involves I think um you
what help they give to White teachers
versus other teachers so good every time
there is one of these gross
discriminations against white people I
am all down for the Department of
Justice to go after their
asses um I'm going to tell you a story
that I heard
confidentially recently all right so I'm
I'm sworn to confidentiality but I'll
just tell you the the general thing uh
apparently there was an
individual who uh was doing okay in his
job but you know not killing it but
recently got a big raise he wasn't even
expecting and all of a sudden his his uh
his career just took a great turn to the
positive do you know what was
different the only thing that was
different is he he changed his
identity from white guy to something
else now I don't want to be more
specific than that but apparently just
he took took my advice he says he just
changed his
identity and changing his identity
allowed his company to say yeah let's
get more of that next thing you know he
gets a big raise that he wasn't even
expecting
so I'd love to hear if other people have
done the same because if they haven't I
don't know why
not um it would have been hard for me
during my work years because I'm blonde
where I was I was blonde so it's a
little harder to sell myself as a person
of color who doesn't look exactly like
you'd expect but hey everybody's
different um but if I had brown hair I
might have tried to sell myself as a
person of color maybe if it helped my
career uh and by the way I don't think
there's anything illegitimate about
doing that I don't find that immoral
or unethical not even a little bit
because the the point is that he was
being discriminated against for his race
and maybe his gender so if he found a
clever workaround so he wouldn't be
discriminated by his race that's not
unethical that's not immoral that's
nothing but playing the system the way
it was designed so good for him Nicole
Shanahan
uh who as you know was sort of one of
the leaders if not the leader of uh
movement to get LA mayor Karen bass
recalled because of her terrible
performance especially around the LA
fires but as uh Nicole shanan is warning
us um it went from in January and
February she said just about everyone in
La was calling for me to help seed the
recall of Mayor Bass by the end of March
though a month after the recall rolled
down the la elite are pedaling back why
and she says it's because bass's
surrogates are claiming anyone coming
out against her lack of leadership is
racist and
classist well there it is the most
predictable thing in the
world
um so and Nicole says I can't think of
anything more pathetic than race baiting
your community after literally burning
It To The
Ground uh I have some
advice you should uh get away from the
cities the cities are not
fixable and the sooner you realize that
the better you'll be now I don't know if
he can get away from them because um you
know I I live in California if La in San
Francisco go down the
drain I don't think I would be
unaffected seems like my taxes would
double again or some damn thing but uh
anything you can do to get away from
cities because there there's no fixing
of that and the reason there's no fixing
it is identity is going to be the main
criteria and doesn't look like
anything's going to change that and as
long as identity goes first and
competence is not the top uh uh goal
you're not going to get anything better
um meanwhile actor Rob low was on a uh
podcast kind of thing talking to the
star of sance his name is Adam
Scott I almost forgot his name his name
is almost exactly my name Adam Scott
anyway that Rob low was saying that um
if you were going to make a TV show or a
movie today you would never make it in
California because California would just
be higher taxes higher regulations he
said it would be
cheaper to take everybody from La that's
in involved with the movie including the
extras you know hundreds of people and
move them all to Ireland and film the
entire thing in
Ireland just to pick one country as as
an example other countries too so the
other countries have or or other states
too have tax breaks and you know they
make it easy but California has
destroyed
its own most important industry after
Tech can you believe that that
California is so poorly managed that
nobody in their right mind would make a
movie here
anymore oh my God now that's from Rob
low and they talk about walking through
the studios and they're just ghost
towns all of Hollywood is
dead all of Hollywood is dead and if you
see any recent
movies I tried to watch uh what's the
one that's like the prequal to The
Wizard of Oz is it the whiz or what's
the one with the green witch I know I
tried to watch that because at least it
was like a big production and I thought
oh like I you know I'll put it on the
big screen in my house and with a nice
uh sound system and I'll just sort of
enjoy it for a big production Wicked
it's called wicked so I tried to watch
that the other
day oh my
God oh my God it's
unwatchable and and I like uh old Disney
movies and you know I'm kind of a fan of
the
genre uh and I loved Wicked in the
theater in the Theater Wicked was
incredible but oh my God it was was just
completely unwatchable and then
apparently this new movie is Snow White
which I saw a meme calling it no
white no white because I guess they're
very Dei uh
sensitive uh apparently that thing is so
bad that the that Disney is just losing
billions of dollars I remember a time
when a Disney movie was just it was just
a pass to another billion
dollars okay there's a Disney movie well
that's going to make a billion dollars
you can just count on it it it was
nothing but high quality and indeed when
when I used to watch it with you know
little step kids I used to love it even
though it wasn't made for me as a target
market I would just enjoy the quality of
it you know sometimes you can watch
things that are not your thing if if the
quality of it is just so good you're
like ah good actor good writing you know
good production I really I kind of like
it wow but Snow White and wicked appear
to be just absolutely lost and then of
course the whole Star Wars franchise
completely
destroyed so if you put all that
together uh America has destroyed its
own Hollywood Advantage one of the
biggest things we had as an advantage
was that americanmade content
was influencing other countries and
making them want to be more American
because oh look at that awesome movie
and all those awesome people in it
wouldn't mind being more like
that but now we don't have that we we
just have this pathetic industry that
can't it can't economically even put on
a movie or a TV show
anymore so there's
that how much did that affect the state
well California gained 76% fewer jobs in
2024 than estimated
76% fewer than estimated is that a
coincidence and it had this tiny growth
of 3% which probably was just you know
government jobs so
California is really in
trouble you know they're our biggest
industry or maybe second biggest after
attack um just completely destroyed and
I would say it was completely destroyed
by bad management plus
Dei that those two things just
completely destroyed
it meanwhile uh you know that AOC and
Bernie are doing these big
rallies and uh you probably said to
yourself are these rallies organic or is
somebody paying people to go to them
well I don't know the answer to that but
uh someone named Tony
suruga um claims to have data about cell
phones that not everybody has and
somehow he can uh estimate based on the
cell phone information he has uh that
the people who were there were not
30,000 but closer to 20,000 so no big
deal the crowd was
overestimated uh there's still a big
crowd
but that 84% of the devices at a recent
rally uh one of the AOC Bernie rallies
uh so 84% of the devices which means the
people who own them attended nine or
more comml Harris rallies or antifa BLM
pramas or Pro Palestinian and 31% of
them had attended over 20 now how do you
attend nine or more
Democrat rally events because they're
not all in your town there would be
travel and you know you'd have to take
time off from your job if you had
one these have to be paid right so it's
looking to me like the entire Democratic
party um where their popularity at least
for their Congressional leaders is the
lowest it's been in a long time it looks
to me they're trying to create what
looks like an artificial popularity by
simply paying people to protest and
paying people to go to rallies yeah it
looks like they're rally professionals
exactly
so that's alarming now I don't know
about the accuracy of the phone data we
could find out tomorrow that there's
some problem with the
data uh meanwhile the dram crats as I
call them dram dram crats um so what AOC
and Bernie are doing are trying to you
know whip up their base into a frenzy so
here's the newest vague accusations so
the the Democrats don't have real topics
and real policies or anything so they
have to use vague accusations here's a
new vague
accusation
um these these billionaire these
billionaires bankrolling some of the
most divisive media and disgusting
hateful things blah blah blah blah blah
so they're saying that
the um the billionaires are trying to
divide
us is that what's
happening is that what Elon Musk is
doing he's trying to divide
this he's trying to divide Us by saving
money for all of us and saving the
country how how did that divide
us he's trying to divide Us by uh
supporting the president who was elected
you know by a solid group of
people what what exactly is the trying
to divide us these are madeup problems
so is he trying to are the billionaires
trying to divide us before or after
Trump steals your
democracy it's all like monsters under
the bed stuff well there's no there's no
problem yet but they're trying to divide
us well there's no no problem yet but
they're going to steal our
democracy well there's no problem yet
but it looks like musk is trying to cut
the US aid funds that are keeping so
many people alive so that he can use
that money to cut his own
taxes
really so if you look at the
accusations they're just nonsense
they're literally just stringing words
together all right we'll take
billionaire uh we'll take divide yeah
billionaires divide us how about steals
your
democracy they got nothing absolutely
nothing meanwhile Trump has instructed
the Department of Justice to sanction
any law firms over what he calls
vexatious litigation against the
government now if you're like me you're
saying
what exactly would be considered
vexatious it seems a little uh a little
subjective uh so I had to look it up but
in a legal sense the vexatious
litigation would be
frivolous um with insufficient grounds
for
winning so the standard would be if a
lawsuit is filed that a reasonable
expert in the law could look at and say
okay there's no way going to win that
that must be just for bothering the
other side um Trump wants the doj to
sanction those law firms involved in
that we'll see meanwhile there's a
gigantic problem in Wisconsin There's an
election uh on April 1 I guess for the
Wisconsin Supreme Court and I'd seen
this story but didn't pay attention to
it because it seemed like a state thing
and I didn't really get it until I
looked at it
today uh turns out that that would
create a um depending who wins it could
create a uh liberal majority on the
Supreme Court of
Wisconsin which could lead to changes in
gerrymandering which could be enough of
a change to cost Trump the House of
Representatives and apparently the big
donors for this and they're do and
they're coming in for big money because
this particular small little thing in
one state could completely Chang the
federal
situation and so of course Soros is
funding it for over $4 million hofman's
over $14 million uh JB pritsker is in
for six and a half and uh the woman who
is the Widow of some some man who
probably shouldn't have left of that
much money
Jetson uh she's in for Millions herself
Millions so
uh there there is of course a you know
Republican running against or at least a
conservative running against her
uh but wow so if you know anybody in
Wisconsin you need to Rattle their cage
and make sure that they vote to keep the
country um viable so Scott Scott presler
is warning us about
that meanwhile uh these judges that keep
um pastoring Trump and putting stays on
things and trying to stop what he's
doing um they keep getting lered so
Laura lomer has done a great job of
finding out wait a minute this judge or
that judge uh has a wife or a daughter
who is deeply into Democrat politics and
you know clearly not objective it would
be hard to imagine that the judge would
be objective if the adult daughter or
wife are you know deeply into Democrat
politics and the thing I wonder is how
do we not know this in
advance and what happened to people
recusing themselves because they had a
perceived conflict of interest doesn't
even have to be a real one just a
perceived
one we don't have that that's not a
process or do the judges say well I'm
not the one who's working with Democrats
that's my daughter or I'm not the one
who donated money that's my wife so you
know I'm not I don't have any conflict
of interest that's just family members I
feel like family members being deeply
involved in politics should rule you out
for any political
decision shouldn't we have a list of not
just liberal versus conservative but a
list of whether or not they CORE family
members just you know spouses and kids
that's all not cousins I let the cousins
go not not aunts or uncles but just
spouse and children adult children if
they're deeply involved in fundraising
or
organizing we should have them on a list
so that every time one of these judges
gets picked we can say oh that's one of
the conflict of interest judges
now even if none of that causes anybody
to um say okay I have a conflict and
stand down even if it doesn't change any
of the behavior wouldn't we be better
off knowing which ones are clearly in
the bag because there's nobody who
thinks that if your spouse or your adult
daughter are deeply involved with one
side of the you know political Spectrum
nobody thinks that has no effect on the
judge obv obviously it does because you
couldn't go home unless you ruled in a
way that you're your spouse and your
your daughter approved
of well speaking of the legal and
justice system uh lawyer Jeff Clark
explains how dangerously close we came
according to him in the 2020 2024 period
to become a one- party um political
Monopoly meaning a Democrat
Monopoly and he talks about what causes
all these law firms to be not just a
little bit Democrat but seriously
Democrat and he he he kind of draws out
the whole picture so you've
got um our education system managed by
democrats mostly so kids are being
raised to be Democrats and then they go
to law school and their law professors
are all Democrats you know pretty much
and then that just turns them
into Democrats if they weren't already
and if they were conservative and if
they somehow get through the system and
join a big Law Firm they have to kind of
pretend they're not because it would be
terrible for their career and the
current situation to be the lone
conservative in the law firm that's just
not going to work so the conservatives
have had to hide and just pretend
they're not conservatives and by the way
um I have dealt with a lawyer not too
long ago who said that directly to me
yeah I'm the hidden conservative I don't
tell people I am in the real world yeah
somebody told me he had to hide his
political
opinion yep um and he was eventually not
allowed to work with
me let me say that again it was a lawyer
for you know a local Law Firm who had
agreed to work with
me until the rest of the law firm said
you can't work with him and he had to he
had to pull back that's a real thing so
if you think that uh conservatives are
getting the same Legal Services as
Democrats they're not not even close and
they went so far as to you know try to
blackma not blackmail but maybe uh put
pressure on people who would have tried
to help Trump during his prior
iterations so if you've got only one
party that controls the entire big Law
Firm
situation they would be able eventually
to have the power to control everything
because if you didn't have you know a
fair fight within the legal Community
about things that are Democrat versus
Republican and it's just always Democrat
uh defending things and if you tried to
get a Democrat or anybody else to defend
you they would be losing their
career
so uh Jeff Clark has a really good case
here that uh we were very close to
losing everything because as you know
Soros had this idea of funding you know
Das and attorney generals so that if you
had the da the Attorney General the
judges and then all the big law firms
all being anti-republican
that would very quickly turn into
there's only one party because the other
party would just get sued out of
existence and they'd lose every case and
uh it just everything would go in One
Direction so Trump winning and putting
some pressure back on the legal
community of you know stripping people
who were a little too political
and um you know stripping them of their
of their security
clearance might be the only thing that
saved us we we might have been just this
close to having nothing you could do to
ever recover if if the entire legal
system that mattered became you know
just aggressively
Democrat you wouldn't be able to change
that that there would be way too much
pressure all the way from judges through
lawyers so we we came very close I'm not
sure it can be
reversed um because all it would take is
you know the next president being a
Democrat and everything goes back to the
way it was so we're very
close even with the Democrats being you
know the most disliked group uh at least
their own uh Congressional members even
with that we were right on the edge of
them own in everything and just having
complete
control anyway how else do they have
control well you know the New York Times
did that what we think is fake news
about musk having a meeting in which he
would be uh he would be told about our
plans for military action against China
if there were ever a China
war and that apparently was completely
fake news according to musk and
according to the Pentagon and according
to Trump and I believe them I believe
that was fake news so I remind you that
the New York Times is not like a regular
publication it's not just one of them
it's the newsmaker so if they say
something's true it allows all the other
Publications to just quote them and say
well it's the New York Times and they've
got these Anonymous
sources um so the
media is
anti-trump and apparently I think
there's enough evidence to show that
they know when they're lying and they do
it anyway so imagine that they know when
they're lying and they do it anyway so
it's pure propaganda it's pure power and
it's definitely not
news meanwhile speaker Mike Johnson is
calling out Chuck
Schumer for I'll just read what Johnson
said on X he said in his desperation
Chuck Schumer has now crossed a serious
red line by telling PBS he is organizing
and encouraging radical activists to
quote go after Republican members of
Congress and quote force them to either
change their votes or face the
consequences his recruits are now
crashing and disrupting private
Gatherings and even local school events
screaming profanities and physically
assaulting
people in other words Chuck Schumer told
his base to haunt
Republicans to actually haunt them to
find them and then harass them in ways
that you know even if you said don't
break the law of course some of them are
going to be physically assaulting
people so that's one way the Democrats
try to control without having policies
and without having
popularity they can just make it too
dangerous to be a Republican and go out
I mean it's already ridiculous that you
can't wear a Maga hat outside without
getting beat up that's ridicul
ridiculous but that's where we are and
Chuck Schumer is making it worse now to
me he should go to jail for
that because that seems clearly an
organized Rico like um situation which
is guaranteed to have physical violence
even if he didn't say so directly so um
and of course that can't happen because
the legal system is exactly what Jeff
Clark said so there is there's no way
he's going to go to jail but it seems
like
the the
offense of even asking people to harass
one political party in public and
private I feel like that should be a
jailable offense I don't know exactly
what it would be but it feels jailable
to me will never happen
meanwhile on CNN they had the former
representative Jamal Bowman who called
called Elon Musk a thief and a Nazi on
live TV and nobody corrected him they
just called him a Nazi like it's just a
fact so Elon said I've had enough
lawsuit inbound so he's just going to
sue
him you know musk must have access to
all the lawyers who are remaining who
are willing to do things that are not
just entirely Democrat things so yeah go
ahead and sue him I I think every time
he's accused of giving a Nazi salute
that he should sue the person who did it
if they're a public figure you should
sue them because I don't think you know
I I have talked to people who genuinely
believe that he did a Nazi salute can
you imagine being so
brainwashed that you actually literally
think that happened in the real
world and it's just shocking when you
talk to somebody who believes that is a
real thing that happened in the real
world
unbelievable
incredible it's the power of
propaganda uh so meanwhile so here's the
big situation you've got uh Tesla
charging stations and dealerships that
are being hit with incendiary devices
and fires are being set you've got
Teslas that are being keyed we've seen
lots of videos of people keying Teslas
we've got Tim wals Who lit literally
laughed at a gathering about Tesla sto
dropping even though it's part of the
retirement plan for his State um even
it's one of the companies in it and he
tried to he tried to explain that as
just a joke and he said that the
Republicans don't have a sense of
humor people were not confused about the
fact that it was jok
everybody knew he was joking that was
the problem if you joke about this kind
of action against an American company
where the employees had nothing to do
with
anything um you're encouraging it so
you're making it
fun so he he acted as if he wasn't
encouraging it and that we just don't
get the joke it wasn't a joke joke like
I'm going to laugh at it he was making
light of the damage to a great American
company which absolutely has the effect
of making people a little more
interested in doing some more of that
because hey it's funny and it's fun and
I got some
attention we also have all the uh we so
we've got Schumer sending out people to
harass Republican lawmakers we've got
the conservative podcasters who are
being swatted like crazy we've got the
media allowing people to go on the air
and call uh Trump and musk Nazis and
Hitler without being
challenged
amazingly um and and I got to say and
then then of course there's Nicole
Shanahan's thing about they're trying to
get rid of a mayor and the bad guys
turned it into a race thing so that you
can't even get rid of a bad
mayor so I'd like to compliment
conservatives
because if you think about it
conservatives are the most armed group
of people maybe in the
world and they have
not become
dangerous they they have not in any way
retaliated they have not threatened to
retaliate I mean Beyond stuff you see on
social media that's not serious but
nobody's seriously said this is too much
we're g to you know we're going to take
to the streets or we're going to go get
our guns and that's good don't go get Do
Not Go Get Your Gun and uh taking to the
street is probably just going to end up
with you in jail
so I'm very
impressed that the political right has
this much
self-control but there certainly needs
to be some kind of response ideally
nonviolent and completely legal but uh I
guess we'll depend on
Trump meanwhile
there's a little uh drama with some of
the right leaning uh influencers so you
probably know that uh the soall snap
payments which is a program to allow
low-income people to buy food with the
government funding uh it's called the
snap program so at the moment uh you're
allowed to buy
soda with your government funded snap
payment and there was a conversation
about maybe that should be banned but of
course big soda wants to make billions
of dollars because they make a ton of
money on the snap people buying
soda um but it turns out that there was
a influence company called
influenceable that had been paying right
leaning podcasters to say that these
people should be able to have their
freedom to use the money for what they
want and if they want to buy soda that's
their
business now I'm not going to name any
names because I don't I'm not into
destroying the right leaning podcasters
but apparently there was a lot of money
involved
um and the the money involved was you
know uh different by each uh each person
I guess depending on the size of Their
audience but they were asked to do their
own uh their own posts on Ax and to say
that uh Trump trump has a button for
buying soda so why can't other people
buy
soda and I remember reading it and
thinking to myself these don't look like
real
opinions because I thought to myself who
who thinks that it's just a question of
Freedom it's more a question of should I
pay somebody to buy
soda and I that's a good question should
I pay somebody with my own you know the
taxes I'm paying should I pay for
soda what else
candy what other the things should I be
paying I I mean I like the idea of
keeping alive and keeping healthy people
who have low income that's you know
appropriate but do I have to do I have
to feed the addictions too what what
else am I supposed to pay for so I was
very very very uh I guess I was alerted
when I saw some of the posts and I I
never commented on them because I was
just puzzled because I I saw a bunch of
it seemed like there were a bunch of
people at the same time saying hey
Trump's gone too far you know let people
buy whatever they want you know we're a
free country and I thought really are
those real opinions turns out they
weren't they were not real opinions they
were paid
opinions so
if you care about who is spreading those
opinions uh I'll refer you to the
Internet it's not my business but if you
want to figure out who it was uh that
might be interesting to you according to
Scott presler again somebody named Susan
espo um she works on New Jersey early
voting registration so she must be
working with
Scott um is registering voters at Tesla
charging stations
so this seems like maybe one of the best
ideas ever imagine go going to a Tesla
charging station and you're maybe a
Democrat who's had enough you know
because you don't want your own car
being threatened you don't want your
charging situation to be threatened and
and just having somebody say you know
you could register as a
Republican and then you would be opposed
to all those things that are opposed to
you so I don't know if it works but it's
a heck of a good thing to
try uh Mike Benz is warning on a podcast
recently maybe it wasn't recently that
uh the Doge situation is going to get a
lot more exciting when the Pentagon has
to explain where its $35 trillion went
into a black
hole uh and that's about the size of the
entire national debt 35 trillion so
do you think that the that the problem
with the Pentagon is that they just have
bad
accounting but that serious people were
doing the right things to make the
country
safer or do you think it's possible that
the Pentagon is 60% defending the
country and 40% a scam where where
people in power or certain positions
simply know how to hide money and
launder it and just take their cut to me
it looks like almost certainly with this
lack of accounting and um accountability
anytime you have that much money
involved and that much many people
involved and there's no
accounting that should lead to massive
fraud and theft every single
time if the only thing you knew was
there's no accounting huge amounts of
money
and lots of people
involved you wouldn't have to wonder if
there's massive fraud because it really
can't go any other way that's the way
everything goes all the time if you have
those
situations anyway speaking of the US
Navy uh Fox News says that uh US Navy is
deploying a second guided missile
warship to patrol the waters near our
Southern border so these would be
anti-ar cartel warships with guided
missiles so my question for you is are
those guided missiles going to be used
against the
cartels or is it just the the ship is
being used more generally maybe for I
don't know uh monitoring things or or
stopping ships that look suspicious but
maybe they don't plan to use the
missiles but on the other hand one of
the things that Trump brings to the
party is that you never know what he's
going to do so imagine you're a cartel
Sentinel lab and you hear that a
second US Navy ship with guided missiles
just pulled up to the border at the same
time that Trump has
warned if Sentinel doesn't stop coming
across our border we're going to light
up
Mexico I feel like that would cause the
cartel staff to move move their
operations every night because they
couldn't keep it in the same place twice
because they know our Reaper drones are
flying over looking for them and I feel
like at this point we can spot them
pretty easily so it could be that the
Trump
uncertainty will so disrupt their
operation because they think one of
these guided missiles is going to drop
on their head any minute um it might be
making a real difference not a permanent
difference but it could be disrupting
things quite a
bit well here's a question that I
finally decided I was going to look into
a little deeper which is the question of
can you trust
Putin now what do you think can we trust
Putin if we made a deal with Putin and
we signed the deal and everybody was
happy with it do you think he could keep
the deal or does he have a history of
breaking deals so I asked grock to list
me the deals that Putin had made that he
broke and immediately I found out this
is not so
easy because for most of the deals that
got broken the the one that broke it
says well I didn't break it first you
know you did something to break it and
then of course I broke it and I'm not
sure I'm smart enough to adjudicate each
of those cases but let me just tell you
what grock said so gr said there was
this Budapest memorandum in 1994 about
the annexation of crimeia and that there
was some agreement that Russia would not
um go after Crimea but in fact it did in
2014
um
however um I think they may have said
that somebody else broke the agreement
first uh there was a Russia Georgia
ceasefire agreement in
2008 um
Russia has since maintained military
presence in Georgia so so there without
getting into the details of each of
those at least Gro thinks that he
violated the agreement there was a uh
intermediate range nuclear force
treaty um that was originally signed by
the
USSR and uh in 2014 the US accus Russia
of violating it basically now I think
that's another one where accused us
first so each of those have this quality
that you can violate any agreement if
you can make any argument that the other
side was doing it
first uh then there was a Minsk
Accords aimed at ending the conflict in
eastern Ukraine and then but then Russia
supported separatist forces so they
broke that according to Gro there was a
NATO Russia founding
act um
so anyway so without getting into the
details of all these acts so there were
a bunch of examples but then I said just
for
completeness I said uh hey grock give me
a list of uh agreements that the United
States violated that had something to do
with Russia and it said
the um Budapest memorandum the Russia
Georgia ceasefire wait a minute these
are the the same ones intermediate range
nuclear Forest the Minsk courts so in
other words there's just an argument on
both sides in one case we said something
was um let me
see oh I think that was the same I'm
getting confused with some of these
treaties because I'm not familiar with
all them but uh generally speaking
there's an argument that we lied to
Putin and there's an argument that Putin
lied to us
and it looks like neither of us keep any
agreements so how in the world could you
make a deal with Russia when
Russia quite reasonably thinks we won't
keep our deal because we do have a
history of that and we quite reasonably
think he won't keep his deal because he
has a history of
that neither of us could be
trusted so the the only way you could
get a deal is if both sides had
overwhelming advantage in keeping the
deal can we make that kind of deal I'm
going to say again that I don't think
peace in Ukraine is going to come
anytime soon you know I don't I don't
see like a big announcement in two or
three weeks that actually sticks there
might be a big announcement but it might
be just to put Ukraine in a box and if
Ukraine says no we can say all right
well we tried you're on your own so
there might be some of
that anyway
um So Meta the company meta that owns uh
Instagram um they're they're
experimenting with putting AI generated
comments on
Instagram now the example given was if
somebody puts a picture of themselves uh
they've just re redesigned their living
room and they're doing a thumbs up that
uh The Meta AI would give you a bunch of
comments that you could just click and
some of the comments would be this is
just an example uh great photo shoot
location or cute living room setup or
love the Cozy atmosphere and then
instead of coming up with your own
comment you could just click one and
that would be the comment you leave now
here's the
problem if if you imagine that you know
that
exists you're always going to pick that
aren't you like 90% of the world are
just NBCS anyway and so they're going to
say I'll just pick one of these comments
and at that point What's even the point
of the comments is just somebody picking
one that sounds
good like it would be yeah it would be
more like spam than it would be like a
comment so they're just testing it so it
doesn't mean it's going to be a
permanent feature but they're they're
testing
it meanwhile according to interesting
engineering uh China's made a big
breakthrough in EV battery charges and
they can charge something in one minute
and 77% of the initial capacity stays
there after 500 rapid charges now almost
every day I see a new story
about you know batteries being improved
by adding some capability to them um
I'll tell you there's just going to be a
huge
revolution in the next few years in
battery techn techology it's going to
change everything you're going to be
flying your electric car faster than you
think all right people that's what I've
got for you today on this
Sunday and uh I'm going to say hi to the
locals people privately the rest of you
thanks for
joining and uh appreciate it every day
thanks for joining on YouTube and Rumble
and x and locals I'm going to come at
you privately
in 30
seconds
e
e
e for