it's about time you got here we got a
show for you today all kinds of crazy
things happening
today let's see if we can dig into it a
little bit let's have some fun today
who's up for some fun
on uhoh that's not
working let me try that again now it's
working everything's good now
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott
Adams it's the best thing to love Happ
to you but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels and nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
cuper mug girl glass a tanker cheler
Stein a canteen jogurt flask a vessel of
any kind to fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine of
the day the thing that makes everything
better today with a little bit of
oxytocin for free it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens
now insanely
good well here's an interesting thing
according to Steve Newman on X uh says
someone needs to try this um pick a
thousand published scientific papers at
random and then have ai look at them
look at them for
errors what would happen if he took a
thousand published peer-reviewed
scientific papers and then just had AI
check them for
errors well
um I think I told you that there was a
study about uh
black uh ladles and black kitchen
utensils the black plastic would leech
off then it turns out they just made a
calculation error they were off by a
factor of 10 wasn't that dangerous after
all well it turns out that AI could have
spotted that so if if they had run it
through AI it would have spotted it
right
away and then Mark Andre seeing Steve
Newman's comment about that said he
would uh if somebody wanted to do this
as scale he would fund
it at a scale in other words instead of
a testing a thousand random scientific
papers why don't you do all of
them just find out how many mistakes
there are in the the whole thing uh yeah
it would be far more interesting to know
the entire situation than to know that
statistically half of them are bad
I'd rather know which half at least in
terms of the calculations so the only I
think the only thing you would find
would be errors in calculations or
something like
that all right um oh here's some good
news uh according to the atmospheric
chemistry and physics whatever that is
um did you know that back in 2020 there
was regulations regulations were
introduced
to remove the sulfur content from
Shipping
fuel so that's great and I guess it
worked out because now there's way less
sulfur being spewed into the air so
that's all good news right oh wait turns
out that removing the sulfur from the
air is going to greatly contribute to
global
warming what so there's no such thing as
a good idea you know somebody's like I
got an idea we we have all this sulfur
coming out of the fuel from the ships
that sea what if we had some regulations
to reduce that sulfur and now they did
sounded like a good idea nobody wants to
be breathing all that sulfur except that
it had a looks like it might have a big
effect on climate change and kill us all
no it won't kill you but here's what I
ask every time I see something like this
so are you telling me that this was not
in the climate
models and if it wasn't in the climate
models what assumption do you make do
you assume that sulfur is removed from
the the fleet uh fuel or do you assume
it stays in and if you assume that it
gets removed what did you assume about
how much that would change climate and
if these assumptions are big and they
change the result enough that it matters
why did we think the models were good
before we made these changes that's
right climate models are
nonsense um so the Wall Street Journal
has a story that I can't believe is real
like I can't believe that they really
ran this story so it's a story about
how the uh I guess you call them uh not
virtual reality but enhanced reality
where you put the glasses on and they
look sort of like real glasses so there
are these rayb bands that meta Facebook
now has and uh one of their journalists
uh Joanna Stern I guess uh tried them
out and said they're Sleek they're
stylish and something you'd actually
want to
wear except they ran a picture with the
words they're sleek and stylish and so
finally something you'd want to wear and
uh I'm no fashion expert but but my take
was they were not
Sleek they were not as
stylish and it's definitely something
you wouldn't want to wear except for me
do you know why I want to wear them
because I already wear glasses so nobody
would
know yeah so if you already wear glasses
and you know I've tried lace looked into
lasic but it isn't for me doesn't work
wouldn't work on my particular situation
so if I can't get rid of my glasses the
next best thing is to put all of you in
glasses this is almost as good as when I
was in what may 20s or maybe my 30s and
I was prematurely balding and then
suddenly cool people were shaving their
heads and I was like wait a minute are
you telling me that I could just shave
my head cut it short and it wouldn't
look so terrible because famous people
are doing it and sure enough
maybe it'll happen with
glasses did you know that Florida has
some kind of law that goes into effect
January 1st where porn purveyors would
have to ask for your driver's license to
be uploaded in order to watch
porn so if you live in Florida uh you're
not going to be able to get PornHub
anymore because PornHub didn't want to
make that change just for
Florida and I ask you how many of you
oh well it's the wrong crowd because
obviously nobody's watching this has
ever even looked at porn even once but
if you know anybody like a family member
or something who looks at porn how how
many people would be willing to upload
their driver's
license minutes before they were going
to look at
porn so that your driver's license could
be definitively linked with with every
image that you look at
who who in the world would look at that
well here's something that they don't
report in the
news I don't know I don't know if any of
you have noticed but porn has
practically been eliminated from the
internet so little by little you know
companies are trying to clamp down it's
almost
non-existent you know my my guess is
that the only porn that you'll ever see
is virtual reality I think we're I'll
make a prediction three years
away from no human porn on the
Internet it it'll all just be virtual
reality won't be real people that's what
I
think and uh will you have to show your
ID well not if you're using AI to make
your own so in three years you'll be
able to just say hey AI I have these
interests make me some clips and it will
so yeah porob is basically dead in the
long run um the company that makes
robots called figure they now have their
figure version 02 and they've got one
that's operational on a BMW production
line so this is an actual humanoid robot
that already has a job now I think it's
more prototype and they're making sure
that they can tweak it to make it work
but it's sort of working on a BMW line
but here's the big deal you know how I
always tease the AI and robot uh
business because for my entire life
robots were always slow even if you just
saw them in a in a fictional movie where
it wasn't even a real robot they would
always move very
slowly and I always thought what is that
all about like why can't a robot move
faster so I guess this new one is 400%
faster it's not up to human speed yet
but getting
close that does suggest that it could
get to human speed at some point and
it's a game changer so apparently uh you
know if you want to Mark the date on
your
calendar this is just about the day in
history that a humanoid robot went to
work just worked on assembly line we're
there so you you know how you imagined
this all your life you imagine someday
is it just going to be a humanoid robot
on that assembly line here it is that
today's the
day all right did you know that a
Chinese company seems to be the dominant
manufacturer of home internet
routers that have been linked to cyber
attacks so there's a worry that the
dominant you know the primary home
internet router in the United States is
susceptible to hackers or China's
control and uh according to the Wall
Street Journal there's some talk about
banning them
it's the top recommended choice I guess
on
Amazon how in the world did we get to
this point where the majority of
internet connections in the United
States run through Chinese equipment
that isn't
secure we're finding this out
today
today here's another thing I found out
today I was reading a seemingly
well-informed post on on X um was it the
something
squirrel guy who reports a lot about
Ukraine but he was talking about how the
United States has no um defense for any
Airborne attacks and couldn't possibly
ever have one but we've tried lots of
times basically we're totally vulnerable
for anything that comes in the air and I
don't think we have really anything that
would stop drones or missiles or almost
anything basically the country is too
big borders are too big you're not going
to stop a swarm of anything so we're
very vulnerable I'm not sure I knew that
as much as I know it
now well you may have heard that a top
Aid former top Aid to the Harris
campaign um said that it doesn't make
sense for Democrats to do interviews
with the New York Times And The
Washington
Post and the reason is that there are
that the readers of those magazines are
already going to vote Democrat or those
newspapers so somehow the New York Times
And The Washington Post made themselves
uh
irrelevant to National
politics because you already know what
they so they've already hypnotized and
brainwashed Their audience to the point
where talking to them doesn't add
anything because they've already
hypnotized Their
audience how can you even call these
Publications the
news if if a major candidate for
president thinks ah that you know there
their readers are so brainwashed that
new information won't change any
opinions so I'm certainly glad I'm not
associated with the newspaper business
anymore that kind of worked out pretty
well for me
then related to that there's a groop and
axios is talking about this that uh
they're trying to get a new you know new
bosses top editors at the Washington
Post and people are being considered for
it are like no thanks because they don't
trust that Bezos is going to be
sufficiently
anti-trump so the Washington Post is
having trouble hiring anybody good
because the people who are good and
experienced that public lications don't
want to work anywhere where it might be
balanced that's a real thing that you
can't get the best people in the
business to work at a publication that
might become balanced in the future it's
not even balanced now but they're
worried it might
become um somebody says that that
squirrel guy is a Ukraine
shill um yes the account that I referred
to is Pro Ukrainian but probably doesn't
matter to the question of whether the
United States has a workable air defense
so but yes that's a that's a good
point
so
um now here's a little story that I
don't know enough about but it's
suggestive of things to come there's
some reporting on social media that Tim
p and his his Tim cast
operation uh might be doing some kind of
a deal or selling the operation to the
Daily wire I I don't know what that
means exactly so I don't know if that
means they would continue operating but
have some kind of operational deal with
the daily wire or or something um but uh
so whether or not that happens or we we
notice any difference there I'm not sure
if it's anything we'll even notice but
somebody uh mentioned the comments
before the show because I do a little
show before the show um just for the
local subscribers somebody mentioned the
idea that the mainstream media might
start buying up
podcasts and I thought oh my God that's
probably going to happen so at the
moment podcasting is you know the the
new shiny thing and if you work for the
old that old mainstream media you feel
like you're with the the dinosaur
technology where El all the cool new
podcasters are moving the needle and
controlling the country but if those
mainstream media companies are owned by
billionaires which they largely are the
billionaire can just buy the
podcasters so they can just say uh all
right I'll buy these top six podcasters
I'll put them together and make it some
kind of a podcasting Network and maybe
put them on TV
and I thought that feels like it's
inevitable because although I would
definitely not want to be you know
bought by any kind of mainstream media
I'm kind of a special case
but um you could imagine if they backed
up the truck in I if I were in a
different place in my life you could
imagine if they backed up the the money
truck that I might say h I wasn't really
planning on working for ABC news but how
much were you willing to pay
me so I think we're going to
see
um well I think we're going to see
podcasters moving to mainstream media if
they've done well and they want that big
paycheck so that could ruin the entire
podcasting uh atmosphere we'll
see uh Keith obman according to Fox News
Keith wman wrote some article in which
uh he's giving advice to
MSNBC now the funniest thing to me is
that Keith oberman's giving advice to
MSNBC and I would love for MSNBC to take
all of his advice because it's so
good
um he
uh he he wants the network to stay
committed to its anti-trump content and
he thinks the network should fire
M and Joe the morning Joe hosts because
they met with Trump and Mar Lago so you
know they're twoo corrupted now they've
been ruined by association with Trump um
and he says change the damn name of the
network I guess he doesn't like the
Microsoft part of that um wait he wants
the network to be called
self-explanatory F Trump
TV now the whole thing reads like it's a
prank like you can't even tell if he's
necessarily serious
but he probably
is I like the fact that MSNBC needs
advice from Keith
obman
meanwhile the Department of Defense is
uh giving out some money to bio industry
bioindustrial firms and asking them to
see if they can create some kind of uh
fungi related protein that they can use
that's sustainable that they can use for
the mil
now I wonder if you can make fungi
related protein that would work in home
um indoor
gardens because you know the the hard
part about indoor gardening is you can't
grow it's harder to grow protein sources
usually when they have Gardens it's like
hey look at the lettuce we can grow and
you say really lettuce wow that's cool
what else can you grow
herbs okay okay okay but I can't just
eat herbs and lettuce what else can you
grow well well not much else efficiently
but we got lots of lettuce and herbs so
if we could figure out things that would
grow in indoor gardens that would
actually have protein and be good for
you that'd be amazing so this might
actually be
useful well Joe Biden hates Nancy Pelosi
we assume because uh he did an interview
and he says that uh Congress should not
be allowed to trade stocks because they
have insider trading privileges if
they're in Congress now why would Joe
Biden suddenly care about
that of all
things sounds personal doesn't it it
sounds like somebody's trying to get
back at as some of the members of
Congress who were making money and Joe's
just like well you're going to stop me
from making money maybe I'll stop you
from making money
how about that Nancy bosi we don't know
if that's why he said he it should be
banned a lot of people think it should
be banned but uh it's fun to talk about
the
drama meanwhile there is a one foot
tall U pile of papers called the omnius
or maybe it's a continued resol
resolution that looks like an omnius so
it's basically a budget for uh Congress
to pass
and as um Thomas Massie warned long ago
that uh Congress is so worthless and
they can't make decisions on individual
spending things that they would put it
all together in one giant bill that
nobody would have time to read before
Christmas vacation so now the pressure
will be on to vote for something that
they haven't read and don't agree with
or miss Christmas with their families
that's a real thing
so our system devolved to the point
where our Congress people will be
hectored by their own
family daddy daddy will you be home for
Christmas well I don't know dear uh I've
got important work to do here I've got
to vote on a bunch of things and this uh
this this big continued resolution isn't
good so we're going to have to work that
out uh I'll be missing I'll be missing
Christmas but Daddy
but you'll be here for New Years right
probably not it's going to take a month
at least to work through this maybe two
months but uh you you go ahead with
Christmas Without
Me given that Congress are mostly human
beings if you put
Christmas between them and doing a good
job they're going to pick
Christmas and and I'd love to tell you
if I had that job oh if you put me in
that job I would not say yes to
Christmas I I would let my children have
Christmas by themselves because I would
stay there and do a good job no I
probably wouldn't I'd probably vote in
the damn thing and go home for Christmas
because Christmas matters it's like it's
a higher priority to most
people so I don't think our Congress
could be any more
broken than to do this right in front of
us when everybody knew they were going
to do it
everybody knew they didn't need to do it
everybody knows they're doing it because
they can't do their real job and it's
basically way a way to say well we
couldn't really do our job so I hope
you'll be happy with with us doing the
opposite of what you're paying us for
would that be okay hey I got an idea
instead of doing what you elected us for
and what you pay us for just work with
me suppose we
did the opposite of that suppose we
didn't do any work to get a good budget
we just signed it so we could go home
for Christmas why don't we do that
instead yes let's do that instead the
opposite of what we pay you for and and
they do it right in front of us because
there's nothing we can do about it
because every single person in Congress
seems to be in the same page except you
know Massie and Paul Rand basically Rand
Paul I mean
and so we just have to put up with this
well um somebody ran the gigantic pile
of crap through one of the AIS and it I
think it was grock and it summarized in
you know plain language what was in
there and what the problems were but
guess what the
summary is so big that that's useless
too the summary is too
big so the the original document is way
too big but even the summary is more
than you could handle I mean I looked at
it and said I don't have time for that
you know why I don't have time for that
because I want to celebrate Christmas no
just
kidding but uh yeah even the summary is
too
long so Apple lamps that's the name of
the account on X that put it through
grock
um and then there's a section in there
according to John Herold who found this
so some people are actually looking
through this continued resolution
looking for problems so John Herold
found this that the uh continued
resolution has a section in it that you
probably wouldn't know unless you're
really dug into it it's hidden in there
and it's to quote quash or modify any
legal process if compliance with the
legal process would require the
disclosure of house data now house data
would be defined as any electronic mail
or or electronic data
Communications and they're also applying
it to pending things things that are
already in in process so so the basic
idea
here
is if somebody was putting pressure on
Congress they could quash it any legal
legal process they could quash it if it
required them to show any of their
Communications which is what pretty much
you know most of you legal processes do
in fact require so they would make sure
that the public couldn't know exactly
what they were doing even in the context
of a legal process now they stuck that
into the bill that everybody would have
to sign before they go on vacation for
Christmas
absolute
no
nope um you also includes according to
Gabe Kaminsky who writes for the DC
examiner so this this funding bill also
includes
a a short-term funding bill to avert the
government shutdown but it also has a
extension on the state Department's
Global engagement
Center have you ever heard of the global
engagement Center if you look through a
document that was 1ot tall printed out
it's a foot
tall and and you found this one thing
about uh funding the state Department's
Global engagement Center would you know
would you know what that was or why they
want to fund it or what kind of work it
does how many people would even know
what that
is well um Matt
taiii uh reported in the past that uh
it's one of the entities that funds the
speech suppression efforts in the United
States it's a Free Speech
suppression in the United
States and it's being funded and they're
asking Congress to vote for free speech
suppression
tools my
God so here's my take the reason that a
funding bill like this would be put
before Congress right before Christmas
is is to make it impossible for them to
say no
they need to say no the only way you can
fix this is you have to break the
government you have to just take it all
down just break it so although
everything will stop
working presumably there would be
gigantic repercussions for voting no
they should vote no and we should
experience gigantic
repercussions well I'm ready for
Gigantic repercussions if it means that
the country is temporarily defenseless
against against their enemies okay we'll
do it anyway if it means that the
government can't get any of its
important work done for months yes do it
anyway break it break this thing
you got to break it you have to break
it you can't say yes to this even one
more time you have to break this let
everything fall apart let the whole
 thing come down break it vote
now don't ever ever let us be in this
situation again break it break it hard
break it with no remorse no apology
break it break the whole thing
please and anybody who votes for this I
would lose all respect for him
honestly anybody who votes for
this no respect I have no respect for
anybody who vote for this Republic
Democrat no respect all right let's talk
about those drones here's some Pro tip
for you if your government says these
words quote we have not seen anything to
worry about now I'm paraphrasing they
didn't use exactly those words but Kirby
was close to that if they say we haven't
seen anything to worry about it it
probably means that the government
doesn't know what's going on actually
Kirby didn't say it that way he said it
the next way if they say there's no
danger to the
public that means they do know what's
going on otherwise as many people have
noted how do you know there's no danger
if you also don't know what they
are right so
obviously super obviously the government
knows more than we do about what's going
on and for whatever reason is not
telling you so uh one of the things I
learned when I was in hypnosis class
is you can look for the the over overly
specific
lie well it's true because it's overly
specific but it's a way to lie without
lying in other words they they word
things in a way that you will leap to a
conclusion that they're not really
saying so it's sort of misleading so if
they say we have not seen anything to
worry about then you you just know that
they haven't seen anything just like you
you don't know anything they don't know
anything that's probably honest or it
could be honest but if they say there is
no danger to the public well then
they're definitely lying about knowing
or not knowing what's in
there um here's my prediction about the
drones if it hasn't started
already I'm expecting a huge decrease in
in what we called the uh drones the size
of a
car now I don't think there will be a
decrease in the Comm commercial siiz
regular drones of which there are
probably many and I don't think there'll
be a decrease in
commercial commercial flights so you're
going to see as many stars helicopters
commercial flights and you normal
commercial drones as you ever did but
there were some that were not in those
category
reportedly and you know pretty credible
people are reporting that reporting that
so I think that the ones that the the
size of a vehicle may have been military
and it may have been training and they
may be getting ready for some kind of
operation and so my prediction is that
the number of drones that are the size
of a
car are if not already will soon be
shipped over to the Middle East for at
least making it easier to negotiate it
doesn't mean that war has been decided
but you could see certainly see that uh
a convers with Iran might go
differently if you know we had lots of
military Assets in the in the
region so it might be to threaten it
might they might be for Ukraine you know
maybe they were testing some new stuff
for
Ukraine
um speaking of
Ukraine I wasn't going to talk about
this but but I will so somebody very
arrogant um said something about one of
my post about the drones uh suggesting
that I don't know anything about drones
um or what's happening in Ukraine with
drones and he went on this extended
multi-thread explanation of all the
amazing things that Ukraine is doing
with drones said that the United States
drones are useless because they're just
easy to jam uh but that somehow the
ukrainians have figured out you know the
best drones and you know all the great
drones are being made in Ukraine and
Ukraine is becoming the the world
headquarters for the best drone making
and Innovation and and it just went on
and on and on and all it looked like to
me is you know that that drug that makes
you um go to war the the October 7th
people what's it called captagon I think
the drug is called captagon it's
basically
speed that makes you invulnerable to
things that would normally bother you
like being shot and stuff like that so
it just looked to me like the person I
was talking to was on
captagon because it didn't look like you
would write that much if you were just
trying to make a point because the point
was as as easy as what I just said oh
maybe you don't know that Ukraine has
done you know amazing advances in drones
and that you know drone Warfare is the
primary War now that's all he needed to
say but it makes me wonder that one of
the biggest things that the news
mentions but doesn't work into every
story and maybe it should is that the
people involved are on
captagon and and they're on a specific
drug that creates a specific change in
personality meaning that you will do
horrible things and you do things for
longer uh and things that are harder
than you normally would so if you got a
bunch of people are all hopped up on
captagon it's going to be hard to you
know walk away from that and I imagine
they get hooked on
it anyway I don't know that he's oncap a
gun but he acted like somebody who's got
a little extra going on
um so I think there might be something
going on with our drones being tested
and maybe there'll be less of it now
um now the frustrating thing about the
drones uh which is just fascinating to
me from the
perspective uh
from the from the perspective of
psychology is that there are some things
in this world that are impossible to
communicate so you you all remember the
story of the the boy who crawled cried
wolf you know he kept saying there was a
wolf coming but because he was lying
when a wolf finally did come and the
little boy said wolf wolf and everybody
said well that little boy is lying again
so that's an example of something that
can't be communicated the little boy saw
a wolf wanted to tell somebody but it
created a situation where can't
communicate it there's something similar
to that with these drones because the
way that people communicate what they're
seeing is by taking a picture and
sending it to you so far I haven't seen
any picture that looks convincing that
there's some dangerous
anomalous drones in the in the air
however the people who are taking the
pictures are very credible so you have
the human is saying I'm standing here
and I'm seeing something I've never seen
before and there's a lot of it and I've
looked in this sky before I've never
seen this this is new and then you see
the picture and you go maybe but this a
picture of a dot but the dot is moving
sideways it's a
drone but that's what we're talking
about well but if it's a commercial
drone see at this point I would expect I
would expect the sky in New Jersey would
be full of just people's
ordinary you know commercial or or hobby
drones because they're looking for the
other
drones so there should be tons of things
in the air that are drones that are just
drones
so when the government tells you there's
nothing dangerous or anomalous what they
haven't said is we have no idea of
anything being tested that's new I feel
like the press is not asking the right
question the question they should ask
would be something like can you tell us
yes or no is the government doing
increased is the military doing any
increased testing and or evaluation or
training of drones in the New Jersey or
other areas around the United States are
you doing anything with drones of any
way that you're doing more of it in
these areas because if you just let them
say there's nothing an
that includes their own testing there's
nothing anomalous about a little extra
drone testing if they were doing drone
testing you know normally and routinely
all the time anyway so yeah it gives
them a little bit too much of an out you
gota you gotta got to nail them down a
little
bit well Trump as you know Trump said
that the government definitely knows uh
about what the drones are and what
they're up to and where they even go to
and come from
and then he was they were he was asked
if he'd been briefed a security briefing
and he said he didn't want to talk about
it now is Trump smart
enough that he would answer any question
about a security briefing by saying I
don't want to talk about it because that
might be like strategically that might
be what Trump always says he just
doesn't want to tell you until maybe
until he's in office he doesn't want to
tell you what he knows and doesn't know
so he'd rather just not talk about the
topic but the way it comes
off the way it comes off because he it's
like he's the de facto president the way
it comes off is that he knows exactly
what they
are and he doesn't want to tell you
because he
can't but he thinks they
should that's what it comes off as now
that would suggest there's something
happening but maybe anomalous isn't the
right word like I said if it's things we
always do but we're just doing a little
of it it's not that
anomalous just a little
extra
and
um and the Pentagon press secretary uh
doesn't one to explain why the uh CIA
and FBI drone briefing remains
classified so I guess the CIA and the
FBI are giving some kind of briefing to
Congress that's
classified and then the question would
be what exact are they going to talk
about drones over New Jersey that's
classified when the public would like to
know so I don't know maybe it's just
automatic that they classify anything
like
that and then let's see uh Michael Mall
who's the house Foreign Affairs
committee chairman thinks they might be
Chinese drones spy
drones um which they might be but even
if they're Chinese spy drones
does that mean they're
illegal because wouldn't China just buy
a commercial drone like everybody else
license it like everybody
else register it like everybody else and
just fly it around and look at things
they're not supposed to look
at so even those
drones if you were to look if You Were
Somehow to get their electronic signal
figure out what they are and even figure
out who's who's running it it might all
look like it's legal so so is there any
conflict between saying they're Chinese
spy drones but also saying they're
completely
legal it might be the same thing I don't
know I mean not the spying part but in
terms of how the the Drone was uh um how
it was acquired and how it's being run
anyway
so more on that later I'm
sure
um so as you know Trump says is going to
sue I guess the Iowa newspaper and uh
Anne Seltzer's old polling company
because Anne Selzer did that poll that
looked like Harris was going to win uh
maybe win big and people say that looks
like you did that fake poll
intentionally now Ann Selzer says it was
just a mistake there was no no uh
Shenanigans but then she immediately
retired which made it look even more
suspect and so Trump's going to
Su did you know that according to Harris
uh campaign people the Harris internal
polls never showed her a head never it
never showed her a
head never and yet all the public polls
uh as rasmon is having a good time you
know uh dancing on the graves of the
other pollsters although they're not
dead but sometimes you wish they were
down of business uh because they show
rasmus's projection that Trump would be
up by two followed by this whole bunch
of other pollsters saying that Harris
was up from two to six points uh right
up to the last minute the the other
polls were all I think corrupt I mean I
assumed that it wasn't just incompetence
because they were all you know sort of
in the same direction and all wrong in
the same way but from the start rasmuson
was directionally correct and then had
the one of the few pollers one of the
few
pollsters that was right from start to
finish and they're the ones that if you
listen to the mainstream news if if you
watch somebody doing a uh doing some
kind of an interview on mainstream news
and let's say a republican says well and
according to the rasmuson poll watch
what the hosts of mainstream news will
do when you say Ras
they they always do the same thing oh
rasp rasmason did you say did you say
raspas and I'm supposed to take that
seriously oh no we're only looking at
the good polls the good ones the
reliable ones but don't bring up this
rasmason stuff and of course rasmason
was one of the top pollsters for the
entire
cycle Yep they're all a bunch of liars
except for Asus and the
early um so Michael Cohen was on
CNN and he says that Trump is
right about suing the Legacy
Media Michael
Cohen Michael
Cohen says Trump is completely
right about the treatment from the
mainstream
media Michael
Cohen man when things start going right
for Trump there's a lot of stuff going
right for him right now so you know if
you didn't know Michael Cohen you know
did everything he could to stop Trump
and thwart him and he used to used to be
his lawyer but then turned on in big so
for Michael con to say anything anything
that's supportive of something Trump is
doing feels like big news and it feels
like you know Zuckerberg going to Marl
Lago it feels like Jeff Bezos is having
dinner in Marl Lago it feels like you
know the the pirate ship of people
saying you know what let's give Trump a
chance um but what he says
specifically Cohen did a good job here
the vigil and fox is reporting this on
social media on X um he says I think the
media has to do their job and then then
Cohen named a a a half a dozen of what
he called the hundred lies the media
spread about
him so Michael Cohen is having that
uh that Gilman effect situation where
since it's the news was about him he
knows when it's fake and so he says
there were hundreds hundreds of lies
about him he's probably right there
probably were hundreds of lies about him
he said look I was a recipient of more
than a hundred lies and I understand
what Trump is doing in terms of changing
the ways defamation cases are brought in
this
country that's a hell of a thing Michael
Cowen is in favor of trump suing the
fake news because it might be the only
way to fix
it that's blowing my mind it's just
blowing my mind it feels like common
sense is just breaking out all over the
place
anyway
um so you heard this story before but I
just have to say it again this the amuse
account on X is reporting this but I'll
just read their
words um so
Biden publicly ordered 11 federal
agencies to look into Elon Musk so you
remember when Biden did that creepy
smile when he was asked about Elon Musk
this was a while ago and he said
something like well we'll be look into
him and apparently he ordered 11
agencies to look into him federal
agencies all 11 opened investigations
according to the amuse account and and
all 11 funneled a total of 300 million
to
Reuters who then want want to pull a
surprise uh for their attack pieces on
on uh
Trump man if you don't know the players
you don't understand how deeply corrupt
all of this is so you had the president
of the United States say on camera in
public we're going to basically laware
this guy then he ordered the lawfare we
know the agencies all took it seriously
they opened
investigations and then and then they
funded the the brainwashing propaganda
arm of Reuters to make sure that
everybody had good cover because Reuters
would just keep saying bad things about
Trump and others would pick it up
because it's Reuters and uh wow the the
level of Badness here is just
crazy and let's say according to Reuters
this is a related story Charlie Kirk is
saying next today that uh Reuters has a
story out suggesting that um tulsy
gabber doesn't have enough support from
Republicans to get her nomination
approved and so Reuters is reporting
that the Republicans don't have the
votes so Charlie Kirk who's well
connected of course he said he checked
with the actual sources inside the
Senate and they tell me the story is
garbage and it's all fake
the news is all fake 11 agencies within
the government were corrupt and did
these fake um investigations the
president clearly is part of a crime
family clearly did this which is to me
looks illegal right in front of us G I
wonder if there's anything else that you
thought used to be a good organization
in the country that's really corrupt oh
look here's a story about the
ACLU uh they have a whole according to
post-millennial Libby Evans that ACLU
has a whole game plan to pressure local
officials into blocking Trump's
agenda so I guess the head of the ACLU
was on U I think it was on CNN and he
said uh they're working on all the
executive orders and organizing our
folks to put pressure on elected
officials so they don't roll
over now what exactly was the mission of
the ACL
you because all I'm hearing is we're
Democrats trying to stop
Trump is that what people donate money
to the ACLU for to just be political and
be for one party and stop Trump so the
ACLU looks completely corrupt and just
an organ of the Democrats at this
point so that's terrible uh meanwhile
the investigation of the invest ation so
representative Barry Loudermilk was
doing leading an investigation of the
January 6 investigation so the the
people who
investigated Trump about January 6 are
being investigated themselves and many
claims are being made about the
investigators the January 6 committee
Liz Janie
and uh and the like um and
uh there's some allegations from louder
milk's report that there might be at
least two crimes that Liz Cheney would
be uh maybe at risk for one would be
tampering with evidence apparently
there's some law about that and that the
tampering would come in the form of uh
secretly communicating with uh
Hutchinson Cassidy Hutchinson who had
some lot of negative things to say about
Trump that some of which didn't turn out
to be true so they had secret
Communications and I guess that would be
like witness tampering so if you if you
didn't disclose it and you weren't
supposed to do it you shouldn't be
talking to the witness ahead of time I
guess that's illegal federal law
criminalizes it witness tampering uh
there's also Pur procuring another to
commit perjury so for the same
conversation if there's evidence that
chany convinced Hutchinson to say
something
false that would be against the law so I
don't know if that actually happened but
um let's see um but there there is
evidence that Hutchinson committed
perjury according to the according to
these guys looking into it then what
about the missing data the January 6
select committee uh failed to preserve
uh more than one terabyte of
data uh then there's also the now well
demonstrated fact that the department of
defense officials delayed the deployment
of the National Guard despite orders
from Trump to do everything to protect
things and it some of it was for the
look of it some of it involved
lying I guess somebody lied about what
they were doing they weren't doing
anything but they said they
were so basically the uh January 6
committee is now I think I think now
completely uncovered as a
fraud and uh just a complete corrupt
process you and I knew that but to have
it officially investigated and now know
for sure it was corrupt and know for
sure in my opinion we know for sure that
it was corrupt and that uh it was not
Trump's fault that the J Sixers got
under control it was bad
security Now what's it called in the law
when you have an is an attractive
nuisance is that the right term like if
you had something in your
backyard that looked like it would be
real fun to play on if he were a little
kid but it was also deadly and little
kid said oh that looks fun and they got
killed you wouldn't get to say oh but
they trespassed here I'm making it up
because I'm not a lawyer I I think I
think you would be in trouble because
you created something that was an
attractive dangerous thing so the kid
says oh that's attractive I think I'll
go play with that big hole in the ground
ah
so
um so my point is if you create an
attractive
nuisance the people who who are
attracted to it have some responsibility
yes but whoever created the attraction
has a bigger
responsibility so if you if you run an
election that looks very much like it
was rigged I don't know know that it was
rigged but I know that the pattern
recognition of the
public the Republican
public were quite sure that it looked
rigged so you create an election that
looks
rigged and then you know there's a
protest and it's going to be at a
certain place and You' got plenty of
time to have sufficient
security but you decide not to for
whatever reason maybe a mistake maybe
intentional but if you if you run an
election that looks for all the world
like it looks rigged even if it wasn't
and then you don't have proper Security
in the one place that people are going
to go to that you know and they're going
to be really mad about the
election I would say that the government
is responsible for all of the the
everything that got broken everything
that was defaced and all the
violence now on top of it the people who
were violent have responsib ility they
definitely have responsibility but
they've also served some time I I'm
guessing maybe everybody who did
something violent has probably served a
little time by now or or lost all their
money paying for lawyers one of the
other so I feel like they all have to be
pardoned no matter what they did because
the process was so corrupt that allowing
some people who did some genuine crimes
even including violence to either get
out early or at least get out of the
process and not be pursued further I
think that's the right thing to
do so meanwhile Elizabeth Warren showing
us that Democrats only have one role in
life which is making the country worse
off and if there's ever a good idea or
something that's working they're going
to try really hard to stop
it so what's one of the best things
happening in the country well in my
opinion one of the best things happening
in the country is Elon Musk and Doge and
his close connection to Trump and the
fact that they get along and seem to be
on the same
page so what does Elizabeth Warren want
to do she wants to make that impossible
uh so she wants some kind of stringent
conflict of interest agreement that
would say that musk you know can't be
involved in certain set of things but
what would really happen if such a
conflict of interest document got
created
well let me tell you Elon Musk has his
fingers in every part of America so
basically he would either be completely
excluded from everything because there
would always be some part of his
business or something he's doing that
has some conflict of interest with
everything with everything and and so he
just wouldn't be able to do it or if he
did it they'd have a reason to you know
jail him or go after him so it it looks
to
me like the Democrats have have gone
from being some kind of a just
opposition party to how could we make
everything not work oh let's add some
Dei that will make every company fail
and the government fail let's stop the
two most effective people in the United
States musk and Trump from working
effectively together let's let's uh get
rid of free speech
but we'll do it cleverly with these
NGS Let's
uh let's create a committee to
investigate the investigate and blame
somebody for the problems that we
created by not having good security and
running an election that didn't look
proper to the public so so they found a
way to blame the wrong people for
January 6 the right people to blame is
whoever created that election system
where we couldn't tell if somebody won
or not they got a lot of blame and the
bad
security all right well how evil is how
evil are things Mike cernovich had an
idea that I loved uh he said there's so
much evil to uncover from the Biden
regime it should be its own office so he
recommends the evil
Zar evil with the capital E basically
isar to to root out the evil
and he had even a suggestion for him to
to be that person he said a special
Envoy to uncover censorship bribes money
laundering and NGO uh
 he says give Mike Ben an office
staff and subpoena power let him start
pulling on threads now I saw that Mike
Ben uh sort of
jokingly referred to it and posted it
which suggests he's not a hard
no he not a hard no so let me let me
weigh in here this will be a good
test well this will be a really good
test so you know how I always say that
the Trump Administration
is somewhat
genius in how well connected they are to
the base and how how frequently and how
aggressive they are about looking for
suggestions or just good ideas that
bubble up and I don't think that happens
with the Democrats I think the Democrats
are a top- Down Party completely but
because of trump being able to read the
room and always being connected and
always wanting to like get the
temperature of the base just
always um if you have a better
idea I believe on the Republican side
the better idea will rise to the top
only from being the better idea that's
it it just has to be the better idea so
in my opinion this is a better idea
so Mike has over a million followers
I've got over a million I I'm going to
boost it so I've already boosted it on X
this is a good idea including the person
so I don't know if Mike Benz would be
interested in the job if such a thing
happened but you'd be exactly the right
person and I really want this I really
want this and I can't imagine a stronger
stronger play so this will be a good
test Can Can the better idea Bubble Up
from just something that Mike cernovich
was thinking well before he typed it and
then I looked at it and said yeah that's
actually a good idea now will there be
other prominent uh pundits who will pick
it up will you see other opinion people
say well here's an idea why don't we
have an evil Zar maybe call it something
different but why why don't we put you
know Mike Benz in charge of figuring out
this stuff and doing something about it
so let's see if it bubbles
up meanwhile according to the gayway
pundit and other news uh Trump was right
again because police had to arrest 14
people in Aurora Colorado in an
apartment complex because they had been
taken over by that Trend araga gang from
Venezuela who reportedly tortured
residents and that were found tied up
and
stabbed okay
so Trump was right about
that he was right about
that
um so V actually read the entire 1500
page Bill he says it's full of excess
suspending pork blah blah uh so he says
vote no there we go so V said no on the
spending bill now he's not in office but
do we listen to VI yes
now yeah you know uh Marvel's The
Avengers one of the one of the famous
lines from whichever one it was
whichever movie uh is they they say we
have a Hulk and I always laugh at that
line you know that there secret their
secret thing is well we have a Hulk like
I think of that every time fake does one
of these things who else who else read
and understood 1500 pages of the
continuing
resolution probably just him right so
and then he weighed in and then we take
his word for it because he's highly
credible and super smart
so
Democrats Republicans Republicans they
have a
vake do you have one of those is is
there any Republican who can do
that why he just did read all 1500 pages
in one day and then and then give you a
summary of it that's actually useful and
persuasive who could do that I mean
seriously I just looked at that big pile
and said no no no
thanks anyway American Airlines has
dropped their Dei policy according to
the post millennial and so they got rid
of Dei polic icies and quarters and
recruitment and do you know why they did
it because it's illegal that's right so
American Airlines said uh they must
return this is American Airlines this is
them this is the company saying they
must return to using Merit uh not the
desire to check a Dei box to select the
most but rather to select the most
skilled and qualified
employees
um and the the the company admitted that
the policy is a violation of federal
laws so American Airline not only got
rid of
Dei certainly because of the Trump
effect um but they say out
loud without any
qualifications it was
illegal so we got rid of it now let me
put the dilber filter on this situation
do you know how big a deal this
is do you have any idea how big that
is if the only if the only part of the
story was oh we don't like the bad press
so we got rid of Dei I'd think oh that's
cool it wouldn't be world changing but
it'd be cool if some company got rid of
di but no this is bigger because they
said in public the Dei stuff was illegal
and that's why they're not doing it now
you're the CEO of a competing airline
company and you just saw your competitor
say we have to stop doing that because
it's illegal and like seriously illegal
it's not just technically illegal it's
racism put into the
corporate
rules you can't get more illegal than
that
so this is effectively a
reframe so we're going from oh EI is
good for society we should all be doing
more of it and now American Airlines
just reframed it it's
illegal that's
it you it would take maybe one more
company to make a statement like this
maybe one more because if it's just one
off maybe you can ignore it but by the
second or third company that says yeah
this is just illegal
and the reason we're getting rid of it
is you know it's nothing to do with the
people we're trying to serve nothing to
do with not wanting diversity it's just
illegal and as soon as you get three
companies major ones that say we're
doing we're getting away with we're
getting rid of it because it's
illegal every other company will have to
do it here's why I'm a stockholder
huh um why why is the company stock that
I own not avoiding this obvious legal
Peril and pursuing Merit which obviously
would make me more money as a
stockholder H if it's
illegal why why am I owning stock in a
company that's doing so like a major
illegal thing and maybe we'll get sued
by the government or shut
down so I think the pressure will turn
really
quickly so there there's definitely
progress in getting rid of Dei and you
see them otally boop boop just a dot dot
dot but this is going to be one of those
situations that's slow until it's
fast when there's going to be a collapse
it looks like I think it's easy to
predict so just a few more just a few
more and they just have to say out loud
and in
writing we're changing it because it's
illegal and then the entire industry
will like everybody's going to have to
change at that point it won't take much
um well here's an update on the Middle
East and those uh those hostages that
Hamas has you've been hearing happy
sounding noises like oh we're getting
close to some kind of a hostage deal or
you know Biden's trying hard to get a
hostage deal done before before he
leaves office uh apparently nothing like
that's even close according to axios so
so three Israeli officials are like no
we're not we don't have anything it's
not close so don't expect that to
happen
um I saw I saw
a I saw Tucker Carlson interviewing
Jeffrey Sachs uh who's got controversial
views about uh Israel and about a lot of
things um so you should do your own
research about who Jeffrey sax is that's
that's the best way I can tell you to
form an opinion he has an interesting
background and you should know where his
uh loyalties are and who pays them for
what before before you listen to his
opinions but he had one statement that I
don't know if it's true but it raises
this question he says that Israel or at
least in Netanyahu is playing for a
greater Israel where there's basically
no Palestinian state next to him so in
other words it would give Israel some
kind of permanent control over their
Palestinian neighbors but the
Palestinians would not have their own
State now or ever now first of all I
don't know for sure that that's
netanyahu's plan but I would ask this
question what other plan could there
be in what world is there some plan
where the
Palestinians given the history up to
this point are going to be able to get
their own State and live next to Israel
like I feel like even talking about
that feels
dumb like it doesn't feel like an
opinion it just feels like do you have
any idea what's going on over there I'm
I'm no expert but I know one
thing both sides don't really have any
room to negotiate a middle ground so
there's no middle ground see anything
that would be you know Israel living
next to an actual country that's its own
country called you know the Palestinian
country there's no way that can work
because it wouldn't be safe for Israel
and they have no obligation to do
something that's deeply unsafe for
them so how does anybody really expect
that there would ever be a Palestinian
State because why would Israel if they
have the power to stop it it looks like
they do why would they ever agree
created that now I feel like people are
doing
recreational opinions about Israel
because it's too hard to have a real one
a recreational opinion would be all
right I will fantasize that two
countries are formed they live in peace
because they've done everything right
and the International Community has
figured out how to make them live in
peace forever that can't happen the
there there are way too many brainwashed
Palestinians who just want to kill
Israelis that if you put them next to
each other we would just be right back
in this situation you know that they
would end up having to reack the
Palestinian country every five years and
wipe out their government and destroy
all their assets and then they would be
even more mad when they built
back so I ask you in all seriousness
what the hell is Israel supposed to do
if if they were to say all right we will
incorporate all the Palestinians and
just say it's all Israel it's just one
country and it's just Israel well they
can't do that because then their
demographic situation would be in
Jeopardy and it would be you know if the
Palestinians got a vote they would just
outbreed the Israelis until they ran the
whole thing so there's really
nothing that Israel can do to fix
us they just have a permanently
dangerous situation which they can deal
with with as things blow up right it's
like whacka here's a here's a terrorist
whack here's a terrorist whack but they
never really can stop playing
whack-a-mole there's no path to anything
like that
so I think that the Middle East just has
to be understood as a power Dynamic if
the Palestinians had all the power
things would be really really bad for
Israel right now Israel has more power
and Things Are really really bad in Gaza
you know you could argue they brought it
on at least theas brought it on
themselves but it's just a power play
it's nothing but who has the power is in
charge and if America wants to dominate
the Middle East so that we can have our
way energy
wise maybe by the
way speaking of Mike Ben
um when uh when I tell you that the
United States is this big colonizing
bastard country and that we're we're
truly
evil America is really evil the the the
number of countries we've
overthrown isn't it like I don't know 60
or 80 countries or something you know
Romania just got a taste of it Ukraine's
falling apart I mean if you look at the
totality of everything that America's
done in my lifetime it's
evil however ever I I heard Mike Ben
explain something that I was explaining
too and it was good to have you know
somebody that smart and well well
informed have the same opinion it goes
like this if we were not
bastards somebody would be the bigger
bastard because we live in a bastardy
bastard world so your only choices are
growing or shrinking living or dying
getting stronger or getting weaker
nobody gets to just find their perfect
situation and just go with it you that's
not an option everything's either
growing or the other thing is growing
and it's going to eat you so the reason
that the that America has created at
least until recently a strong middle
class and a great lifestyle and we
always felt pretty
safe is because the bastard activity
it's because of just dominating and
stealing and you know controlling and
manipulating and brainwashing and all
those things that you would call evil
but if we didn't do those
things I wouldn't have this nice podcast
and you wouldn't be listening to it and
the comfort of wherever you are so you
have to be you have to be a little
cognizant that you you can be on your uh
moral High ground and say oh we should
not do these evil
things but the alternative is much worse
and you know it it's hard to say out
loud yeah we're evil but it's kind of
working for us and the the alternative
is the other evil people would eat us so
what are you going to do so that's just
the realistic way to look at the world
and I saw Mike Ben say say a version of
that that I fully agree
with anyway that ladies and gentlemen is
what I wanted to talk about today I'm
going to talk to the locals subscriber
privately now because they're awesome
and uh thanks for joining we'll see you
tomorrow same time same
place and uh by X and Rumble and YouTube
locals I'm coming at your private
privately Le
in
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e