but a pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom hey everybody come on in
here gather round
it's Friday but it's more than that
it's more than Friday it's june 1st 2018
and do you know what happens in the
morning of June 1st 2018 well one of the
things that happens is the simultaneous
sip it goes like this you lift your mug
your vessel your container of delicious
beverage coffee preferred but not
required for the same a simultaneous hip
oh that's good simultaneous iffen well
let's start of start with a few stories
one of the stories is a couple of tweets
by secretary
Pompeyo secretary of straight straight
Secretary of State
Pompeyo and one of them says POTUS has
made it clear that if Kim jong-un
denuclearize --is there is a brighter
path for North Korea we envision a
strong connected secure and prosperous
North Korea that maintains its cultural
heritage but is integrated into the
community of nations which is all nice
talk right he is just saying hey we look
forward to this all working out it looks
great but it gets even better
so here's the tweet right after that
also secretary
Pompeyo and listen to the the tone and
the persuasion in this next tweet the
proposed summit offers a historic
opening for POTUS and Chairman Kim to
boldly lead us and DPRK into a new era
of peace prosperity and
our country's face a pivotal moment in
which it could be nothing short of
tragic to let this opportunity go to
waste
wow that is so good let me tell you what
I like about this number one it elevates
well I'm not going to say elevate I say
I'm gonna say it treats the President of
the United States and Chairman Kim as
peers in this context so look at the
first sentence the proposed summit
offers historic opening for the
president you know president trompet and
chairman Kim so it puts it in the same
sentence to boldly lead this is both of
them
they're both boldly leading to two
countries into a new era of peace
prosperity and security
so they're both leading they're both
doing something that's important for the
world for their countries this is
something that presents a potential
win-win you notice that the language is
no longer in we're gonna get what we
want even if you don't get what you want
now it's all win-win and then he does
something else that I've noted the
president does well I wouldn't be
surprised if President Trump is you know
co-author of this or at least influenced
the way it was put together in this last
sentence our countries face a pivotal
moment in which it could be nothing
short of tragic to let this opportunity
go to waste
so it's described as an opportunity
something something we have in our hands
and it would be a tragedy to let it go
to waste
oh my god that's good because here's why
this is good if you say to somebody I'm
reading a tweet from secretary Pompeo to
tweets from yesterday and what's good
about this is that sometimes it's
powerful to say
hey we have a good thing we could get
you know if you work with us we can go
from where we are to something good that
would be okay persuasion this is better
than okay persuasion because humans are
wired to care more about something they
might lose than to care about something
they might gain because something you
have is automatically value to valuable
to you and you'll fight harder to keep
it then you will fight to get a new
thing that you've never had
we're just wired that way so the way
Pompeo words it is that we already have
a thing which we do this is real he says
it would be nothing short of tragic to
let this opportunity go to waste
oh my god that's good that is so good
this is exactly the right message
because because the point is we've never
been in this good a situation before
we've never been this close so that
makes us something you have that you can
lose now how easy would it have been to
do this wrong all right wrong would be
we don't have anything yet we've just
we've decided nothing yet
you know don't don't be fooled that
we're close we could be walking away any
minute now this could all fall apart
don't get your hopes up that's the
normal way right so the normal way is
don't get your hopes up we don't think
anything's necessarily going to happen
you know the future is unknowable and
that did make sense before we got close
but now we've got it in our hands
Kim has it in his hands greatness right
I'm talking about you know I'm what does
the correct title trim chairman Kim all
right so listen to us so I told you
before their president Trump's tone
about North Korea is one that we as a
a public should adopt this is one of
those cases where whether you are for
the president or against the president
he is the commander in chief he is close
to something that could be amazing and
he's clearly signalling with his own
tweets his own statements this is
President Trump and now you see
Secretary of Pompeo picking up the tone
and amplifying it this is the tone that
you the public should be taking get out
of your we win they lose mode get out of
they win we lose mode just lose it
because that doesn't get you to the
finish line the finish line looks like
this right that that doesn't mean we can
get there but that's what it looks like
right it looks like talking about Kim
jong-un as chairman Kim so I'm gonna
take I'm gonna take the lead on this and
I'd always wondered what's that what's
the best way to refer to him so I would
ask the rest of you to consider taking
the lead of our president taking the
lead of the Secretary of State and when
you refer to Kim even and tweets column
Chairman Kim because at the moment we we
all have something to lose we don't want
to lose it were that close all right
let's show some respect so and and I've
said this I made this point before we've
never been in a situation in in the
history of the world in which public
opinion was so tied to the government's
actions and that's because social media
is so powerful it's because we have a
president who's a populist he's really
tuned into the the will of the people
you know people he gets criticized for
you know watching CNN and Fox News
probably more Fox News than CNN but for
staying connected to the people so so
directly you know between the tweeting
and the watching TV I've always said
those are exactly the way you stay in
touch with popular thought
I think in the future that will be
considered one of the smartest things
the president did which is stay
connected in that way but the other part
of that connection is that as the public
moves the president is influenced you
know don't think of this as the
president influences us because it works
both ways we're doing stuff collectively
it influences him he does stuff it
influences us we're sort of like one big
unit of leadership right now and if you
don't do your part you're you're you're
missing the situation the situation is
what you and I do now actually does
matter and I'm not sure that ever
mattered before you know the Chairman
Kim is watching you through his people
etc does chairman Kim look at American
public opinion to decide what kind of a
deal he could or should get you know
what kind of a how much can he trust a
deal that we make he's absolutely
looking at American public opinion he's
looking at the way we talk he's looking
at the respect we show so let's get on
board
clear clear leadership from president
Trump and Secretary Pompeo and again
I'll say obviously the country is very
divided country is very divided you
can't take you know that's that's just a
reality but when it comes to this stuff
you know a deal that could be you can
historic for the country don't think
about it it's good or bad for the
president don't think about it's good or
bad for for anybody but you know the
society all right now with that little
bit of positivity let's talk about some
things that are less positive you are
all aware of the story of Samantha bee
who said some things that people found
quite disturbing about lumpkin Trump now
you may say to yourself and this is
I'm gonna call this the old way of
thinking you probably said to yourself
their side took out Roseanne for reasons
that you don't think they're valid our
side but a consumer B for the same
reason if we don't fight back just as
hard as they're fighting they'll walk
all over us I'm going to challenge that
thinking I'm gonna challenge that
thinking at this point probably the best
thing that you could do to help help
Roseanne is to not go after Samantha B
and I would like to propose that we all
take a moment step back from the you
know the battle that is this pitched
left-right battle and just reassess
whether the battle still makes sense
we're not really in campaign mode
anymore there was something about this
last election where people never gotta
in a campaign mode and so we still want
to fight as hard as we can because we
think that is the right strategy it's
not just that we're mad you know both
sides it's that we think it's the right
strategy to get something we want I
would submit that that was the right
strategy during the election fighting
hard pointing out the flaws on the other
side
that's election talk you know that's
that's when you take off the gloves
that's when you're supposed to fight
well when there's a winner when the
boxing match is over you're supposed to
shake hands
the handshake never happened we're still
locked in campaign mode where we're
going adding each other so I would
suggest this if you want Roseanne to be
forgiven
you know if forgiven is the right word
forgive Kathy Griffin forgive Michelle
wolf forgive Samantha B and let's talk
about Sarah Silverman all right I'll
talk about her in a moment I'm going to
suggest that the best smartest
strategic thing that Trump supporters
could do for the summer is to be nice
and I and I would suggest that you
should be nice in a specific way which
is that go after people's ideas as hard
as you can
but don't go after people give up the
boycotts just don't go after people
right so that's my suggestion let's
let's make this a summer of love yeah
somebody if somebody just said we won
the war is over
president Trump's in office you know the
other side has some reasons to be mad
they didn't get their way the people who
support the president are looking at
record unemployment you know record good
unemployment levels wages are up I saw
that today things are going in the right
direction with North Korea we hope
they'll go well if you're a trump
supporter it's time for you the lead
don't follow if you're attacking the
left in the same fashion that they're
attacking you you're following why this
isn't the campaign you can take an
uplevel you you can get out of that mode
you can take the lead of President Trump
ask yourself what was the last time
President Trump was sort of a jerk in
public you know when you know of course
he fights hard on the issues of course
but have you not noticed a genuine turn
really only the last 30 days or so in
which the president has taken on a more
what would be the term nice a nice tone
you know he's done some pardons of
people yeah the the Jack Johnson pardon
you don't do that for any other reason
than to inject some niceness into the
world you know he's so he's sort of on a
nice campaign with North Korea because
it's functional he's being nice in
office in general I think because it's
functional the president I've said from
the beginning knows when to write you
know crank up the insults when to crank
them down have you have watched it
yourself when North Korea was yeah in a
battle of words he matched it now we're
in a different phase if you don't
believe the president can control how he
insults and what mode he's in just watch
this you just watched him go from you
know super high provocative statements
to hey let's all get along we can help
you get rich be our friend and by the
way one of the patterns that the
president hasn't yet mentioned but I
think it's I think it's important is a
lot of people are saying to themselves
well does it would it pay North Korea to
be friends with the United States and I
would say look at our track record when
any country says we are your friend as
opposed to getting rid of nuclear
weapons that's a different thing right
if somebody just gets rid of their
nuclear weapons but they're not our
friend well they're not our friend but
if you're Japan you get rid of your your
military for the most part and you
become our friend it's all good all
right
Germany they didn't just you know
surrender after World War two they
became her friend being our friend
the United States is a super good deal
and I don't think that that pattern has
been quite reinforced as much as it is
and I think that you're seeing this with
Iran as well the overtures from the
United States and even Israel if you saw
by the way if you saw Netanyahu's video
I tweeted that yesterday in which he was
making a super friendly
gesture toward the Iranian people
blaming essentially their their regime
for any problems that they have it was a
direct call for friendship with the
Iranian people now let me ask you this
is being friends with Israel in that
region a good deal it's a really good
deal it's a really good deal because
being friends with the United States a
good deal it's a really good deal so
that's a pattern we should reinforce
let's talk about Sarah Silverman there
was a tweet this morning that people
called my attention to you in which she
said and I want to get the exact words
Sarah I think she was responding to
somebody else's tweet and she said so
this is comedian Sarah Silverman she
said racists rarely think they're racist
just like cults don't know they're cults
just like groupthink zombies who say
stuff like coastal elite Lib
snowflake feminazi sjw etc don't know
they're sheep with an inability for a
critical thought or original thought in
my in my opinion now you say to yourself
oh that's awful that's awful well let's
go to the white board
here's what I see happening
I see a progression of people's
understanding of the reality they live
it and I see it in these phases roughly
speaking phase one is where you say my
side is all good and the people on the
other side are evil or dumb some
combination of you know ignorant evil
dumb this is the lowest level of
awareness if you think that your side is
doing all the good stuff and the other
side is doing all the evil dumb stuff
you know at least in terms of American
politics I'm not talking about you know
the Nazis who were in fact just you know
evil but in the normal course of
ordinary citizens who are not breaking
the law
we think our side is good the other side
is evil and dumb this is the lowest
level of awareness Sarah I think Sarah
Silverman used to be here by the way and
maybe only a year ago Sarah has now
moved to this level in which in which
she said my side is good and your side
is not evil and dumb they're deluded
[Music]
that's believe it or not that's
legitimate progress now I'm saying
diluted and you know the word she used
were people don't realize they're there
being racists
so she's moved from their dumb and evil
to therefore they're sort of hypnotized
they they're in there in an illusion
they're deluded now you could say to
yourself well that's not true but that's
not my point today it's not the point is
not whether something is true or false
the point is this is a higher level of
understanding of the reality that you
live in it's not quite there but it's a
movement in the right direction the one
after this where you say your sight is
good and the other people are confused
they're in sort of an illusion is Yanni
and Laurel all right we've been teased
with this reality and it's sort of the
reality that I've been trying
to explain to you for as long as you've
been listening to me that we are all
experiencing our own little movie my
movie isn't the true one it's just the
one I'm experiencing your movie isn't
the true one it's just the one you're
experiencing so I don't criticize you
for being deluded evil or dumb because I
know neither of us are seeing reality
right neither of us are seeing reality
we as human beings don't have access to
it we did not evolve to the point where
we can see things clearly we're not even
close
so to imagine that that your team has
that power
but all the people on the other team
somehow lacked that that capacity that
you evolved to have is not a high level
of thinking well every bit of science
psychology you know the scholarship
agrees with what I'm telling you right
now people experience their own reality
that's different from saying there isn't
a base reality I'm just saying that we
can't see it and nobody on either side
you can see the base reality and I would
say that there's a slightly at least the
potential for a yet higher level of
understanding in which you can learn to
spot the triggers because if you can
learn to spot the triggers you have at
least some chance of knowing which
person has departed from reality the
base reality if there is one the the
farthest and I would say that you would
the the way to operate in this reality
where nobody knows anything for sure is
to use prediction as your best guide so
if your lauryl predicts that other
people will also hear Laurel well that
would be a good prediction and maybe you
should stick with that filter unreality
but if you know that some people are
going to hear Yanni and some people are
going to hear your Laurel I guess that
would be a prediction - and it would
understand
it would it would be pretty close to
what you would actually experience if
you predicted that so here's my larger
point it's time for the let's say the
right to take some leadership you have
been following up to this point and
you've been following the people that
you criticize the most you've been
following the left even matching them
you've been you've been doing that
hypocrisy thing where you say oh why are
you criticizing this when you are so bad
the other day well first of all it's
almost always true that whoever is
criticizing you did not take that
specific position you're saying
everybody and that other side took all
right we people are picking and choosing
to make it look like the other side all
of them you know 100% of them are all
hypocrites because there was one person
who had this opinion in that group and
another person had this opinion and
therefore they're all hypocrites because
two different people had different
opinions that's not how it works
all right let's let's let's skip past
the hypocrite stuff here's what you say
if somebody says you know you have bad
manners if somebody says you have bad
manners you should say first of all look
at what you did say Wow is that bad
manners why is somebody saying that and
if you did the best most strategic
valuable useful for your benefit is to
say what are you talking about and then
if it looks like you have bad manners
you say oh what can I do about that see
if I can fix it here's what never helps
you had bad manners yesterday that never
made anything better right so if the
moment somebody says you have bad
manners and all you do is parrot them
back only you have bad manners yesterday
they're the leader and you're the
follower that would make sense if they
were smart or better you know more more
awesome than you you probably should
follow people who know more than you
have let's say an ethical framework that
you admire so sometimes you should
follow people there's nothing wrong with
that but her in fact in fact it's very
helpful but keep in mind who's the
leader in who's the follower in this
situation if somebody tells you you're
bad and you just pare it back the same
thing they said you know you're bad to
yesterday you were bad or worse or worse
somebody says to you you have manners
and you say oh yeah well somebody who
has some similar beliefs of than you do
some similar beliefs as you about
politics that other person was bad
yesterday what what how does that move
you in the right direction how is that
any kind of leadership all right
so I propose that the folks who are
Trump supporters people who are on the
right take some leadership and take
advantage of the summer to just be nicer
stop going after people personally and
even if they go after you respond with
you know if you're if you happen to be
Christian maybe there's a there's a a
Christian way to respond if somebody
criticizes you how about admitting it if
if there's something there and say okay
I was I was pretty rude there and back
off all right it makes sense to see the
people who are out of power per se be a
little bit meaner that's you know we
wish that were not the case but the side
the sound of power is going to be a
little meaner that isn't the right and
so if you'd like to take things to
another level just understand where you
are on this progression and where you
don't want to be you don't want to be
here Sarah Silverman has already taken
it up a notch
and I saw I saw people turn this around
on her and in fact I did that with my
own tweet so my my retweet of her
comment was that if all you have is a
hammer
everything looks like a nail now that's
not an insult about her
that's an insult about how people and it
wouldn't it would apply to anybody if if
you're locked into a filter that's all
you're gonna see so I was directly
criticizing her idea that that there's
one side they can't see what what movie
they're in because she's not wrong about
that
she's only half right she's the the
reality is that both sides are in their
own movie so if you see me on Twitter
going after somebody personally but
let's say their looks or calling out
something they did 20 years ago you call
me out of it
you know point it out to me if you see
me do that do a little self policing
here right likewise you may notice in
the coming weeks and months that I might
I might do some friendly reminders to
people who would normally be on my side
so if I if I see you're going after
somebody personally their looks there if
I if I see you imagining you know their
inner thoughts I might point it out but
don't take it personally because the
point is to try to get the people who
are you know who who can change easily
most easily to get them to change the
right can change more easily because
there's a group that's getting more of
what they want right it's easy to be
nice when you're getting what you want
the left is going to have a hard time
and they're gonna need some leadership
and if you want to provide some
leadership keep in mind we're no longer
in the world where the only person who
is a leader is the president we don't
live in that world social media has made
everybody influential in different ways
all right so you can you can step it up
you can be nice even when they're not
nice to you and it would take away the
biggest club that they have on the left
yeah you make it safe for
left to be mean
could the there's a reason this Samantha
bee probably will not get probably won't
lose their job we don't know yet but
probably won't suffer too much for her
comment and the reason is this you made
it easy for that to happen now I think
she should keep her job by the way that
would be my preference I would hope that
you would also hope that so you should
hope that she keeps her job as you hope
that Roseann comes out well if you
believe that in both cases there was
somebody who just was a comedian who
went over the line maybe didn't quite
realize you know the impact of their
words when when somebody like Roseanne
says I think she's now saying that she
was on ambien and at one point she said
she thought she didn't know that Valerie
Jarrett was anything but white now when
she says that does that make sense well
yes it does actually you could take
either one of those explanations and
that would make sense you put them
together and it definitely makes sense
because you know part of the you know
degraded thought process might have been
the ambient so is it a good enough
excuse that you thought she was white
probably not right because because she
thought she was at least Persian I
believe she thought so so just the fact
that she's got anything inner that you
know would raise the question it's just
bad judgment so you know boy either
those excuses by themselves is kind of
weak you put them together or they're
actually pretty good but here's the
larger point I'm not going to ask you to
to to read anybody's mind don't read
Roseanne's mind but when somebody tells
you I did something stupid I'm really
sorry
here's why I did it and the reason that
you hear sounds actually is that's a
reasonable explanation just accept it
you don't want to live in a world where
somebody who apologizes shows their work
and and does you know what they can
after the fact you don't want that to be
worth nothing because once you make it
worth nothing you don't get it anymore
all right people our people our people
respond to incentive so if you if you
take away the power of an apology by not
accepting it not taking people at their
word for what they were thinking you
devalue it and if you want to live in
that world that would be one way to do
it all right both apologize do one was
punished yeah here's the error don't
equate those two situations do not
equate what happened to one and what
happened to the other first of all as if
I've taught you anything it's that
analogies are useless so you're making
an analogy hey Samantha be had this it's
Rosanne had this analogies never work
the obvious reason in this case is that
one was allegedly racism I don't believe
it was but people believe that so they
act on their belief and the other one
was a woman insulting a woman now I
didn't make the rules but the the
existing rules of our society is you can
insult yourself so woman could insult a
woman Chris Rock can insult black people
Rosanna thought she was insulting
another white person according to her
version of events
it would have been less of a big deal if
that had been the case but that that
little bit of ambiguity on ethnicity is
a big big problem all right
prediction about Iran here's here's my
preference on Iran let's move away from
the board here
I think you'll see the presidency I
think you'll see the president taking a
similar approach with Iran as with North
Korea and similar only in this one
limited way I think that he's going to
clearly emphasize the the good future
they could have being our friends versus
how bad things will be if they're not so
look for that contrast related
persuasion that we're seeing with North
Korea now I call it persuasion but I
don't mean that in some kind of weird
manipulative way because what they're
saying is just the truth all right it's
not it's not manipulative to point out
the truth that the other person
understands is the truth
right that the world could be amazing
with with our enemies becoming our
friends because they just don't really
have a strong reason to be our enemies
and things could be terrible as enemies
terrible for them terrible for us all
right so I think you see that now here's
the here's the the thought process that
could get us to a good place with Iran
now on one level economics drives our
choices for a lot of stuff so you know
Iran's economic future might might be
enough to drive them in the right
direction but usually people need to a
fake because or a better reason or a
change in something in order to to move
their minds to a new place and and
here's the frame that I've been playing
whether they'll test this out with you
it seems to me that Islam does not does
not it does not prohibit you from using
better weapons so if what you're trying
to do is let's say spread Islam in the
old days it was spread by swords they
didn't have the internet it was the only
way you could spread Islam today you see
the more radical elements
Isis etc there's there's still the
minority but you see them trying to
spread with weapons now in the old days
when Islam spread with weapons what was
the result
well quite often the result was more
Muslims because they would conquer an
area and convert people and so you would
start with this this strategy oh we'll
use our swords to conquer places and
then we'll have more muscles and that
worked for a long time
fast-forward to lately what has happened
lately when Islam tries to advance
through weapons well if you look at
Syria the answer is there are fewer
Muslims in other words there are just so
many people dead that they're just fewer
people so the strategy of using weapons
to spread your religion went from the
very best strategy and really the only
one that would work back in the old days
- currently normal weaponry even if it's
good weapons missiles whatever just
don't work so if something stops working
I'm pretty sure no matter who your God
is that they would suggest using better
tools because it's not about the tools
you know God didn't care if he used a
sword or a gun or a missile that that
was now specified so I think the higher
level of thinking is that now that
ordinary physical weaponry doesn't just
doesn't work that the only thing that
does work in a battle of ideas is the
Internet and here's the frame that I
think could take Iran to a better place
and it goes like this we don't want to
get involved with any of Iran's internal
anything we don't want to promote a
revolution we don't want to demand
change we don't want to take sides we
want Iran to take care of Iran but
here's something everybody knows we know
and they know Iran has two forces that
we'll create change tons of young people
like a very disproportionate percentage
of young people in Iran youth always
leads to change and number two they have
access to the Internet and that's not
going to change so if you have access to
the Internet and you have tons of young
people change happens so instead of
saying Iran you should change your evil
regime I think that just stiffens
resistance better Iran we would like to
be friends with you
please you know please take care of your
internal changes in a way that keeps
everybody safe it's your business change
is going to happen there's no there's no
alternative to that the forces that
cause change are in place there's
nothing that can change it I did see
just recently that the number of
protests in Iran an observer who said
without the benefit of science just
observational II that there were more
protests happening in Iran right now
than at any time since you know perhaps
the revolution or something so there are
things happening in Iran that are just
going to happen whether we're we or
Israel or anybody else cares or is
involved has an opinion it doesn't
matter
change is happening and there's nothing
they can do about it right there's
nothing anybody can do about it except
prepare for it so here's the the frame I
would take change is coming it's yours
to make it's not us we just wish the
Iranian people well but we'll tell you
that being our friend is a really really
good deal and we hope that at the end of
this change if there's any way we can be
part of it if there's any way we can be
a useful part of whatever Iran wants to
become we're there if Iran would like to
stay true to its principles and would
like to spread its ideology we invite
you to the Internet and we will make
sure that our social platforms do not
and your speech unless it's prevented
the same way we prevent our own speech
which is there some some violent types
of speech which is prevented for us as
well so so Iran put down the weapons
that don't work they used to work they
don't work anymore and take up the
weapon that does work the weapon of
ideas the internet you know let's let's
be part of the conversation and if your
God is supportive of you your arguments
and his will as it is expressed through
you on the Internet should be enough in
the old days you didn't have the
internet you had to use a sword if you
wanted more Islam that's not the case
now you have the Internet make your case
and we'll we'll help you bake it free
speech is a big deal all right
so as we enter the summer of love I
would ask you to consider policing your
own opinions take some leadership
instead of following the other side take
the leadership of your president and the
Secretary of State who have modified
their tone to fit the situation there
might be a time in the future where a
going mean is exactly what you want to
do in fact you know it might be during
the election and and sometimes there is
an actually utility to going tough on
the other side and that's during a
campaign in particular so let's take our
games let's let's feel happy about what
works let's offer to some countries that
have been our traditional enemies that
being our friend is a really really good
deal that's all I have for today
I'll talk to you later