ba-ba-boom hey everybody I hope you're
hey Jack I hope everybody's day is as
weird as mine
what are we or day I'm not even sure I
have much to talk about but I'll tell
you what I do have to talk about
did you see the howard dean tweet so
Amy's Siskind first tweeted it she's a
advocate for women's rights Politico 50
okay so she tweets this photo of a
neo-nazi is gathering in Georgia now my
understanding is that the entire you
know bunch of Nazis are all in the photo
there's nobody left out like that's it
that's they were they're all in just one
photo I have a rule that goes like this
if all of my enemies can fit into one
photo without any photoshopping I'm not
too worried about him
but then Howard Dean retweets that and
he says Trump the base voters literally
talking about the KKK now of course it
may be true that their Trump voters that
might actually be true but of course the
point of it is to smear the rest of
Trump supporters with you know these
idiots in Georgia and so Howard Dean
tweets us exactly the same week that
Kanye is tweeting Candace Owens and me
and he's it seems like there's a
zeitgeist there's a thing happening
there's there's something important
happening in just the conscious
of the world and Howard Dean is not
quite on the ship here's the ship here's
Howard I don't know how you could be so
far away from sort of the the average
person's thinking that that smearing
Trump supporters with the KKK still
makes sense to you why that and how does
he not know that that's the problem and
not the solution he tweets it like he's
he's helping maybe if I tweet this there
will be fewer or Nazis and Trump will go
ahead and wapis let me tweet this and
well that was a bad imitation of Howard
Dean tweeting let me do a better
impression of Howard Dean tweeting or
something like that
I forget how he screams but Wow anyway
so here's the interesting thing
oh I'm 2.3 thousand people watching so
here's the interesting thing about the
so Kanye if you don't know Kanye West
tweeted I guess nine different subsets
of outtakes from a clip I did in which I
was talking about him and his tweet
about Candace Owens and how that tore a
hole in the in the fabric of reality and
I'll tell you what's what's happening
already
you've or you're already seeing it
BuzzFeed has already tried to brand me
as a men's rights activist they're
calling me a men's rights activist
because once I wrote a blog post
mocking men's rights activists that's it
I once wrote a blog post in which I made
fun of men's rights activists and so
BuzzFeed does their research this is off
I guess he's a men's rights activist
by that logic by that logic the BuzzFeed
logic our Deen is in the KKK am I wrong
Howard Dean is criticizing the KKK I
criticize men's rights groups so if
criticizing them means you are one of
them
well then Howard Dean is in the KKK okay
I realize that's cheap and and dumb but
I had to say it anyway so here's what to
watch for watch see if you see the left
attacking me in a way that you haven't
seen lately you've seen it before but
you haven't seen it lately yeah there's
been sort of a lull on the attacks on me
because I've been so damn right so often
and but now Kanye just made me dangerous
and once you're dangerous wait'll you
see the stories that people concoct
about me so I wanted to tell you in
advance because if I tell you after it
happens then it's gonna look like a
response to it so I want to tell you in
advance there's gonna be a lotta
just totally made up about me my my
advice is that half of what you read
about me it tends to be correct and
about half tends to be out of context or
just flat-out incorrect like the men's
right side there the the worst criticism
I saw about me is that somebody found a
ten year old blog post in which I which
I predicted I don't even remember the
details but I think I predicted their
Romney would win so it was a bad
prediction but it was sort of a protest
prediction I forget the reason but I had
to do with something specific it was
about one issue I forget what I want
but I wasn't really involved with
politics it was a one-off blot blogpost
ten years ago so my video and the one
that the one that Kanye retweeted was
about this point don't be a captive of
the past don't let history be your
prison so how did they attack me watch
the attacks on me all of the attacks are
going to be based on something that
happened a while ago if you ask me today
what's my opinion of Romney I would say
I'm glad he's not president so watch how
often the people who don't like it when
either Kanye or Candace or I say the
same thing don't be trapped in your
prison of the past watch how often they
go to the past to make their argument
it's gonna be weird and fun somebody on
Twitter just pointed out that I had set
up I'd framed this to be a perfect trap
because in order to mock the idea that
you don't want to be in a mental prison
the only way you can mock it is to put
yourself in the mental prison so you're
gonna watch all of my critics and
Candice's and Kanye's at least critics
on this topic putting themselves in the
mental prison that we just created for
them so let's just say some of us got
out of prison but there are a lot of
other people who are driving as fast as
I can toward that prison and the funny
thing is that the reason I did this
periscope is that it occurred to me that
there are probably people all over the
country if not the world you know
writers and journalists and publications
who are all searching through my old
blog posts and looking for the
controversies that they'll always get
wrong because if you do a quick search
on anything that I've been criticized
about in the past you're almost
certainly going to see somebody's Mis
interpretation as an article and then
people will quote the misinterpretation
like they'd really done some research so
I had this this image that because of
Kanye's nine tweets about my video that
all over the world people are like we're
gonna get this guy we've must stop him
he's he's saying something that people
like we can't we can't abide by that and
and so they're doing opposition research
you get to see some good stuff I I don't
know if you're gonna see stuff that even
I don't know about or hasn't ever come
out before but you might see like
totally new things about me that that
probably not true
some of them might be by the way here's
my advice to you if you're trying to
sort out what ridiculous stories you
hear about me are true and which ones
are false I would ask you to do it this
way I just believe they're all true just
believe they're all true sorry I got
kicked off there for a moment so rather
than try to figure out how is this
terrible story about Scott true or false
just assume it's true it's more fun it's
way better so especially if they're
really bad just assume it's true all
right
I'm on the right side of history I sure
hope so
I'd hate to be on the wrong side of
history that would be terrible and I
heard of Candace before this I had but I
hadn't really I hadn't taken note I just
seen her name come up a number of times
but I hadn't really looked into it am I
going to advise Kanye's 20 24 well who
knows if Kanye's really gonna run for
office who knows if he would do it in 20
24 but my advice is always free I I do
it publicly so I doubt there's anything
there's a I doubt there's much I would
tell them privately that I wouldn't say
publicly I hear a request to hear
another video of my brother laughing
maybe that would be fun
all right well I didn't really have much
to say today I just wanted to share this
moment because um you know it was you
know credit where it's due mic Serna
vich was the first one to say a few
weeks ago that there's it felt like
there's something happening in just just
the universe yeah there was something
that's clearly about to change and
probably in a good way
well I don't know if he said it in a
good way but I think that was implied
I've been calling it the Golden Age and
I think this is the sort of thinking
that can get us there because if you
think about it most of our problems now
are prisons of the past North Korea it's
not a current problem it's a prison of
the past problem Russia same problem
Iran same problem we're all victims of
the past israel-palestinian same problem
the victims of the past and when you
have enough people saying hey the past
doesn't exist and if it did you could
still ignore it because what matters is
what you're doing today so and the other
young conservatives to follow maybe I'll
come up with a list I don't have a list
right now but I'll do that all right
what about the Elon Musk memo yeah it
just feels like the universe is tapping
me on the shoulder no that was me I
guess I had an itch I thought it was a
universe but that was me
yeah so if you didn't see that Elon Musk
sent out an all employee memo with five
points about how to have better meetings
and one of them was don't make a policy
that you could imagine appearing in a
Dilbert comic strip so one of the one of
the ways that Dilbert has been
persuasive is exactly that
you know when Dilbert first hit its
stride and people had heard of it and
seen it
I got a lot of mail from people who said
I was going to introduce this policy in
the company but I realized that if it
was in if if I saw this in a Dilbert
comic I would laugh at it so I canceled
the policy right a lot of that happened
so you know so you're seeing Elon Musk
using that phenomenon as if your if your
policy looks mockable you know maybe you
put a little more thought into it it's
it's a good a good idea by the way
I often am asked you know are there any
other master persuaders in the world and
I always get back to the the so-called
PayPal mafia do you remember that PayPal
the original founders were Peter Thiel
Reid Hoffman Elon Musk and few other a
few other guys and I always thought to
myself the hardest thing that PayPal had
to do was to persuade people to trust an
unknown startup with their money imagine
how hard that was
imagine persuading people to put their
actual money into an app for the first
time before that was common you know if
you were to do this today everybody does
this it's no big deal but imagine being
you know among I think they were among
the first or the first to actually get
people to believe and trust them with
their money that you're just sending
into the ethernet they were sending into
the ether I should say
so the the PayPal mafia are some
seriously persuasive people they gave
you Elon Musk they gave you Peter Thiel
and they gave you Reed Hoffman and if
you don't know enough about Reed Hoffman
you should do some reading about him
because those three guys are the real
deal hey you know I'm pretty sure that
those three would have been successful
whatever they were doing because they
have extra skills persuasion wise that
are hard to ignore alright that's enough
for now I got some work to do I'll talk
to you all later it's great to spend
some extra time with you bye