pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom here we
are it's the beginning of another great
day a sunny summer day that's the best
day for you know what coffee with Scott
Adams coming to you in the big mug is
this mug as large as my head well
according to this perspective it is do
you know when they used to say that
pictures don't lie
no pictures lie pictures lie like a mofo
but they don't lie about this that it's
time for the simultaneous sip join me
oh that's good simultaneous sipping some
of the best so let's talk about a number
of things that are on my Twitter feed
today I'm gonna read you a quote from
Norm Macdonald you know Morton or
McDonald he's I believe he's leading
conservatives at the moment comedian and
he says this and his Twitter feed the
idiot sees the world as good versus evil
the cynic sees the world as evil reverse
evil the truth that no one seems to be
able to see is that the world is and
always has been a battle of good versus
good Wow
this is actually really profound yeah
you have to sort of spend some time
looking at it and thinking about it this
is the situation we find ourselves in
there are not two sides in which one is
good and one is evil there are two sides
in which one feels that it is good and
it believes incorrectly that the other
one is evil but both sides are pretty
sure that their version of the world is
the good one there there it's a
competition competition between two
goods for priority I guess so I love
that I like starting with that because
it's kind of optimistic next story is I
saw I tweeted a story from CNN now of
course I know what you gonna say a fake
news and you're going to wonder if the
facts of this story are true what I
think that they are the reason I think
that they are true is because they agree
with my preconceived notions so when I
first heard the story about families
being separated at the border part of
that story was oh but they have
telephones you know they have they have
the right to call their parents twice a
day and I said to myself
I don't think that's true it might be
true that they have telephones and it
might be true this some of them can
connect with a parent and a child while
in detention but I was very skeptical
that most of the time a parent and the
child could connect even even once a day
to me that seemed highly unlikely
even if physically there are phones in
all the places and so as I had suggested
early on in this debacle that although
it's not a solution to the problem it
would certainly make people a lot more
comfortable if they could have a some
kind of a video connection with their
kid no matter how briefly at least once
a day just to make sure that they know
what the kids environment is make sure
the kid is alive and hasn't hasn't gone
anywhere strange and so there certainly
is a technological you know maybe a
band-aid that could help a little bit
but I'm gonna I'm going to call myself
successful in predicting that our
government exaggerated the ability for
these families to talk to each other in
detention now I know what you're gonna
say nobody asks them to break the law
nobody asks them to come into this
country illegally and that's true my
complaint is that our government lied to
us
essentially by suggesting that these
people were could make contact with each
other and I don't think that it was ever
the case so not that we have an
obligation to make things super
comfortable for people who are you know
breaking the laws of the United States
but this might be something we're
putting a little money toward that cause
would just make everybody feel like
there are better people or as I like to
say it quoting Norm Macdonald
sometimes it's a competition of good
versus good and maybe maybe everybody's
on the side of these parents and kids
being able to at least communicate so I
think that should be part of any
long-term solution it's hard to do
anything in the short term but now you
may have seen a story that I tweeted
around yesterday from the New York Daily
News yes I know what you're gonna say it
might be fake news because they came
from the New York Daily News but it was
a viral video of some older woman with
gray hair and a green top in which she's
getting in the face of someone who
appears to be a Mexican national working
in this country don't know is legal or
illegal status it wasn't relevant to the
story but the woman is giving him the
finger to his face and saying how bad he
is because he's Mexican and she hates
him etc now I tweeted around with with
my tweet just said don't be this lady in
other words she was a bad example of a
human being you know forget about being
a bad example of a trump supporter she
was a bad example of a human being the
person whose face she was getting into
the presumed you know Mexican national
who may or may not also be an American
citizen who knows but you know that part
wasn't stated in the story but that guy
I like because the way he handled this
situation was extraordinarily graceful
now of course he also didn't want to get
you know in trouble so you know their
self-interest involved but the amount of
restraint that this guy showed was
impressive now when I tweeted this
around here's the good part of the story
I think perhaps a majority of people who
responded to the tweet probably more
than half said they believe the story
was fake and that it was staged and
people are starting to ask where is the
name of
person who allegedly did this on this
alleged real video well I know we know
that person's name it's a good question
because typically with these stories you
find out who it was pretty quickly I'm
not willing to believe this is a fake I
also don't rule it out I would say
there's no way to know my reading of it
she looked real but crazy now here's the
positive you know I always like to look
at the positive let me give you the
positive
I got a Nazi on here all right get rid
of Nazi goodbye here's the part that I
think is good news it's good news in
this bad situation the good news is that
nobody I saw who responded to this who
was a trump supporter believed that this
person could even be real yeah there may
be a few but by far the blood the vast
majority of people who saw it said to
themselves what I said to myself I've
never met a person like that I don't
know anybody who's a trump supporter who
would support that woman or even her
views if they were just even silent in
her head I've never seen that now if you
were if you were on the anti-trump side
and you saw that video wasn't the first
thing you imagine they thought I don't
want to be a mind reader
but speculating here I imagine the first
thing that people thought when they saw
that video if they were anti Trump errs
they probably said ah that's what they
all think that's a good example of a
widespread opinion I imagine him living
in that movie that that you would
imagine that Trump supporters would you
know support her I'm getting to the best
part are you ready for the best part I I
tweeted this picture of a hater or
racist doing a racist thing
to a human being who look like kind of
an awesome guy and what did all Trump
supporters who read it say what did a
hundred percent of the people in my
Twitter feed say when they saw this they
rejected it
they they they strongly rejected the
woman in the video and other words wait
for it wait for it the best parts coming
right next here it is
Republicans policed their own right so
this this example of bad behavior was
surfaced might be real might be fake but
it actually doesn't matter for my point
a hundred percent of Trump supporters it
my Twitter feed anyway publicly rejected
her she was essentially kicked out of
the club do you see that happening with
other groups sometimes but not enough
right
this was immediate unambiguous rejection
you're not in the club anymore whatever
club were in you're not in that Club get
out of here you know get off yeah you're
voted off the island exactly do you
don't see that with a lot of different
groups so if you're if you're on the you
know the anti Trump side look at this
don't look at just the video of the
woman who's a racist you should look at
that also but look at the reaction from
Trump supporters Republicans
conservatives 100 percent rejection
publicly and immediately complete
rejection is that why you expected anti
Trump errs there's no there are always a
few anti Trump errs on my feet is that
why you expect it
did you expect that a hundred percent of
Trump supporters would side against the
American citizen presumably in favor of
a guy who may or may not be here legally
but is a nice guy and not the racist in
this story he didn't expect that did you
I expect it do you know why I retweeted
this this is why because I expected this
I expected
Republicans would kick her off the
island and they did all right so that's
me with all kinds of good news today and
let's go to the next story
uh-huh so Tom Steyer you all know Tom
Steyer he was running those ads on CNN
for a long time about let's impeach the
president have you seen any of those Tom
Styer advertisements on CNN lately
saying we should impeach the president
he used to be a lot of them right almost
every time he turned on the TV there was
Tom Steyer impeached the president did
those advertisements kind of just
quietly go away and was it about the
time that the economy was hitting its
peak and North Korea was North Korea was
starting to play friendly it got a
little bit dumb but apparently he's
saying it on at least in speeches and he
actually said recently that that if
Democrats the only way Democrat
Democrats can do well in the midterm is
that they should you know the candidates
should promise to impeach Trump now what
would happen in a country where you've
got a legally elected president who the
deep state or at least FBI agents in
particular had clearly tried to depose
and the economy
screaming jobs are great and all the big
metrics are doing well imagine if that
president gets impeached yeah so it's
it's it's ugly right that's ugly
now imagine if this president stays and
stays in for another several years what
will you get well you get you know
capable judges that may or may not agree
with you your your preferences you
probably get a strong economy you
probably get safety from Isis and
terrorists you probably get safer with
North Korea you might get some better
trade deals after some friction we're in
the friction stage right now but that's
what negotiations are negotiations are
friction or in that stage so I would
suggest that and by the way you saw that
Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer
immediately distanced themselves from
not only Maxine Waters but from the idea
of making impeachment your top priority
so even the leaders of the Democrat
Party distance themselves from both
impeachment and the Maxine Waters idea
of harassing Trump supporters in public
I think because they understand Pelosi
and Schumer because they're you know
whether you love them or hate them the
one thing we'll all agree is they really
know their politics right they've done
this for a while and they can see that
these are losing propositions but it's
worse than that if you're if your goal
is impeachment it's not just removing a
leader in this particular case if you
are if you're removing an incompetent
leader or somebody who really needed to
get removed I think you could get most
of the country on board but if you're
removing a leader who's doing exactly
what the people who voted for him wanted
to do you are wait for it wait for it
you're voting to destabilize the
government to destabilize the government
now is that a risk that you would ever
take when things are going well now if
things were going poorly and you know
everything was just going to hell well
you take a little more chance then when
do you take risks let me ask you so the
the people who the people who follow
this periscope I think it's fair to say
you can fact check me on this but it's
fair to say that you're all unusually
smart and inexplicably sexy I think that
passes the fact check so those of you
who are unusually smart and inexplicably
inexplicably sexy which doesn't really
matter in this case answer this question
for me that apparently most of the
country will get wrong but I trust you
because you're unusually smart
inexplicably sexy to get this right when
is a good time to take a risk is a good
time to take a risk that you'll break
the system like permanently break it
when things are going well is that when
you break it or do you introduce risk
when everything's going to hell anyway
and that's the time that you need to
introduce some risk because you know
otherwise you're doomed anyway now the
trade wars are the kind of risk that
it's very unlikely is going to unwind
the country so that's exactly the right
kind of risk at the right time because
you're going to see oh the stock market
goes down three or four hundred points
until we get a deal but since all the
countries have
you know a top incentive really sort of
a number-one incentive right after
security is the economy all the players
involved in the trade negotiations who
want a good outcome it might be you know
ten or twenty percent better or worse
than I wanted but they're all gonna
eventually settle for something so
that's a reasonable time to take a risk
our economy is high you can take a
little little friction because there's
no calamitous calamitous risk really
with trade negotiation but if you're
looking to remove a legally elected
president who is performing
extraordinarily well for the people who
who elected him I realize that's a
difference of opinion but the people who
elected him are very happy at one of the
most popular presidents within his base
of all time at the moment right now that
wasn't true in the beginning but at the
moment he's one of the most popular
presidents within his own party of all
time right if you remove that president
with impeachment on BS reasons after
we've already learned that the FBI was
trying to do it in devious ways that's
destabilizing that's destabilizing in a
serious way and do you take that kind of
risk when things are going well with the
economy and blah blah blah it's just a
bad it's just a bad risk management
thing to do
all right so if Republican I'm sorry if
Democrats want to make impeachment their
rallying cry you need to get to the
polls you really need to get to the
polls because that would destabilize the
entire country in a way that very few
things would now here's another thing
that we keep saying we're people
starting to talk about that the the
vitriol is reaching such a high level
that it's going to turn into more
physical violence and what happens if
civil war breaks out one of the things
you may have noticed is that Republicans
although you know they like to talk
about toughness etc Republicans have
been very disinclined to act physically
aggressive you know outside of like
weird situations like a rally where
everybody gets worked out but that's
mostly just talk but in the real world
Republicans are very reserved and let me
tell you why because in a revolution
it's all we gonna go one way so I think
that I think that the people who own the
guns Republicans are very controlled
about this and are not even a little bit
thinking about I got to get my gun out
of the gun safe I don't think anybody's
thinking that because they know there's
not really going to be a physical Civil
War so let me give you a prediction that
I feel more confident about than
anything I've ever said there will not
be a physical civil war in this country
because the side that doesn't want that
also has all the guns so you know
they're not going to be shooting unarmed
people with you know wearing a pink hats
it's just not going to happen and you
know I guess you could argue that the
good news is they're such a power
imbalance if the left and the right were
somehow about equally armed that might
be dangerous but they're not they're so
unequally armed that the people with the
weapons are not even going to bother to
use them because there's nothing to
fight against there's no real risk you
know you if the shots are fired you know
just let the police handle it
you know just step away if you're a
Republican with a gun run away from the
gunshots if the if the you know if the
stuff goes down let the police handle it
so I don't think that's a big risk
one of the fascinating things about what
we're seeing with the the unpleasantness
that citizens are hurling at each other
at the moment is I'm seeing and if this
is just mind-boggling to me I'm seeing
on CNN and Don Lemon show for example
that there's a suggestion that the
reason that the left is acting so
aggressively will say unkind is that
they're getting it from the president
and that he's setting the tone and that
that tone is influencing them to be bad
people now does it make sense to you
that the people who dislike the
president the most have decided to
imitate you on the very thing that they
hate the most what is the one thing they
hate the most about the president it's
sort of his vibe the way he acts the way
he's divisive you know the the fact that
he'll attack people is rhetoric right
those are all of the bullying those are
all the things they hate the most right
so what are they decided to copy they've
decided to copy the only part they don't
like and they're blaming him for that
decision it seems to me they're copying
the only thing they don't like is not a
winning proposition and by the way
they're not doing it right because if
you watch the way the president you know
uses his attitude and attacking ways he
attacks other countries you know in
impolite ways usually but he tax other
countries sometimes you have to send a
Tomahawk missile but so he's attacking
other countries and he's attacking his
critics people were specifically
attacking him what is the left doing
they're attacking other citizens
they're attacking people who are just
trying to feed their family and have a
different opinion you know there is no
correlation between those two things
right if they were actually being
influenced by the president they would
be angry at other countries for whatever
the other countries are doing you know
whether it's immigration or trade or
anything else if they were imitating the
president they would be going after
their critics who would attack them
first and other countries when when it's
in the US interest to you know push back
so if the left is bad at knowing you had
a copy Trump I'm not sure that's his
problem so but change your subjects
again I get in continuous debates about
the value of analogies and somebody
forwarded a bit from a book that I wish
I knew where it came from but it's a
great it's a great backing up of my
point that analogies we think analogies
are a form of thinking but they're kind
of the opposite
an analogy is just something that
reminded you of another situation it
doesn't inform you about anything it
doesn't tell you what to do next it
doesn't do anything we just imagined it
does oh I'm gonna talk about space force
in a minute so remind me if I forget
space force all right so let me read
this description of an analogy from some
book I wish I knew what it was from an
analogy is a comparison between two
essentially unlike things for the
purpose of definition or illustration in
arguing by analogy our writer draws a
likeness between things on the basis of
a single shared feature and that extends
the likeness to other features but
analogy can only illustrate a point
that's what I say analogies are good for
illustrating a point never prove it they
illustrate points that's what I say they
never proved it
that's the other thing I say
it can trick one into assuming trick one
into assuming that because things are
similar in one respect
they must be alike in other respects and
then it gives an example of a false
analogy you don't need the example but I
wanted you to know I'm not the one
person in the world who believes that
analogies are not useful in arguments an
analogy is nothing more than something
that reminded you of something else yeah
I wish I could tell you what it was I
was reading but it came without a source
it was just a Twitter thing let's talk
about a space force so one of the things
that I especially like about this
president is that if somebody leaves
free money on the table and he sees it
and he says is this free money does
anybody want the free money okay all
right I'll take it I'll take the free
money so if there's something that's
available for free he takes it let me
tell you how this fits spaceforce
true or not true any of our last
presidents could have created a space
force because really what a space force
is in you know at the moment and even
for the past ten years the space force
was us planning to have a space force so
really it's not you know it's not going
to be funded like you know the other
existing forces it will be funded as a
research thing to figure out how we can
get there a test thing and you know
might take 50 years to get there so our
last president had the option of being
here's the good part of being the
president who started the space force
some President was going to be the one
who will be known through history as the
one who started spaceforce
Trump looked at the table and saw that
free money sitting there and said hey if
I don't start a space force the next
president will start a space force
because there's going to be a space
force we don't know when but there's
gonna be one so he just said well I'll
just be that president that's mine now
let's call it a space force and for the
rest of his history which could be
thousands of years the history books
will say President Trump who started
space force back in 2018 so that's the
part that's funny this was here for all
the other presidents that they could
have started a space force you know it
doesn't there wasn't anything magic
about 2018 you could have done it for
the last 10 years but they didn't it was
free money he saw it they didn't I
always like that's just one of the
things I like about him you know it's
there - it's there for to take him so he
just took it
now I also love the fact that if you're
talking about the military generally
people on the Left or Betty
anti-military anyway or at least not as
pro military and people in let's say
Silicon Valley and other technical jobs
they tend to lean left I believe you
could fact-check beyond that but they
seem to lean left what is the one thing
that people in tech jobs like more than
just about anything else well maybe
after sex and LSD I suppose micro dosing
but one of the things they like best is
science fiction yeah Star Trek Star Wars
if you ask me that list my 10 favorite
television shows I believe six of them
would involve something that looks like
a space force I love my space forces
when they're on TVs and movies and stuff
and so you have this whole segment of
society
that the technology-related people who
probably have an affinity more for you
know high-tech sci-fi stuff and and so
Trump just fills in that block it was
like that right I'll be the guy who
started space force if you like the
Federation you're gonna love me yeah
the expanse is my favorite TV show at
the moment um actually a second favorite
show my favorite show is the five I just
love that show i watch it as soon as
it's done I watched it on DVR but the
expanse would be number two anyway
so I think it was clever of Trump to
take that position is there anything
else I haven't Supreme Court just ruled
on travel ban all right I'll look into
that
breaking Kanye got help from Tony
Robbins my god all the news is breaking
while I'm on here too yeah let me tell
you why I like the show called the five
the thing that they do right on the five
is the combination of the five different
personalities so when you're watching
that show you're not just catching up
with the news which it does very well
you know the top stories but you're
you're you're enjoying the competing
personalities and they've done a really
good job of making sure that those five
people are completely different people
like there's nobody on the five who's
like anybody else on the five you know
except in some cases some opinions but
personality-wise are completely
different now you think that's not a big
deal you think that's not a big deal
look at CNN imagine Jake Tapper okay now
can you imagine that every everyone else
who appears on CNN is
version of Jake Tapper there's bearded
Jake Tapper there's female Jake Tapper
there's black Jake Tapper you know
there's there's gay Jack Jake Tapper but
they're all Jake Tapper right so you can
watch CNN all day long and it's
different people at you know different
genders different ethnicities different
sexual orientations that part's great
but they're all kind of still Jake
Tapper aren't they you go to watch the
five and they're just completely
different people which just makes it
more interesting all right so that's
best show on TV in my opinion and by the
way I like I like Jake Tapper a lot as a
as a person is is great you can disagree
with his positions on politics bump up
own travel ban well okay you're gonna
make me look at the travel ban we'll do
this in real time all right let's see
what we got going here where would i
look CNN let's go to CNN first don't see
anything on a travel ban oh there it is
Supreme Court upholds Trump travel ban
okay so I guess that's the whole story
right the headline is the story Supreme
Court upheld it I guess that's the whole
story on that look how the justices
voted though how did the justices vote
5-4 along partisan lines I'm not sure
what I was supposed to get out of that
what is stormy doing yeah did stormy
just disappear as a topic do you know
why stormy disappeared as a topic can it
can anybody tell me why did stormy
disappear I'll tell you why but I want
to see if you know why did stormy
Daniels disappear as a topic nobody
knows
no storm he disappeared as a topic
because the audience got bored with it
it was just all the same story so for
ratings reasons she became not the story
the story didn't change it just became
unimportant because the public was like
ah right we we've heard this can you
give us fewer stories about lawyers and
porn stars yeah the the border story was
just more red meat from the for the the
anti-trump er so it it did take away all
that all of the attention anything to
say about the New York Times crisis of
democracy well so the crisis of
democracy thing is without reading it
I'm sure it has to do with Trump being
you're hearing a lot the critic saying
that Trump is acting like an
authoritarian president is that the word
they're using authoritarian and when I
look at that the the reality of that I
say okay you if you see this
authoritarian president which of these
things are consistent with that he obeys
the courts is that authoritarian he
listens to public opinions such as
children being separated from their pair
and immediately responds to public
opinion from his critics from his
critics now in this case Republicans
also were were appalled by people being
separated and wanted it to stop if it
could maybe just the difference in how
long that would take or or how
aggressively we should do it but
everybody was on the same side of that
anyway
then there's Trump cutting government
regulations and not wanting the
president have as much you know power on
that stuff
somebody says he wants to be an
authoritarian but can't because of the
existing bureaucracy well I would say
that's true so somebody said that
President Trump wants to be an
authoritarian but can't because of you
know the bureaucracy and various checks
and balances do you know who else would
like to be an authoritarian leader but
there are too many obstacles
you know else
you and you and you and you and you and
you and you and you yeah everybody would
be an authoritarian leader of the
universe if there were no obstacles now
some people might say I don't think I
want that kind of responsibility I'd
rather just be a subject in this Empire
but a lot of people including me and
most of the people watching this
periscope would say well if there were
no obstacles to it I think I'd like to
be an authoritarian leader yeah so I'm
not sure that that means anything to say
that in his in his inner thoughts he
would like to be an authoritarian leader
yeah so would everybody we had all love
to be an authoritarian leader let's stop
pretending he's the one it's like oh I
found the one guy who would be Emperor
of the universe if there were no
obstacles to it but he doesn't live in
that world you don't live in that world
and is just nothing I'm gonna worry
about now the other thing that the
anti-trump errs get wrong and to me this
is the wrongest thing that they get
maybe I don't know it's a lot of
competition for what what's wrong
but the thought that Republicans would
support an authoritarian president is
laughably wrong so wrong then it might
be the longest thing they've ever
thought because the entire vibe of the
right is the Constitution and the rule
of law so if we had a leader who started
violating the Constitution or the rule
of law do you know what the right would
say to the left you know the left would
be we've got to do something revolution
our president has become an
authoritarian leader if anything like
that actually happened the people with
all the guns the people on the right the
the Trump supporters would say in unison
to the people on the Left who don't have
guns you know what they would say
hold my Budweiser yeah just hold my
Budweiser we got this because there's
you know half of the country is armed to
the teeth and will die to to protect the
Constitution they're the people who are
protecting you from an authoritarian
leader it's not the people in the pink
hats if the pink hats people just need
to stay out of the way it's like please
just stay out of the way we got this you
know I mean it would take about five
minutes for the the right to take back
the country you know honestly it would
happened in an afternoon I think because
you know the military wouldn't support
it the military would just walk away
[Laughter]
do you have an ache a no comment
one of the things I would never do is
given is given inventory of my armory on
a public forum wouldn't that be the
worst idea in the world
let me tell the public all of the
firearms that I own and are hidden in my
house in various protective places yeah
I don't think that would be a good idea
what let's just let's just say I support
the Second Amendment we'll leave it at
that just leave it at that all right I
think we've covered everything now
what's my gate code that's funny all
right that's enough for today go have a
good day