pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom button hey everybody come on in
here
does cuz why I'll tell you why because
it's time for a coffee with Scott Adams
and the unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous app all you need is a
classroom or a cup some kind of a
chalice or a Stein or a thermos or a
flask fill it with your favorite liquid
I like coffee and join me now for the
simultaneous Impa oh yeah that's some
good stuff right there alright well so
the news is still kind of slow but
there's some fun things happening and in
no particular order you may remember a
character from the 2016 campaign that I
called the mole
now the mole was sort of a hypothetical
person that I imagined was working on
the Hillary's social media campaign
because her social media game was so bad
it looked like it had to be a trump
supporter who was pretending to give her
advice because the advice was so bad
that it just had to be like a secret
agent a mole planted in the campaign and
today I saw that beta or orc as it has
announced a plan to fight climate change
where the price tag of 5 trillion
dollars um now when I see a candidate
running for president coming up with a
plan that's gonna cost you 5 trillion
dollars and that's just for one thing
yeah that's that's just one policy I've
got to ask myself is he really running
for president or is he is he he's not
even running for vice president with
that kind of a plan
so anyway it looks like the mole has a
new job working for a bet oh coming up
with ridiculous plans in bed oh how
about universal health care it's only
gonna cost you fifty trillion dollars
sounds good I'm gonna go with that
health care doesn't cost fifty trillion
dollars but it's funny all right so the
dumbest senator in the world
senator Wyden now I say he's the dumbest
senator in the world without actually
having surveyed all of the senators but
of the senators who appear on television
I always have the same impression you
know you you judge all the Senators that
you see on TV all the politicians and
you say oh that one no it's pretty smart
even if I don't agree with their
opinions you can tell they're smart
Nancy Pelosi for example I don't agree
with her opinions but there's no
question she's very smart Elizabeth
Warren don't agree with her opinions but
there's no doubt she's really smart
Kamala Harris don't agree with her
very smart cory booker brilliant guy you
know he's probably got the highest
academic credentials or you look at
what's his name mayor Pete brilliant guy
then there's senator Wyden every time he
might even pronouncing his name right
every time he comes on television I just
think am I looking at the dumbest guy
I've ever seen in politics now I'm not
saying his IQ is low because I don't
know that yeah Ron Wyden but every time
he's on TV
suppose it's a WYD en every time he's on
TV and he's talking independent of
whether I agree with his opinions
I just listen to him and I think are you
the dumbest guy in the entire Congress
no sois well somebody says how about SWA
well swell is a diff
the situation because I don't believe he
believes everything he say you know he's
in a political contest and the truth is
is not really an effective tool so I
don't think you can say this wall woes
Dom you can say you don't like his ideas
and by the way he's the swallow is my
representative in my area had met him
several times and I don't get any
impression he's down but don't agree
with a lot of things he says all right
so Ron Wyden senator because even today
he's tweeting about the Charlottesville
find people hoax like it's real as if it
hasn't already been debunked as
thoroughly as thoroughly as it could be
now the version that he says is real is
this is his tweet after Charlottesville
Trump called those neo-nazis and white
nationalists shouting anti-semitic slurs
quote very fine people now that has been
debunked by CNN Jake Tapper it's been
debunked by Wikipedia
PolitiFact the fact checkers Washington
Post Vox USA today at least one editor
for The Wall Street Journal now
I tweeted a separate tweet in which I
actually was this week it's write
retweeted Ron widens incorrect fake news
but he's the dumbest senator in the
world because he's the only person who
missed all of the headlines o Snopes
Snopes just doesn't talk about it
somebody's asking me about Snopes they
just don't mention it
as you were you could imagine that they
would and I think I told you I forget if
I told you yesterday that Jimmy Wales
founder of Wikipedia he retweeted a
Breitbart
Breitbart article Joel Pollock's article
in the context of showing it was article
about how CNN's Jake Tapper described
the fine people
quote accurately and it it conflicted
with a lot of pretty much all of the CNN
reporting up to that point so it was a
Breitbart article Joel Pollock and it
was talking about a CNN event
so his Breitbart article talking about
CNN Jimmy Wales of Wikipedia retweets it
because as many of you know so the
several of us and some of you watching
probably right now were involved in
trying to get Wikipedia to correct the
record so that it would have the second
part of the president's quote in which
he said that he condemned totally the
white supremacists are the neo-nazis and
white Nationals so wikipedia was the
first let's say media major media site I
don't know if you'd call them a media
site but there was the first there were
not obviously a right-leaning site the
first one was to actually recognize that
this was fake news and to add the and to
add the full context now they don't call
it fake news they just add the context
so you can tell yourself that it's a
fake news as you can see and some people
got out of it got on Jimmy Wales for set
for retweeting Breitbart because that's
a right-leaning site and I quickly noted
that it was a right leaving site
agreeing with a left-leaning site which
was the whole point this is one of those
few cases where the left-leaning site
and the right leading site were on the
same page at least about the truth of
this hoax which was that it wasn't true
and Wikipedia was on that same page so
it made perfect sense it was actually
the perfect thing for a Wikipedia
representative to retweet because it
showed that both the left and right are
now agreeing with where Wikipedia got
first not not first before the site's on
the right but first before the site's
doesn't left anyway so I'm using a
president Trump persuasion techniques
and I don't know if anybody caught this
but in my tweet I said the world's
dumbest senator talking about Ron Wyden
doesn't notice that all the major press
outlets debunk to find people hoax this
week do you recognize the the persuasion
technique I'll read it again find the
persuasion technique that's in this so
my tweet says world's dumbest senator
doesn't notice that all the major press
outlets debunked the find people hoax
this week how many of you can tell not
the name-calling that's not the active
part thinking past the sale right yeah
it's the all because what this is that
the tweet is designed to make people who
are inclined to disagree with it to make
them argue about whether all is accurate
if I can make them argue about whether
literally every single major media site
debunk it and in the process they will
convince themselves that many of them
did the New York Times printed an
article article an interview with a fine
person but that was back in 2016 but
it's resurfacing and they're gonna find
out okay it is true that Jake Tapper's
quoted the entire you know the active
part of the transcript that's true
sure there's a Washington Post it is
true that marks dead and so they're
gonna go down and convince themselves
that maybe I'm incorrect that every
major media outlet did it but most of
the big ones took or took a swing at it
you know there's at least one opinion
person one editor one representative one
one contributor from most of the major
outlets now at least you know one voice
that has been printed or published or
was on air they said clearly that the
president said I'm not talking about
that group I condemn them totally so
what he said
do I would I trust Jake Tapper to draw
Dilbert again for those of you don't
know the background Jake actually drew a
week of Dilbert a few years ago for
charity and we give gave some money to a
wounded or your charity
now let me be very clear I like Jake
Tapper like as the person I think he's a
great guy super talented across all
kinds of different fields you know he's
written fiction
he knows history he's great on the air
you know so talent wise tremendous and
personality just as a person so I think
he has all the right instincts and he he
said the correct the correct
interpretation of the Charlottesville
hoax so you could disagree with him as
much as you want I have lots of points
in which I might but he did get this
right he did say it on the air
yeah contradicting pretty much all of
CNN who says it the other way and he's
tremendously talented and I think that
he's actually interested in the truth so
I don't have anything bad to say about
Jake even when we disagree on content
all right what else was I going to talk
about today so to to to I'm looking at
my own notes so I can tell what I was
gonna talk about today why why is my
phone so right this user interface is so
bad it's not working looking for
anything yeah let's talk about all the
all the racist comments so thank you for
reminding me when I write I write the
title of these periscopes
and then as soon as the periscope starts
I can't see the title anymore so it's
anyway so orange to talk about you
remember the the trick that allegedly
the FBI used allegedly to get those FISA
warrants about Russia collusion now the
story goes and I'm not so sure you can
trust
the reporting on this topic no matter
where it comes from these days but the
story goes that one of the ways that the
FISA application to to spy on various
people associated with the Trump
campaign directly or indirectly that
part of what they did was they created
the steel dossier and then it was leaked
to the press and then I think it was a
sack off but anyway the press rose
stories from the content of the steel
dossier and then when the FISA
application was being put together the
FBI said we have two sources we've got
the steel dossier but we've also got the
story in the news but the story in the
news was put there by the FBI or put
there by whoever leaked the steel
dossier now that allowed them to pretend
that there were two sources when there
was only one source so the so remember
that trick because it's not the first
time you'll ever see that now what the
press does is they'll they'll take
something the president Trump says
that's just a normal thing with normal
language which if it were to be
understood in its its ordinary form it
wouldn't be provocative but because the
press twists and turns it and takes that
in context and edits out the parts that
are inconvenient they turn it into
racism so then what does the press
report as the proof of president Trump's
racism what the press reports is their
own mistakes and they so in other words
the press takes one thing after another
and the context I'll give you some
examples so we've already talked about
how the fine people thing was fake news
for two years because they just edit out
the part where the president says I
condemn totally the neo-nazis at the
white Nash's they just leave that out
and turn it into a completely opposite
of story they did the same thing with
we're a similar thing in terms of their
being fake
News with the birther issue the
birtherism birtherism issue they've
decided to tell the public it's a case
of obvious racism there's not another
case of obvious racism because it's the
most common political attack in
political history the most common thing
that anybody does to attack an opponent
is if it's available to them they say
you're not eligible for running to run
for office they'll say you haven't lived
in the district long enough they'll say
this is your guesthouse they'll say this
is where you get your mail but you're
not really a citizen they'll say that
you have they'll say that a Canadian Ted
was born in Canada so the president
literally used exactly the same
technique against Ted Cruz why because
it was available it was easy it's the
most common normal easy thing to do and
say I'm not sure why Kim my my
opposition I'm not even sure that they
can legally run for this office most
common thing to do now what did the
media do the media started spinning that
as if it's obvious racism when it's
obviously not because the president
didn't mention race he just mentioned
lots of questions about the birth
certificate whether he believed they
were true or not is somewhat irrelevant
because it's the most common political
accusation anybody makes if it's
available you always do it and and so
now when the some other thing comes up
such as the let's say this
comment so the share whole comment was
something that was said in the small
group which when you take it to a larger
group in other words when it leaks and
it becomes part of the press the way of
feels is completely different just
changing the context from something said
in a small group of people you're not
expecting to blab or you hope they don't
it's a bad expectation when you see it
larger it all looks worse for example
take just about every conversation that
you've had with friends about politics
imagine if
your private conversation with your
friend in which you don't believe you're
saying anything outrageous imagine if
those exact words were simply broadcast
to the world and then the world hears
them as if you said them in public
because the way you talk casually is so
different from the way that you would
talk to the public that all you need to
do is change the context and it sounds
awful that's that's a trick that the
press does because the public is not
sophisticated they cannot hear the
comment that is now a public known fact
what we said they can't mentally
translate that back to what it must have
sounded like when it was said in a small
group that's that's what the the the the
press does now the che hold the
comment was about countries that have
low socio-economic situations maybe
their education system isn't that good
everybody in the small group knew
exactly what he was talking about which
was countries that aren't doing so well
it may not be producing as many as many
potential immigrants who would you know
be a positive for the country in terms
of economics has nothing to do with race
the the the except by coincidence right
so the press turns that comment about
the socio-economic situation in the
country they turn that into well it's
obviously a racist statement and how do
they prove that the shareholder ments or
a racist statement well they go to the
FISA application and they say you know
sure it's a little bit ambiguous I can
see how you're saying it's only about
the country not about the people but the
way we know it's about the people really
is because look at this other comment
about birtherism so if you look at the
other comment you say well you know if
you saw any one of these by themselves I
can see how you might say I say
ambiguous but you have to look at all
these other examples that are also made
up all of the examples
proofs are more fake news individually
every single one of them is just made up
so the news has created this this
amazing structure in people's minds in
which they will believe anything that's
ambiguous to be a sign of definite
racism not because of the thing they're
looking at but because of all the other
hoaxes that form this structure that
people say well if all those other
things are true this other thing is
probably true too
but in fact all of them have been ceded
by the press the same way the press are
the same way the FBI seated the steel
dossier with the press so they could say
look it's in the press it's at the steel
dossier to sources to sources not for to
so anyway so that's that's the source of
the great hysteria
so speaking of mysterious I saw a tweet
by Tony Heller today famous climate
skeptic and he was talking about a book
written in the eighteen hundreds about
the about mass hysteria and his point
was that that climate change could be
better understand as a mass hysteria
than some kind of accurate science now
independent of whether that take is
spot-on
or completely off I will reserve
judgment I will agree with the central
point which is if you're looking at
climate change and you have not studied
mass hysteria
you are not qualified to have an opinion
even if you are a top scientist in the
field you're a top climate scientist and
you really really know your stuff and
you're working the field and you've
written papers and you've peer reviewed
even if you're really deeply into it
that person if they don't also know the
science of psychology about mass
hysteria they are not qualified to have
a credit
opinion on climate change because
climate change is a science question
right but it's not only the science of
chemistry it's not only the science of
physics it's not just climatology it's
not just tree rings it's not just ice
cores it's not it's not just all of
those things alone it is also the
science of psychology because it's is
how we process this stuff that gets us
to whether or not we're right or were
imagining things
so if you were a scientist who knows all
of those climate EE Sciences but for
some reason and I imagine this would be
rare but if you and if you knew nothing
about the frequency of mass hysteria s--
how they're created how easily cognitive
dissonance happens how common it is and
how and how wrong science can be even
when it's completely right if you're if
you're not up on that science the
science of the psychology science I
don't know if you qualified so I'm sure
there would be lots of people who are
qualified there would know all of them
enough about those sciences but if you
don't you're not qualified now the
things which I would call mass hysteria
czar certainly Trump derangement
syndrome is somebody said in the
comments is an obvious mass hysteria I
would say that the the embassy the the
thought that there's a sonic weapon
that's been pointed at two of our
embassies despite the fact that there
are real medical problems I think that's
clearly a mass hysteria in my opinion
now we're still waiting for the ultimate
confirmation of that but it's certainly
shaping up that that was a mass hysteria
[Music]
so the vaccine debate yeah I don't know
if the vaccine debate is a mass hysteria
it might be I'd have to think about that
a little bit I mean that's really a
question of just some people not
believing some science you know and and
accepting the anecdote or having a
different risk assessment because it's
not it's not as if fact
scenes are completely safe so the people
who say vaccines are not safe are not
completely wrong we don't really know if
vaccines have a little bit of risk which
I think everybody agrees or more than
that we don't really know so what so I'm
not sure that quite fits cleanly into
the mass hysteria because it's a
different risk assessment you know maybe
some bad thinking there there's
something else going on there
all right you can't be a vaccine expert
unless you understand the mass hysteria
I would say that's close to true
all right now the Washington Post
humorously declared the President Trump
according to the Washington Post's
database President Trump has told now
10,000 lies since since taking office I
think ten thousand lies so I wondered to
myself huh I wonder how many lies have
been told in the press about the
president so I figured well I'll just do
a google search and the ones that we
know are lies so I did a Google search
on you know within quotes find people
and Trump and I got over a million over
a million times
the press has talked about the fine
people hoax and I'm gonna guess that 95
percent of that was told wrong in other
words lies and then I did a search on
Russia collusion again in quotes with
Trump and there were over a million one
of them was over a million was one was
1.4 million and then I said to myself
I'm gonna write a funny tweet which I'll
show the Washington Post tweet that says
the president has 10,000 and then I'll
all paste him a screengrab to show that
there are over a million lies about the
president for the firing people
a million about Russian collusion and
here's what I did I said okay one of
them's a million you know there was 1.4
million
I'll add them together and I got 3.4
million and I sent off my 12 set off my
tweet now some of you might be ahead of
me here some of you a little bit better
at math and you may have just detected
that I added 1+1 and got 3 so I deleted
that tweet when I realized that I added
1 plus 1.4 I've got 3.4 not my finest
moment I'm not proud of that I'm not
proud of that at all
so I deleted it and I thought ah screw
and I'm not gonna I'm not gonna fix it
and retweet it it'll just make people
ask more questions
so you remember I've told you before
that one of my superpowers is an
inability to be embarrassed
perfect example am i embarrassed that I
added one plus one point four and got
three point four and then I did it in
public yeah not really not even a little
I'm not even a little embarrassed about
that let me switch topics from politics
to dopamine's many of you probably know
what dopamine is you know that dopamine
is that little chemical in your brain
well I guess your brain is part of
producing it your brain and your
hormones are producing that make you
feel good so basically if your dopamine
is working you're probably feeling happy
and if your dopamine is low you're
probably not feeling happy and I
realized I was reading an article about
it and I realized that I've organized my
life around dopamine and I wonder how
many of you have done the same and what
I mean by that is I've figured out all
of the things that create dopamine and
then I've styled my life to create a lot
of it and I thought I would go through
some of the things which create dopamine
so it turns out that exercise creates
dopamine
if you needed a better reason for
exercising I don't know what it would be
like what is the point of life other
than being happy while we're here maybe
there's an afterlife that'd be great but
at the very least wouldn't you like to
be happy while you're here and when
people when people talk about hey you
should exercise it seems like we don't
push the dopamine part when we say you
should exercise we say do it for your
health you know do it for your looks you
know do it for your stress and those are
good reasons those are really good
reasons but maybe we should hit the
dopamine thing a little bit more maybe
we should say you know exercise releases
dopamine that literally makes you happy
now I have noticed that connection so
strong that I can actually tell how long
I can go without exercising before I
will be hard to be with in other words I
can get I can sort of turn into angry
Scott in about two days so if I go two
days without an exercising which would
be rare because I'm pretty dedicated to
getting doing something active every day
but once in a while something comes up
and you go two days if you go two days
without exercising you can tell your
dopamine is low your dopamine is low if
you have an exercise so knowing that
should be and getting people to track
that to pay attention just pay attention
how do you feel the day you exercise
after you're done just just remember was
that uh was that a good day
or was that a bad day so it's very
important to remember so that you can
you can build up in yourself the habit
that oh this is how I get dopamine I'll
go get me some dopamine by going to the
gym so that's one way so exercise is one
and you know most of the the obvious
things there I think there's some music
for some people creates dopamine I don't
like to use music from my dopamine
because music is a form
mental pollution and by that I mean your
brain can't do too many things at the
same time so if you're if you're using
part of your brain to play music
meaning that you're repeating it you're
thinking about it you're repeating
lyrics in your head you're you're
somewhat randomly programming your brain
instead of intentionally programming it
so if you're listening to a bunch of sad
news it could make you sad if you listen
to the music that makes you feel
stressed I don't know what kind of music
will do that but the point is that the
music is is jacking your chemistry
without you necessarily anticipating or
wanting it to happen
so if you have a creative job I think
you'd have to experiment with this
because there's probably a lot of
personal difference but for me music is
a negative even though it does create
dopamine so I do like listening to music
in the sense that I can feel it making
me feel good so I'm not different from
other people in that sense when I listen
to music if it's something I like makes
me feel good and I'm sure that there's a
dopamine connection there but it also
makes me repeat music in my head until
half of my brain is not working now if
your brain can handle all that and you
can still do everything you want to do
and music makes you happy why not but
you should at least question it all
right but here's here's the here's the
part of the dopamine yet that I found
most interesting and it's the reason
that I wanted to talk about it and I
don't know if most of you understand
this but science now knows that one of
the best ways to create dopamine is by
small accomplishments think about that
so if you've organized your life into a
series of small accomplishments your
dopamine is going to be pretty good and
let me give you an example where the
first time I noticed this what I was
working my my corporate jobs and
sometimes I would get assigned the most
the most trivial stupid tasks of making
a PowerPoint presentation for something
of not much importance in the corporate
world so that be my job and I'd have to
spend two days making a PowerPoint
presentation with a bunch of slides for
whatever purpose and what I found was I
really enjoyed those days of work
meaning that I knew I had accomplished
nothing of actual value in the real
world this is the fun part
I knew my powerpoint presentation
wouldn't change anything about the
profitability of the company and I just
didn't really change anything in the
real world but it made me feel really
good I mean I I had the sensation where
you'd actually tingle and get excited
when you'd look at your slides you're
like yeah I nailed that a slide look I
got 10 good slides whoa let me let me
rearrange them yeah and I would find
doing a PowerPoint presentation while I
wasn't interacting really with the real
world it was satisfying in a way that it
should not have been and apparently the
science supports us that if you have the
feeling of these small accomplishments
hey I did a page on a PowerPoint slide
deck you'll get a little boost of
dopamine now I looked at how my life is
organized here's how my life is
organized I do at least on average I've
got to do one comic strip everyday if I
finish one comic strip I've done a good
day's work so I I have a job where I can
have a discrete finished success every
single day and I'm sure that that helps
my dopamine because I never go I've
published or had published a Dilbert
comic every day for 30 years
I think it's an 11,000 comics or
something like that
every single one of them gives me a
little dopamine hit and and that's lucky
I also have been doing these periscopes
pretty much every day for several years
every time I finish one of these
periscopes I get a little hit of
dopamine because it was a discrete
tasks that I had as my you know my
objective for that day I finished it I
don't need to go back to it it's done
and I feel that sense of accomplishment
so that's two things that give me a
dopamine here every day so and there's
also many of you have noticed if you
have jobs in which you're working on
conceptual things all day let's say
you're working in the advertising
business and you're measuring things and
you're going to meetings and you're
you're talking about what the ad would
be and you're negotiating with people
you're never really gonna feel at least
in the average day you're not gonna have
any sense that you did anything you'll
know in a conceptual way yeah I went to
work I had conversations it it feels
like it moved the ball forward it was
probably all worth doing but nothing got
completed I I didn't get any dopamine
from that and when people are in that
situation you know they'll go home on
the weekend and they'll clean their
garage and cleaning the garage feels
really really good because you needed a
discrete task that you could just finish
you know sometimes cleaning the house
sometimes just you know doing a little
task doing some errands that have been
bothering you for a while it feels good
so here's where I'm going with us I
would bet that most of you and most of
the world that you organize your lives
around just I guess your schedule you
just say all right what's on my schedule
I'll just do the things on my schedule
and I would I would suggest that maybe a
more productive effective way to look at
your life is in dopamine opportunities
and if you have a schedule but you don't
have in your schedule things that you
know will be discrete successes no
matter how minor it could be just
cleaning the house
but you need to have those in your your
daily life or you're gonna be dopamine
deprived and that's going to affect your
your happiness and your effectiveness
everywhere I'm pretty sure that it's not
an accident that my life has evolved to
have lots of dopamine producing events
yesterday I got a massage a professional
massage it's a it's purely a dopamine
event I I watched Game of Thrones last
night purely a dopamine event although
it was pretty stressful Game of Thrones
just turned into an average zombie movie
you know Game of Thrones in my opinion
one of the greatest things that's ever
been produced entertainment wise yeah I
know everybody has a different opinion
on it
but in my opinion one of the greatest
things ever produced and this season
they just sort of turned into a zombie
movie but I think they'll they'll
improve so so let me ask you this in
your life can you look at places where
you could insert some discrete discrete
dopamine opportunities it could be that
you say I go to the gym every day at
lunchtime or before work or after work
when it works so that you just build
that in it could be you say you know
this is the day I do X but whatever it
is look at look at those discrete
opportunities and get your dopamine I
thought I would put that out there for
you somebody says you don't mention
endorphins from exercise yeah when I say
dopamine I'm I'm sort of simplifying so
that's that's a good a good note there
so I don't mean that dopamine is the
only thing happening that makes you
happy but it's it's good to just talk
about that way because if you get your
dopamine right probably everything else
is fine too
all right do I use my virtual reality
headset much the answer is no in part
because you you fairly quickly run
through the content that's available
that's good so it's like everything else
if you were to look at the body of music
you know 99% of it is stuff you don't
want to listen to and but if you find
the 1% is great so you can kind of
quickly run through all of the good
content in New York just it's set up
with like a subscription so that you're
always looking at new content but there
it doesn't come very quickly at least
not good content but the other thing is
it gives you nausea so you can get noise
noise just nauseous nauseous you can
feel like you're sick in your inner ear
is off after like 10 minutes or so so
you actually have to deal with the fact
that it makes you a little bit sick now
I think that that's something that is
likely to be correctable in the future
feels like there's gonna be some kind of
fix that makes that go away you feel
nauseated okay thank you what's the best
VR headset I don't know I've only I've
only used the hi if I think and so you
have a VR headset for sale not yet but I
probably should now I'm speaking of
dopamine I'm also with Christina's help
changing out and Christina's we're
leading this effort changing all the
lighting in my house so I'm changing it
from the warm warm kind of tones that
make me feel relaxed and you know want
to take a nap I'm changing those down
for a brighter light bulbs in the the
5000 range if that means anything to use
light bulb experts so it's the whiter
light and I've been experimenting I'm
going to show you something
so I'm at my desk that you see all the
time
in my office that has windows but they
face north so there's no direct light
coming through the windows I only get
very indirect light coming from the
north but when I sit at this desk I find
it hard to stay here I kind of want to
leave this place as soon as I can
because you notice it's hard to tell
where the lighting on here but it's a
little dark where I am yeah I think it's
Lubin's 5,000 lumens is what I was
talking about so it's a little dark here
and it changes my mood now I'm going to
switch the camera so you can see the the
opposite view all right so this is the
opposite view and it's a little hard to
see see if I can lighten that up a
little bit yeah a little hard to see but
you can see that there's a high top bar
height table in front of my window now
when I sit there it's hard to tell from
this view but when I sit there I'm sort
of bathed in the indirect light from the
outdoors and just the difference of
walking across the room and being in
this natural light which is actually
much brighter than it looks like in this
so this is the worst demonstration ever
what I just showed you was actually the
bright light but it looks because the
camera artifacts it looks like it's dark
this looks like it's bright but I'm
actually in a pretty dark space right
now so this just has to do with the
contrast anyway
the point is that simply walking 12 feet
in the same room changes my energy level
substantially I mean it's really really
noticeable yeah but so noticeable that
it almost feels like you took a drug
just to walk across the room it's that
different and the different feeling that
I get in the rooms that have already
been converted to the the brighter white
light is very different you feel your
brain is working better you feel more
awake and I would not have chosen these
lights because before I thought they
felt a little industrial but here's the
mistake I was making I
always thinking of these white
industrial lights as being the
fluorescence because if you work in an
office it's almost always florescent and
the fluorescence they do keep you awake
but it's not it's not a good light
there's something about it that just
isn't amazing and so now if you have
regular lightbulbs or LEDs and whatever
that are 5,000 lumens it's a nice white
light and I find I find that it really
helps me stay awake and alert so I would
suggest that since everyone is different
that you experiment with that so here's
my suggestion for the day if you can
find a place where you can spend a
little time in bright white light and a
little time in yellow or light or even a
darker space just see how it feels see
see how see how long you could work on
something like your laptop in one versus
the other huge difference huge
difference alright that's all for now
somebody says so the 5,000 I'm using the
wrong terms so it's 5,000 K and not
lumens so it's not 5,000 lemons but just
look for the Box on your light bulbs
it'll say two thousand five thousand
whatever it is five K is frequency so
the experts are telling me that the
frequency of the light is what you want
to look at and five thousand is a good
good place for that and that's all for
now I'll talk to you later