oh hey Jake come on in here
Joanne you're early good to see ya
everybody grab your coffee I know a lot
of you are still tired because you were
you were up late last night watching
Game of Thrones if you're not a fan of
Game of Thrones you are so sick of
hearing those references or Geoff well I
know something you're not sick of this
little thing called simultaneous up and
it's coming at you pretty soon like real
soon if you've got a cup or a mug or a
glass some kind of steiner jealous or
tankard maybe a thermos or a flask fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee join me now please for the
simultaneous it oh yeah so I will
continue to watch in amazement at the
unparalleled incompetence which is our
government specifically in the
immigration area and I've decided what
it is that I want as a citizen and one
of the great things about social media
is that we citizens can say hey
government this is what I want you to do
and if other people think that's a good
idea
then the other people say yeah I like
that that's a good idea
and if enough people say it the
government probably will respond so
there is a direct path from an
individual with a good idea or even a
good question and the government but it
has to go through this filter of lots of
other people agreeing that that's a good
question or a good point
or worthy of discussion so I'm going to
toss out an idea an idea to get us past
the the log jam which is our bad
immigration system and it looks like
this if you are in a corporation and you
had a plan you would have to show that
if
spend this much money you plan to get
the following benefits so you'd say to
your boss if you give me a million
dollars
I'll cut costs by 10% and I'll have my
yeah you know production will be ready
on this date whatever it is so give me
this much money I will give you this
many results now that's not the only
option you could do Plan B which is give
me half a million I'll give you as many
results but I'll tell you what you'll
get or they do nothing if you give me
nothing this is what you'll get where
the hell is that
well why is it that you and I have have
been you know tortured with stories of
immigration it's not like we're the ones
we're having the bad time let's let's
put our empathy with the people we're
trying thinking across the border and
having you know huge problems so empathy
goes with that but you and I as citizens
we're being a little bit abused in a
political sense a smaller way but we're
being abused by our own government by
lack of competence now here I'm not
specifically calling out the Trump
administration but I do think they have
the primary responsibility Congress
can't let them do whatever they want so
it's not really entirely up to the
administration but here's what they
should be doing the Trump administration
should be giving us as the bullet point
plans to say if you give me this much
money I will give you this much cried if
you give me this much money I'll tell
you how many people are coming across
and what it will do to wages at the
bottom end if you give me this much
budget I'll tell you what the
unemployment rate is likely to be among
the people that are competing for jobs
if you give me this much I will tell you
how many children have to be separated
from their parents if you give me this
budget I'll tell you how many
people will be raped in the coming year
an estimate but that's that's what plans
are their estimates where's that well
how come the how come why is it there we
the citizens have been subjected to
non-stop talk about immigration and
nobody has shown us the frickin plan or
plans why is it that I can't pick the
amount of crime that I'm okay with and
the budget that matches it why can't I
have an opinion on that it's because
nobody's presented me that plan beg it
break it down to maybe three bullet
points you know to just show the plans
this is the Democrats do nothing planned
or maybe it's the Democrats do something
just for the do something just for the
immigrants coming in who need to be not
separated and need to be cared for so
there could be one plan that's just a
humanitarian plan that says try to keep
everybody healthy but don't try too hard
to stop the number of people coming in
so that would be sort of a what a
Democrat plan would look like heavy on
the humanitarian light on fighting the
crime let's see that plan how many rapes
do we get with that how many murders are
we likely to get with a Democrat plan
over five years
what would the Republican alternative
look like how much extra would we have
to pay for the Republican alternative
and according to the best people who can
estimate these kinds of things I'm not
sure exactly who would be but according
to them what would we get if we threw
two billion dollars at the border would
it get us from a hundred and twenty-five
thousand rapes down to 75 thousand in
it's still horrific by any by any
measure but wouldn't you choose you
choose half if you could choose so if
you believe that there's something like
difficulty making a decision in the
government there's nothing like that
happening there's no difficulty in
making a decision
because there's no decision being
considered let me say that as clearly as
possible if you think the government is
having difficulty making a decision
that's not what you're watching you're
watching no options being presented if
you just see oh give me a budget for a
wall well you're you're a citizen right
what does a wall give you don't tell me
how much wall I'm gonna get tell me how
much rape I'm gonna get tell me how
minute how many murders I'm gonna get
tell me how many people who are citizens
are not going to get a job at the lower
end because they have to compete tell me
how many big companies will say
agricultural companies tell me how
they're how they help or hurt the GDP
based on different levels of immigration
there can't be that many bullet points
so we should be able to say this budget
gets you this set of benefits this
budget gets you this set of benefits if
you're not presenting that you're not
doing anything
am I wrong is there anybody who
disagrees with my statement that if the
government has not presented to us with
budgets and what each of those budgets
would do they're not even working on the
problem whatever they're doing might
take a lot of energy they might be
paying people to do things and go to
meetings but they're certainly not doing
anything like working on the immigration
there's nothing like that happening I
don't see it coming from the
administration and I don't see it come
from the other side so let's stop
pretending that one of them has the
right idea we can't pretend that Trump
has the right idea on immigration when
you haven't seen it build a wall isn't a
freaking plan that's not a plan
dude whoever whoever woke up in the
morning and said you know what would
make my life better is I'd love to see
more construction along a desolate area
of the country on the board
yeah unlike a wall no nobody wants a
wall they want less rape they want
better economy they might want you know
a number of things like involving with
crime and economics they might want for
drugs they might want all those things
but nobody wants a wall why the hell are
they selling us a wall why is Trump
selling me a wall I don't want a wall I
don't want a wall you don't want to wall
either if you think you want a wall
what's wrong with you you don't want a
wall you want less crime less ray less
tragedies you know fewer crises on the
border better economics show us what
that looks like for the money that you
want us to spend stop jacking us around
there's no stupid plan it's just making
me mad now
all right somebody says I what a wall
well if you believe that the wall is
that is the is the end state like the
that you want a wall for no reason other
than you want a wall I would suggest
you're not a credible player in this
conversation let's talk about something
else there's one thing that I say often
and it it always applies especially in
the world of Trump that a proper
negotiation at a high level you know
when when top players are negotiating
some of the things you should expect to
say well two things you should always
expect to see you should see at least
one walk away every time you you should
expect that there will always be one
major walk away and it will look like
it's not going to work out the second
thing you should always expect is that
there will be some point where it looks
like there's no way it can work you
should always look like there's no way
you're ever going to get a deal and as
soon as everybody feels that both sides
when both sides realize that their other
option is to not have a deal and that's
going to be really really bad
once they capitulate and suddenly sort
of give in to the idea that no deal
could be made then they can make a deal
they they have to give up incomplete you
know that to completely give up their
idea that they're going to get their
version of the deal and until that's
done you don't get a deal where both
people both sides hurt a little bit but
they get a little bit so the reason
that's important is we're looking at it
China and the president has made some
scary sounding threats about raising the
tariffs on Chinese goods from 10% to 25%
which would be super expensive for them
and the idea is that people are saying
wait a minute wait a minute I thought we
were getting close to a deal well
apparently not apparently we're not we
were not as close to a deal as we
thought so I would say do not despair if
the stock market takes a takes a dump
for a while temporarily do not despair
if the news tells you that no deal could
be made when you're when you're dealing
with China and the United States the one
thing you can be sure of is that you're
dealing with adults you know you could
say say whatever you want about the
Chinese selling us fentanyl say whatever
you want to go and I do say a lot about
that say whatever you will about Chinese
stealing our intellectual property and
you know trying to dominate the South
China Sea
either I accept all of the criticisms
about China as being true or true enough
but if there's one thing we can all
agree on there are adults
China is sort of the adult in the room
maybe sometimes even more than the
United States I think but they have a
long-term view they are operating for
what appears to be Chinese best
interests so at least they're
predictable in that way and predictable
is good you want predictable and they
seem to be smart and engaged and
and all those things now the United
States same thing you know we're not
sending our we didn't send the b-team
you know nobody sent the people who had
nothing else to do to negotiate with
China so you have a lot of adults in the
room who are pushing as hard as they can
and they know how to do this stuff so it
would not be unusual to see something
that looks like a complete breakdown of
the China trade talks even if you
thought we were this close to the end it
would be completely normal for trade
talks to blow up and be you know
everybody go home and say that it's all
over I don't know that we'll get there
but if we do completely normal the thing
you don't need to worry about is that
either the United States or China will
in the end act irrationally because
there is just no no real risk that the
Chinese government which is adults and
the US government which is despite what
you say about the some might say about
the president there are adults they are
gonna figure out how to get this done
might not be as quickly as you want it
may not be exactly the deal you were
hoping for but they're gonna get it done
one way or the other I wouldn't worry
about it all right
watching with with interest and by the
way this the same conversation applies
to North Korea North Korea's you know
testing some missiles blah blah but
here's the thing North Korea no longer
has a reason to point their missiles at
us you know it's easy to lose sight of
the fact that North Korea is largely
already solved because it's not that
countries have nuclear weapons what
matters is if they have a reason to
point them at us and president Trump has
completely removed Kim jong-un's
incentive to point any nuclear weapons
at us now I don't know if he's actually
deprogrammed his computers or whatever
you need to do to make sure
nooks are not really pointed at the
United States but I'm pretty sure he
doesn't have a reason to send them our
way it just doesn't have a reason and
and because the president very wisely
he's consistently framed the North
Korean thing as an opportunity have you
seen that it's really clever and I don't
think the president gets the kind of
credit he deserves when he does the the
good framing the way the president has
framed North Korea is Kim jong-un is my
friend a personal friend and we like and
respect each other amazing that is
amazingly powerful because it almost
eliminates the risk of nuclear war and
Trump did that by himself like just by
himself
nobody even needed to help he tweeted a
few times he set up a meeting
I mean people helped set up the meeting
but really it's a hundred percent
president Trump making friends with this
one person Kevin John moon and
successfully they're actually they're
betting their buddies somebody says I'm
being naive what I'm not being is naive
about the fact that people don't nuke
people they're getting along with it
just doesn't happen to the other part
that the president has done well is
instead of talking about it as you know
a our army versus your army he stopped
talking that way he talks about their
economic huge opportunity it's like oh I
hope you know I sure like Kim jong-un I
know we can work this out it's gonna be
great for your economy that is a really
really really good Chamberlain I think
I'm just going to start laughing at
Hitler analogies like it's hard because
they make you angry but whenever
somebody makes a Hitler analogy I just
want to declare victory and whatever
point I'm trying to make and walk away
I've said this before but there there
are some things you should never make an
analogy to because there's nothing like
all right there's nothing like the
Holocaust
there was only one Holocaust I mean
there have been other mass murders and
you know horrific but there's nothing
really like the Holocaust there's
nothing really like hillard World War
two I mean you can make analogies all
day long but they would just be
different different situations yeah
anyway I wouldn't worry too much about
North Korea we'll get there
the for some reason Kim jong-un is
satisfied with the restrictions on his
milk on his economy but probably now
forever so North Korea is probably
limping by and they have an opportunity
to do great instead so I think they'll
take great let's talk about Iran so I
guess the US has moved a strike force
into the into the region so we moved
another carrier strike force I think it
was and that's mostly just to send a
message apparently there's some some
intelligence suggesting that North Korea
was getting ready to do something
aggressive somehow attack American
interests and who knows if that's true
but sounds like the government is pretty
confident about it or at least they're
acting that way so the apparently the
Iranian economy is in a freefall and the
latest round of sanctions are going to
eliminate the last places that they can
sell oil and I think that this is brings
into stark relief set the set the way
and I mean that may be the wrong phrase
but we can see obviously now the
economic war is a better war than
military war it seems to me that we had
two choices with Iran military and
economic I mean three choices if you
count doing nothing but I'm almost
positive we're gonna get to the same
place with economic war
with Iran as we as we could with
military war but without all the dead
people now there will still be dead
people because poverty does kill and the
US is inflicting greater poverty on Iran
than would otherwise be there so people
will die but if you were to compare the
you know the military versus the
economic option I think the economic
option will work every time won't it
whereas the military option it's hard to
make that work especially if you're
trying to conquer and hold territory
it's almost impossible to to hold
territory these days because it's too
easy to for for bad people sneak weapons
into a country and have a guerrilla
force that's effective the death rate
still holds it a hundred percent that's
true we're all dying alright isn't
sending ships more of a military option
well as long as we don't fire all it is
is presenting to Iran the two choices so
you want to make sure that the there's a
real difference between the options that
it has one option is stop being so much
trouble and things will go well and the
other option is of course total physical
destruction which is what the strike
force tells them all right
I saw a poll that I don't believe yet
but did somebody see a poll this morning
that Bernie passed Biden on the polling
for the Democrat nomination is that true
I saw it and then I didn't see it in the
headlines I just started passing can
anybody confirm that there's a new poll
showing Bernie I had a Biden because
that would be a fairly enormous swing so
I see one yes
fake poll somebody says there are two
polls are no longer reliable let me just
do a quick google here or a Google
search poll Ernie
Biden yeah that all I see is that Biden
is leading Sanders by a lot Oh in a
Mersenne poll that was April 16th now I
was getting polls that looks like a fake
poll so I guess that was a fake poll
Sony said milk to their politics
let's try yeah whoops real clear yes
Bell all that eggs oh but let's see see
the top top one here polling dad Biden
yeah it's too hard to find so I can't
find it but here's here's my take on
Biden if you watch Biden doing his stump
speech you've probably all seen by now
several clips of his most recent one and
have you noticed that he doesn't match
up well the thing that you have to
understand when you're watching the
potential matchups is that people make
decisions based on contrasts so so
contrast is going to make your decision
for you you think you're making a
decision but really you're being
influenced into your decisions by what
contrast is being presented so for
example the real estate agent will often
show you a terrible house that you can
afford so that when the agent shows you
the one you you wish you didn't have to
spend that much but it's a nice house it
seems so much better than the one you
looked at that was so bad so once
contrast is set up in your mind you're
manipulated into decisions so don't
think of yourself as making decisions
think of yourself as being subjected to
different kind
types of contrasts and it's the contrast
that makes the decision it's not really
you so when I look at Bernie versus
Trump what's the contrast bernie is his
own thing there's there's no other
politician like Bernie wouldn't wouldn't
you agree have you ever seen the
politician who you would say oh yeah
this one has liked Bernie Sanders not
really he's his own special character
which I like I have a lot of respect for
Bernie by the way I don't like his math
if you were good at math I might support
him but his policies just don't add up
now Trump likewise is not like anybody
else you don't you doesn't compare to
anybody else good or bad he's just his
own thing so if you imagine Bernie
versus Trump those are just two people
who were their own thing and that could
be a good fight okay
likewise imagine calmly Aras running
against running against drop they're so
different you know once a woman once a
person of color one is Trump you know
they're so different they would look at
them as individuals and that's that's a
good good contrast so that would the
contrast would not be making the
decision for people it would be a fair
fight now consider Biden versus Trump I
don't know if you see it yet Biden
versus Trump Biden is what happens if
you take away all of trumps good
characteristics if you take away Trump's
personality his provocation his
risk-taking his business experience his
experience as being president frankly
you take away his his tweeting skills
his social media skills his sense of
humor if you take away all those things
that people like about Trump you get
Biden and when and it becomes super
super clear when you watch a Biden give
his little Trump's his stump speech
because when you watch by
give us the speech you are immediately
imagining Trump doing it better
did you see it yep when you watch Biden
you immediately just automatically
imagine Trump doing that same thing
better you can't you can't get it out of
your head because the matchup is so is
so devastating for Biden Biden is is
what Trump would be if Trump were really
sick all right and you can't get that
out of your head
but if you watched Trump's act and then
you watch Bernie Zach you wouldn't have
that feeling you would say Oh Bernie is
just being Bernie there's nobody like it
you can't say bernie is half of some
other bernie or twice as good as another
barney there's only one Bernie
likewise there's only one kumla Harris
but Biden there is another one of those
there is a Biden there's an improved
Biden
there's the Biden that you that if
everything were better if he were
smarter if he were stronger if he had
more balls if he you know if Biden
had fewer gaffes if you more interesting
if he understood it persuasion better if
you could improve all those things about
Biden well he'd be kind of a Trump so
that's my statement and I could stick
with it if if Biden becomes the nominee
which by the way I do not predict so I
could be wrong in this but I'm not
predicting Biden will make it to the end
zone to even get the nomination he is
the most destroyable candidate by far
have you noticed that that Trump always
calls him dumb he calls him stupid I'm
pretty sure he means that I think that I
think Trump genuinely believes again I
can't read minds but I think that's his
actual opinion I think his actual
opinion is the Biden is not very smart
and have we seen a voice in Trump's say
that about too many other people I mean
I'm sure he's called other people down I
mean I know for sure that that's
happened but does Trump call Bernie dumb
nope does Trump call Carla Harris dumb
nope does Trump call Cory Booker who has
impressive credentials dumb nope
does Trump call Budaj dumb nope yeah
yeah Maxine Waters he calls dumb but
when Trump calls somebody dumb you can
kind of see it alright that's that's not
a random insult when he calls Biden dumb
you can kind of even if you're Pro Biden
you say yourself well is that wrong I
don't know that that's wrong so I never
do our Biden's IQ is obviously he's done
well in life he did go to law school but
apparently finished toward the bottom of
his his class I don't know if that's
important or not but when I watch Biden
in public he doesn't seem smart do any
of you have the same impression am I the
only one who's that who thinks that
Biden actually just doesn't seem that
bright when he talks that's very unusual
because there are a lot of politicians
that I would now support and don't like
but they're certainly smart Hillary
Clinton is a good example
did you ever see Trump even once have
you ever seen Trump oh I shouldn't say
this because baby somebody has an
example but also let me let me make this
not an absolute
I don't believe Trump spent much time
calling Hillary Clinton Dobb why Hillary
Clinton is not dumb she's very very
smart now she wasn't smart enough to win
as it turns out
but he didn't call her dumb and I'm
pretty sure if he thought she was dumb
we would have heard it now he may have
said it about some specific topic but
there's no way in the world that Trump
actually believes that Hillary Clinton
is dumb that's there's no way he
believes that buddy certainly seems to
believe it with Biden so I think that's
important and I'm repeating myself too
much in part because I don't have as
much to talk about today because the
whole world is going just great I don't
know if you saw a tweet then I sent out
about a some quick iteration of fusion
technology so we're seeing we're seeing
some let me give this in context as
we're trying to predict the future of
climate change and and all that the
thing that's hard to predict if you're
making an 80-year prediction about the
climate of the earth is what surprises
happened and sometimes you can smell a
surprise coming before you know for sure
it's coming and one of the ways you can
smell it is that as you know we've been
trying to solve fusion for decades and
decades and fusion is always the thing
that's always coming another 10 years
we're going to have a fusion power you
know no nuclear waste infinite power yay
everything solved another 10 years and
then 10 years come and you say well
another 10 years but something changed
recently or is about to change where
we're on the cusp of that change and
it's AI so what I learned about Fusion
is that when they run a specific test
and they're trying to create more energy
than they're putting out that there are
so many variables in play the human
beings are not good at figuring out okay
we tried this and we also try this but
we really can't tell which was the
better try there's so many variables
that you don't even know if trying this
was even better than this it's hard to
tell so it's hard to iterate toward an
improved thing if there are so many
variables but
turns out that artificial intelligence
and machine learning and I suppose you
could you can skip the overlap in those
might get us to the point where the
computers can look at all of these
variables and make sense of it and they
can say okay this test got you this
outcome with a set of variables and that
is closer to where you want to be than
this other test with all these variables
so here's my point
fusion might have been this is slow slow
slow development slow slow slow where it
would take not just 10 more years but a
thousand more years because it in there
is sort of like Zeno's paradox you know
every every year we get we close the gap
by half as much but if you only go half
as much you can never actually get there
it feels like fusion is like that but if
AI improves and specifically the form of
AI that would be helpful in sorting out
the fusion variables you could reach a
point where suddenly AI gets to a point
they can drive the fusion and suddenly
the learning curve changes by a factor
of a thousand or something so my point
is that you could have marginal to no
progress on fusion for 50 years in a row
but the day that you get AI that can
really sort out the difference between
the tests you might be almost at the end
point so you could go from no progress
to bang we got it just by having AI now
the AI is not ready but the AI almost
certainly will be ready within 10 years
[Laughter]
sounds funny even when I say it because
I know how many times people have been
wrong about fusion but it's worth
pointing out that the AI part of it has
never been the case in the past so there
might be something very different about
it all right I don't have much else to
say is there anything else happening did
I get James Woods phone number
yeah somebody online was asking me to
interview James Woods here on periscope
and I said do you have his phone number
because I can't reach him he's not on
Twitter if you know what I mean talking
about loser thing so my book loser think
I'm doing the copy edit phase for those
of you who are curious about the the
author or publishing process so I wrote
my drafts they went through a few
iterations of editing with my publisher
slash editor and now I'm at the final
stage in which a copy editor which is a
different level of editing where they're
looking at sentence structure and choice
of words and some fact-checking you know
minor fact-checking
and so now I have to read my entire book
this week and say yes or no to all the
changes and man is it humbling there is
I tell you it is it is a humbling
experience it is a humbling experience
to be copy edited because the number of
words I have used incorrectly is
shocking
the other shocking thing is how often
the copy editor is changing my proper
English to improper improper English and
I did say that correctly the number of
times they're taking my proper sentences
and turning them to improper for example
you know you should not end a sentence
with a proposition preposition don't end
it with a proposition either but in a
number of cases I would write around
that so I was not ending a sentence with
of for example and then my copy editor
would change it back to incorrect
now when I say incorrect I don't mean
that I mean that there are things that
have moved into common usage that works
better with my style of writing so so
I'm seeing a few situations in which my
writing got a little formal because I
was trying to write in the you know the
specifically proper way but the rest of
my writing is not that formal so it was
sort of stick out so the copy editor
puts them back in the same forum and
makes it a little more common usage and
it reads better somebody says I speak
more formally than others is that true I
would not expect that to be true
but I guess it depends what others
you're preparing me to all right I and I
use conjunctions at the start of a
sentence now - well I've always done
that I like sentences starting with and
and bakht if that's what you're talking
about living high quality lifestyle
off-grid with Tesla technology so
somebody's living off the grid with
Tesla technology I assume that means you
have a battery running your house
separate battery I'd be very interested
to hear about that compared to people
who say how come yeah I was earlier in
this periscope I said how come instead
of why and as soon as I said it I wasn't
really sure if it was inappropriate or
if it was some hillbilly sort of
affectation that I picked up when I was
young because where I live if you were
to have a conversation with the people
in the town that I grew up with they
would not have good grammar if I may say
that charitably somebody has a Tesla
solar plus battery for house for about
thirty thousand after tax breaks hmm I
would have lots of questions about that
so somebody else says I grew up saying
how come instead of why when when I hear
it my ear is turning how come into sort
of a country or
it doesn't feel like proper English but
maybe this yeah I'm not gonna say how
come is wrong I'm just saying that I
don't know if it's as right as why all
right Game of Thrones I'm not going to
talk about that it's too boring for the
people who haven't watched it you know
I'm going to talk to you later bye for
now