pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom hey Sandee hey Joe hey
Jeff come on in here
gather round Erin and Tyler I hope
you've all got your coffee your mugs
your chalices your containers your cups
and I hope it's filled with your
favorite beverage your coffees your teas
your hot waters your who knows what
because it's almost time for you know
what the simultaneous tip get ready here
it comes here it comes
hmm oh that's the good stuff
so one of the biggest stories in the
world right now in the whole world
besides the hurricane um I won't talk
too much about the hurricane because
there's wall-to-wall coverage there's
not much to say you know we're all
thinking about the thinking about the
victims but there's not much to say
about it
so I'm not going to be talking about
that but I'm not ignoring it either
let's talk about the biggest story in
the world that's not that hurricane
right now we're the biggest story in the
country did he hear it there was the big
bombshell from the Woodward book listen
to it it's a big bombshell I don't hear
anything
oh that's right it's the blank space
again it's the empty space it's the
thing where you'd expect to hear a story
but where's the story and here it is the
non story
so apparently Woodward was asked if in
any of his investigations he found that
found any Russian collusion and he said
he had looked hard for it and didn't
find any
now obviously Woodward
cannot dig as deeply as you know the law
enforcement all right we know that so
Woodward is not the final word but
here's the thing maybe you've had a
similar experience starting in 2016 I
have personally been treated by anti
choppers as part of the problem and the
biggest reason given at least in the
beginning 2016 was this Russian
collusion stuff and I was pretty sure
there was nothing there but the people
who were mad at me and mad at the
president and mad about Hillary losing
they were so sure it was true that they
could see it that they didn't need
Muller to investigate they could just
see it it was in the news it had
something to do with you know Don
juniors meeting he had something to do
with Manafort and one of the odds that
you know that Papadopoulos did this and
what are the odds that there would be
all this FBI investigation so to a big
part of the country that was hating on
me personally and probably most of you
they could just see it it was just there
Muller was just going to tie that loose
ends together and get a little extra
time and you know wrap it up into a into
a nice little impeachment / prosecution
ball but you but the fact of it was just
obvious you know who it wasn't obvious
to the most famous investigative
journalist in the United States who
looked into it and looked really hard
looked really hard to find the thing
that the people on let's say his I'd say
is obvious an investigative journalist
wrote a whole book spent a lot of time
you know investigating
this very thing that people said is
right there it's obvious
and he didn't find oh I almost did the
zero sign which would have been bad
because you can't do that anymore
think about that now
does anybody owe me an apology I would
say yes I would say that I am owed by a
pretty large number of people a really
big apology now of course we we can
still wait until Muller does his thing
but keep in mind that the whatever
Muller comes up with is going to be in
the category of something that nobody
saw because everything we see so far
according to Woodward amounts to zero in
terms of Russian collusion so I believe
I'm already owed an apology because you
could say about anybody well you know if
you look hard enough maybe you can find
something but we haven't found it yet
that would just be a true statement
about every single you know rich person
every politician etc and you know I
can't predict the future but so far our
mo did an apology because the the anger
and the hatred that people felt toward
me and most of you I think I'm speaking
for all of you I think most of you
anyway that anger was based on what they
thought was obvious and now Woodward has
done a really good job apparently of
showing that there's nothing obvious not
only is there nothing obvious but if
you're Woodward and you've got all kinds
of sources and you can dig pretty hard
and you've got millions of dollars in
the line you probably have you know a
team of assistants you know you can go
really deep if you're Woodward and there
was nothing there nothing absolutely
nothing why isn't that the biggest story
why isn't that the headline well of
course you know the answer right today I
saw him foxnews.com that the Dalai Lama
has said that the European refugees
should go home I'll just let that let
that sit there for a while
the Dali Lama has said in public that he
thinks the the refugees streaming into
Europe should go home now let me clarify
because I'm I'm I'm mischaracterizing
what he said but I'm not inaccurate so
he did say exactly that but in addition
if you want the extra context and you
should he's saying that the Europeans
should treat them humanely accept them
feed them educate them and then when
they're you know when things are better
they should go home to help help their
home country become a better place so
the dalai lama is in favor of humane and
generous treatment of the refugees but
he's but do you say let's make this
temporary because it's changing europe
they should go back and change their own
home once once that's a possibility so
now when people say are you you know are
you supporting the president's policies
on immigration now you can say well i'm
somewhere between the Dalai Lama and
president Trump um I'm in that range
you know because probably most of you
are most of you would like humane
treatment of everybody of people right
I've never heard anybody who was against
humane treatment of people
I I don't know that that's the thing so
if you were to ask me where's my opinion
of immigration I would say it's not
exactly the Dalai Lama's opinion but
it's pretty close so instead of saying
that I agree with Republicans or agree
with Jeff Sessions or agree with Trump
I'm just gonna say I'm I'm pretty close
to the Dalai Lama which is basically
that you can't have unrestricted
gigantic refugee flows without some
consequences that you didn't want so so
maybe there's a way to you know make
everybody happy
and the Dalai Lama seems like a kind
person so I agree with them we should
treat everybody humanely to the degree
that we you know we have the resources
and and stuff but there's certainly a
level of immigration that doesn't work
for the receiving place I was just in a
yeah just in an online Twitter
discussion with somebody who was anti
Trump etc and rather than arguing I was
just asking questions about how their
point of view would play out so it was
somebody who was soft on immigration and
my question was you know what would be
you know the the limit on immigration
for you would it be unlimited and he
said no not unlimited and I said well
you know if you're against unlimited
open borders but you're also against
being tight on the borders doesn't that
require you to give an opinion about how
many people let's say per year is okay
and and the person I was talking to it
looked like he was trying to avoid that
question but that's the only question
if you've said don't be a hard-ass at
the border but also don't just
completely open the borders that's not
an opinion is it
that's not an opinion that's simply two
things you don't want you don't want the
extreme open border you don't want to
stop stop people by being a hard-ass
especially if they come with families
etc but you haven't really given an
opinion if you just don't like those two
extremes you have to pick something in
between otherwise you haven't given me
your opinion so I said what about 40
million would 40 million people let's
say over just a few years be too much
and you know then the subject gets
changed that sort of thing so this gets
me to a bigger question I wanted to talk
about you've noticed that Trump
supporters Republicans in general are
often referred to as low information
voters you've heard that right that
Trump supporters are low information
voters but here's a test I want you to
give yourself when you're talking with
other people I find this to be
consistently true and I'll give you a
few examples I was talking to someone
who didn't identify as an anti Trump er
but in the context it was obvious so I
said well take take for example
charlottesville and I was explaining how
it was reported that the president said
both sides were good were fine people
and it was reported that he meant that
included the white supremacist were fine
people and I said to him well you know
that's just not what happened what
actually happened is the president said
there were fine people on both sides of
the statue question because the whole
event was around the statue do you keep
the Confederate statue or do you not and
so when I told him this it was clearly
the first time he had ever heard that
interpretation now
forget about whether he agreed with it
or disagreed with it it was the first
time he had heard that interpretation
how many of you had never heard that
interpretation before that both sides
was clearly and obviously about both
sides of the statue thing because the
alternative explanation that the news
has presented to you the anti-trump news
is that the President of the United
States consciously and intentionally
sided with white supremacists on the
same week they killed somebody that
didn't happen it would be crazy to think
that happened and then further after
having done in their telling of the
event further after having done
something of that crazy like a day later
or whatever it was few days later I
don't remember he clarified that he does
not support white supremacists just as
he has clarified 55 times in the past or
whatever the number is now that's a
crazy interpretation my interpretation
they as the president he was saying hey
let's all calm down let's let's agree
that bad behaviors bad behavior no
matter what and they're both they're a
good size there are good people on both
sides of the statue question not both
sides meaning white supremacist my
interpretation is completely normal and
consistent with the facts now we don't
have to agree who's right my point is he
had never heard that interpretation but
you've heard both interpretations right
so wouldn't that wouldn't that make you
the high information voter in this case
let me give you another 1i the same
person and I was talking about the
accusation that the president made fun
of Serge Kowalski I can't remember his
name the reporter who had the the
genetic problem with his arm and I said
you've probably seen the video
was reported as fact that the president
was making fun of somebody's bad arm I
said but have you seen all the videos in
context where he makes the same or
similar hand motions about other people
and it's just the way he makes fun of
dumb people and he had not how many of
you have seen the videos showing that he
often does that same gesture and it's
not about people with bad arms probably
most of you wouldn't you say I'll bet
most of you have seen that he had not so
I had seen his point of view and I've
seen my own point of view and your point
of view but he had only seen his own
point of view
ever not once had he ever seen what I
described that I've seen lots of times
so which one of us was the lower
information about her all right let me
give you another one talking about the
kids and cages and Trump put kids in
cages and that topic came up and I I
mentioned you know but of course that
was also happening during Obama you
could almost see his face reboot yeah
I've talked about this before when
cognitive dissonance it's in there's a
very there's an obvious facial bodily
change where the person just goes you
know it's all but it's almost like you
could see yeah almost like the brain is
rebooting and so I said yeah Trump put
more people in cages than Obama did but
Obama was putting kids in cages as well
it was the first time he considered that
now I couldn't tell if he'd never heard
it but he had never considered it as a
important part of the story and that I
further explained and you know that you
know treating the the refugees
in the most humane way creates more
refugees right and I said you know that
right that you would be increasing the
number of refugees and he hadn't really
considered that and then I I said and
you know that the thinking is that if
you have fewer refugees in the long run
that means that there might be fewer
children who are raped but the trade-off
was you're you're having less child
trafficking less fewer children getting
killed and let's say and here's how I
framed it I said in the Trump
administration if he took a hundred
let's say just any hundred kids the
trade-off was putting a hundred kids
separated from their parents which you
know will get rid of my troll putting a
hundred kids in cages which would have I
I said it would have psychological
effects some of them would be bad and
that that's a bad situation
so I agreed with him the Kenny kids and
cages is just always a bad situation it
doesn't matter how they got there
right but I said the alternative and the
only alternative that anybody could
think of was one in which more kids got
raped and trafficked and killed so I
said yes it was a conscious decision
that you know having this impact on say
a hundred kids put in cages helped two
or three of them not be raped and killed
and that that was a conscious trade-off
the person I was talking to had never
heard it framed that way had never heard
that those were the two choices because
the other choice which he sort of
imagined was the good one is that you
just let the families and the kids stay
together
which meant releasing them because there
weren't any facilities and I said you
realized that that would increase the
amount of trafficking and that and that
your preferred solution would in fact
have fewer kids in cages and that's good
but at the expense of two or three out
of 100
maybe getting killed or raped
said did you know that that was a trade
off and he did not he had not thought of
it in those terms and he said he'd be
open to listening to you know maybe
statistics that would back that up but
that's the argument no I - I too would
like to hear of statistics to back that
up and I could easily be wrong it could
be that the number is zero zero people
would be raped I don't know well I'm no
expert on the situation but here's the
point
I knew his argument but he had never
heard had never heard my argument which
is largely the same as your argument I'm
sure so you can kind of go down the line
I think you can go down the line and you
would find that the Conservatives are
completely aware of the argument on the
Left wouldn't you say that's true in
fact check me on this I mean as much as
much as you can because these are this
is anecdotal but fact-check mean isn't
it true that the right knows the
arguments on the left and they also know
their own arguments wouldn't you say
that's true well I'm finding that it is
massively true that the people on the
Left have never even heard the argument
on the other side and when was the last
time you heard some have you ever have
you ever heard anybody tell you what I
just told you have you ever even heard
anybody explain it and and now keep your
eyes open and see if that feels true to
you that every time you see one of these
big controversial situations you do know
what their argument is you could
disagree with it you probably do but you
certainly know what the argument is they
don't even know what the argument is on
the other side what's up with that
alright and I'm my new book I'm working
on one of the things on
you know is how lots of times you think
that you have a difference of opinion
with people and for all practical
purposes that's that's how it's playing
out but lots of times the difference of
opinion is not what it looks like and
here's what I mean there are people who
because of their usually because of
their career choices have been exposed
to education on how to make decisions
education on how to make decisions I
would say for example a scientist is
someone who is trained in how to make
decisions because the whole scientific
process is about getting rid of the bias
making sure you have all the information
making sure that you've got a process
you know the scientific process to get
rid of the the guesswork etc so
scientists have been trained how to make
decisions engineers have been trained to
be objective and test things and make
decisions economists people who were
trained at economics as I was are also
trained to make decisions we know how to
compare things we know how to look at
the long term versus short term we know
how to a major opportunity costs we know
how to do discount rates so economists
and people are business degrees as well
our people who have been trained to make
decisions do you know what profession
has not been trained to make decisions
I'll bet you do journalists journalists
journalists are never trained in the in
the the art of making decisions now I
would say that lawyers probably are you
you could think of a few more examples
of people who are trained in making
decisions and here there are the
mistakes that the untrained are making
and don't know that they're making it
because they've never learned to make
decision
and when you and when I explain this
it's there's a little lights gonna go
off in your head because it's gonna
explain a whole lot about what you're
observing let me give you an example
I've talked about this before there are
people anti-trump errs who say the Trump
did a bad job in Puerto Rico with
disaster relief anybody who says that is
not trained in making decisions
likewise anybody who says the opposite
of that anybody who says that Trump did
a great job of disaster relief relief in
Puerto Rico anybody who could say that
is also not trained in decision-making
because we don't have another Puerto
Rico to compare to the only way you
could tell if Trump and the Trump
administration did a good job or a bad
job with North Korea the only way you
could tell and anybody who's been
trained in decision-making will agree
with me anybody who has not been trained
in decision-making will disagree with
what I said because they're not trained
here's the point if you don't have a
control case to compare the performance
you can't make any determination because
there was no other president and trying
to save the other Puerto Rico at the
exact same time in the exact same
situation compared to you know what
President Trump did without that
comparison it is impossible for we the
observers with what we know to know if
it was a good job or a bad job
it can't be known and if you've never
studied how to make decisions you would
imagine it could be known but you would
just be looking at the anecdotal things
you would just say well he's president
Puerto Rico people died therefore it
must have been a bad job all right
anybody who could make that connection
would not be trained in decision-making
here's another one
half pinions that's a word I came up
with an opinion a well-formed opinion
would consider the cost of something all
the costs short-term long-term all of
the costs including opportunity costs
the thing you could have done if you
hadn't been doing this it would also
include the benefits if you've included
all of those things you're probably
trained in how to make decisions you
might be an engineer you might be a
scientist you might be an economist
right but if you've included all the
costs short term long term opportunity
costs and all the benefits psychological
financial if you've included it all you
might be trained in decision making but
if you said hey why can't we just let
people in let the families stay together
etc because that's the humane thing to
do if the if you're done with your
analysis at that point you've probably
never learned to make decisions you
might be a journalist for example all
right because the right way to look at
that is if you let people in if you
treat them well what happens if you
leave out the what happens you're not
really making the decision you have a
half pinioned you're you're picking the
part you like I like being good to
people yeah I like being good to people
I don't like children in cages I guess
we're done here I guess we have I
painted myself into a corner somebody
says I have no idea what that means
all right then yeah so if your opinion
ignores human incentives then then
you're not really part of the
decision-making crew all right what else
was I going to talk about today
oh so I haven't done this yet but I'm
threatening to do this well so here's
your some more that's related to the
same topic
I hear a lot of anti-trump pers will
tell me if I'm talking to them in person
having a national conversation or even
on Twitter and it goes like this
they'll say the President of the United
States has told 3000 lies since he was
inaugurated or whatever the number is
and I always like to say this well what
exactly was the impact of that so far
what would the the GDP be if that number
had been zero and you get okay so
probably all the things you're saying
that were that were lies it doesn't seem
to be that they affected the economy did
they and then you'll hear somebody say
well okay there's no way to know you
know that effect of the economy but then
I can take it a little bit further and I
will say well you know economies are
built on expectations right and if you
talk to somebody who's learned anything
about economics they'll say well yes the
expectations mean a lot and then if I
say well suppose a lot of those alleged
fact-checking problems was the president
sort of exaggerating how good the
economy was maybe exaggerating that
businesses are bringing jobs back to the
United States
maybe exaggerating how much difference
it makes to car regulations let's say he
was exaggerating yeah how quickly he did
it or how different it was from Obama
let's say he exaggerated how well things
are doing now in terms of jobs compared
to the number of jobs that were created
into Obama and let's say exaggerated to
the point where it's just not true
suppose he said it's better now on some
variable some economic variable they no
ever was before but maybe that's not
true there was a year before that it was
better what if he had done all of those
things what would be the net effect of
that the economy would be better
so when somebody is pointing out that
the president had 3000 fact-check
problems if you understand how things
work
meaning the economy how the psychology
of expectations drives the economy you
could say well how many of the three
thousand were about of the economy
things that were not true but they were
directionally good persuasion to cause
those things to be true so if you're
looking for what problems were caused by
the 3,000 fact-checking problems I think
you'd have to take out the I don't know
500 or so that actually made things
better don't you
because if you're complaining about the
fact checking you're complaining about
the problems they cost but I think you'd
have to subtract out all the good things
he said about the economy that may have
been exaggerations to the point of not
being true because those actually did
make the country better and they were
intended to do that think about it do
you do you include all the fact-checking
as a problem when it's obvious that some
number of them unambiguously we're in
the right direction to be positive
because it made us think things are
going well so it made people invest they
made people hire people it caused it
caused other companies to say hey
everybody's everybody's coming back to
the United States maybe I should leave
in that direction alright then you say
well what about North Korea
let's take North Korea which of the many
many fact-checking problems the 3,000
fact-checking problems made the current
situation with North Korea worse I can't
think of any okay so maybe none of the
lying exaggerating hyperbole okay maybe
none of them have any direct effect on
fighting Isis maybe none of it have any
effect on North Korea it's not clear
that anything made any difference with
rusha I can't see an example of that so
let's say that world affairs and even
even trade deals etc duh I can't think
of any example where something that was
a fact jack problem gave us a bad result
in any of that can you I can't think of
any cause and effect going on there and
you can go right down the line and
you'll find that people are really
really concerned about something where
they can find no connection to the real
world in other words the the
fact-checking
even if you assumed all the fact
checkers are completely right
even if you assume their number is
roughly true even if you said that
where's the problem you you know it made
sense a few years ago to say we think
there might be a problem with this but
now you don't have to wonder about it
you can just look we've had a few years
of trump and everything's heading in the
right direction and the things that you
don't like you know maybe you think
health care or immigration should be
better you could think of several areas
it could be better but that don't see
any reason to think that what the
president has said made those things
worse take the worst thing in the
country what's the worst thing in the
country right now I would say race
relations maybe health care maybe maybe
immigration but I would say race
relations is at the top of the list of
things that aren't going well under the
trump administration how much of that is
because the president lied I can't think
of anything that the president lied
about or had a fact check problem or a
hyperbole problem that made race
relations worse because all the things I
can think of were in the opposite
direction so if for example he said he
did great things for african-americans
well suppose that was an exaggeration
but still it's in the direction of
making things better now worse
if you say that you're working hard for
them if you say your administration did
great things for African Americans if
you say that Obama did less even if even
if some of that was not exactly true
it's moving in the right direction isn't
it isn't it isn't it expressly showing
love support I'm working hard for the
African American people I love I love
Hispanics you know everything he said
even if you imagined that they weren't
true they still would not have made
things worse they would have made things
better because they were all all of his
persuasion is in the is in the movement
of moving us toward you know one America
and not having racial problems are there
any lies in the in the race situation
that made things worse oh yeah
here's one charlottesville and that was
media lie so the media has lied about
Charlotte's fell from the beginning and
that's made things much worse as it if
you look at race relations most of those
problems that we have this seem to be an
increase over what we've had in the
recent past our base are because of lies
and those lies are coming from the media
and they're very easy to identify I
described the the charlottesville lie
pretty easily so lying does matter but
it seems to only it seems to only make
things worse what is coming from the
media I can't think of an example where
the president said something that didn't
pass the fact-checking and it made
something in the real world worse and
that's because as I often say even when
his facts are wrong he is directionally
accurate okay
even if you take let's take the most
extreme example where the president's
saying that only you know a few dozen
people died because of Hurricane Maria
and Porter
the fact checkers are going crazy saying
my god you know all these qualified
people have looked at it and it seems
that lots and lots of people died now no
matter which of those facts you think is
true and I think the obvious answer is
it's probably somewhere in the middle
you know I don't think the people who
claimed all the deaths are really
hurricane related because they're sort
of related to bad bad government bad
infrastructure you know it's it's not
one thing that causes all those deaths a
lot of things had to go wrong for that
whole situation to exist so when I see
the president say no we did a good job
with Puerto Rico the deaths weren't that
many which way is he trying to persuade
well of course he's trying to defend his
administration every administration does
that but he's also trying to tell the
story where the president and all of his
other white people in the government
were doing all they could and did a good
job for the people of Puerto Rico which
would be the opposite of telling a story
where you're trying to make things worse
he's telling a story that if you believe
that would make you think that the
government cares about all of its people
so it's enough about that anyway I'm
looking at all these vague things that
the critics say about the president and
start watching these categories form
because the critics are running out of
actual facts that they can connect to a
bad result right there's lots of things
they don't like
like the fact-checking and they don't
like the attitude and they don't like
the tweeting but they're having real
trouble connecting those things to an
actual problem you know it's very hard
to say he sent this tweet and these ten
people were killed because of it like
there's nothing like that it's all
general vague things so I'm starting to
collect a list of the vague things that
people say like they say that he's
impulsive
the president's impulsive okay tie that
observation to the bad outcome because
every time we hear a story like that
the impulsiveness doesn't seem to be a
problem except for the way it's reported
because he'll throw out some ideas we've
heard a number of stories about this
that sound crazy when you hear them out
of context but the people he talked to
said okay that doesn't work you
definitely don't want to do that here's
why and then they didn't do it so we
haven't seen doesn't he put kids in
cages you must be coming in late so we
haven't seen an example where the
impulsiveness actually got translated
into the problem now there may be cases
where he didn't have the right
information and I think the immigration
kids in cages things is a mistake that
the administration has to own right and
I think it probably has more to do with
not everybody in the chain know exactly
what the implications of these changes
would be probably didn't know how bad it
would be for kids didn't know you know
probably just didn't know the details
and should have right so there's no
excuse for anything that happens the
president has to take responsibility for
what was wrong and what goes right you
know even if even if they didn't know
what was going on in those details but
[Music]
anyway so my point being that you're
gonna hear words like the president is
unhinged well but what did that what
problem did that cause was he unhinged
and therefore the GDP is lower he's
unhinged and therefore North Korea's not
going well now it seems to be going in
the right direction he's unhinged and
therefore what what or there
oh he's dictatorial he uh he's
dictatorial and usually the example
these days is he says critical things
about the Justice Department and the
Supreme Court true and and the problem
is to take it to the next step yes the
president does things no president has
done before he's used his right of free
speech to push against another
organization in the government in public
everything he says is public he's
pushing against them in public so that
his opinion you know gets weight in the
public as does the opinions or the the
work coming out of other groups and the
problem is what yeah I don't know the
problem I mean the Supreme Court is
still doing this thing right
has anybody at the Supreme Court as
anybody in the Justice Department said
you know we'll just stop doing our job
now I've seen nothing like that I'd say
I've seen nothing that would suggest
that anything the president has said in
the tweet any pressure he's put and he
complained
any criticism of other parts of the
government I have seen no credible
explanation of how any of that has
actually turned into a problem
personally I appreciate the transparency
I like a country where I see these the
opinion unfiltered of our leaders you
know when it's when it's an opinion
about something that doesn't have you
know national secret type implications
yeah so these things are all things that
are happening but they don't translate
to a problem yeah maybe he's impulsive
so what yeah maybe he is you know he
says things that remind you of a
dictator because he's talking about the
other institutions but but what but what
happened what was the downside
all right so last thing I wanted to talk
about is that Apple has produced an
Apple watch that has a medical sensor in
it that will check your heart I think
I'm probably gonna go out and get one
I don't like watches and I never wanted
to own an Apple watch and I didn't think
it was didn't really think you had
enough capabilities in it to make it
worthwhile but now that Apple's watch
has a nice ECG so it can it can tell you
if your heart is functioning right well
before you might have noticed it and so
you could catch problems early so I
could save your life now apparently this
is just the beginning there's there are
all kinds of micro devices that you know
sensors that can work with your work
with your smartphone and imagine that
Metin the size of that benefit I'm just
gonna be incredible did you see there's
even one and there's a little device you
can hook to your phone this literally
it's like this big and it's flat it's
like you know just this big and yeah
it's what do you call it when you do the
sonic imaging what's the name of that
when you're looking to see what your
baby looks like electrocardiogram is
that it
so that exists now so now we have tiny
sensors that we'll be able to test your
blood test your heart you know check
your vitals your pulse your blood
pressure and even do it and even check
yeah you would even be able to like see
if you had a broken arm you know you can
actually look right through your arm and
see if anything's broken
now you probably would still need to get
a x-ray but you you can see if there are
any big problems in there and I thought
to myself man we're really getting to
the point where doctors are gonna be
sonograms thank you ultrasound your
sonogram the same as ultrasound but
that's what the that's what the device
can do it can do ultrasound from your
phone which is amazing anyway when you
see all this stuff coming together it
feels like we're close to what I'll call
the poor person's healthcare and a poor
person's health care would be you know
your pay per visit for your doctor
you've got a range of apps and people
you can talk to you they can walk you
through how to use them maybe you've got
an online tella
telehealth doctor you know my my app
interface by when hub which by the way
is amazing you could get a medical
advice on that too so yeah we're close
to an amazing time an amazing time in
amazing time anyway I'm gonna probably
mention my app every time I'm on here
for a while because we're in that phase
but if you haven't tried the interface
by one hub app you should you can sign
up for free be an expert on anything I
could give you some examples of things
you could be an expert on
I'll bet that somebody will use my app
so the the nature of the app is you can
sign up as an expert and set your own
price and when you're online and
available people can immediately make a
video call and they'll pay your price
for the for the minutes that you're on
and you could be an expert or you could
just be talking to people keeping them
company telling them a story etc but I
wondered if people will ever use it to
tell their kids a bedtime story I'm
trying to think of all the the uses for
the product that we did not anticipate
and I thought I'll bet there are parents
who would just put it next to the bed
and and have somebody else tell a
bedtime story to the kid yeah let's say
a nice
grandmother or something while they get
some other business Don you know within
the earshot they'd want to be able to
hear what's happening but I wonder if
anybody will do that I'll bet they will
and I wonder how many people would use
it for Tudor how many people didn't
let's say low-income households who
can't afford you know a real tutor to
come to the house pretty expensive well
how many of them just needs some help
for their kid who's trying to get
through math or whatever and they can't
help them and what do you do your kids
doing the homework and just can't figure
it out and doesn't have any source so
there should be apps and if somebody
signed up to be a mentor or a tutor on
the interface by one huh bath maybe
fifteen minutes of that person's time
would make a big difference
and what about mentors you know the I've
often said that people who are in
low-income situations and especially
african-american community if you get
locked into the silo of your own
community you don't have access to
mentors and advice from from there any
other people so some people might want
to say hey I'm retired I don't need to
make money I'm just gonna be a mentor
for inner-city youth and just sign up
and there may be some inner-city youth
who says hey this is either free because
you could say your price is zero by the
way the interface by when how bad you
can set your price to zero if you want I
don't make any money if you do that but
you know what I still encourage it
because it'd be a good use now why you
would do that instead of make just a
FaceTime call is that one of the
advantages of the interface by window
app is that you can discover people and
then you can make a phone call but you
don't have each other's personal contact
information they don't know where you
live they don't know what your phone
number is they don't have your email
they don't have anything now if you
wanted to you could exchange those
things during the
/ sation but you don't have to so if you
want something that's quick and
anonymous we do then it's anonymous
except that your face is going to be
there so you're going to present
yourself in your bio bio dialectic
behavior therapy
DBT yeah I think the interface by when
hub will be great
for a lot of therapy uses I think it
would be great for people who need a
sponsor if they're addicts and they
can't find their sponsor or their
sponsor is busy they're thinking about
taking a drink or doing a drug and they
just need to talk to somebody right away
so I think that'll be used PTSD I think
that'll be used people who are
considering considering lots of things
will be used alright great for people
who need a friend exactly
I think that seniors might just use it
to have a friend you know an hour a day
of can you can you just talk to me or
let me talk to you for an hour just have
something like human contact even if
it's on video yeah somebody said suicide
prevention and I had suggested that idea
also but I'm told so here's why a
suicide prevention may not be the
exactly what you think it is any
professional would immediately tell them
to go to a emergency room apparently so
I think they ethically a professional if
somebody said hey I'm thinking about
killing myself a professional would
probably send them to somebody in person
right away you know get to the emergency
room get to you know get to a real
person but it could help it could at
least get them set up in the right
direction distract them from their bad
intentions so that could be good but you
could say that on the interface app
correct you could say that on the app
how to score a hot girlfriend I have
somebody could be an expert on that you
should be able to browse for an expert
in the app yeah the version that we're
getting ready to release will improve
their browsing function so right now we
had a the first release we wanted to
keep it as simple as possible so
basically it's like tinder for experts
you just you know swipe through and find
the ones you want but as the number of
experts increases that doesn't that
interface doesn't work as well so we
wanted to start simple so it was easy
for you people to understand what it was
but as soon as we start getting some
traction will improve will continuously
improve the interface as people on board
we're not doing vetting of experts it's
a free market and people can put links
to their qualifications but you also
don't have to pay for the first minute
or three minutes but the first minute or
so of the call if you see somebody who's
obviously a fraud you can just end the
call and you're not going to get charged
how do I buy stocks of when hub so we're
private company and we we don't have
stocks or equity offering but you can
own the tokens that are used within the
the app and those tokens might go up in
value they might go down the value
they're not they're not not not an
investment but it is a way to to be
linked indirectly to the success of the
company without owning equity if you own
the coins that the that the app uses and
there's more demand for them because
there's more people using the app then
the value should go up professional
apologizer
that'd be funny
all right
just looking at your comments okay
when hub but may very well change the
world you know I think that's when hub
or things like it you know that might be
a class of apps it could change the
world because if you think about it this
is an app that could totally change
healthcare because you could do it would
make it just simple to do to get medical
advice by phone right now you could do
it it's more expensive it's harder you
got to be part of the play and etc so it
could change healthcare fairly radically
it could change education it could
change mentoring it could change how you
connect to people who have the resources
you need it could change job searches it
could change a lot of things so you're
right it could change could change the
world
alright and I will talk to you later bye
for now