bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
oh ho hello so for those of you who have
not discovered this secret I'm going to
reveal it and it goes like this
coffee tastes delicious
normally in its normal state coffee is
delicious but there is one way to make
it more delicious no it has nothing to
do with the ingredients or the way you
brewed it has nothing to do with the
vessel in which you put it in has
everything to do with the simultaneous
sip because when you simultaneously sip
with a thousand like-minded people the
coffee tastes better I don't know why
it's just science just go with it
because you're gonna experience the
simultaneous it right now that's good
stuff so I overslept and I didn't have
time to check out most of the news so I
call up CNN's page let's find out all
the important news now the important
news if you don't now if you look at a
website for a news organization the
important news is going to be toward the
top and usually to the top left because
that's that's where the eye goes that's
always the important news so let's find
out what the top six stories are on CNN
all right so this is all the news in the
world but here are the top six stories
on CNN Trump calls Omarosa a dog and
latest attack three theories why amorosa
book is not number one late night comics
take on amorosa Burnett calls out
Trump's hypocrisy on emarosa White House
paranoia
deepens after Amorosa is recording trump
has no black Senor house
staff way house staff which is also
about emarosa how far do you have to go
before you find an article on CNN that's
not about emarosa
and what is it that is the reason we're
all talking about a morosa well it's not
because she got fired
exactly it's because she's got a
specific claim a claim that there is
somewhere a tape he secret tape in which
the president allegedly but nobody can
find this tape and the people that she
claims had it have no idea what she's
talking about but allegedly there's a
tape in which he uses the n-word now it
seems to me give him how much someone
would pay for such a tape and how badly
someone wants it and how this tape
allegedly would be owned by somebody
who's in Hollywood or is not friendly to
the president do you think there's much
chance that we would not have heard it
if such a tape exists what are the odds
we wouldn't have heard that tape I'm
gonna say zero the only way that we
would not hear that tape is if Mark
Burnett who is the producer of all the
shows was the only one who had it
because he's friendly to the president
but if he was the only one who had it
nobody would have been playing it for
him Rosa so there are only two
possibilities that seem likely of course
there are always more possibilities we
can't think of but the two likely
possibilities are that if it did exist
we would certainly would have heard it
by now and if Mark Burnett was the only
one who had it we wouldn't know it
existed because he likes the president
even if it did exist he wouldn't show it
to anybody presumably I mean maybe it
would but we think unlikely
so it seems to me that the president has
been put in a situation where he has to
prove a negative in other words prove
that something doesn't exist can you
prove there's something doesn't exist
you cannot can you prove that you didn't
collude with Russia even if he didn't
nope because you can't prove a negative
you can't prove that there wasn't some
meeting you don't know about can you
prove that he didn't you know do a
million different things no you can't so
this is the most insidious attack on
president that I've ever seen because
there is no way he can prove something
didn't happen no matter how many people
refute i'ma roses version of facts and
they have refuted it so she's been well
refuted which is different for improving
a negative which nobody can do it's
logically impossible so here's here's my
take on it as far as I know it's not
illegal to make up some crap and put it
in the book if it were a lot of people
would be in jail
so what amorosa is doing which
apparently you know just on the surface
it looks like she made up a terrible
claim and put it in a book and is
selling it now this is the sort of claim
given the sensitivity of the world and
Charlottesville is still in our still in
our minds and all that this is the type
of story that assuming it's not true and
the evidence would suggest that although
it can never be proven as a negative
it's one of the worst things I've ever
seen in my life think about what this
does to not just the country but the
entire world it's the weirdest kind of
non crime because I'm pretty sure it's
legal
yeah it's somebody saying that she be
sued for libel
but yeah you don't see that happening
right it's probably not going to happen
and I would say that the the severity of
this crime if it's a crime and the
evidence would suggested that well not
if it's crime the severity of this abuse
assuming that she did not actually hear
a tape with that alleged word on it
the severity of this is unspeakable
because it's a sort of thing people are
gonna believe and it is so damaging to
the country and because the size of the
United States and our role in the world
to the entire world I'm trying to think
if I've ever heard of anybody who did
something that wasn't violent there was
worse than this can you think of
anything you know if you're thinking of
bad things you immediately think of
Hitler and dictators but they actually
killed people she could act her actions
could actually result in war and death I
mean it's that bad because if you if you
degrade the presidency enough you're
gonna get murder attempts you're gonna
get the government falling apart you're
gonna get some bad stuff can anybody
think of something that didn't involve
actually violence immediately that's
worse than what emarosa probably did
here can anybody think of anything
stormy Daniels is a mild version of this
stormy Daniels was just a key birtherism
birtherism would not have caused any
kind of a revolution that would have
been a technical problem at worst
so at worst it would have been a
paperwork problem with birtherism think
of anything else
somebody say blaming the victim
well even blaming the victim even
blaming the victim would be only about
the victim this is something that could
that could really kill a lot of people
lying about rape
yeah even lying about rape and that sort
of thing those are lies about
individuals who are not necessarily
running the world weapons of mass
destruction yeah there was a that's a
good one so whoever was the I think
there was a mole or informant who lied
about weapons of mass destruction and
then our government believed them and in
turn fooled the public but the person
who lied about weapons of mass
destruction actually caused a disastrous
war that might have been worse but keep
in mind that the person who did that
wanted that war so they got what they
were trying to get which was to get rid
of Osama bin Laden so even that's a
little sketchier how about the steel
dossier
well the steel dossier yeah I guess
Brandon yeah you're right
I guess Brendan and clapper would be up
there with Omarosa call me les so I
don't know what he's lied about exactly
maybe something I can't think of
anything but have you ever heard of a
worse crime that didn't have the death
penalty now I'm not saying that my Rosa
should be put to death and nobody should
go out and try to hurt her but generally
when somebody does something at this
level of badness they could actually you
know potentially could destroy the
destroy the planet like it could
actually destroy the planet you know you
could easily imagine how it would weaken
the presidency until some international
entity gets adventurous because we're
weak I mean it could be pretty bad
not likely but pretty bad so I would say
the emarosa is one of the worst human
beings in the history of human beings
one of the worst human beings in the
history of all human beings I put her on
par with you know at least potentially
the worst you know killers and dictators
of the world in terms of recklessness
yeah Hiller it's a special it's a
different category if you actually have
actively killed people so it's tough to
be in that category avenatti empanada
he's a lawyer no no he gets paid to be
that way I suppose
um roses being paid to Benedict Arnold
yeah he he's it was pretty vile but he
also didn't get away with it let's hope
that Emma Rosa doesn't Pol Pot yeah
Piers Morgan loves her probably not
anymore worse than nothi Noddy yeah
definitely worse than avenatti
far worse than avenatti because the
president's personal life was sort of
built into the our thinking already so
avenatti didn't really change much there
but what emarosa is doing is monstrous
calling her a dog is an insult to dogs I
like dogs but I have such a low opinion
of her right now that I've I can't think
of anybody I've ever had a lower opinion
of you know who was alive
please stop now stop what did Trump and
Miss read her you know you don't really
expect anybody to be this bad the this
is a level of badness that I think would
have been hard to contemplate you know
it wouldn't be a surprise if she didn't
do a good job or you know she said some
critical things about him you know just
in general those those would be bad
things but nobody sees something this
bad coming I just don't think you see
that Oh pedophiles thank you
yes somebody mentioned pedophiles as
people who are worse than amorosa but
only if they're serial pedophiles you
know that you'd probably have to be
doing a lot of pedophilia before you'd
be as bad as emarosa because remember
her potential impact could destroy the
planet
pedophilia destroys the lives of the
people involved and family members and
stuff like that
which is a tragedy you know that's
unspeakable but it's still not
destroying the planet
there's still another level there you
can go so she's as bad as a human being
can be it's too bad one of the questions
on CNN was or at least the headlines
Trump has no black senior White House
staff well whose fault is that do you
think that's because he doesn't want any
how many qualified black folks want to
be on the Trump team after the press has
painted him as the worst human being in
the world how could they expect that
people are lining up for that job after
what what they've done to him reputation
Lee
all right so there literally isn't any
other news today yeah ben Carson is not
White House staff ben Carson is head of
HUD which is technically not White House
staff that would be cabinet member
Katrina's I think she's working on
re-election campaign similar to when
yeah anyway so there's literally no
other there's no other news it was Kanye
its amorosa it's her book that's not
selling would you take that job I
definitely would not take a government
job that feels like a lot of work anyway
so let's hope that yeah so Lynn Patton
worked closely with Emma Rosa and has
confirmed that everything she says does
not check out somebody says is Sasha
Baron Cohen a hypnotist oh not that I
know of I've seen no evidence of that
proud boy is banned from Twitter you
know I don't know the whole situation
over there so I don't really have any
comments about that that's one of those
situations where you sort of have to
know all the things they've said in
order to have a good opinion and I don't
know all the things that proud boys have
said or done so I don't know how I would
have an opinion of whether it was over
the line or not
how would I know Tesla going private is
not news I don't think that deal is on
is it I don't see it in the headlines
that was just something that we're
talking about oh let's talk about John
McCain being left out of the announce so
I guess the President signed a bill or
did something with John McCain's name on
it and he didn't mention John McCain
isn't John McCain his political enemy
who has caused all kinds of problems for
the president do you really need to be
nice to people who are not who are not
your allies I understand why people are
talking about it but I've never seen so
many Democrats loving John McCain until
it was a way to get at the president I
personally think that not complementing
your political enemies is not the worst
thing anybody ever did yeah I'll do a
home tour not today I'm hoping that the
blight Authority website is back up I'll
check on that I'm going into the city
today too - let's see what would it be
called I'm the interviewer on stage for
a Greg Gutfeld who's talking about his
book the Gov Feld monologues which is a
great book you should be it and so we'll
be at the Commonwealth Club tickets are
all sold out I can't get in and I'll be
asking him any questions that I have in
the audience as that's going to be fun
all right
um the struck you know that the Peter
Strock story just doesn't interest me
the fact that he got fired is FBI
business I don't care
he'll be setting bad things about the
president predictable somebody said will
I periscope my conversation with Greg
not the event itself just because I
wouldn't be able to set up the
microphones and stuff it's already going
to be on radio and video and they'll
probably be some way to get that out to
you if you want to see it
about the Muslim school shooter training
camp yeah you know news that could be
news but doesn't develop into news
you know people trained to do bad things
it just doesn't make as much news as the
actual bad things themselves so it's not
alright
I think that's it for me and right now
I'm going to sign off and get ready for
my day and Brousseau are yeah we've
talked about him already and I'll talk
to you later bye for now