and welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott
Adams and it's happening
now if you're on locals you can watch
the feed whoops let me turned on this
volume and I'm seeing your comments on a
separate device there you are
Aloha all right if you'd like to take
this experience up to levels that I
don't even think you can understand all
you need is a copper muger glass a
tanker cheler Stein a Canen jger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee enjoy me
now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens
now happy St Patrick's day
too
yes I had exactly one green shirt and
here it is I might keep this one around
just for a future St Patrick
St by the way has St Patrick's stay been
erased yet has been
cancelled has somebody found a reason
it's
racist because I feel I'm probably doing
something racist just by celebrating
Irish
people all right
well I'd like to start in with some news
uh I'd like to remind you that not only
is our history fake
because it used to be ridden by the
winners but now it's ritten by the
losers literally the people who couldn't
do anything became
reporters literally the losers so the
winners are starting spacex's and you
starting social media companies and
making billions of dollars but they're
not writing the history the history is
written by the people who couldn't do
any of those things so they became
journalists instead but it gets worse uh
AI is now rewriting history about me in
real time so I'm having this weird
experience where I can watch History
being faked about me and I know that
that will become the permanent history
for example I did a little experiment in
the mancave video that I do just for the
local subscribers in which I asked chat
GPT to list uh quotes from
me and I think out of 10 two of them
were completely made
up definitely things I never said now
how would you know if you were just some
person searching for information and you
saw a list of 10 of my quotes and you
recognize several of them wouldn't you
think they were all real I would if I
saw that eight looked kind of real I
remember them the other two I would
assume were real nope completely made up
so that's what's
happening but the good news is I saw a
list of uh presumed presidential IQs
where all the presidents were
compared uh and it turns out the number
one highest IQ of past presidents was
John Quincy
Adams John Quincy Adams and number
number five was John Adams his
father in between was Jefferson Clinton
and
Madison so The Adams Family representing
and you'll notice that the IQs go up
over time so John Adams the father was
only a mere 150 but uh John Quincy was
rated at
170 and you know they're only my cousins
but I'm up to
185 you know I think the Next Generation
if I had any kids that I knew about
probably 200 230 something like that I
mean I'm just interpolating from the
trend so good job there family I would
like to point out that when it comes to
presidents the IQ is not as important as
the talent
stack the talent stack can boost your
natural IQ in a in an effective way for
example um president Trump was somewhere
in the middle of the IQ of presidents
and by the way I'm not saying that
they've measured all this accurately I I
assume they didn't but if you imagine
that Trump is in the middle you might
say to yourself whoa wouldn't we do
better with somebody up in that 150
range and the answer is you could but
only if they had as good a talent stack
because one of the things that makes
Trump trump is he's a performer you know
Reagan had that but it's it was sort of
rare um
and Trump knows business and he's a
Persuader just to name three things so
if you're if you know the real business
world you haven't been a politician all
your life you're a Persuader and a
performer your perceived IQ in terms of
what you can get done would be a lot
higher so I'm going to take the middle
middle of the pack IQ plus the greater
Talent stack for the win now I would say
the other people who fit that would be
uh Jefferson Thomas Jefferson he also
had the talent stack of inventing and
running a business Etc so that's a good
example
and um who else Reagan you know as I
said he had the Entertainer thing going
on so whenever you see a better Talent
stack you're going to get a little bit
better performance I
think here's some good advice from Joe
Rogan you've heard this advice from
people who give this kind of advice but
it's actually really helpful to hear it
from a real person you know you know Joe
Rogan yeah as in terms of what worked
and what
didn't so he he says quote in a clip I
saw just today on XI I went from being
someone who was incredibly insecure and
basically a failure to someone who was
really successful at this one thing that
was very dangerous that other people
were scared of and that was the um the
fighting so once he got good at uh being
a you know some kind of a is it MMA type
fighting I guess he said they gave him a
bunch of confidence and then I guess the
confidence carried over into his other
activities
now this is something I teach in my
books which is that if you can find
anything at all that you can be better
than other people it's going to have a
whole bunch of benefits number one is
going to teach you as Joe Rogan said
directly it teaches you that you can
work hard and become good at something
which believe it or not is not obvious
you know if you're 12 years old or
something it's not really obvious that
you could just become good at something
by just wanting to and just trying hard
and practicing but you can so I always
recommend that you find something that
interest you enough that you can
practice it enough that you're in at
least the top 10% and that's not that
hard to be in the top 10% of something
to be in the top you know
0.001% and be the best professional
that's pretty hard but to be in the top
10% of almost anything is really not
that hard
so practice is usually all it takes
because most people are not practicing
that one specific thing but if you are
you're going to be in the top 10% so
that's so one of the best pieces of
advices you can get is become good as
something even if it's a hobby because
that becomes something you understand
about yourself oh I'm a person who can
become good at a new thing that I've
never done before just by waiting in and
being brave and doing a lot of practice
but the other thing it can get you is
better sex because if you're good at
anything this is my best uh mating and
dating strategy you hear all the the
normal stuff from other people but I'm
going to give you the good persuasion
stuff for dating you want to be able to
demonstrate in front of other people
witnesses that there's at least one
thing you do better than most people
because that is a signal for your
genetic quality and all dating is some
reflection of the mating Instinct so if
you can show that you're good at
anything could be music or sports or
thinking or making money or really
anything um you could just be funny just
whatever it is or if you're lucky you're
just tall you're just tall uh or you
could work out at the gym and be
stronger you know the Joe Rogan
approach and if you can display any of
that stuff people will naturally be
drawn to you and want to mate with you
because they can't help it it's the most
persuasive thing you can do is to
demonstrate that you're in the top 10%
of something in front of other people
all right I'm going to develop a theme
here and you're going to love it
I'm not going to tell you what the theme
is until we get to it I'll just give you
the stories and tell you what theme you
saw and the reveal will be fun Story
number one axio says food is bad for you
so new research is showing that junk yet
junk food isn't just bad for your health
it's bad for your brain it makes you
dumber and more addicted just like
alcohol or nicotine I don't think
anybody's surprised by this are you is
there anybody here was hearing for the
first time that eating junk food all day
is going to be bad for your brain well
there's some science behind it so if you
didn't already know that
and some scientists according to the
Wall Street Journal are um they're
actually proposing a new mental health
condition called ultr processed food use
disorder basically a mental health
problem caused by your
food just think about that we now know
that food makes you
dumber that's like scientifically
accepted food makes you dumber if you
eat the wrong food if you eat healthy
food but you know maybe makes you
smarter or doesn't hurt you and they
tested those who had junk food for
breakfast didn't perform well on
learning and memory tests so what you
eat can make you
stupid science number two remember I'm
going to put it all together keep hold
in your head junk food makes you stupid
okay number two wokeness is bad for you
there's a study that says woke attitudes
are linked to anxiety depression and a
lack of Happiness of
course what did I just tell
you if if you're woke you think you're
either an oppressor or you're a
victim and what's that doing for you is
that making you feel good when you're an
oppressor do you feel oh I'm so glad I'm
an oppressor or do you feel maybe a
little guilty about it if you're a
victim do you think oh yay look at me
I'm victimizing all over I'm the victim
no no but what happens if you do what
Joe Rogan did and you just go get good
at something especially something scary
that other people are afraid of well
then your mental health is excellent so
Story number two being woke is bad for
you makes you anxious depressed and
unhappy happy do you think that you
think as well what do you think if you
were anxious depressed and unhappy would
your brain work as well as if you were
mentally well I don't think so I don't
think so so in other words eating junk
food will make you stupid and being W
woke will make you
stupid via the yeah anxiety depression
and lack of
Happiness Story number three birth
control
um is getting a lot of push back Ashley
stclair on the xplatform is going at a
hard showing anecdotes of women who had
bad experiences on birth control because
it messed up their hormones but when
they got off they realize oh my
goodness I you know I could lose weight
I could feel happier and everything else
and so Ashley's on the um I don't want
to say war path what's the what what's
the actual respectful way to say
somebody's working hard
activist anyway she's working hard to
get people to understand that maybe they
should ask some more questions when they
talk to their doctor I'm not saying all
birth control is bad I don't think she's
saying that either I think she's saying
that there may be a lot of symptoms to
them that we don't know are coming from
them and that maybe you should be more
aware that if you get on the pill and
gain weight maybe it's the pill if you
get on the pill and makes you depressed
start asking some questions maybe it's
the pill um as Ashley points out if you
go to your doctor and you say you have
those symptoms what are they going to do
take you off the
pill not today no they're going to give
you uh
um medication for your mental health so
first they'll put you on the this this
would be Ashley's perspective first they
put you on the pill gives you mental
health problems not everybody and you
know we're talking allegedly here um and
then your doctor rather than take you
off the
pill is going to give you you know ssris
or whatever the hell it is and
anti-depressants now you got two
problems yeah it's just going to make
things worse all right so how do you
think your brain
works if your Chemistry your B your
basic body chemistry is off do you think
your brain makes as good at decisions
because some say it makes you more
emotional and burst into tears and stuff
like that now do you think that's
compatible with you know good good Cal
decision- making probably not probably
not so it could be that the pill makes
you less capable of making good
decisions there's strong evidence of
that I would like to make a side point
that at the same time the male
testosterone levels are falling that
more women are getting on bir control
and so 300,000 years of human evolution
just got thrown under the
bus what what is it that makes a human
male and a human female attracted to
each other it's their chemistry
literally the chemicals in their body
their brain follows the
chemistry so the brain might say oh
you're not attractive but really that
just follows the natural biology it's
it's not your brain making the decis
ision it's your Chemistry so if you're
super super jacked up on testosterone
and you're crazy
horny everybody in the bar looks pretty
good you know what I mean so it's not
your brain deciding what's attractive
it's your body then it tells your brain
same with h women their their sexual
preferences we know can be completely
changed by being on birth control or not
so we've got I you can even go back
further from humans who millions of
years of evolution that that created
these male and females who had a certain
chemical signature the men had high
testosterone and the women had whatever
you have when you're not on the
pill then we changed both of them we
changed the men to low testosterone we
gave them junk food and then we put the
women on the
pill now are you real surprised about
the lack of
reproduction are you real surprised that
we're not banging each other like
crazy do you see that there's no way in
the world that we would be as attracted
to each other as we were before
testosterone dropped before we all got
fat and before the pill there's not not
really any chance that we would be
attracted to each other at the same
level because we evolve to be attracted
with that very specific chemical
signature and then we use science to
change it or we use pollution to change
it there's a little of that too whatever
is happening with the testosterone I
don't know anyway let's put it all
together so food is making you stupid
being woke is making you
stupid taking birth control is maybe
making you
stupid so if you were a
uh fat woke woman on
control how you
doing well it turns out that fat woke
women on birth control are the primary
people who are controlling the country
right
now and maybe that's
suboptimal you see how I pulled it all
together if you see a fat woke woman on
birth control you should ignore
everything she
says because science tells you that
she's too stupid to listen
to too
far is that too
far all right that's probably too
far but thank goodness we've got social
media to help us with our mental
problems um so we've got Tik Tock making
us doubt our
genders
so have you seen how the people doubting
their genders is going through the roof
that's a Tik Tock effect do you not
believe me that it's a Tik Tock effect
now here's the funniest story about Tik
Tock I love this
story so
for several years at least four years
I've been telling you that the real risk
with Tik Tok is persuasion and that even
if they haven't used it they built a
platform where they can just push the
button and tons of persuasion will pop
out now a lot of people for four years
said H yeah no free speech free speech
is more
important and and I you know kept saying
no no it's persuasion it's persuasion so
then we got to the point where there
there was this anti- Tik Tock bill that
was being considered in the house and
what did Tik Tock do as soon as Tik Tok
was
threatened well if you don't know this
this is hilarious so Tik Tok put up a
message to his users that you know they
were going to lose their platform and
they should call their
representative so the the phones of the
Congress people just rang off the hook
and every time they answered it it' be
some crying teenager saying oh you're
trying to kill all my fun I'll kill
myself if you take away my Tik Tok do
you think that that worked to convince
the Congress people that Tik Tock is not
trying to use its persuasion
Powers so Tik Tock created instantly a
massive
persuasion um effect in the country
directed it entirely upon the Congress
while the Congress was trying to decide
if Tik Tock is
capable of mounting a massive persuasion
campaign by pushing a
button
that really
happened and apparently it backfired
because the people in Congress who were
saying I'm not sure so sure this Tik
Tock thing is so dangerous and then they
found out that they couldn't use their
phones because the phones were just
jammed with persuasion there was so much
persuasion happening to them personally
and their office directed by Tik Tock
that they changed their minds allegedly
well we don't know but it sounds like
that's part of the
story so I think we reached the
point where we understand Tik Tock is a
persuasion problem and that's been
demonstrated to our complete
satisfaction all right I know what
you're here for you want to talk about
the new hoax let's call it the bloodbath
hoax shall we I I woke up this morning
to hey there's a new hoax because
everybody tells me when there's a new
one
let me tell you what's different this
time
around go back to
2015 do you remember the simple times
before before Trump
2015 were there any people in the public
or many of them who spent their entire
day debunking the news itself so that
you know what was fake news and what
wasn't at least you would know what the
the signals are you would know who the
people are who always do the fake news
you know you'd know if you see Schiff or
swell or John Brennan or Clapper that
it's it's a an OP it's just fake news
now remember in 2015 that wasn't so
obvious was it do you know what's
changed there is now a network of
dads and moms you know I like to use a
dad thing but I'm not excluding you know
the highly capable women who are part of
it I I always show Molly way into any
conversation of people who are just
really good at what they do so just
throw her in there if that makes you
feel more comfortable as
well but we now have a almost a a second
I don't know what to call it's almost
like a branch of
government almost it's like a
self-organized branch of government that
only exists to tell you that the news is
fake and how the whole operation was
done so for example there are people
like me who can explain what a wrap-up
smear is I can tell you that when
there's the one secret source that
that's never
real I can tell you that if it's this
group of people that means it's an
intelligence op but I'm not the only
person doing it would you agree that
everybody from Elon Musk Mike cernovich
uh you know Jack babic Steve Bannon
there's there's this whole industry that
grew up in the last five years or so
dedicated to only telling you that
you've been lied to and how and and you
Mike Ben is a big part of the
understanding how the you know the big
octopus works and who's really in
charge everything is different now isn't
it the the moment this hoax came
out everybody we put it on a list I
literally just updated my hoax list and
who's the first entity that I saw um the
others I'm sure did it but NB BC news
says former president Trump vowed at
rally there would be quote a bloodbath
if he's not reelected in November now
you would not be surprised that this is
taken out of
context you but now we know that NBC
News is really not legitimate news uh
and somewhat specifically NBC News and
MSNBC they're their little cousin and
that they're really part of intelligence
and Democrat Ops basically
and so when they take it out of context
it's sort of a signal to the other media
that this is the new hoax so the spring
hoax is here I think there's going to be
a much bigger summer hoax but the spring
hoax is
here now the real context is that Trump
was talking about how the Auto industry
got decimated by past policies and that
the blood bath would be an economic Bad
Blood bath under another Biden term so
it was never talking about physical
violence that was never the context and
it was never talking about what he would
do rather it was the opposite if he
wasn't there there would be a blood bath
so he wasn't saying I will bring you
know my my Angry followers to kill
everybody if I don't win he was saying
nothing like that he was saying if I'm
not there the Biden Administration will
do an economic Bloodbath
so that's what it really said so uh I
immediately updated the hoax quiz update
how many of these do you still believe
do you still believe the Russia
collusion hes the steel dossier hooker
story The Russ's paying bounties on US
soldiers Trump called neo-nazis Fine
people Trump suggested drinking bleach
to fight Co Trump overfed the koi fish
in Japan Trump cleared the protesters
with tear gas for a Bible photo Hunter
laptop was Russian disinformation
elections were Fair because no C found
any major forward January 6 was an
Insurrection to overthrow the government
Trump tried to grabb the steering wheel
of the Beast border patrol agents
whipped illegal border crossers Trump
stored nuclear secrets of Maro Governor
Whitmer kidnapping plot Trump mocked a
reporters disability government spending
to subsidize green products reduces
inflation Trump invited Nick fenes to
dinner at Maro Twitter gate was a dud we
learn nothing new or worse and Twitter
doesn't Shadow ban Twitter Say speech
got worse under M under musk Derek Shan
killed George Floyd NATO funding hoax
Trump vowed there would be a bloodbath
if he's not elected
or if you like I could break out
separately just the Russia hoaxes
themselves all right now just the Russia
hoaxes you will notice that I should
have added some of the Russia only
hoaxes to the general hoax list so it
would really be much bigger but here are
just the Russia specific
hoaxes Russia collusion hoax the
original the Russian bounties on
American soldiers Russia laptop was
Russian disinformation Trump responsible
for nal's death Trump invited Russia to
attack NATO countries because they
didn't pay their bills FBI informance
for the Biden bribes his Russian spy
probable hoax Putin blew up his own
pipeline hoax knew the Trump is
romantically attracted to Putin Russia
is behind the antix mo movement alpab
Bank hoax Hamilton 68 hoax Embassy Sonic
weapon hoax noal died of a blood clot
Russia is losing in
Ukraine now that's something we couldn't
do in 2015 could we we didn't have a
name for a story taken out contact
now we do it's called a rupar and as
soon as the story
hit massive number of people said it's a
rupar it's a rupar they did it again
they also said here's the new
hoax because people like me and people
like you have called out all the plays
in advance and we know for example that
there will be a big Crisis coming you
know maybe something with Taiwan maybe
another virus so that they have some
reason to cancel the election or do them
you know do something to the election
that would give them some advantage to
win
so uh the uh and then there's a whole
everything about the pandemic hoax yeah
the everything about the pandemic the
the only reason I don't include them is
that there's
still some medical disagreement the rest
are really you can tell that they're
just hoaxes the medical disagreement I'm
trying to stay out of that um for all
the obvious
reasons all right so given all those
hoaxes at least our history is real am I
right at least history is
real I mean maybe it's fake starting now
but all our old history totally real for
example the JK JFK assassination we know
that was real because we've seen the
zuder film
so not much to say there right we saw it
with our own eyes I mean it's right
there in the
film so uh so there's a series called
The Octopus murders is out and one of
the claims is that people have seen with
their own eyes the quote the real video
and that the one you see the zuder film
is a
fake and that the real murderer was the
driver of the
car who turned around and in plain view
which is shown on the film that these
people say they saw you see that the
driver turned around shot Kennedy in the
head and that when you slow it down you
can see the bullet coming out the gun
and going right through his
skull now if you look at the zuder film
you say to yourself Scott sacot there's
no way that that's
fake but did you know that the driver
didn't
react so the driver of the car is
driving the president a bullet a shot
run rings out the president's head
explodes behind him and the driver keeps
driving that's the one you saw does that
sound
right and then you look at the tree
behind the
car and it doesn't have a
bottom that's right in the zuder film
there's a tree right behind the
limousine where the shot was fired
there's no bottom to the tree it's just
floating like it's
edited now I'm not going to go so far as
to say I believe that there's a real
film and that the zuder film was fake
there's a little too much there that I
would have to believe number one I would
have to believe that they were good at
doing that kind of stuff in the
60s I don't know that they could have
done that good of a fake
video in the
60s do you think they could is there
evidence that they were that good back
then so so that's my first question you
know even though there seems to be a
floating tree that too could be you know
an illusion of the film so it doesn't
mean it's floating it might be might be
something in front of it and it's not
obvious or
[Music]
something um but if if the one we're
seeing is not
fake it raises the question
um how in the
world did these people see one that was
fake because the people who claim they
saw the the the quote real one they
claim um that it looked you know it
didn't look
faked so if the people who claim they
saw it are telling the truth then we can
conclude that the technology to fake a
film existed because either they were
shown a fake or one we were shown was
the fake and they both looked real to
some people so that would suggest if
they're telling the truth which is the
big if um that we did have the
technology or at least somebody did if
they put enough work into it um did you
hear what uh Trump said to judge
napalitano I may may have said this
yesterday he the reason that Trump did
not release the um all the files about
the JFK assassination Trump said and I
quote at least this is Judge
napolitano's quote from Trump is that if
you saw what I saw you wouldn't release
them either now the only thing I can
imagine that would prevent you from
releasing
is knowing that it was all fake and that
our team did it and that even the video
was
fake I think that I probably wouldn't
release that if I were
president I think I think that that
would be so destructive to the the minds
of Americans that that our entire
history was fake because it
was it would suggest that our presidents
maybe before Kennedy but certainly since
have been selected by the intelligence
Community which would suggest it's still
happening which would suggest if you
knew that and you're the president and
you somehow got lucky because they
didn't know to cheat enough and you w W
by accident which is what some say is
the case with Trump that they weren't
ready for him to win by as much as he
did because the polls weren't accurate
that time the one time they weren't
accurate and or at least for the
presidential election and uh that Trump
might be the only person who knows for
sure that our Republic was never real
when he ran for office and it was just
the biggest weird thing in the
world
so that's something to chew on that's a
good Sunday story well there's a uh
startup that's working on trying to make
uh AI super intelligence you know the so
so-called AGI or artificial general
intelligence now that would be different
from the llm models which are very
clearly just you know computer programs
the AGI would be able
to um reach judgments but then test them
and correct them they could test them
and then correct them now I've been
telling you forever that's my definition
of Consciousness where you can imagine
what's going to happen and then you
check it against what happened and
that's
Consciousness imagining what will
happen then you note what does happen
and that's it that's Consciousness
there's nothing else to it and so
there's one company building a model
they think can get
there um
but I don't know how you could build
real intelligence that look like the
intelligence humans have unless you gave
it biases here's
why oh somebody's telling me the zuder
film didn't come out until 1977 when
Dick Gregory got a copy that everybody
thought was suspicious that he got a
copy that's
interesting so by 77 they were actually
doing
some some manipulation of video
H well when did Star Wars come out about
the same time Star
Wars anyway
um so I think that that artificial
general intelligence is impossible
because we mistake our own sense of
certainty for intelligence but our
certainty is based on bias not
intelligence it's just we don't know
it oh so Star Wars and the zuder film
came out at the same time roughly the
same
time okay well and uh yeah and kubri
okay got it got it well that's a big
coincidence isn't it what about kubric
somebody think he's thinks he was
involved with the zuder
film we got all kinds of conspiracy
theories in comments kind of fun all
right so that's my take my take is we
will never build super super
intelligence because the thing we think
is intelligence in humans is actually
based on our
bias not our intelligence that'll make
more sense
later um I love the uh Elon Musk Don
Lemon uh drama now I I went on record as
saying that I don't believe the Don
Lemon
contract demands that were
reported um I saw that the big account a
Alx Alx or Axl Alx I think uh real good
follow uh has generally very reliable
information but is pretty sure that the
story is true I'm going to still say
it's
not so so smart people have confirmed
that the story that Don Lemon asked for
you know crazy things um is smart people
are saying it's true but I haven't seen
the source and the agent still says no
way it's 100% false so I'm going to say
false even though very smart people
disagree with me and they could be right
you could be right so when smart people
disagree with
you the the best way you can be is to
say you know what maybe maybe they're
right this time when dumb people
disagree with you then maybe you can get
a little arrogant right
uh but Alx is a pretty solid solid
account so if he disagrees with me he
might have some sources I don't know
about possibly doesn't want to name his
horse so I would say you shouldn't trust
me too much on this one because there's
a good solid there's a solid mind on the
other side of it so take that take that
full context but Elon Musk said uh uh to
somebody else's comment about Don Lemon
asking for the moon
allegedly uh must said yeah we dodged a
lemon for sure he is beyond entitled and
his show is
unwatchable so Elon Musk went from being
his biggest promoter you know
effectively with the xplatform giving
leban a big opportunity and then that
all fell apart and now his show is
unwatchable and I think it's true I
think I think Don Lemon threw away the
biggest opportunity I've seen in a long
time because all he really had to do is
not be
crazy that's all he had to do you know
what the xplatform was already to
embrace him I would have watched his
show and I would have loved it if I saw
some Evolution away from the CNN
craziness but apparently he decided to
just package up the craziness and bring
it with him so maybe it wasn't CNN maybe
it was him uh and that just didn't work
you know x x is just not the place the
craziness works and it fell right away
Stephen A Smith who's making news again
uh because he's saying the truth to
people who don't hear it a lot so uh
it's important to the story I hate that
I have to say this but if you don't if
you don't know who he is uh he's a black
man who is saying that Biden is waging
lawfare against Trump because he can't
beat
him now I don't think Stephen A Smith
has ever been identified as anything
like a Republican so that's what's
important that he's
black no no indication he's ever been a
Republican and he's telling his audience
which is important right because his
audience is pretty broad he can get to a
lot of people because he's a sports
guy and he's just basically telling you
that the Biden Administration is using
lawfare against a competitor I that's
pretty brutal there there are people
hearing this for the first time because
their new sources just don't tell them
so Stephen A Smith you are
officially an internet
dad welcome to the club an internet dad
an internet dad is telling you what news
is real and what is fake and what you
missed there he
is internet dad and I and you know since
I do that that role myself I probably
have a higher opinion of it than I have
would otherwise but do you do you accept
my uh frame that there's an entire
almost a shadow form of government that
formed since 2015 and now Stephen Smith
A Smith is part of
it you know by actions not by joining
any club or anything but by his actions
he's joined the people who have been
around long enough to detect you know
 from reality and he's decided
that he will spend some of his personal
Capital to try to fix this situation you
can see it in real time I don't have to
read his mind to know that he knows he's
putting his personal reputation really
on the line this is very
brave right for consider his what he
does for a living he's a sports guy the
sports guys really need to appeal to
everybody they they can't you know be
political it just doesn't work but he's
saying the this is too important it's
not really even political you know you
can make it political but the thing that
the internet dads do is it's not about
the politics it's about what's true
helping you know what's actually true
and he's doing that and so good for
him I could not have more
respect for a human
being than when somebody makes it and
they decide to go back and help you out
you know at at Great personal expense
and that's what he's
doing let's talk about the alen brag
hush money case so the case is that
somehow Trump did something
illegal in paying hush money to Stormy
Daniels however as Kyle Becker points
out in a uh excellent post on X hush
money payments aren't
illegal so what exactly is the case
about if it's about hush money
payments but they're not illegal at
least in New York
and so I guess the story is that Elvin
brag and his winged monkeys got together
and they decided all right how can we
make this sound
illegal so they're going to make it
illegal by maybe saying that the way he
recorded it in his financial records was
not accurate so they could get them for
inaccurate recordkeeping
even though it is listed as an
expense so the expense is the right
expense and it is being used exactly as
the tax code
requires it just might be written down
as something
else and that would be enough to put him
in
jail
so how do you uh so what would make it
illegal is not just falsifying the
records because records could be you
know a little sketchy and it's just a
misdemeanor but in order to make it a
felony which is what they need they've
got to say that he swi that he changed
the records to cover up a
crime but the thing he's covering up was
never
illegal so they so it looks like they're
just inventing a crime out of nothing
because it's lawfare and because they
can so I don't know the details of this
I think there's some of it that still is
is the actual are the charges actually
public I was a little unclear because I
was reading some older stuff do we know
exactly what the nature of the charges
are from Alvin Bragg in the hush money
case because I don't know exactly what
the charge is and does Trump I don't
know if he knows exactly does he well I
need I need a fact check on that if you
get a
chance well do you think the uh summer
crisis will be a
war so so there's a report that Biden
has deployed some uh US troops in
Taiwan first of all is that true I don't
know Green Beret and Taiwan maybe
because I would think the Green Beret
would normally don't they go in when
you're helping somebody defend against
another enemy don't they organize the
population that's sort of what they
do so it would seem that we're preparing
for a
war and uh maybe Biden will give us a
big scare about Taiwan as a reason to
cancel the elections or change something
in the elections or give them some
Advantage
well there's a study found they found
that uh more than uh this is from data
Depot on X that's an account uh 2023
survey found that more than 55% of gen
ZZ um believe that racial minorities in
the US have no hope for Success because
of racism
no
hope 55% of gen Z thinks that racial
minorities have no hope for Success
because of
racism um but apparently that's been
going up every year so starting with the
Boomers only 22% of them thought that um
racial minorities have no hope Gen X
came next 34% think minorities have no
hope Millennials 50% and gen Z 56%
why is that going
up correct me if I'm wrong but every
single piece of objective information
would tell you that things are way
better for minorities than ever
before and yet um the Gen Z's believe
it's the
opposite than the obvious reality what
would cause
that what would cause so many people to
think that reality was the opposite of
what it is well of course it's CRT and
Dei and Tik Tock and the whole victim
mentality this is pure brainwashing and
you can see it here uh very
clearly now how much of this is Tik Tock
well let me ask you how many of gen Z is
reading the New York
Times where where are they getting their
information from they're not getting it
from you know CNN and the mainstream
news they're not getting it from a
they're getting it from Tik Tock so this
is a really clear indication that Tik
Tock is influencing
people um incorrectly inaccurately in a
very divisive
way so it's exactly what it looks like
so let me correct this here here's the
reframe that would check that would fix
it all
uh no matter what the level of
discrimination is you can make it go
away by doing the things that all
successful people
do so whether or not this discrimination
that they talk about is a real thing or
not a real thing you can reduce it to
zero in your life in a practical sense
not a not a specific you know literal
sense but in a practical sense you can
reduce it to zero how would you do that
well if I were let's say a black man a
young black well say a young black child
if I'm 10 years old and I'm worried
about discrimination and I want to
succeed I would do what I did and I'm
not a poor black child but everybody who
succeeded did it the same way they they
look for what works and then they did it
uh at the time uh studying in school and
getting good grades and going to college
pretty much guaranteed a good life when
when I was that age would you agree
that you know in my uh youth if you went
to college did okay you know had you yet
a serious major not a crazy one your
odds of doing well are basically
100% 100% now I had massive racial
discrimination did
fine right you you know my story it was
fired from well I had to quit but um two
very two corporate careers I lost
specifically for being white and male
and my boss has told me that
specifically and it still didn't stop me
because all I did was I just kept
applying the same process of success
that everybody successful does I talked
about the Joe Rogan thing where you just
make sure you're good at one thing so it
builds confidence I did that made sure I
was good at a few things build
confidence I built a talent stack I paid
attention in school and when I got jobs
I showed up on time and did what I was
supposed to
do real basic stuff you know I I'm not
good at networking but I did a little
bit so I just did all the things and
when something didn't work work out I
switched and I tried something else and
I kept trying things until something
worked which is again a good process for
Success when I grew up in my tiny little
town of Windam New York the first thing
I did when I could do it is left CU I
knew that the opportunities there were
small so I went to San Francisco where
they were big and sure enough that made
a difference
so why is it that nobody's learning
that these are all the things that I
thought everybody learned but apparently
not and the reason is it's not on Tik
Tok I guess just not on Tik
Tok um Scott is 1110th as rich as if
he'd been promoted to the yeah so it
looks like I did well because you know
Dilbert made me Rich but I guarantee I
would be a lot richer if ID stayed in
the corporate world because I would have
ended up in um I would have been in the
height of the dot bubble and I was right
around silicon belly and I would have
gone to one of those companies if I
decided to stay in the business
world so yeah think I would have done
better actually
um all
right what would it mean for uh bite
dance to divest Tik Tock I haven't seen
the smart people talk about this yet so
let me start the conversation so the
idea is that if this ban got passed by
the Senate which I don't think it will
but if it did what would it look like
well suppose they wanted to sell their
American Business what are they going to
sell what are they going to sell they're
not going to give their code
away you know that right there there's
no scenario in which bite dance says all
right here's the code we use for our
entire platform but since we have to
sell you a little bit of it we're going
to give you the same code that works on
the big
platform that's not going to happen is
there anybody who thinks that's going to
happen because that would give a
competitor literally the source code to
the larger company there is no chance of
that happening in no world can that
happen all right here's another one how
about the the
employees if they devest of the American
Business which employees Go With It none
none they they would all stay at bit
dance bite dance the employees don't
have to go anywhere they could just stay
working for the main company which I
presume would be the smart play don't
you think so if you can't divest the
people and they might not even have an
American Division I don't even know if
Tik Tock has like does Tik Tok have
developers who only work on American
audience they might but it might be you
know three people or something uh so
there's no staff per se that's the
American Staff because it's just a big
product that works the same for
everybody
and there's no way you get the
code so what is it that you're
divesting well I would like to suggest
this the one and only thing they could
devest would be the
customers they would have to sell the
customer
information which is kind of weird isn't
it since the problem with the problem
with bite dance was privacy but you know
privacy to an adversary is different
than privacy to American company here's
what I suggest for
X here's my business suggestion if I
were X and I don't know if this is a
good idea this this is a brainstorming
so if there's if you see an immediate
problem with this don't be too surprised
but just shout it out in the comments I
think this makes sense if I were X I
would say Tik Tock might go away and
because it might here's the deal you
automatically have an account on x
and it's the same name that you're using
on Tik Tok your username but it adds the
letter X at the end so if you disappear
be U from Tik Tok with your businesses
and all your your followers and stuff
you can always recreate it by just
demonstrating that you're really the
person who owned the original account
and then you can just bring your
credentials over and you're
automatically in business on X now it's
not the same experience but you could
imagine also that you could bring your
friends over so let's say your your
account was X and you add a th followers
well it brings the thousand followers
over but only if those people also
populate their new accounts so it would
be a nothing if they don't but if the
other people also come over and they
grab their name plus X account then they
would automatically be linked as
followers just the way they
were now Instagram could probably do it
better because I have reals YouTube
could probably do it better because I
have reals or you know some version of
the same thing but how hard it would it
be for Twitter to just say bring your
traffic here we're not going to pay a
cent don't buy anything just don't buy
anything so you could bring your traffic
here if it goes away now there should be
something that they could buy in in the
perfect world I do think the
customer uh information should be
sellable
uh it' be like Vine yeah somebody saying
that it would be like uh exad Vine and
they could bring that vine back it
wouldn't be the hardest thing so there
and now ask yourself this
question um why have you not seen
anybody yet talk about how could you
sell it or how could you divest it I
haven't seen that conversation have you
somebody needs to ask what it is they
would divest if it's not people and it's
not the source code it's just the
customers and how would you do that how
would you just sell the
customers well it would require bite
dance to say we will just turn off these
accounts on a certain day and it would
and if they could sell it it means they
could sell who follows who and and that
information as a package and then
somebody could just recreate it on
another
platform Rumble offered to
host for the divesture yeah I mean
finding a server is not the hard part is
it so Rumble has her now competitive
server farms uh competing with I think
does it compete with uh Amazon it does
right I think it does
anyway so that's interesting uh
apparently there are huge demonstrations
in Tel Aviv asking for the resonation of
Netanyahu which as we know Biden
Administration has sort of suggested
that they'd be happy if Israel changed
out their boss as the amuse account
points out it looks like this is
probably our own intelligence people who
have somehow uh covertly created what
would be called a color revolution in
Israel so it looks like from the
outside it looks
like the United States is doing a coup
in
Israel is anybody else seeing it that
way it looks
like the US is doing their normal coup
the same way they do it in 80 other
countries same way it's done in our
country you know when they need to
retake
control but is that really happening
right in front of us I mean my brain is
having trouble holding on to the idea
that right in front of us the United
States is overthrowing
Israel but that is happening right am I
imagining that am I am I going too
far now here
again is the internet dat effect and I'm
going to throw the amuse account and I
don't know who that is because it's a
Anonymous but on X there's an account
called amuse which is highly recommended
end wokeness another one highly
recommended and they're internet dads
they're basically telling you what the
news isn't telling you and getting it
right and getting it right it's the
getting it right that's the important
part otherwise it would just be
conspiracy theories but I've never seen
anything like
this and did you know that in 2015 Obama
and Biden did fund a
group to unseat
Netanyahu apparently we know
that that that there actually was a
Biden prior plan to fund a
group to do a coup in Israel essentially
a legal
coup so it's really different now so we
we can call out all the fake news we
know which entities work for the
intelligence operations we know what a
color Revolution looks like because
we've seen so many and now we can watch
it unfold right in front of
us
incredible all right
according to the spectator Israel's
Finance Minister says the cost of
rebuilding Gaza is quote not my
problem and then people said what how
can you say that you're destroying Gaza
how is it not your problem to rebuild it
to which I say what ex what exactly did
he say
wrong why would they why would they
destroy it just to rebuild
it they're not going to rebuild
it why would you even think that that's
the craziest the craziest idea in the
world is that they were going to do a
military action and then you know fix
what they broke that's not going to
happen why would they do that they don't
want Gaza to exist the way it existed
before I don't know what's going to be
there my guess is a lot of nothing I
think there's going to be a whole lot of
nothing there for a long time and I
think they're fine with that because if
you just rebuild it it's just Hamas just
reconstructs and you're right back where
you were so to
imagine that Israel ever plan to spend
their own money to rebuild the very
threat that they're trying to
destroy
why of course they're not going to pay
for it now if some other country has
decided to bankroll the
Redevelopment Israel might allow that to
happen under you know strict
conditions that they control but no
Israel's not going to pay to redevelop
Gaza that'd be
crazy on their on their side it would be
crazy all right um but let me say just
because it's a big old woke
World um because I tell you what I think
is likely to happen you might think
you're seeing my opinion of what should
happen I'm not conveying
that because my opinion of what should
happen is compl completely irrelevant to
this
situation I don't have any
control uh I don't have any persuasive
ability and my opinion would have no
value so I just don't have one I'm just
going to tell you that Israel is going
to do what it has the power to do and
considers a way to make themselves safer
we're just watching our opinions don't
have anything to do with
this um cernovich was Tweeting or
posting that uh half of male suicides
are people with no hope uh that based on
somebody's estimate that there was one
expert who saying that half of all the
male suicides he sees are not people who
are mentally ill they are people who
have calmly and cooly looked at their
situation and thought it couldn't
improve now cernovich gives you the best
advice you'll ever get on this topic if
you feel by the way I'm going to save
some lives right
now really I'm going to save somebody's
life at least one person and I say that
just because of the number of people
watching right so let's say you know
counting the replay let's say 50 to
100,000 people listen to this some
number of them were planning to off
themselves because unfortunately that's
just the way it works with big numbers
and there's somebody in that group I'm
just going to save but I'm not going to
take the win for myself I'm going to C
of it is going to take the win because
I'm going to give you a
reframe that could make that go
away it goes like this here's what uh
here's what CNO says take more risks
you're already
dead I could stop with that but here's a
little
more
um and here's what I'm adding to it uh
and by the way this is the reframe that
has literally kept me
alive the only reason I'm still
alive is this
reframe that when it looks like there's
just no way you'll ever be
happy increase your
risk it'll wake you up right away so
increase your risk of embarrassment
first because that's the one that
doesn't kill you and if you think you're
going to you know you think you'd be
happy or dead well your option
unfortunately I hate to say it but your
option never goes away but you can at
least challenge the option by saying let
me do something I would never do so you
walk up to the hottest person that you
thought you could never approach and you
say to yourself you know
what I mean I'm basically a walking dead
person might as well have some
fun so you go up and you're perfectly
calm you're perfectly confident because
you don't have anything to lose you got
nothing to lose and you walk up to that
super hot person that you could never
get and you say hey I've been watching
you you're incredibly beautiful how
would you like to give me your number
maybe we can go
out most of the time that person says no
thanks I'm already in a relationship or
something like that but every once in a
while somebody says you know what nobody
ever asks they just assume I'm not
available which is actually a problem
that beautiful women have Sher used to
say that when she was young
that uh people didn't ask around when
she was single CU they just assumed they
weren't in the league and then some
Bagel Shop guy asked her out and she's
like thank God and she she dates The
Bagel maker for a long time but that's
how the real world works that's if if
you think the Share story is interesting
because it's so unusual that's the
opposite of what I'm saying what I'm
saying is that's normal is that the
people who take the risks get Rewards
that's how the world works the people
who take the
risks get the
rewards you you just have to take smart
risks if if the risk you're going to
take is doing
heroin uh I think that's a bad one
that's a bad one don't do that if the
risk you're going to take is that you
started a a new business or changed jobs
or uh told your boss to f off or ask
somebody out or you know you became an
activist for something those are all
risky all R well you've seen my career
right you you've seen me take
risks let me ask you
this when I got
cancelled do you think I was in a good
mood that day before before I said the
things that got me canceled ask yourself
that
question what was it that triggered
me it it was this it was
this it was me waking up that morning
and say you know what it I got
nothing to lose because I wasn't happy
and when you're not happy you got
nothing to
lose and so I said to myself you know
what I'm going to increase my risk
substantially because I think it needs
to be done I I think I think the point
of view I expressed needed to be out
there and that the world would be better
for it but I was pretty sure it was
dangerous now like I said before I
didn't think necessarily I'd be canceled
that day for what I said that day but I
was very aware that I increased my risk
intentionally how did I feel that day
and how did I feel after I got
cancelled sad not even
once nope was I more happy or less happy
than when I woke up that morning more
happy I was more happy I was completely
alive when the entire world
collapsed on my head I've never been
more alive I never had a bad
minute I like the
attention I love the fact that they
couldn't tell my story without putting
my message out there and that's what I
wanted and I said to myself if I crashed
my entire career just to get that out
there just to get that point of view out
there
good uh good I'm there for it and every
part of the process I've enjoyed it
completely energized me creatively you
know creatively I'm on the best streak
I've ever
had and it allowed me to start you know
lines of business republishing my book
working with Joshua lysc and uh we're
you know now I'm going to republish my
calendar with anthon middle person I've
created an entire new business model for
publishing and I'm doing this and at the
moment you're watching Tik Tock about to
be
banned and although there were a lot of
moving
Parts I've been working on that for a
long
time now do you know how much I'm
going to get if I'm part of cancelling
Tik Tok is that free
nope
nope I got a lot of explaining to do if
that gets canceled lot of explaining is
it worth it
absolutely absolutely I like the
attention I like the
energy it makes me feel alive but only
because I think it's the right thing
because I think it helps the country it
helps individuals that is the energy
so somebody watching
this was having a bad
day weren't
you and as soon as you heard this you
said to yourself whoa that's a
reframe why don't I increase my risk
again don't do physically dangerous
things now if the physically dangerous
thing you're doing is you know maybe you
get a mountain bike or something that's
probably okay you know you take a sport
that you might get injured you know but
it's a regular sport that might be okay
I wouldn't go to extreme sports that's
bad risk management but it's very good
risk management to increase your risk of
things that won't kill
you so in all
likelihood there are there's at least
one person who listens to this either on
replay or right now who just said I'll
be
damned I could just change my whole day
I could just do the I could make the
phone call I was afraid to make I can go
try to make a friend with the person I
thought was going to turn me down I can
start the sport that I thought I would
suck at I can pick up the hobby that I
knew I'd be terrible at and embarrass
myself I could go talk to somebody that
I'd be too shy to talk
to shyness is a big
one if you could just cure one thing
your
shyness your social anxiety how much
Social Anxiety do you have if you think
your life isn't worth living it all goes
away trust me I I know this one this one
I know from
experience social anxiety is you still
thinking that you're worth something
that's where it comes from if you think
you're worth something then you worry
that something could go wrong in a
social situation so it's the worrying
something we go wrong that's the whole
problem well you don't worry that
something's going to go wrong if you've
already given up on you know being happy
just walk into that room and take it
over walk up to the you know the alpha
people in the room and just jump into
that
conversation put in your your Pat them
on the back shake their hands move on go
talk to the prettiest person in the room
or the most
handsome go shoot your shot ask for a
phone
number make it
hurt make it hurt
everything good comes from the
pain so if you're not feeling anything
and you think your life is over go make
your hurt but make your hurt right make
your hurt smart make your hurt in a good
risk-reward
way this is Mike cernovich saving your
life that's why we do this that's why we
do it not for the specific thing but the
reason the internet dads are dadding is
to save your
lives that's what we're doing and we're
willing to put our necks out to do it
that's why we're here and that ladies
and gentlemen is the conclusion of
today's amazing
show
and I expect to see you back here to
tomorrow every one of you same time same
place bye for now and I'm going to close
this stream and then I'm going to open
up a new stream for the after show just
for the local
subscribers uh the rest of you have got
enough of me today but uh locals people
this stream will close going to open up
a new one look for that right away in
about a minute bye for
now
e