bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum
oh what a terrific morning it is a great
one today
you're all gonna just love the next few
moments we spend together like you
always do good to see you all
Michelle Jordie Jim pleasure but before
we get going before we get to all the
good stuff let us enjoy a little thing
called the simultaneous it doesn't take
much to participate no doesn't all you
need is a cup or a mug door glass and
snifter stein challenge tankard thermos
flask canteen Grail goblet vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that dopamine the
end of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous sip go ah it might be
my imagination but I feel my
mitochondria getting stronger I think it
was the simp he might be feeling that
too all right let's talk about a few
things
so lately and I think yesterday even I'd
been saying that I was skeptical about
all these stories of China killing
people to make transplants available for
other people the people that they would
be allegedly killing were prisoners of
some sort political or otherwise and I
said to myself really
they're keeping people alive and then
just taking their parts and giving them
to other people
and my my take on that was mmm
that doesn't sound totally right and
then as is often the case and by the way
I talked about this in my book lose you
think what one of the tips in this book
is if you don't know how to do
something right try doing it wrong in
public and watch how much free advice
you get I do this all the time you see
that probably probably a dozen times if
you watch this periscope well one of the
things that I did wrong in public
apparently was my opinion that the
Chinese organ transplant story is
probably more BS than true and that
attracted that attracted a lot of a lot
of advice and information so here's my
current thinking of it
so what I'd heard was and this was the
part I was skeptical about that the
reason people believed this was
happening
all these killing people just from their
organs is that the schedule before
getting an organ over there was so short
and I thought to myself that's it that's
all you know all you know is that it's
easy to get an organ it could be other
reasons one reason could be it's not
really that easy you just heard it was
or it was easy for some people who paid
a lot of money to go to the top of the
list maybe you heard it's easy but it's
not really easy so that was my
assumption is that probably just the
information is wrong because it seemed
to me that you would have some kind of
you know direct direct observation
somebody would say oh yeah we do it at
this hospital or something like that but
I heard some stories yesterday I'm going
to just put them all together for you
and then you can decide whether China
has a ongoing massive operation to kill
people on demand for organs all right
here's what you need to know a few years
ago I end of mine needed a heart
transplant so I learned a little bit
about the system if you're on the list
to get a heart transplant you don't
necessarily get the heart just because
you're at the top of the list and one
becomes available because there are
other variables one of the variables is
how far away you are and how quickly you
could get to the hospital for the
operation so my friend who was not at
the top of
and not really even very close to the
top of the list probably would have been
dead in a year or so got lucky and I
hate to say that because his luck
depended on somebody else dying in just
the right place at just the right time
so he gets a phone call and they say we
got a heart come in then and we'll put
you on the table right away and he goes
and he was so he could drive at that
point you know he was hard it was
failing but he was still reasonably
functional he had his car and he said
alright I'll Drive right in and they
said no we're gonna send an ambulance
time at time is so critical that we
don't want you driving your own car here
and won't be fast enough we're gonna
have an ambulance meet you at the
restaurant where you're eating and it
will take you directly to the hospital
put you right on the table all right
now that's not at all unusual that the
timing is so critical that you can
actually move to the top of the list
just by being in the right place and
having the right characteristics that
make you ready for the operation
here's another fact I learned do you
know what you can sell an organ for and
fairly in China
it could be over a hundred thousand
dollars for an organ the major organ
how many parts can you get from one dead
guy you can get a lot of parts right one
dead guy could sell one organ for a
hundred thousand dollars how much is the
entire Dead Guy worth what a million
dollars something like that but let's
cut it in half let's say a dead guy if
you were selling that dead person's
organs maybe half a million dollars what
is half a million dollars worth in China
well half a million dollars worth a lot
anywhere would people do things illegal
for half a million dollars and remember
that's just one body if this is
happening the way it's alleged it's a
whole operation one of the stories I
heard is that somebody who was a
an Oregon tourist went there to get a
kidney but had some kind of
compatibility issue and so had to get
another operation and another and
another and actually had eight kidney
transplants each one with a new kidney
until the eighth one was compatible and
worked if it's true that China is
killing people undeb and four organs
that one guy caused eight people to be
murdered for their organs maybe they
would have been killed anyway never know
but that's the sort of thing that's
being alleged again I'm just gonna say
alleged until I watch it with my own
eyes but I'll give you the data so as I
often say I think I said it in Wynn
Bigley when you have a situation where
somebody can make a lot of money and
they have a low chance of getting caught
you always have bad behavior there
probably will never be an exception to
this rule huge upside potential gain
financial let's say at a very low chance
of getting in trouble how often does
that cost bad behavior 100% of the time
so we have the set up for it to cause
trouble Andriy percent of the time
unless the government was actively
cracking down on it and all of the
evidence suggests there's nothing like
that happening so you got that so the
money is there the incentive is there
and there apparently is a large supply
of prisoners because there's some
suggestion that the military maybe the
military prisons where at least some
connection to the military have
something to do with it the rumors are
also that the phlume got religious
organization if you can call it that
they're sort of I don't know what to
call them exactly cult religion movement
but the he so the thought is that
they're using the people that they were
oppressing for political reasons their
issues
four parts and cutting them up and
selling them so that's the allegation
now my first thought was well are we
sure that just because people can get
things whenever they want them that
that's what that really means because I
still think there are two possibilities
here all right there's still two
possibilities one is that they're
killing people on demand so hey we
weren't gonna kill you anyway we weren't
gonna kill you before but now we're
gonna kill you because we need your
parts so that's one possibility and
strongly suggested by all the evidence
but there is one other possibility okay
let's see if you can guess what is the
other possibility that would explain the
same set of facts but is not China
killing people just four parts prisoners
let's say there's one other explanation
can you think good and they can't be
already dead they have to be basically
brain brain dead and body alive or or
you kill them just for the parts
otherwise you can't take a dead person
and take their and take their parts and
sell them the parts are no good if
they're already dead that is correct
somebody is guest somebody guest
accurately the other possibility is that
they murder so many people not murdered
but let's say death sentence the other
possibility is that they kill so many
people routinely that they have an
enormous pool of parts because they were
going to kill them anyway so you know if
they were gonna kill them anyway and
let's say in China maybe they don't have
any rights if they're a prisoner I don't
know what the deal is maybe they can
just say well it's wasted parts we were
gonna kill them anyway so in that case
the real the real issue is the genocide
so there are only two possibilities that
I can think of there may be other
possibilities maybe somebody will come
up with one but the two I can think of
is that they're killing people for parts
or there's such a massive gen
that's going on as a routine amount of
business that they're just saying well
we have all these parts underground you
might as well sell them and then again
the people who are saying they can get
they can get organs on demand are
probably rich people so it might not be
that anybody can get a part on demand it
could be only rich people because
they're paying a lot of money which
would mean if you had tons of people
you're executing anyway and you don't
have that many rich people all the rich
people could get apart on demand without
anything happening that would suggest
they're doing it just for the organs so
there's still some question about what's
going on but I think there are only two
possibilities either China is acting
like Hitler or acting worse than Hitler
if it's a genocide then they're acting
like Hiller if it's a genocide in which
they're killing them and using their
parts and selling them it's worse than
Hitler
do you feel me if all he's doing is
genocide that's the Holocaust that's
that's equal to Hitler but if they're
also selling the parts and part of it is
financial might be a little worse so
those are the two possibilities why did
we do business with China why do we do
business with China seriously well by
the way I said yesterday that somebody
reported that Dilbert calm was blocked
in China and then I got a second report
from somebody also in China who said it
is not a third person said it's possible
that both are true it may be blocked in
some places and not in others so we
still don't know if Dilbert calm it was
blocked but if I'm not I'm gonna work on
getting blocked because if you want to
ignore a Holocaust
I guess that's on you and I'm not gonna
ignore it it's given the China killed my
son I think I might mention that they're
involved in a Nazi like Holocaust and
we're just doing business with them like
it's
that's actually happening in your
lifetime you're part of a system that is
doing business with China while they do
genocide on their own population or
they're selling their population for
parts one of those two things and we're
just doing business with them while
they're killing 50,000 Americans a year
where they're fentanyl intentionally
right in front of us no doubt about it
when I say China killed my son there's
somebody asking about this my stepson
died of a fentanyl overdose a year ago
and that fentanyl comes from China
here's a little update do you remember
the story about the big shootout between
the cartel and the Mexican police and
the cartel won the Mexican police had
picked up the son of the of El Chapo I
guess El Chapo son was the new head of
the cartel police pick him up and the
cartel had so much firepower that they
brought in immediately trucks you know
technicals and trucks with machine guns
and stuff that they actually outgunned
the police and the police released him
and then yesterday I found out that the
reason that El Chapo son was picked up
is wait for it he was starting he was in
charge of the fentanyl so the main I
think the main he might have been one in
the main or they mean fentanyl
connection the Chinese fentanyl goes to
Mexican cartels first and then they ship
it into the United States but this guy
seemed to be one of if not the main
fentanyl guy in China so he was picked
up because the American that because the
United States asked for extradition so
he was whatever the legal process is so
the Mexicans were picking him up before
the United States but they got outgunned
now let me ask you this given that we
just saw amounts of fentanyl in the
United States that could wipe out every
person in a state if not the whole
country clearly these are weapons of
mass destruction
the Mexican government is outgunned and
clearly is killing 50,000 people a year
in our country and we know the name of
the guy and probably we can locate some
assets owned by the cartel why are we
not going in there militarily now I
assume we're trying other mechanisms but
I would say we are completely clear to
send send drones in there and take out
as much of the cartels as we walked I
and in fact I would love that
conversation I would love the Mexican
government to say to us damn it to the
United States
why are you defying our sovereignty well
I'll tell you it's because you lost your
sovereignty you don't have any
sovereignty if the if the cartel can
decide who goes to jail and who doesn't
there's no Mexican government why why
should we please the Mexican government
where it doesn't exist and in the cartel
held territories there's no Mexican
government so if anybody wants to
complain about us droning the cartels it
would have to be the car there it is so
so I'm in favor of military action
against the cartels but I'm sure there's
lots more to know then I don't know
let's talk about I tweeted around a
humorous video that appears to be Joe
Biden looking in the wrong direction
while he's on stage speaking as if he
doesn't know which direction he's
supposed to be facing I deleted it
because I was informed that it's
misleading because apparently there was
an audience on both sides of the stage
but only but the camera was only on one
side so when Joe was had his back to the
camera
the the implication was he was confused
and they didn't know which way it was up
but actually he was just making sure he
gave some attention to the people who
were off camera below him so that was a
little misleading but how easily we
believed that Joe Biden didn't know
which direction
the audience was in let me tell you the
oh darn it I think I lost something here
I needed
oh here's here's the worst comment on
you the Ukraine situation that I've seen
this was on the internet and I like to
point this out because when you see
really bad opinions there's they're
somehow entertaining so I give you this
bad opinion for entertainment wholly so
somebody said and it's bad because it
uses sort of a a mocking sarcastic tone
while being a really dumb comment which
is the perfect combination you know cuz
he's acting a little arrogant
and really wrong at the same time which
is hilarious here it is and I'll read it
like an arrogant guy I'm just kind of
curious and just kind of curious uh-huh
why don't you explain to me Scott I'm
just kind of curious when Ukrainian
corruption and potential interference
became a top priority for the nation
it's certainly not one they that ever
gets talked about or that ever got
talked about by this administration
until now right why is it a top priority
suddenly Scott can you explain that why
didn't nobody cared about Ukraine before
but suddenly Scott Scott you're telling
me now it's a top priority what changed
why do we care about Ukrainian
corruption now huh because Biden is
leading in the polls and Biden has a
connection to Ukraine is that not kind
of obvious that if Biden were not
leading in the polls and he did not have
an obvious publicly known connection to
financial goings-on in Ukraine and there
were and there were not some information
about CrowdStrike having Ukrainian thing
I don't know that's the worst comment
about the Ukrainian thing that I've seen
is that
years if you saw this Steve Bannon had
an interview with Anderson Cooper on CNN
and it's really interesting because
Bandhan does a better job than most
people in making his case what happens
when somebody does a good job of making
their case for Trump on CNN did you see
what happened
they Anderson just talked over him
because Bennett was doing this do such a
good job making his case the Anderson
wouldn't even let him talk
now I'm gonna say now what why Anderson
doing was doing was mocking him for
acting as though the real reason for the
Ukrainian situation was we were
concerned about corruption versus the
more obvious interpretation which
Anderson apparently would would back
which is it was done for the election
that it was done just again Abidin I
believe Steve Bannon came really close
to nailing this answer but missed it
because I think Anderson's mocking hit
the target because if you're claiming
that the only reason he did it was
because of corruption in Ukraine you're
not really being credible because let's
face it it is a hundred percent obvious
to everyone then at least one of the big
reasons he was doing it is because he's
running for election against Biden if
you don't acknowledge that one of the
purposes of this in the President's head
can't read his mind but we can say that
we know what his interests are when
running for election it's obvious that
one of the interests is that you'd like
to win an election but here's where
Bannon got it wrong and here's where so
far every single pundit who's trying to
defend the president seems to get it
wrong it's also the president's job it's
perfectly allowed that he does something
most
to get elected if by coincidence it's
also one of the nation's biggest
priorities protecting the election
making sure there's no undue
interference there was public
information about it
you can't ignore public information
about a potential conflict of maybe the
next president of the United States so
while you can speculate all you want
about what the president was really
thinking it doesn't matter it's just
that relevant it absolutely doesn't
matter if his secret thoughts were all
about himself doesn't matter as long as
it's also his job that's our system our
system is designed so the people who
people can do things that are completely
good for getting reelected so long as
they're also the things that the
president is supposed to do and
following the priorities of the job
which he was so nobody has gotten this
right yet and I don't know what's going
on I'm actually kind of confused about
it is there something about what I just
said that has some obvious counter to it
does anybody have you've seen me say
this a number of times now I've never
seen anybody push back in any way that
was even slightly sensible
does anybody have a push back on that
give me an argument against that that it
was it was of course good for his
reelection
and all even except that that was his
primary motivation doesn't matter it was
also his job and a top priority of his
job and he was acting on public
information with an ally using a process
that's well established for this
somebody says I hear this daily
I haven't never heard anybody say it as
a defender on TV or in the media Tucker
said it I missed him saying that I did
see him do a great piece Tucker did a
great piece on AOC which I tweeted
around yesterday you should see that I
was impressed by the writing I assume he
wrote it and it was really well written
and
performed all right so the president has
floated this idea he says quote at some
point I'm going to sit down perhaps as a
fireside chat on live television and
I'll read the transcript of the call
because people have to hear it he said
when you read it it's a straight call
sprayed meaning there's nothing
suspicious going on now all that what do
all the experts say it doesn't matter if
you're a pro Trump or anti Trump all the
experts say don't do that that's a
terrible idea that's the worst idea ever
what do I say I like it kind of like it
here's what's good about it
you ready you and I believe because
we're normal it's the normal way people
think is that other people think at
least a little bit like you do in other
words you think that because you
understand this Ukrainian phone call
situation because you're at least
interested enough that you're on this
periscope you probably follow the news
you're probably into politics you're in
this very thin band of people who are
paying attention to something as
technical as the Ukraine thing and
impeachment very few people are paying
attention at a detail level it's things
they've just heard of if the president
goes on TV and reads his live letter as
a defense obviously the whole context of
it would be here let me show you as
clearly as I can that there was no
problem here and then let's say he reads
the letter Judge Napolitano says that
the letter and the context are
completely impeachable it's obvious when
you see the letter or the when you see
the transcript not letter transcript
transcript e thing I know it's not
technically a transcript but some would
say no that that transcript is totally
damning because in the context of it
you're saying oh you know you should be
good to us
be good to you whatever the wording is
and that it's obvious that if he reads
that he will be convicting himself
because the letter is so damning and
other people say well the letter is
pretty innocent why not why not read it
on TV I think I think maybe nobody says
that actually except Trump here's my
take the same thing that causes nobody
to that causes let's say 99 percent of
the public do not understand the details
of this impeachment Ukraine thing won't
change if he reasons on TV they still
won't understand the details they won't
understand why it matters they won't be
able to connect the dots but here's what
they will do they'll say to themselves
if the president is reading it on
television it can't be bad so here's
what I swear I will go to my grave
claiming that this president is a genius
and I know that I will I will never be
believed so you know maybe on some level
if you gave them a physics test or
something he wouldn't be you know he
wouldn't score in the top 30% or
whatever I don't know maybe he would but
when it comes to this stuff man does he
understand the human mind he understands
how people think like nobody ever did
and I guarantee that if he did a
fireside chat here the things that would
come out of it number one everybody
would watch and he would bring in people
who didn't care anything about watching
the news but they might watch the
fireside chat because it's not exactly
the news and so he would reach all the
people who were not paying attention and
he would reach them before the news gets
to him because remember they're not
following the news that so if the first
thing you saw was the president getting
on TV and saying people are real
concerned about this this phone call so
much so that they want to impeach me
I'll tell you what I'm going to sit next
to my fireplace
and I'm just going to read you the
transcript and you decide now when he
reads that are people smart enough to
make a decision based on the transcript
and their detailed knowledge of the
Constitution and impeachment laws now
now but they're not going to see a crime
if you're if you're a regular person and
you're here and read the transcript are
you gonna hear any criminal activities
they're nothing you're not gonna hear
anything that even sounds a little bit
wrong if you're just a person you know
you're not into politics that much
you're just a citizen so because he
knows that people understand the scene
the show how they feel the fireside chat
is brilliant because he could pull that
off like nobody's ever pulled it off all
right here here's an idiot who's coming
in to say that I'm an apologist these
are the dumbest people and blocked
because if you spend even just a little
bit of time watching my content you'll
know that even in this conversation I
said that the president and all of his
people are totally blowing the Ukraine
phone call persuasion the whole context
here is that so far they've failed on
one of the most important things they're
doing I'm talking about the president's
failure to persuade well so far on this
Ukrainians stuff so that's the context
does that sound like apology an
apologist and now telling them
explaining how he could do a better is
just a description of talent really so I
like that idea
newt gingrich says that pelosi made a
huge strategic error by having the vote
on the impeachment rules not impeachment
itself but just a vote on the rules
because the vote went along party lines
but even worse
two Democrats defected over to the
Republicans and it's generally
considered good form that you don't move
forward with impeachment unless you've
got some buy-in from the other side
that's really basic to the system it's
the thing the framers of the
Constitution worried about that it would
just become a political process so they
tried to make it hard for it to be a
political process you have to have such
bad behavior that even the other team
would say oh that's not bad we can't
even support our own president anymore
and we're not there so by having the
vote they have proven to the public that
it's not legitimate because if it were
even a little bit illegitimate have we
not seen that the Republicans are
willing to break ranks with the
president have we not seen in lots of
different cases that not all Republicans
but there are plenty of Republicans who
are willing to publicly disagree with
this president a lot of different stuff
and if you can't get one Republican to
say this is legitimate and indeed two
Democrats have agreed it's not you've
already lost so Pelosi has already lost
the politics of it and she lost harmed
and I think Newt is one of the smartest
observers of any of this stuff and I
think he nailed it I think she took
whatever credibility she was trying to
put together for this and just
squandered it all on that vote in in the
hope that the public would think
something's happening and something did
happen it was the end of Pelosi
credibility that's what that's what
happened
all right the president and he is rally
I guess was last night he is using
mockery to reframe this Ukraine thing
and I thought it was pretty clever all
right so he was talking about how easily
he's he's beaten other competitors and
the president said this quote
Clinton she was easy meaning beating her
it was easy
Obama was easy I have no idea what he
meant by that the bush dynasty was easy
but sleepy Joe I'm worried about yes so
then I say to myself gee I guess there's
only way one way let's call up Ukraine
for help so he's actually mocking the
the media and his critics for imagining
that after after he's beaten
he's been the bush dynasty the Clinton
dynasty he's wiped out Obama's legacy he
defeated Isis and he's he's he's somehow
whipped up the entire Republican Party
to have his highest approval of a
Republican going from the lowest
approval he's done all of that and oh
and oh by the way Moody's just came out
with a new prediction that he's going to
win in a landslide
so Moody's has a prediction that based
on economic criteria and forget about
policies because they know predict but
based on economic criteria the
president's heading for a landslide no
matter who he runs against no matter who
he runs against Moody's the best one of
the best predictors of political stuff
says it's going to be a landslide
it's only a metally a question of how
big and the president is is basically
mocking the people saying yeah I I was
so afraid of Joe Biden that I had to get
the Ukrainian involved it was the only
way I could win now I do think that one
of his motives was of course the
election but I also think it's pretty
clever to point out that Joe is so
inconsequential he would not be worth it
cheating for it's not maybe technically
as accurate as it could be but
persuasion wise it's very good so to say
one more point here I don't know it was
but oh I was about slow Joe so somebody
sent me a video clip in which the
president is introducing a new adjective
for sleepy Joe calling him a slow Joe
and he he said that Joe is just getting
slower and slower and I think to myself
I think that's more effective now I'm
Twitter people are giving me credit for
saying it should be slow Joe I think I
probably did say that at one point but
I'm not taking credit for the president
using those words I don't think there's
any connection between me saying and him
saying it in this case I think it's just
it rhymes with Joe and he doesn't look
slow and sooner or later that word was
gonna come out well here's the thing a
slow is really devastating there are too
many sleepy is pretty devastating but
slow it's kind of a kill shot the other
ones are would maybe wound him sleepy
yeah that's a that's a good attempt but
I think the word slow yeah I think that
removes all doubt because anybody who's
watching him is worrying to themselves
here's the genius of it they worry to
themselves
is he getting slower even his supporters
are thinking to themselves he I think
he's slowing down so the fact that slow
fits so well with what people are
already worrying about or thinking about
that makes it devastating but slow is
also one of the worst insults you could
say short of actually saying somebody
has a diagnosable mental disability he's
slow it's it's provocative because when
you hear that what's the first one of
the first things you think is wait a
minute
is this an ordinary
in Seoul where you say oh my competitor
is dumb we're just used to that doesn't
be much my competitors dumb or is he
actually saying that there's a organic
mental physical you know part of his
brain is not working up to scale at the
moment and he's slow cuz that's pretty
deep insult for somebody so it's
provocative it's ambiguous people can
fill in and fill it in with what they
they think it means in their own mind
that's always good technique and if it's
what they're already thinking it's
devastating slow Joe let me let me put
it this way when he was called sleepy
Joe
there was a nod there was a small chance
the Biden could have won if he becomes
slow Joe no chance that would that would
be the end of the game in fact that
nickname slow Joe would take Biden ahead
of the leadership on all the polls I
think I think he would drop like a rock
if slow Joe became his his name now
sleepy it turns out this sleepy wasn't
such a good fit because when you watch
Biden does he ever see him sleepy no
because he's in the candidate protection
program where he doesn't do peny events
he actually for his age or even not for
his age but he seems like he has plenty
of energy and he doesn't seem sleepy at
all
so if you watch him and you think sleepy
Joe it doesn't fit because he's that got
a lot of energy on stage he just doesn't
spend a lot of time on stage so he could
focus on his energy but when you say
slow Joe you see that every time but you
can't you can't wipe that off that's
just always there much better all right
did let's see what else we got here boom
bear with me let's talk about the
Democrats
so given given update so we all heard
that better dropped out no nobody was
surprised the better would dropped out
of the race then the question is who
would get his all of his supporters
where would they go
I think Dana Perino said this what
supporters you went to dropped out if he
had supporters but he might have a few
so where do you think they would go like
who is the closest Tibet oh I don't know
I my best guess is they just get
distributed somehow and probably we're
never going to notice so I agree with
Dana on that but there's also news on
Carla Harris Carla Harris is
substantially cut her staff but unlike
Beto she's decided to stay in her at
least our numbers are in the I don't
know four or five percent whatever she
is but let me say this is there any is
there any historical example help me in
the fact-checking while you fact
checkers jump to it here this is the
fact you must check for me right now
has anybody who is running for president
ever substantially scaled back the size
of their campaign for financial reasons
and then gone on to win yeah and I would
say win either the primary or win in the
the general well no let's just say
primary so forget about the general
election
nobody ever scales back their campaign
in the general but in the primary is
there any case of anybody ever scaling
back a campaign and then going on to win
so I see a couple of maybes here and a
bunch of knows well okay so it's a lot
of somebody says McCain did McCain ever
scale back his operation and then go on
to win the Oh a lot of people are saying
McCain okay so that would be a good fact
check I would love for the news to
provide that context for us my my take
on Kamala
now let me remind you that I had a
prediction over a year ago that she
would be the nominee and then go out to
loose in the general election here's
what I did not take into account and in
my defense in my defense
would you agree it was hard to see this
coming
I would never have guessed that she
would be the worst campaigner in the
history of politicians that wasn't
predictable and I was trying to think
how did I get so fooled because the
brief the very brief
I don't exposure to her didn't look
incompetent at all and I was thinking
about that and the places that I've seen
her the most before she was deeply into
the campaign was I would see her doing
her senator job or she'd be sitting at a
desk and she and number one she looks
better sitting for some reason she's not
a good standing president
I mean her her posture isn't good or
something there's something about that
when she stands she's diminished but
when she's sitting she is more powerful
and she's also asking questions she's
prepared in advance and her domain that
she has to navigate is very narrow as
more in her strike zone you know she's
more lawyerly and she can just get tough
she only needs one mode tough lawyerly
sit here look tough and look it looks
like a senator in that mode which is
very narrow she nails it and so I would
see her in that mode and I say we'll
look her in that mode
she looks pretty capable what I did
wrong because I didn't know anything
about her even though she's a senator
for my state didn't know anything about
her I thought to myself well how likely
is that that she could be so good in
these settings but then she would be
terrible in another setting it didn't
even occur to me honestly never once did
I imagine that those brief sniffing
snippets of her where she looked very
capable
were misleading but why were they
misleading because as soon as you take
her out of her
senator lawyer mode cross-examining
where she's really good and she tries to
show personality and connect with people
and do all the things that a charismatic
politician would do she has less of that
than anybody I've ever seen literally
she's the worst I've ever seen now let
me take my lumps this is the worst this
is the worst prediction I've ever made
I don't think I've ever made a worse
prediction for this now you might come
up with some examples of where I've made
worst predictions but I will think so I
don't think so this might be my worst
one now it also caused me to sort of
replay my prediction record to see if I
can figure out why I'm sometimes right
and sometimes wrong and I'm trying to
look for a pattern you know is there a
pattern to what the times I'm wrong
versus the times I'm right here's what I
think when the biggest variable is
persuasion I'm pretty good so the
biggest variable with Trump I think was
persuasion and so I got that right with
Kamala the biggest variable was unknown
to me until now which is that she didn't
have any skill I never would have
guessed she could be a California
senator and have no skill I mean who
would've thought let's be honest did
anybody see that coming if you didn't
already know her it was hard to see
coming so completely blindsided by that
so here's the thing when when there are
variables that are not strictly
persuasion I'm not so good let me give
you an example were none better in the
case of the secret sonic weapon in the
embassies that was a case that to me if
you have a knowledge of masses
areas and stuff looked every bit like a
psychological event so I got that one
right
I think maybe we'll never know exactly
what happened in those embassies but it
does look more and more clear as time
goes by that it was not a secret sonic
weapon all right and that was my first
impression based on what I know about
psychology humans persuasion massive
masses stereocenter when when there was
the Vegas shooter I said before anybody
that he wasn't Isis even when Isis
claimed credit for him I still said yes
I know hisis doesn't typically claim
credit for somebody who's not theirs but
this time they are and I was right no
Isis connection no I did that again
based on basically FBI profile that the
way he was doing it was so on Isis that
he was unlikely to be Isis so I was
writing about that where I've been wrong
when it was when I was trying to predict
who Trump would pick for a vice
president for example because there's a
there's a persuasion element to that but
it also has a lot to do with vetting the
people and do they want the job things I
wouldn't know about and then a lot of
details about what state they might
bring along and all that things so that
guessing or vice president is really
hard very hard all right let's talk
about some other candidates
I watched Warren's speech in this latest
whatever event all the Democrats were at
excuse me and do you see this when she
talks she seems shaky and old and
bleating bleating like a sheep
she doesn't have leader voice she has
voice like this we've got to get some
health care you don't know we've
be bold engage as a healthcare there's
something in her voice that betrays her
age and doesn't sound leaderly and
voices are really important for
leadership you know you have to have a
good voice you don't have to have a a
male voice but you need a confident
voice and she sounds she sounds like an
elderly woman who's complaining about
her prescription I mean she sounds like
she's at the CVS counter and she can't
understand why she ordered one thing but
they're giving her another thing and
that's not what her doctor said and and
she's getting worked up about it so
between that and the fact that her
policies are kind of wack I don't see
her being the candidate well let me let
me back up to another point I want to
say there is rather than saying she
won't be the candidate let me say the
conditions upon which one could become
the kids a have you ever wondered why
Joe Biden is leading in the polls when
he's so obviously the worst candidate in
the field if you ever wondered that now
the answer that you hear in the news as
well it's name recognition the the
public isn't paying attention they've
heard his name they haven't heard other
people's name maybe maybe but don't you
think you would meet somebody who's
supported by didn't by now let me ask
you in the comments have you ever met
one person in real life not on
television but in real life one person
who supports Biden to be President and
and as you're thinking about it
consider your view of the world
somebody said yes surprisingly okay
I I think most of you are having the
same experience I did when I first
realized this which was leading in all
the polls and I've never met I don't
even think I've seen anybody yeah I'll
make it even funnier you want it to be
funnier I've never seen anybody on
Twitter support Biden have you have you
seen anybody who is not part of the
actual campaign or you know part of the
pundit class but just people just people
who are commenting on Twitter have you
ever seen one person support Biden on
Twitter anybody well think about it what
are the odds that he would be the
leading candidate and you've never seen
one person who supports them does that
sound unusual to you let me throw out a
conspiracy theory
what are your a conspiracy theory let me
say in advance I'm not saying this is
true I'll just say it's compatible with
the facts you can you can put the
conspiracy theory on it yourself let's
say there's a deep state hypothetically
let's say there's a deep state you can
fill in the names of who the head of the
deep state is you probably all would use
the same name let's say there's a deep
state and there's it's a little bit
organized what would be their ideal
situation for a president would it be P
Buddha judge would he be the ideal
choice of the deep state I'm gonna say
no here's why P Bert a judge has his own
opinions and I don't think he could be
manipulated by the deep state so easily
what are you gonna do say hey Pete
Buddha judge if you don't play along
with us we'll help you for being gay
good luck
good luck here's the conspiracy theory
and again I'm not saying this is true it
is however compatible with the evidence
and the evidence would be that Biden is
the obvious choice of the deep state
because they can control him do you
remember the there was a thought that
there Bush jr. wasn't a real president
and you know that Dick Cheney was really
the president doesn't this remind you a
little of that situation where the
people who were pushing for Joe Biden
must be the money people right there
must be people with money must be people
behind this stage it almost feels like
somebody wants him to be president
because he's not competent and they can
control him maybe they have some
compromise on him now this of course
conspiracy would require that they could
also control the polls do you think
that's possible do you think the deep
state could control like all the polls
because there are they all they all say
the same thing well that that would be
leap I don't see how the deep state
could control all the polls but I
certainly can't understand why I don't
meet any Biden supporters they do seem
kind of invisible all right so I think
Biden can't win I think Harris can't win
I think Bernie keeps defying all the
odds by staying alive and continuing to
have you know the most vitality in his
and his campaign
if Bernie gets elected or it gets
nominated I feel as though the real
thing behind that would be that they've
given up so if either Bernie or Harris
or Biden if any of the top three
actually get the nomination I would take
that as a sign that the Democrats have
decided to take a by ear you know a Buy
in sports means you don't really play a
real game you just say okay you won this
let's let's move on to the other part of
the tournament and I feel like they
might be getting ready to just let Trump
win because first of all the odds of a
of a recession in the following four
years are much better than a recession
before before an election day so if they
can get if they can get a Republican
president to be in office when some bad
stuff happens maybe that helps them for
next time but let's say that Democrats
as a group or at least whoever funds
them the most and has the most influence
let's say they decided to try to win who
could they try to win with because the
top three in the polls don't really have
any any chance of winning in the general
let's take Budaj edge who I think is
number four now at least in some of the
polls could Budaj edge should he get
nominated give the president a good
fight what do you think do you think
people judge could give President Trump
a good fight in a general election I
kinda do I kinda do
I think that first of all he's getting
better and better and he is he's super
smart and he's refining this message he
would have of course the gay vote
imagine if he will that the that the
vote is really close except that except
the Budaj siphons off gay Republicans
gets I guess mostly the gay Republican
votes that's a little bit of an edge now
I don't know if he would get the
african-american vote so I don't I don't
see any of these candidates beating
Trump but I'm feeling as though Buddha
judge would get really close he could
put up a fight yang I believe has not
shown us enough beyond his his
personality and his common sense and his
you know his signature you universal
basic income thing I think yang doesn't
have the he's not rounded enough I don't
see him making a dent
let's talk about and we talked about
Harris I I would say it would be a
miracle for her to get nominated at this
point just for fun I'm gonna keep my
original prediction in place so you can
see how wrong it is when she doesn't get
there but if the top three were to get
out of the race suddenly people would
start looking at her now let's talk
about Tulsi Gabbard could Tulsi put up a
good fight probably probably here's
here's the problem and I'm gonna confess
something to you that I feel actually
bad about confessing all right so here's
my confession
you know how I've avoided talking about
Tulsi Gabbard and so many of you have
been just bugging the heck out of me why
don't you mention her why don't you
mention her and I've been saying it's
because she's low in the polls and not
relevant and I don't want to spend a lot
of time about something that's not
terribly relevant but her poll numbers
are going up and now now we have to say
okay let's put her in the conversation
and honestly one of the reasons that I
didn't want to talk about her is that I
don't want to accidentally make her
president because she does have the
goods and she she would by far put up
the best fights as far as I can tell
now maybe we learn more about her Bluff
but at this point here's here's the
argument for why she would be the
strongest candidate first of all she's
got a military background second of all
she's charismatic she's she's pleasant
you know people like her she's just
likability thing like crazy which a lot
of the candidates don't have they don't
have likability but let me ask you this
and when you hear it when you hear it
you're gonna be mad
and maybe frightened alright people this
is this is a truth about human beings
people like to solve the last problem
they like to solve you know whatever's
whatever's the thing is bugging him at
the moment
president Trump president Trump has
solved so many problems that you end up
moving down the priority list because
he's kind of taken care of Isis and he's
negotiating with China the economy is
screaming that's our big stuff even the
AIDS is is being eradicated in this
country I mean big big big stuff there
was news today that the opioid crisis is
actually the the deaths of going down
for the first time recently
so the Trump administration is even
making progress on opioids big big stuff
if all the big stuff is taken care of so
much so that whoever comes in after the
president after Trump is going to be
inheriting a good situation
what do you start worrying about once
all the big stuff is taken care of
personality division in the country how
people feel about the country how they
feel about each other how we feel as
Americans our soul our our basic you
know our basic goodness to each other
those are the things that people are
obsessing about because President Trump
is by far the best president of all time
and he solved so many problems hate to
say it it's true he solved so many
problems he kinda doesn't need a second
term all right having said that so this
is the the pendulum theory the pendulum
theory is that we've spend so much time
arguing about Trump's personality that
we all want to break from it so it would
it would suggest that even some
Republicans maybe many want to break
from the one thing that they're just so
sick of which is talking about his
provocations his tweets his personality
who was the candidate who is the least
liked Trump's acerbic personality is a
Bernie the least like Trump now Bernie
is red and screamy and angry about
Warren know she's yelling screaming and
angry how about Biden he's slow we don't
need to worry about him
how about Buddha judge but a judge is
serious and angry that's not really
quite the antidote to Trump Harris is
sort of hard-nosed prosecutor doesn't
connect with people it's not really the
solution to Trump's personality you see
where I'm going right assuming yang is
not not quite the public's choice tulsi
gabbard becomes the one person in the
race who personality-wise feels like the
solution she feels like the antidote for
however many years of Trump it's like
can we just get along
can we just well how about how about a
little bit of Aloha are you exhausted
yet how about we just be nice to each
other for a while
yeah how about we work it out and so
that's the thing you don't see coming
the thing you don't see coming is people
try to solve the thing that's bugging
them and what's bugging them is no
longer Isis what's bugging them is no
longer the economy what's bugging them
is no longer a lot of stuff because
Trump took care of it but what is left
is the fighting that the people getting
beat up on the streets the anti far they
you know the make America great again
the people were just you know tired of
it all
the antidote is the person who is the
most unlike that and that happens to be
Tulsi now she can also peel off some
Republicans which most of the Democrats
could not do a Democrat in the race will
get all of the Democrats I don't even
think it matters who it is you know
whoever the Democrats run for the most
part they'll get almost all the
Democrats so the only person you should
have to worry about is somebody who
could get a few from the other team and
Tulsi is the only one who could do that
now
could she be trumping in the in the
general I doubt it I don't think so but
she would be the strongest candidate now
here's the question think about this who
who are the big-money people giving
money to or who were most people giving
money to the top three in the polls who
have the least chance of beating Trump
and the people lower in the polls Tulsi
and Buddha judge probably have you could
put up the best fight I think all right
so that's what I think that's all I got
today I'm gonna be doing a little travel
this week because my book loser think
drops on Tuesday you can or pre-order it
now which would help me a lot I had
heard a lot of reports from people
saying that Amazon was canceling their
pre-orders because it was unavailable
it's not unavailable we made a lot of
them there's plenty of books and amazon
has all they need so we don't know why
amazon has apparently cancelled the
number of pre-orders there's probably
some story to it but there's plenty of
supply and if you were to buy it this
week it would help me the most because
that's what gets it on best seller list
so I would certainly hope that you do
that everybody's going to be talking
about it the next week I'll make sure
that I should be on a few Fox News shows
hope to be on the Greg Gutfeld show so
look for me there
and some other shows to be determined
I'll be on Fox and Friends as well so
look for me there and my periscopes this
coming week might be unpredictable so my
my timing for the coming periscopes
might be off a little bit but I'll try
to do at least one a day the pub
somebody says I don't believe this Scott
you said Tulsi is a non contender in the
past when her polling was 1% I said she
was not a contender at the moment
because everybody else is so bad that
situation has changed so when the when
the situation changes sometimes I
changed my mind
what do you do alright that's all for
now and I'll talk to you later