but mm-hmm
ba-ba-boom hey everybody I'm back and
this time I could be talking about
events in the news the president drop
all of your favorite topics yay and I
come with coffee again in case you
missed my first periscope this morning
with dr. Shiva you should catch up on
that if you want to know a lot about the
healthcare costs was very enlightening
and now please join me for the
simultaneous sip
grab your beverage your mug your chalice
here it comes
mmm for some of you that's the second
one today
even better well I'd like to start out
by saying that I am Spartacus if you
probably also a Cory Booker destroy his
political chances by claiming claiming
that he was Spartacus or like Spartacus
by breaking a rule there wasn't even
breaking a rule but the the biggest
problem that Cory Booker has is he's
sort of Google ID you know I don't know
if you noticed but on camera he's sort
of like this all the time and I would
not like to make fun of anybody look
because we should not be choosing
politicians based on look except that we
do sort of pick politicians based on
look so how they present themselves is
indeed part of the conversation and his
wide eyes make me think there's
something wrong I don't know exactly
what it is but he seems too happy and
his eyes seemed to googly eyed so I
think Spartacus who's who gave himself a
it's very convenient that he started off
by giving himself a nickname so
Spartacus and Pocahontas may be running
for president anyway let's talk about
let's talk about the New York Times mole
the mole who wrote the story for the New
York Times saying that there are people
within the administration who are
managing the president by doing things
like taking documents off his desk and
other clever things that underlings do
to manage their bosses now here's their
there are a number of contexts that are
left out of the New York Times story
that would completely change how you see
it so you could keep all of the same the
same you know writing that's in the
story but just add some context and it
completely changes the first context is
that the person who wrote the story
believes that he or she and I'm going to
tell you later I think it's a he knows
more about how to run the country than
the president and the way it was
reported and the way people are talking
about it it's as if that's a reasonable
claim but here's the context who would
have advised the President to do
anything he's done so far almost nobody
almost nobody let's take the example I
finally got to see the letter that was
taken off of his desk one example I
guess and it was a letter to North Korea
saying that we're gonna cancel our trade
agreements because they weren't fair and
I believe that that was taken off his
desk because someone who thought they
knew more than him more than the
president about how stuff works believed
that that it wasn't the right time
too much trouble etc so should we assume
that the person who took it off the desk
was the person who was right why would
you assume that I looked at it and I
said okay it looks like the usual
provocative things that this president
does it looks like exactly what he
promised to do which is to be tough even
on our allies even on our allies for
trade deals now how can you know how it
would have turned out had he gone ahead
and done it versus having it taken off
of the desk how do we know how that
would have turned out
now if you have been right about all
things Trump from the time that he
announced till today then you might be
one of those people who has a pretty
good idea how things turn out if if the
Trump style of management is taken
forward but if you were someone who was
watching President Trump running for
office and kept saying to yourself oh
that's wrong don't do that
oh no don't do that okay that keeps
working stop doing that okay that worked
but you're never you're certainly not
going to do that okay that worked too
but now after being wrong for three
years straight there's some person who
believes there's somebody who believes
that they knew more than the president
about how things would have gone with
South Korea I don't think that's an
evidence maybe it was a bad idea to sign
that document maybe it was a good idea
to to not sign it do you know because I
don't know all I know is that it's a
president who promised to do stuff like
this got elected to do stuff like that
and so far every time he does
like that he makes it work so it would
be hard for me to assume that the mole
is really working in the interests of
the United States forget about the issue
of whether anybody should be over
overruling the president in this sneaky
way I think most of us would agree
that's a bad situation but the excuse
for it is
yeah we're overriding him but were
smarter than him and we know what to do
when he doesn't know and he hasn't
studied it that's not in evidence we
don't have evidence that the things he
wants to do the way he wants to do them
doesn't work we have lots of evidence
that it does work now if they had said
we're rewriting your tweets or your
speeches or something no there'd be a
slightly different conversation but this
was a substantive policy decision that
is right in the president's wheelhouse
which is negotiating and somebody took
that away from him
allegedly all right now here's a couple
of interesting things I don't know why
we don't already know who this is or at
least the administration because there's
something called style style Amethi or
something anyway it's the it's the
science of studying somebody's writing
and then identifying who they are if
they're anonymous by looking at other
writing and finding similar writing
elements now we don't know if the person
who wrote it was smart enough to have
somebody rewrite it for them or maybe
they you know possibly they wrote it
once and then had somebody rewrite it to
get rid of those tells but probably not
probably not probably it's written by
the original author somebody says style
is easily faked not really you can fake
parts of it for example you could say I
think I'll put that word and loadstar in
there and that's going to make people
look at the vice-president
so you can do surfacey stuff like that
but the looking if somebody's style gets
down to how long are their sentences you
know when do they use adjectives there's
a whole lot of stuff that I don't know
that you'd even know how to how to fake
so I'm guessing that it's the original
author most likely we can't know that
for sure the next thing is can you tell
the gender of the author if you read the
piece most of you probably saw it give
me give me a guess not based on who you
think probably wrote it but just on the
style of the writing can you pick out a
gender I will take a sip while I look at
your answers the gender is Dale
that's a funny answer I've seen one
female answer a couple more females but
more male no now I'm seeing women hmm
okay so let me let me tell you my
experience so I've probably received I
don't know maybe hundreds of thousands
of messages in my career from strangers
very often I don't know who it's coming
from until I've started reading it now
the number of times that I can
accurately determine whether a message
is coming from a man or a woman before I
see the name and before I have any overt
cue of who it is
it feels like at least 90% of the time
it actually feels like 100% of the time
but I'm going to knock it down to 90
percent for this discussion it feels
like I can identify gender 90% of the
time now if I if you said how do you do
that I haven't really looked into it
enough to know well it's because I'm
seeing this or I'm seeing that or
whatever it is but my take is there's a
male writer
but not necessarily a manly man it might
be a younger let's say not an alpha male
so that's just my guess male but not to
alpha let's say somebody who's not big
on hunting just against so you can
compare that against whatever we find
out later
the other interesting thing is that Rand
Paul has suggested lie-detector tests
now let's let's assume that they can
narrow down the suspects to a manageable
group and other people I think I saw
Anderson Cooper point out correctly that
that lie detector tests are not a
hundred percent reliable and in fact
they're not even reliable enough to be
allowed in court so you can't build a
court case based on a lie detector
result yet lie detectors are used quite
widely
I believe the FBI uses them so there are
lots of context in which lie detectors
are used and yet we know they're not
completely accurate and you could argue
how accurate or not but let me tell you
a little bit about lie detectors so you
get a better idea lie detectors do work
when people who are the subject of them
believe that they work if you know that
they don't work or you've been trained
and had to thwart them then you're not
going to get as reliable an answer but
if somebody thinks see you can tell with
your magic device that they're lying
indeed they're they're variables will
spike because they think it works and
then it becomes self-fulfilling now is
that good enough what I've told you so
far to find and identify for sure or
with some good likelihood to who the
mole is not by itself but consider this
probably more than one person knows who
wrote it right probably more than one
some people just now and they're not
talking because this person alleges that
there are other people you know like him
or her so probably somebody knows so the
odds of you finding at least one person
who believes or is worried that the lie
detector works is pretty high you just
have to find one person who thinks the
lie detector works and then they they
get a signal and then the operator says
do you know anybody who who you believed
was involved in writing it Bing Bing
Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing who and then
you've got a name unless they want to go
on record as being a liar who says that
who seems to know who it is but won't
tell you that you know it's probably at
least close to a firing offense so if
you find somebody who who indicates they
might know who it is then you start
talking to the people closest to them
and you might say hey does your coworker
Bob also know who did it
Bing Bing mean maybe mean talk to Bob
Bob did you write it no mmm
do you know who wrote it Bing Bing Ming
Ming Ming Ming so I think you could
triangulate on the writer by finding
people enough people who believe it's
real who also know who wrote it so
although there are no hundred percent
guarantees with lie detectors the odds
that you could narrow it down and get
closer to the truth
pretty good pretty good probably a 60%
chance it would make a difference just
off the top of my head all right so
that's just a fascinating little thing
we're watching here's the other context
that people leave out so I read and then
I reread the moles are
opinion piece in the new york times and
i keep reading it looking for the
damming parts but i'm not quite seeing
them and of all i'm not really seeing
the damming parts i see you know that
the opinion of the writer that the
president is you know not fully engaged
and not competent but that's the opinion
of just about every underling who isn't
getting their way right in any normal
situation you've got a boss and there
are various people who are trying to get
their way people who are who are you
suggesting various things and that
bosses is maybe accepting some of the
suggestions and rejecting other
rejections if you're in the group whose
suggestions were rejected well how do
you conclude what that situation was do
you say to yourself i had an idea i
suggested it to the president he shot me
down therefore i'm an idiot in the you
know in the history of the world how
often does that happen no that doesn't
happen people go away and say my idea
was brilliant it got shot down by the
president therefore logically since I'm
such a genius and my idea was so amazing
there must be some kind of mental
problem with the person who turned it
down that's completely normal employee
behavior underling behavior so
everything that I saw in that moles
article about the president looked to me
and by the way I am the world expert on
employees complaining about their bosses
I mean literally I might be the world
expert on listening to employees
complaining about their boss seriously
can you think of anybody who has heard
more complaints about more bosses than
me it's literally my job for the last
thirty years is listening to people
complain about their boss and I'll tell
you I got some context here and when I
look at this complaint about the boss in
this case the boss being the president
it's just routine
so where is that context a totally
routine complaint about a disgruntled
underling now the it's just completely
normal and I feel that a lot of people
are coming to the same conclusion not
because they heard me or because they
have the same context necessarily but
because it's the same stuff they say
about their own boss yeah I think their
own experience might be enough to
confirm that it isn't that far out of
the ordinary now the thing that the news
has picked up on is they in the article
I forget the exact words but it
suggested that early on meaning I guess
early on in the administration there was
some talk among cabinet members about
the 25th amendment
removing the president for being
mentally unfit now here's the thing if
that was talked that happened early on
but it's not talk that this same author
is willing to say is happening right now
what happened what happened to that talk
the article itself suggests that people
were worried early on about 25th
amendment presidents crazy we have to
remove him but what it doesn't say is
that people are still talking about it
it doesn't say that the administration
that there are secret people who are
talking about you know pulling that
trigger so I think the news has taken
exactly the opposite impression from
what is written to me what's written is
they used to be worrying about it but
they're not talking about it because
it's missing
yeah there's no word that they're still
talking about it
it's a big deal and at the same time the
smart people in the news when they talk
about it even the people who are anti
Trump they they kind of quietly say well
okay the 25th amendment really really
isn't about me disagreeing with the
president it's not about his style it's
not about him yelling at people now
here's here's some more context so this
this so-called mul says that there are
lots of people who are fighting hard to
thwart the president's will you know his
preferences there's also reports that he
might get mad and yell at people do you
see where I'm going on this there are
two things reported the underlings are
not doing what the president is telling
them to do and they are actively
thwarting him and the president gets mad
and and flips out on people his
employees for not doing what he wants
them to do let me say for the rest of
you Thank You mr. president
for getting in the faces of people who
are not doing what you want them to do I
think that's why he was hired right
I imagine if you'd heard it the other
way imagine if this had been the story
there's a whole group of people trying
to thwart the president and actively
undermining him and he probably knows it
and he's fine with it
he's okay with that would you be
comfortable with that how comfortable
would you be with a president who didn't
get unhinged at that kind of behavior
you put me in that job you put me in
charge of the well-being of
whole freaking country and then you have
my underling come in and not want to do
what I tell him to do what I got elected
to do which I've been doing for three
years and it's been working what am I
going to do to that well by the
time he leaves he's gonna be afraid he
was you know he's gonna wish he had
never been born I am gonna be so unglued
at that for not doing what I
need him to do that he's gonna report
that I'm unhinged and you know what I'm
gonna do to the next that
doesn't do what I want him to do I'm
gonna get even more unhinged I'm gonna
get as unhinged as you freaking need me
to do because I'm in charge of the
country the whole frickin country and if
you know if these if these idiots come
in and they're not willing to do their
jobs not doing the would you know the
will of the people I'm gonna get pretty
frickin unhinged you know I'm gonna go
nuclear I mean not nuclear bombs but
nuclear attitude toward anybody who's
not doing their job in that context
should never be unhinged or triggered
well when I say that the president acts
unhinged I mean it in the same way I
would act unhinged emphasis on act
remember the president is trying to
persuade people to do more or to do what
he wants and to not thwart him if you
need to ramp up your your yelling your
attitude your level of intensity to get
that done you do that you ramp up your
intensity to whatever level it takes to
make something happen differently
because if you ramp it up this on you
well I don't want to get unhinged but I
would really appreciate it if you do
what I wanted to do what's that gonna
get you same thing you had before
probably no penalty you're gonna make a
serious penalty to anybody who is not
doing what you want so when I read this
report about the president
you know going off on people at the same
time I'm reading a report that they're
actively not doing what he wants and the
only example they can show me is this
letter to South Korea that I have no
idea was a bad idea did that look like a
bad idea to you how would I know all I
know is that people weren't doing their
jobs and he came unhinged on them thank
you that's what you should be doing get
a little more unhinged on those people
please the firearm if you can if you can
find them then there's the stories of
the president flip-flopping that he'll
you'll say one thing impulsively and
then say the next thing the next day how
much should we be worried about that
well I'm a little bit of soft on that
because I'm a big flip-flopper myself it
is my way as well to toss out ideas see
how they you see how they're received if
people come back to me with a little
pushback and it's something I haven't
thought of before I'm gonna flip-flop
and if somebody comes back with an even
better idea I'm gonna flip-flop again
should you be worried about that the
president has an opinion puts it out
there people pushback you learn some
more maybe he thinks about it some more
and then changes his mind is that
something to worry about I don't think
so
because that's how I operate and I'm I
defend it as the smarter way to do I'd
be a little bit more worried about
somebody who said well here's the
decision you have new information yeah
doesn't matter
I made the decision or the new
information makes my decision look
ridiculous
well let's just stick with the original
decision what the hell
what are we comparing this to this
flip-flopping the other the other thing
that people blame the president for is
that he doesn't get into the details in
other words he doesn't have a grasp of
some of the some of the details the way
that the underlings to think he should
alright should we be worried about that
I don't think so because the nature of
the presidency is that the president is
never going to have the details that the
onion links have now there should be a
level of detail that the president gets
to what should you expect if you're
president well if it's a Jimmy Carter or
an Obama they might dig into the details
and when they're done would they know
what was the important detail would they
know what mattered because it's not
really about mastering the details it's
about looking into all the details and
picking out what mattered you've been
watching president Trump operate for
three plus years or so you see good at
knowing what matters you've never seen
anybody better do you remember when I
told you the facts wouldn't matter but
persuasion would and and how much
pushback I got on that when I said it in
2015 and everybody kept saying oh you're
crazy facts matter although of course
facts matter to the outcomes but if
you're trying to persuade people it
turns out that you can ignore the fact
checkers three thousand times that's I
think that's the estimate for President
Trump since inauguration three thousand
times and the economy is screaming you
know defense look strong all Lots going
right all right so was the president
accurate and knowing that moving people
emotionally is more important than all
of those facts that we can quite clearly
see did not matter to the outcome of him
getting elected and and even his ability
to manage to some extent look at the
when he was running people said the most
important thing is how much money you
spend or the most important thing is how
organize your ground game is what did
President Trump say
nope I reject that the most important
thing is so often I'm on TV how much I
can capture your attention your
imagination how well I've picked my
topics for emotional impact how much I
tweet how much free airtime I get
everything about that is different from
what normal people would have done and
it worked great so if you look at one
situation after another you see a fairly
significant pattern that the president
has a good idea of what matters and the
people who criticize him do not that
pattern more than any other pattern
you've seen since 2015 kind of explains
your world that the president
consistently looks into the you know
into the complexity and he reaches in
and he picks out the thing that mattered
you know he finds the lever so take the
the South Korean letter that was pulled
off his desk
the people who pulled it off his desk
and no doubt we're thinking something
like this my god the president doesn't
know that there are lots of
considerations there's the political
there's the financial there's a thing
this is connected to but it'll ripple
with all this the president probably and
I don't want to read his mind so I'm
just gonna speculate here to make my
point right this is not mind reading
probably treated this like he treats
everything else and he said to himself
I'm just gonna push everybody for better
trade deals I'll just push everybody and
will and that will be a better message
than if I just push a few people now
that might be brilliant to push
everybody at once which is essentially
what he's doing the underling who pulled
that letter off his desk decided to
micromanage him and say oh yeah maybe
all the other stuff you're doing but I'm
gonna pull this South Korean one out
because
special was it was it special or did it
did it detract from the president's big
picture which is I'm gonna push
everybody it doesn't matter if your
friend or foe if you've got a bad trade
deal with us we're gonna push on it now
even pushing South Korea even in a
delicate time would have certainly sent
that message very clearly how important
was it to send that message clearly
versus the smaller political things that
might have been problematic but guess
what
South Korea really needs the United
States were we going to break up over
that probably not were we going to join
North Korea side probably not did the
president correctly think that it was
more important to make a big big
impression on trade negotiation even if
it touched some allies that we normally
would play nicer with you can't tell me
that wasn't a reasonable strategy even
if we can't predict exactly how it would
turn out so I would say that the people
who are trying to manage the president
from within the administration might be
the people who can't tell what's
important from what is and we have a
pretty long record of watching this
president from the time he was a
candidate and I would argue from the
time he was a business person knowing
what mattered and what didn't so look
for that pattern you'll see more and
more of it
am I still predicting a red wave I've
never predicted a red wave my prediction
in I've only made one prediction which
was nine months ago and I said that the
midterms would be closer than what
people thought they would be back in
January so I'm sticking with that
but no I didn't predict a red wave mixed
house increases effectiveness Oh
somebody's asking if the Congress
becomes mixed and it's not all
Republican would that increase or
decrease as effectiveness I I'm
undecided with Dana Perino who said pre
enough said the same thing that I'm
gonna say right now which is that I
think this president might work really
well with a mixed Congress because
remember this is the guy who will talk
to Putin this is the guy who talks to
Kim Jong hoon this is the guy who'll
talk to the Ayatollah you know if the
Ayatollah was willing so is he willing
to talk to Democrats yeah yeah if he can
make a deal and the things the things
that are left to make deals on scream
for bipartisanship health care screams
for bipartisanship immigration screams
for it so I I do not predict doom with
the mixed Congress I would tenth of the
tentatively suggests that on some topics
might come out ahead on other topics
not so much
Oh somebody says do I think the left is
going to work with Trump well that's the
that's what happens when you have a
mixed Congress if if the Republicans
have all the power you should expect the
opposition to be just a solid opposition
we don't want to give you anything
because we don't have any power and
maybe this is how we can get some power
but if both sides have some power
they're going to need to explain to
voters why they couldn't get anything
done so the you know the the
double-edged sword here is that
Democrats get more power they're going
to have a lot more answering to do and
both sides will need to do some
answering so and that impeachment I have
mixed feelings about impeachment
proceedings this will surprise you
because I don't see any there's no
grounds for impeachment if there were I
suppose I'd have a different opinion but
right now it seems to me that an
impeachment proceeding would be such an
overreach that it would just it would
just be ridiculous
and so I kind of almost don't mind if
Democrats try it just to take it off the
page because I think I think other
Democrats would squash it but at least
we could get get that conversation and
of the men in the headlines let the
Democrats kill it themselves so I'd say
I'd say let the Democrats take a shot at
it the Democrats I think will would kill
it on their own unless there's some new
thing that happens between now and then
too much mainstream media propaganda for
a rational Democratic Party I agree with
that statement entirely I believe that
the media the way it's organized to
prefer you
prefer excitement as has whipped up the
Democrats to the point where many of
them are irrational so it's I'm sure you
could say the same for both sides you
know some some members of both sides but
it really seems like the Democrats are
are in full TDS Trump derangement
syndrome talk about the lowest Trump
approval ratings since the presidency
well of course the macro comment is
beware of all polls the other thing is I
think the the mainstream media is doing
a really good job of persuasion and what
I'm wondering is how long can we go
where the metrics for everything we care
about are steadily going up you know
jobs are better economy is better
defenses better you know the the courts
are better at least for you know half of
the country how long can the president
consistently improve almost everything
except the debt I suppose while his his
rate ratings are going down uh-huh how
long can you do that don't you wonder if
there's some kind of weird breaking
point where you know these graphs are
going in the wrong direction at some
point even the people who are anti Trump
are gonna say okay we did double our GDP
and Isis is gone all right
Oh health care costs go up so health
care would be yeah on the top of my list
of things that are not going right and
and I criticized the administration for
health care quite a bit build the wall
or everything fails well I don't know I
think the wall is being built because
it's it's going to look like normal
incremental progress
when are we gonna see a picture of the
the wall because I know that they
started replacing broken parts with the
new wall right all right you want me to
talk about Elon Musk because he was on
Joe Rogan yesterday I think and the part
that everybody is tweeting around is
that Joe Rogan asked Elon if you want to
smoke a blunt a blunt to being a tobacco
slash marijuana cigarette and Elon took
a hit
oh that was this morning no yeah well
the so Elon made a funny face after
taking a hit and that funny face is the
one that everybody is tweeting around I
don't know that there's much of a story
that the thing is that marijuana has now
reached such a level of normalness that
you know you saw when I was on Joe Rogan
show I also smoked a joint with him
and so it's no big deal if Yolanda's
it's not like nobody knows that he'll I
never did a drug I know I don't believe
there's anybody who owns Tesla stock I
was thinking well that Elon I'll bet
he's never had a drink or smoked a joint
so I don't know that there's any new
information there somebody says I can't
believe you did drugs you mean ever or
just on that show you see a this
morning really I don't know about that
story a blunt is a hollowed-out cigar
filled with weed only so the tobacco
part is actually the the wrapping so the
wrapping is actually still made of
tobacco so but your correction is
correct
Scot still not still does correct yes I
still use marijuana medicinally to me I
don't understand how anybody could use
marijuana as a party drug
I you know obviously people do and you
know I did when I was in college but it
just doesn't seem like that kind of a
drug anymore if I didn't get about
twelve medical benefits from that that
are extraordinary I wouldn't do it will
we ever see ethnic fascism in the USA
I'm gonna say no no I don't think we'll
ever see ethnic fascism is elon good at
persuasion yes was Charlie Manson a
Master persuader clearly clearly he was
what medical benefits sleep apnea so I
sleep like a baby it takes care of my
allergies takes care of my asthma
removes all my aches and pains there's
there's even indication it's good for my
lungs my lung capacity you might argue
with that one but there's some studies
that show that chronic marijuana users
have better lung capacity than people
who don't smoke anything my blood
pressure my stress and general
inflammation now if you put all of those
things together you know if you could
reduce somebody stress blood pressure
inflammation allergies asthma and let
them get better sleep what would be your
overall outcome well your overall
outcome would be you would be the
healthiest sixty one-year-old you've
ever met
me so there are very few people who are
healthier than I am I was asking
Kristina if she could remember and not I
don't know how long we've known each
other two and a half years I think if
she can remember me being sick you've
seen me on periscope pretty much every
day I don't get sick so so he says let's
see the guns all right it's not bad for
my age I make no claims to be fit for a
20 year old I only make a claim to be
fit for my age you sound sick every day
whether it's just allergies so in the
morning I'm not high and I do have
allergies embarrassing so I've talked at
great length about how I've escaped from
the bubble of embarrassment and shame
that I used to live in so I obviously
was quite aware that making a muscle on
periscope would cause you know derision
and mocking and you know insults etc did
that stop me from doing it yeah don't
care you got sick in Amsterdam
did I I don't remember that
alright I will talk to you oh you know
in amps you know what's weird in
Amsterdam I wasn't most of the time I
wasn't smoking did I ever meet Burt
Reynolds that is a funny question
because I have met Burt Reynolds I'm
gonna tell you my Burt Reynolds meeting
and then I'm gonna sign off so many
years ago probably 20 years ago I was a
guest on Good Morning America and I was
in the the green room but apparently
there's more than one green room there's
the green room for people were not that
famous and then they're really famous
people you know that a listers get their
own private room somewhere else so I was
on a day when Burt Reynolds was going to
be a guest on the show either before me
or after me and I'm in the green room
and it's just me and I think my
publicist was sitting there so it's just
a room with two people in it and I'm
sitting there and all sudden Burt
Reynolds comes up to the doorway and he
just I have to do my Burt Reynolds
impression and he just leans in the
doorway he looks in he looks at me he
looks at my publicist
it looks at me and he goes how you doing
and then and then he walks away so that
was my that was my only interaction ever
with with him but it was yeah I have to
say that in five seconds he made me like
him so he because he was you know he
clearly put himself out there and he was
just being friendly to people he didn't
know and I immediately just said I like
that guy and five seconds he made me
like him all right so I said something
back but I don't know what it was just
how you doing and I'm going to end on
that and I'll talk to you guys later