[Music]
hey
everybody uh this is a single topic
Periscope I thought I would hop on here
to Salone news weekend and give you my
plan for a capitalist capitalist version
of a health care plan now here's the
first thing you need to know about this
I don't really know anything about
Healthcare
but neither do you and that's Point
number
one but uh I'm trying to learn as much
as I can one of the ways I'm going to
learn is I'm going to toss down some
ideas I'm going to get some reaction and
maybe we'll all learn something in the
process so what you're going to see is
not necessarily a good idea but it will
make you think differently about it it
will expand the way you're thinking
about the topic and it will probably
educate us all in the process when
people tell me why this would or would
not work now one of the things that most
of you have been following me on
Periscope
know is that I'm unusually good at
explaining things in simple
ways and when you have this sort of
superpower you have the the Spider-Man
problem the Spider-Man problem is that
with great power comes great
responsibility
and as funny as that sounds it's
actually literally
true uh we live in a world in which the
people who have the ability to fix
problems are the ones who do it because
they can and because they feel the
responsibility to do it they're the only
ones who can so if the part if part of
the health care dilemma is that the
public doesn't understand it well and
I'm really good at explaining things I
thought well maybe I'll just jump in see
if I can make any difference I'll try to
explain it to you at least as best I can
and maybe we can all crawl forward on
this at the same same time all right so
the first question I have is just to
make you think a little differently
about the cost I've heard for example if
you listen to Fox News they'll tell you
that the cost of universal healthc care
would be something like 32 trillion
dollar over I don't know 10 years or
whatever if you talk to the people on
the left Bernie you'll say well close to
free now $32
trillion and something closer to
free is not the same movie so there's
something going on here with how people
are explaining to you the problem
there's a big problem if you can't tell
the difference between well might be 1
trillion but you know spread over a lot
of people it's worth it it's close to
free or $32 trillion and will destroy
the entire economy of the planet Earth
not the same movie now let me drill into
this a little bit
more my understanding and I'll ask you
to fact check me this is that nobody in
this country is denied
Healthcare if you if you have some
problem that requires an emergency room
visit or a Hospital stay my
understanding is that that will be
provided to you it's just that you if
you can't pay you
don't so we're not really talking about
covering more people at least for the
expensive stuff and the vast majority of
the expense is for hospitalization
emergency room you know the serious
stuff it's not for the you know the
sprained ankle kind of
stuff so given that all of that is being
paid for
now who can explain to me why it would
cost more to do exactly the same thing
we're already
doing now that should hurt your head if
you've been listening to the Press tell
you that it's impossible to pay for
universal
healthcare think about the fact that we
already have it what we don't have is
Universal Health Care
insurance we actually have Universal
Healthcare so why would it cost more to
have what we already have so really the
first thing you need to know is that
we're talking about where the money is
we're not necessarily talking about
whether you need more of it because
we're already paying for all the things
that anybody is proposing we pay for now
I'm exaggerating a little because the
the routine doctor visits Etc would not
be you know maybe people would just skip
them and now they would go and have a
routine visit when before they would
not but I ask you this do those routine
visits prevent the kind of
hospitalization emergency room visits
that actually cost all of us more
because all of that's being absorbed in
people's private insurance absorbed in
the government's cost comes out your
taxes somebody's paying for it and it's
always the public ultimately it's always
the
public so uh given that the internet is
starting to absorb a lot of the routine
doctor visit stuff you can literally if
you have a smartphone or even a friend
who has a smartphone you can just sort
of look up what you have you can use my
uh my startups Service uh interfaced by
one Hub is the name of the app and you
can contact any kind of expert on there
if and the expert will put a price and
you just charge pay with your credit
card so you could have a doctor if
you're a little more
concerned then you can make yourself
Satisfied by looking at the internet
yourself but you don't have health care
you can just pick up your phone download
the app interface by wub and we're not
the only ones who do this there are
other telemarketing uh services and
contact a doctor and say look at this do
you think I need to go to the emergency
room so the low end is sort of taking
care of itself to a large extent all
right so the real expense is in the
stuff we're already paying for so now
ask yourself do you feel that you've
been duped because most of you've been
told it's going to cost you something in
in the in the many trillions of dollars
to have Universal Health Care when we
already have it we already have it right
so if that's shocking you like you're
thinking well wait a
minute that can't be true why are we
even talking about it if we already have
it it's because people conflate the
insurance with the actual service the
service we're paying for it's already
there it's already built into your cost
right so the first thing to know is that
you've probably been seriously lied to
no matter what source you're looking at
for this topic you probably have been so
amazingly duped about what's going going
on that you have no idea what the the
source of the problem even is I would
say that would describe most of the
public now why are why is the public so
ignorant well let me throw out a
suggestion the normal way that the
government should work is that the
government comes up with ideas and plans
and policies the Press reports on them
the public decides whether they're
persuaded what they like or what they
don't like and then they feed that back
to the government in the forms of voting
Etc polls and voting and so this process
has to work in order for anything to get
done
productively but the problem is that the
Press at least the TV press is probably
true of press in in general wherever it
is is largely owned by the
pharmaceutical companies you can you can
see that for yourself just turn on CNN T
turn on Fox News um the pharmaceutical
companies are the primary big dollar
sponsors for all of them so can the
Press act
independently if they had any opinions
that were counter to what the
pharmaceutical uh industry wanted well
it would be darn hard so we probably
have a business model situation in which
the normal way that things work can't
work so you have to probably depend on
people like me who
do not depend on pharmaceutical ads to
maybe get you past the fact that the
business model is designed to keep you
uninformed certainly about the
pharmaceutical end of it anyway so let
me let me toss that an idea a few ideas
and they're just to chew on I'm not
going to say that these are great ideas
but just chew on them for a while
suppose you had uh you proposed a a
health care policy where set of policies
that were were entirely a aimed at
making sure that the market Works
efficiently so the good Market uh
efficiency is what has given us
everything good in
life uh so why not do more of that in
healthcare and the reason that you can't
do more of it is because Healthcare is
what I call a confusopoly
now that's a term that I invented um
years ago and it's you it has its own
Wikipedia page and uh actual
professional economists use that term
now so it's it's part of the literature
if you Google confuse op you'll see it
used um and I'm the one who invented it
now what that is is an industry that
confuses the consumers to the point
where the consumers can't shop by Price
examples of this are your cell phone
company if you try to compare two cell
phone services you almost can't well not
almost most you really can't do it
because one one is has rollover minutes
and the other doesn't one has a family
plan one has you know they're leasing
this or you're paying for this you need
to ensure this it's so confusing that
any one of those options can't
reasonably be compared to the other so
everybody gets some business because the
the consumer just says I saw a
commercial I'll get this one so they all
stay in business uh if they had to
compete by price because their products
are presumably so similar you now that
coverage is pretty much everywhere the
products are really similar if they had
to compete by price they would all go on
a business because everybody would chase
the lowest price until the price went
down to the cost of of production and
then there's no profit margin right so
cell phone companies are confusopoly uh
insurance companies are largely confus
opies you can't really even tell what's
covered it's hard for you as a consumer
to really compare it to another coverage
you really can't so sales people have an
advantage and if you trust the sales
person or your your insurance broker you
say well all right you seem like a nice
person if you say that's the insurance I
should have I can't tell so the other
confused op is everything in the health
care industry consumers cannot tell what
anything cost cost is hidden from them
um usually until they get a bill such as
a hospital bill for example and even
then they don't read it they don't care
they can't doesn't matter because they
have insurance and the insurance company
is going to pay for it so how could you
fix that imagine if the government said
uh pass the following
laws and just just brainstorming here
suppose the government said the
healthcare industry must have price
transparency and it must be easy to
search on Google Imagine for example
that as a consumer you could tell that
if you just drove for an extra hour you
could get your MRI for 25% less suppose
you knew that to be true would you do it
no because the insurance is going to pay
it anyway so you just go to your local
one
but suppose you also passed a law that
says that all healthc care
insurers have to offer off a discount
for any consumers who find a bargain so
they might say for example we'll pay for
an MRI up to this cost if you can get it
cheaper we'll split it with you because
the insurance company saves money and
the consumer gets a a discount and they
get some of that discount they could
actually make money by getting an MRI
the consumer could actually make a
profit now what would that do to the
price of MRIs in the long run it would
of course drive them down because there
would be enough people who would be
willing to drive that the that the local
one's going to have to lower its
price now you say to yourself but wait
you don't want the government
micromanaging how how big must this
discount be here's the great thing
whatever they want so one company might
one insurer might say I'm only going to
give you 1% of whatever you save by
shopping another might say we'll give
you half another might say we'll give
you 75% of it because we still make
money it wouldn't matter what they offer
because this too would be transparent so
you as a consumer could say why would I
have a health insurer that's only going
to give me a
1% you know rebate for shopping for
lower prices when there's another one
that will give me 75% of course I'm
going to change my insurance company so
as long as you have price transparency
both in the
insurer and at the end product then the
consumer is empowered to um to put in
the extra work to find lower prices and
to make some choices about well I you
know this is the a treatment but I'm
going to try the B treatment first just
to see if it works all right then third
imagine if the government said that I'm
not sure what policies they would need
to change maybe not but it suppos the
government promoted uh consumers selling
their own only their own health care
data so let's say the government said
let's make a market for your healthc
care data and I'm talking about the the
stuff you get from a monitor from a
Fitbit something you would get from you
know sensors that you could put on your
phone something you would get from
keeping a log for for example of what
you eat or how you exercise so you say
look anybody who wants to can just get
an app and start collecting their health
information as much as they want or as
little as they want because each subset
will also have a market you know I could
just sell my uh blood pressure and diet
is just the only two things I sell for
example so you make a market in it and
this Market might be paid for by the
insurers because they might say you know
I I want that data and I want people who
are tracking that data because they're
good to ensure people who are tracking
their data are probably going to be good
customers if you're an insurance company
so I would think that these three
changes would in time solve all of
health care because remember there I
think there are somewhere between 14 and
18% who don't have healthare insurance
in this country that's not a Giant
number 14 18% and and the difference is
how good the economy is so a capitalist
plan would be something like this let's
take that 14% who don't have healthare
and see if we can shrink it by improving
the economy get that down to maybe 12%
just by having a good economy a
capitalist plan for that last 12% that's
only an insurance cost because most of
those people are actually getting the
healthcare uh coverage they're just
going to emergency rooms and not paying
the bill but somebody's paying for that
bill so the money exists in the system
if you can make the system more
efficient and the way you would make it
more efficient is by uh government
regulations that required to price
transparency so consumers could shop but
the health insurance companies would
have to offer a rebate so if the
consumer shops the consumer actually
gets some of that money any any
percentage that they want to because
their cost will be transparent as well
so the the consumer can say well I'll go
to an insurance company that gives me a
bigger rebate because I'll I'll shop all
day to save money and then create a
market uh that's legitimate and has some
standards for people who want to sell
their health care now this is not just
because you could make money at it it's
because the healthc care industry would
get better uh the more information they
have about people's lifestyle and how
that affects their health their health
outcomes the more data they have the
lower health care costs should be
because you'll be able to catch things
sooner you'll be able to tell people to
avoid behaviors that you didn't know
were dangerous before but now you've
learned because you have all this data
all
right this is my set of ideas to think
about today the big problem is that the
healthcare industry is a confused
if the government tries to fix it with
detailed stuff it's too hard and they're
not they're never going to be able to do
it because of the business model of the
press and the fact that their
advertisers do put a set of you know uh
inhibiting forces on upon
them so if you want any kind of big
Healthcare fix it's going to have to be
simple somebody said it just that that
the very moment I was going to say it I
comment came by that said keep it simple
stupid yes what I've described I think
would qualify as super
simple now it might it would be hard to
get the transparency Etc but it's easy
to explain to the public it's easy to
know what that is and it's easy to know
if you're doing it right the execution
will take some time you'd have to
iterate it you know you have to work on
it to get it to a high quality but you
could do that it's just normal iteration
and improve Improvement Cubans do that
really well uh but everything about this
I don't think anybody was confused by it
and I think you would agree that this
would unlock the confusopoly turn it
into a transparent Market Market forces
would do what they do and then that
little 12 or 14% who don't have
insurance the economy will not be uh
damaged by you know stepping it up and
making it possible for them to get
insurance too
so that is all I have for today I'll
keep it short and send me your comments
in the um Twitter feed where you'll see
this you can add your comments there and
then I'll take a look at those later
talk to you talk to you later