boom-boom-boom-boom
hey everybody I know some of you come
just for the humming this would be the
humming portion of my presentation pom
pom pom I'm not even sure if that's
humming that's more like making a noise
there's no name from what I do
um pom pom hey norm those of you getting
your coffee's still getting dressed
commuting to work taking a run on the
beach you know who you are
Joel good morning
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
and you're in time to catch it live yes
it's time for the simultaneous sip grab
your mug your tankard your Stein your
chalice your glass your cup your
container fill it with your favorite
beverage I like coffee and join me for
the simultaneous end well for a time
with not much news happening there sure
is a lot of news happening so let me let
me get to all the important news fast
there's some news about Trump and Romney
getting after each other here's my
analysis of that
Romney don't even care I can't I can't
get interested in Mitt Romney can you
I've never seen a human being who can
suck energy and of the environment it's
like you could put him into a black hole
and he would just make it vanish like
all the energy I'm sure that doesn't
make any sense in a physics perspective
but you know what I mean
I'm just saying Mitt Romney is the most
boring person in all of politics let's
talk about people who are way more
interesting way more interesting than
Mitt Romney did you see Kanye's tweets
from yesterday they were pretty good so
Kanye is back and he's tweeting that
he's gonna be wearing his Maggie hat
he's Trump all day long that was one one
of his tweets was just Trump all day
long and the most provocative one he
said and this is this is Kanye's tweet
not my words he said blacks are 90%
Democrats sounds like control to me just
what do you think he's done with
politics and done with Trump he comes
out with the most provocative statements
yet so here's the funny thing about that
so yesterday Christina and I are taking
down Christmas decorations and lights
and we had we had a lot of them so we
worked for several hours in the
afternoon taking their lights and
packing things up and while I was
working and ignoring the news it turns
out I was one of the biggest news
stories in the country completely
completely outside of my awareness so
because Kanye made the news he was
covered in the the Washington Post and
when he talks about this topic the news
brings me in and they bring Candace
Owens into the story because there's
there's a history of Kanye retweeted
some of my periscopes and of course he's
retweeted good things about Candace so
while I'm taking down my Christmas
decorations one of the biggest stories
in the country is about me I mean it was
about Kanye but I was a big part of the
story it's just a weird hasn't there's
no point to that it's just a weird
experience for me how serious is he I
think he also said I think he also
tweeted 20-24 like he's running and then
the other news apparently he and sorry
he and Joe Rogan are getting ready to do
a podcast which I think we could predict
that if Joe Rogan does a podcast with
Kanye it might be the highest-rated
podcast of all time it might be because
can you even imagine not watching it you
know if I told you hey Joe Rogan has a
podcast with Kanye are you interested
hell yes you're interested you're gonna
watch that podcast so that's coming up
right I don't think they have a time for
that yet but oh my god that's gonna be
fun to watch I think I will watch it
every second of that you saw the I think
you saw that Elizabeth Warren and baito
O'Rourke and I think kirsten gillibrand
all have copied a OCS technique of doing
a live stream from their kitchen but
they didn't all do it right
that's the funny part so the more we
watch a o'seas persuasion game the more
fun it is now I know I know she may not
have the politics you like I'm not
supporting any of her politics I'm just
saying that she's got the persuasion
game because she's made three of the
most important Democrats absolutely just
imitator that is a sign of persuasion if
you can make your competitors and their
kind of competitors imitate you you're
doing something right now here's what
elizabeth warren did wrong apparently
she was going for the folksy just like
the middle class i'm just like you i
think i'll crack open a beer now I don't
doubt that maybe she sometimes has a
beer I mean I don't think it's
necessarily you know lacks any kind of
genuineness but I don't think that's
what the leader of future leader of the
country or a wannabe leader of the
country you should be leading with if
you're trying to be a role model and the
thing you're running against is the bad
role model of President Trump do you
want to lead by drinking poison in
public alcohol any level is just not
good for you why why that just light up
a cigarette you know we talk a lot about
character and you know whether President
Trump is the right role model in
character for a president well I don't
think you can say enough for the fact
that he doesn't drink alcohol it never
has and that he does it for the right
reasons I think that's a big big big
deal and I think that drinking a beer
when you're running for president
drinking a beer on camera you know what
you do in your own time is your own time
but as in terms of the
message that you're sending about who
you are and what's okay to do that is
the wrongness message I could ever
imagine associating yourself with beer
and I get that maybe it makes her more
relatable to some people but it feels
like a mistake to me feels like a
persuasion mistake then my favorite was
a beta or orc now now he was a little
less genuine coming from the kitchen
and he was wearing his v-neck sweater
you know some of you have been watching
me for a while know that I often make
fun of men and v-neck sweaters and
here's why a v-neck sweater is usually
not every time but usually something
your wife dressed you in or your
girlfriend men typically if if men are
single they don't buy a lot of v-neck
sweaters it's it's just one of those
things I noticed a long time ago that
whenever I got into a relationship
sooner or later my girlfriend or wife
would buy me a v-neck sweater it was
sort of like something you do to you
know sort of brand your man as
domesticated so I have a rule against
v-neck sweaters I like me that t-shirt
v-neck t-shirts still okay because your
girlfriend your wife doesn't buy you a
v-neck t-shirt at least not with the
intention of you know managing your look
so beta O'Rourke has no chance of
winning the nomination because he's an
adult white male and they're not really
very popular in the Democrat Party as
Kanye pointed out with his tweet
yesterday the Democrats are no place for
a black man I think I think the
Democrats still have a strong case for
black women so if a black woman votes
Democrat I would say that makes sense
yeah Democrats
our offering you know clearly a bias
toward the female centric types of
topics so if black women vote for
Democrats I would say they've done their
homework and their voting their
self-interest and that makes sense if
black men vote Democrat I have to wonder
if they've done the research because I
think I think that's the group that
isn't being served by the Democrats and
they should at least look into the
alternatives which is what Kanye is
saying and by the way one of the things
that makes Kayne special is that he's
identified the most important source of
power as long as the black voters always
black always vote in the same direction
they don't have any power all they're
doing is there's an automatic vote the
moment their vote is in play both sides
have to compete right now they don't
have to compete there's no point in
competing so Kanye is a correctly
identified a source of power that's
being left you know just abandoned and
there's no reason for it alright let's
talk about temperature adjustments I
tweeted just moments before I came on
here I tweeted an article written by
some people who seem to be very
knowledgeable
it's Berkeley Earth is the organization
and the author of the article was
personally involved with climate change
temperature management stuff and so one
of the questions you often hear from the
skeptics about climate change is that
the the history of temperature has been
adjusted and those adjustments tend to
be all in the direction that makes it
look like it's getting warmer at a
higher rate and why is it that the
adjustments are never in the other
direction
ask the skeptics now I don't know a
first of all that they're always in one
direction that's what the skeptics claim
that's not my claim so I thought well
this would be interesting to see a
scientist acts
to explain their side you know somebody
who's Pro climate change in the sense
that they're with the majority and they
actually have worked in the field what
would they say to defend about all these
adjustments so here's the first thing
you need to know about temperature
adjustments there have been a lot of
them right so it's not a few
temperatures you're they're not not just
a few stations it's it's a main theme of
the temperature history is adjustments
so adjustments are normal common a lot
of it is happening so it's not it's not
a minor point so if the adjustments are
wrong then all of climate change
predictions are wrong if the adjustments
are accurate meaning that their
estimates come in pretty close to
reality then it's very important because
it would indicate that the earth is
warming at a higher rate according to
the majority of scientists and so we
should know that right so I I dig into
this article and you should too by the
way it's one of the most illuminating
things you'll ever see on the topic and
I tweeted it so you can find it in my
Twitter feed and I just weave in it so
it'll be towards the top so what they
talking about is the reasons for why
they have to make estimates and some of
the reasons are this in some cases they
moved measuring devices and it turns out
in a lot of cases there are quite a few
cases where they had the measuring
instrument in one place but for various
reasons they had to move it to some
other place and then they had to do a
manual adjustment to correct for the
fact that the location was different
they also changed the devices so the
type of measuring device you know
there's the old type and the modern type
you know in in just simplifying this and
there are cases where the old one was
replaced with the new one and then again
they had to make some adjustments
to correct for that and then of course
there are you know the concrete urban
island effect right the fact that if
your measuring device is somewhere in
the woods and then over time a city is
built around you this is the
oversimplified version then the the heat
from the city itself and the concrete
would influence your measurements so
even though the world didn't necessarily
get warmer except on that little island
it might over represent the the warming
so you have all these good reasons why
the the past day that had to be adjusted
if you dig into what method they used to
adjust it and you start reading like you
know how they've done it it's a judgment
that's it so so you probably thought
that the climate temperature data that
everyone is using the skeptics are using
it that yeah the the climate scientists
are using it you probably thought that's
a pretty close estimate of what the
actual temperature was but once you
learn how it was done
it's completely unreliable and this is
and keep in mind here's the important
point I'm reading a pro Climate Change
opinion of why the estimates are
reasonable estimates and when I'm
reading that it is so not persuasive
that these are good estimates if you've
lived in the real world and you read how
they actually make these estimates you
cannot believe that these are real
numbers anymore from and and again I'm
not I'm not reading the skeptics I'm
reading the climate scientists
themselves or somebody who was involved
in it hold on a second and
it completely changed my opinion of
these adjustments because if you've
lived in the real world and you've ever
adjusted numbers as I have I've done
lots of financial projections in my
prior careers and if you're estimating
temperature you're not doing science you
they've created that because estimates
are allowed in that in the data
Corrections the fact that they're
allowed at all and that's very
complicated and there's lots of personal
incentive to get a certain answer the
credibility of the temperature data it's
close to zero I actually thought it
before I read this article defending the
data I thought probably it was pretty
good but when you read you read it it's
like oh my god you have to read it
yourself
I can't I'm not going to describe it
just read it yourself and if you're over
I'm gonna make a prediction if you're
under 30 and you don't have much
real-world let's say business experience
you might read this article and say that
seems reasonable scientists made
estimates they probably make estimates
all the time they know what they did
it's peer-reviewed it's probably pretty
good if you're over 30 and the more over
30 the better and you have experience
with big companies and how numbers are
estimated and and how people make
projections and how the human the human
brain works and how big organizations
work if you have that level of
experience and you read this article
about how how how temperature is
estimated in the past you will not
believe in climate science anymore I
don't believe anybody with a real-world
experience can read how this is done and
they wouldn't believe that is even a
little bit credible now this is a big
problem because as I've said before I'm
still on the fence about
a firm opinion about climate change I I
think I agree with the vast majority of
both skeptics and scientists and the
fact that the world is probably getting
warmer
I think they can figure that out you
know there must be enough different
sources that they can figure that out
and that co2 has as a role I just don't
know how big it is so you really have to
read that article all right some other
things are related to that I I had
pinned to my Twitter feed a challenge
for links that are two of them are Pro
climate change being a problem and two
of them are from skeptics and the
challenge was to read both sides and
decide who you thought was credible and
I included a Bloomberg article there
because Ansem graphs showing you how
well co2 fits the temperature curve
whereas other things like volcanoes and
Sun activity and tilt of the earth do
not according to NASA which is what
Bloomberg was reporting and then I read
an article that I think I read just
retweeted that this morning in which
somebody who knew more than I do
dug into the bloomberg reported numbers
and completely debunk them and you know
with an argument that I can't I can't
judge independently but if you were to
look at the Bloomberg numbers and then
the last thing you looked at was the
article debunking how they calculated it
the D bunker is way more credible
doesn't mean it's true
right when I talk about credibility
today or any other day
credibility is not about what is true
credibility is when you hear it and
consume it do you believe it the critics
again and this is the thing that's been
bothering me the most this is the most
important problem in the world say the
people who are on the side that it's a
problem if it's the most important
problem in the world and in fact Bernie
Sanders tweeted I think yesterday
that we should treat climate change like
a world war like that's how much of a
problem it is that's so much resources
and attention we should give it if it's
that big of a problem why is it that the
people who say it's not a problem are so
much more convincing which again does
not mean they're it's true let's talk a
little bit more about this I was talking
well I was communicating yesterday with
a very smart person who invests in green
tech and I won't tell you it is but some
it's a name you would have heard of so
somebody who really knows investing and
really knows really knows that the world
works
so a very smart knowledgeable high-end
you know top-level investor type person
who said to me that green tech has more
promise economically and even in terms
of timing than nuclear power it creates
more jobs and it gets you to you know a
greener stable place than even nuclear
power
now the reason of course is that nuclear
power plants take so long and they're
real cost I think is underestimated is
the argument so that the the benefits of
green tech are may be underestimated and
look real good for taking over the
majority of stuff but nuclear is
overrated
too expensive could take decades to
complete and in the meantime if you
would really put a focus on green
technology you could have you know you'd
have this big safe green technology
industry before you could have your
first new nuclear power plant is that
true don't know how would I know okay
google it but I'm not sure I would know
I would believe what I'm seeing now
let's compare that so that's one very
knowledgeable very successful person who
has invested personally large amounts in
the green technology
which also means he's biased now that
bias may have happened before the
investment but you can certainly say
that after somebody's invested in an
area if they say that area is good after
they put their money in it you
unfortunately have to discount the
opinion because there's too much money
behind the opinion all right so it might
have been a clean opinion before he
invested like that was just he looked at
all the data it was the best thing to do
put his money into it but unfortunately
you and I are looking at it after the
fact
so the investments been made so I go hmm
I want to believe this it makes sense I
don't see a particular hole in it
because I don't have the knowledge to
find any holes in anything like that but
you have to discount it too because
there's money involved now look at the
other side bill gates this is another
story from today Bill Gates wanted to
build a new type of safer power plant
using that our depleted uranium or
something a new type of technology
that's not like the old nuclear power
plants but he was trying to build it in
China because the regulations are too
severe in the United States so China
would have allowed him to use this
technology the United States would have
tied him up in regulations forever so
they just couldn't get there from here
so he wanted to do it in China but
here's the problem the trade war ruined
his idea because apparently he can't get
it done in truck in China now because of
the the trade tensions and he can't get
it done in the United States because
there are too many regulations and so I
tweeted what a lucky situation at the
very time that Bill Gates one of the
smartest investors is saying that
nuclear power is has a you know great
potential which by the way is the
opposite of what the other investor that
I just talked about was says now Bill
Gates is putting his money behind these
nuclear plants
so I've got two people who I would
consider at the very top of being
straight you know straight players like
straight talking credible smart
successful in various fields like really
really top-level thinkers completely
opposite opinions on nuclear but they've
also put their money behind their
opinions so if the opinion came first
and then the money that maybe that means
something different than they're talking
about things they've already invested so
that's a problem because they have money
in it but it's also a positive thing
because if they didn't put their own
money behind their own opinions well
maybe maybe you shouldn't take them as
seriously but both so there there are
serious people who have serious money on
opposite bets one betting the green
technology will always be better than
nuclear at least in our planning horizon
and the other that nuclear is the savior
and we better get behind it
now it turns out that President Trump is
the most regulation cutting president of
all time I think that's probably true
don't you you know you can fact check me
on this but probably we have the most
regulation cutting president of all time
at exactly the same time that Bill Gates
who is no Republican Bill Gates is not a
Republican I don't think he identifies
with a party but if you have to assume
it would lean more left a lot of things
so he and Bill Gates suddenly have that
opportunity to do something that no no
nobody else could do yeah how long have
you been hearing that it's too hard and
too expensive to build a nuclear plant
in the United States one because the
technology and the risks but two because
of the regulations all right we've been
hearing that for decades right who are
the two people in the world most capable
of overcoming those obstacles as luck
would have it
President Trump the most costs are the
most regulation cutting president of all
time and Bill Gates the most effective
smartest you know you know billionaire
investor trying to help the world guy of
all time
right if those two can't get a nuclear
power plant built when China just turned
them down and the smartest thing we
could ever do is take that project on in
the United States if those two
characters can't get that done that it
just can't be done alright so if if
President Trump and Bill Gates can't get
a new type of nuclear reactor built a
safer type that Bill Gates is promoting
if they can't get that done then I would
say that the green tech investor is
absolutely right if those two guys can't
get this done can't be done you know I
shouldn't talk in absolutes but the odds
of it getting done go way down
somebody said Elon Musk yeah I'd love to
know what Elon Musk's opinion on the new
technologies for nuclear I'd love to
hear his opinion on that but I don't
know what it is now
on the same topic there is a report that
Lockheed has a new patent to build
small-sized fusion reactors because
they've got some kind of a special
technology that they claim and
apparently have patented that will
control the reaction which is the hard
part
yeah no nuclear scientists but I guess
the hard part is figuring out how to
magnetically control you know contain
the reaction and they say they have some
novel way to do that
now it's reported like they've already
figured out everything they need for
fusion and some skunk works and we're
just finding out about it now and they
could just go build this thing and plan
to I think we have to be a little
skeptical about anything you see on this
topic because it's always being reported
by reporters and reporters are not
nuclear scientists and they tend to get
a little optimistic about these stories
so I'm gonna say I like that you know
as being worked on by Lockheed I like
that they have a patent and that they're
enthusiastic about it well I don't know
what the odds are that they could
actually get it done all right I will
really reiterate my claim I'm gonna make
the most arrogant claim you've ever
heard you ready for it I've probably
said plenty of arrogant sounding things
on my periscopes and in my writings but
I doubt you'll ever you'll be this will
top them all this will be the most
arrogant thing I've ever said climate
change and the risk of it is one of the
biggest problems in the world or not and
you need to know the answer to that
because you can put massive resources in
one direction or the other and those
those resources will be so massive and
the risks are so big they you can argue
it's the biggest thing we need to know
in the world now the people who say it's
not a problem wouldn't you like that to
be proven wouldn't you like it to be
proven that it's not a problem so that
we can invest in all the smart ways that
you would if it's not a problem so you'd
like to know how big of a problem this
is I contend that I'm literally the best
person in the world to get that answer
so there's my most arrogant statement
I'll ever make and it's only an accident
of history and circumstance I'm in a
very unique situation and here it is my
specialty is explaining complicated
things in simple ways all right so first
of all nobody can help you if they can't
do that you the best scientists in the
world is useless to the political
conversation if they can't simplify it
and say it persuasively so I have that
skill maybe as good as anybody's ever
had it
I'm literally for 30 years I take
complicated
I put them in simple sentences in
cartoons and blogs and in in periscope
it's what I do best so there's that
secondly I'm in another unique situation
and that I really don't have a firm
opinion about whether climate change is
a big problem or not I'm honestly on the
fence so how can you find many people
who have spent as much time talking
about it and looking at it who really
don't have a firm opinion yet because
you kind of need that right you need
somebody who's not clearly in a camp now
I've talked mostly about the skepticism
and I've said that it's more persuasive
but I'm always careful to say that being
persuasive is completely different from
being true all right and I know that
which is important because somebody
somebody who is trying to help you get
to the answer needs to know the
difference between something that's
persuasive and looks exactly like
confirmation bias and something that's
true and I've offered my services for
free to do it on camera if I could find
some experts to do it with me and I've
suggested that the best format for that
would not be a debate but a hosted
conversation in which I would act as a
referee and I would say you say X what
do you say critic critic says here's my
answer and I cut them off I say no no
you're not answering the question you
got to answer the question and if you're
not going to answer the question you
don't get to talk anymore all right
so you need a referee not a debate you
know you need somebody to be questioning
both sides so I offered to do that I
don't think it can get done because I
don't think you're going to put two
people in the same room but I will make
this claim until until the global
warming people who were most concerned
are willing to address the most powerful
skeptical complaints don't expect the
like to get on your side if your
approach to how to motivate people and
how to add a politically persuade people
to do the right thing as you see it for
climate change if that involves avoiding
the strongest arguments from the
skeptics which which if looked at alone
are more persuasive than the argument
for climate change again doesn't mean
the right completely different topic but
they are more persuasive the skeptical
argument the good ones are more
persuasive
now the skeptics also have lots of bad
arguments I would say the worst
arguments are that it's just the Sun
causing it that's a bad argument you
know the earth wobble volcanoes because
they can kind of measure that stuff and
and they can see that it doesn't fit the
graph etc so there are a lot of bad
arguments from the skeptics but the good
arguments are really good they're really
good doesn't mean it's true just means
they're more persuasive now let's talk
about when I talk to people who are
learned about climate change
I'll make the skeptics argument they'll
make the Pro Climate Change argument and
you end up in sort of a tie because I'm
not a scientist and whoever I'm talking
to is usually not a scientist and you
get the situation where you kind of
can't change either each other's mind
and there's make sense that you couldn't
so often the climate alarmist types will
default to the risk argument and the
risk argument goes like this if there's
even a 1% chance the climate change is a
calamitous risk shouldn't you go hard at
it so that's the argument yeah we can't
tell for sure if it's a if it's a
extinction event but if there's even a
small chance that it can you know desam
not decimate but you know really taking
out a big part of the earth you gotta
cheat that seriously right here's my
response to that and yes I'm gonna
double white board you there's a big
reveal on the back wait for it wait for
it all right I'm trying to get the glare
off here so here's the economists would
call this way of thinking an expected
value calculation and I'm going to show
you what it is and I'm going to show you
what's wrong with it when it's applied
to climate change my opinion and by the
way I could be wrong about this so if
anybody wants to jump in and correct me
I would welcome that so this is climate
change risk management now
here's the math that you have to
understand and then I'll tell you what's
wrong with it so the math of it is if
you had a 1% chance of something costing
a trillion dollars or it wouldn't matter
if you're saying does it cost you a
trillion or did it doesn't give you a
trillion dollars of benefits the bath is
the same so if you have 1% of a trillion
it's worth 10 billion dollars if you had
a 99% chance of making a billion it's
really a billion because it's 99% chance
which if you had these two choices and
you had to pick one let's say it was an
investment one of the investments would
be a 99% chance of making a billion and
the other one would be a 1% chance of
making a trillion which would be worth
10 times as much as this on average
which one do you make which way would
you go if those were you two choices
here's the trick if you only ever had
one choice in the world there were no
other things you ever had to do there
were no opportunities missed there are
no other decisions the smart person
takes takes to the 99 percent chance of
making a billion because Billy's a lot
of money it's probably all you need but
suppose you were making a hundreds of
choices over dozens of years if you had
a portfolio of choices lots of different
choices you might take the 1% chance of
trillion because there are so many of
them they
you know one Anna tend to come in for it
to be as good as this so if you have
only one decision ever you probably want
to take it it looks like okay but if you
have a portfolio of decisions you want
to use this logic because over time if
you could be good at your your
estimating the risk that is that's going
to pay off now let's go to the back so
let's apply this to climate change and
see if it works problem is you've got a
portfolio effect that I just described
which is if it's only one decision you
would take the ninety nine percent
chance of getting a billion dollars but
if you're making lots of decisions use
the expected value calculation because
over time you'll have enough winners to
pay for the losers but you also have
this issue of when to start because
addressing climate change is not just a
binary do everything you can right away
or do nothing and that's the way we
treat it but it's not like that because
the other option that might make a lot
of sense is to wait five years maybe
wait 10 years and then your technology
options will be far greater so if you
started 10 years from now you might
finish quicker you might get a better
result because you saved your save your
gunpowder so to speak kept it dry until
you could really make a difference if we
spend a trillion dollars today to battle
climate change it might make a little
difference but we don't really know how
to make a big difference
10 years from now we might have a better
idea what's causing climate change in
case that changes anything but we might
also have new technologies there are
technologies for scrubbing stuff and and
at the atmosphere etc so when to start
is not is not built into the the
expected value case unless you
explicitly do it then there's the
opportunity costs we don't live in the
world that has exactly one extinction
risk you have all kinds of things that
could take out mankind let's call it
humanity because it sounds less less
sexist all right we might have asteroids
heading our way
shouldn't we spend a trillion dollars to
build asteroid direction changing
missiles with nuclear tips so that we
can identify them and shoot up a missile
and maybe change their course so it
doesn't destroy earth what are the odds
that will be wiped out by a meteor is it
more or less than the chance of global
global warming yes of war couldn't we
spend way more money way more money in
the military to reduce the chance of
nuclear war even smaller so shouldn't
you make the same argument if we're
spending hard on climate change isn't it
exactly the same argument for spending
hard on the military because they both
take your risk from well 1% chance will
be destroyed too smaller what about the
risk of cyber attacks couldn't we spend
enormous amounts of money to take
whatever risk we have which is pretty
big down to a smaller risk because if
the power goes out we're really screwed
and that's the risk of cyberattacks what
about a pandemic couldn't we prepare the
world with huge investments so that if
the next incurable pandemic comes up
everybody has a process they all go into
their secret hidey holes to avoid
exposure you know we've got a advanced
process for figuring out the you know
how to build a cure for it etc so if you
have lots of risks that you can't quite
judge how bad they are but they could
all take you out and you have a limited
amount of money you can't spend
unlimited amount of money on a number of
different things you just don't have the
money so when you're saying
so when you say of climate change
yeah we don't know the exact risk but
because the risk is you know close to
like an extinction event it would be so
devastating to the world if it's true
don't we have to treat it like it's true
and the answer is not if there are other
things that are also the same level of
risk and also could be minimized by
using that exact same money because we
don't have unlimited money all right so
that's so those who say that risk
management is a reason that you should
go with the climate change alarmist even
if you don't quite believe they're that
credible I don't think that thinking
holds up it only holds up in a in a very
it holds up in a philosophical way but
not in a real-world way all right
there's an article in the hill switching
topics in which they they described the
the world's worst
20:19 and it's all Trump's fault I tried
reading it put it read like mental
illness and I can know when I read the
you know the long articles from the
Trump derangement syndrome folks I don't
know if this is your experience but I
used to read them as a political opinion
and I used to read them as okay maybe I
don't agree with everything here but
it's an opinion it's just an opinion but
it doesn't look like an opinion anymore
does it doesn't it look like mental
illness too you know I'm no experts at
diagnosing mental illness well I will
tell you it sure looks that way it it
just has all the tells for actual mental
illness and I was reading an article
just the other day in which a real
doctor was saying that Trump derangement
syndrome is really messing up people's
mental health now here are the facts we
know professionals meaning doctors
therapists and psychologists are
confirming they're confirming
that there is a mass mental illness
going on right I'm not wrong about that
right you can fact check me it is true
we've seen lots of articles and there's
lots of data now to say that people are
legitimately having mental illness
because of the president Trump
experience and we should take that
seriously now if we've already confirmed
from the experts that there is this
mental illness going on what are we
supposed to make of articles written by
the people who have this mental illness
apparently again I'm not a doctor but if
you're reading an article that looks
more like mental illness then it looks
like an opinion at the same time that
the experts are saying yeah this mental
illness is real and there's a lot of it
and it's affecting you massive amounts
of people why would we assume that
that's not affecting the people who are
writing articles have you noticed if you
notice that disconnect because the the
anti-trump media is selling you to
stories that are funny when viewed
together the first story they're telling
you is that President Trump is making
people crazy like actually mentally ill
you know we hope it's short term but
actually mentally ill and at the same
time they're reporting that they're
running articles by these people who are
clearly mentally ill again that's my
opinion
has nobody noticed that they're that
they're saying the experts agree there's
a lot of mental illness around how
people are seeing this presidency well
let's run an article by one of the
people who has the mental illness that's
what the the hill article look like to
me but I could be wrong I could be wrong
all right uh how can TDS be stopped Oh
interesting question and I'm glad you've
asked if you're president Trump what is
your best strategy given that you have
infinite critics biting at your ankles
so you're the president and there's a
million little cuts they're trying to
get you with this Cohen thing they're
trying to get you in a little Russia get
you with a little man afford get you
with a little a little you're impulsive
if you fire too many people what what do
all of these complaints have in common
there's there's a common thing about all
of the complaints about the president
the common complaint is or the common
thing that they all have is that
individually they're not that important
there's just a lot of them right if you
looked at any one of the things about
President Trump that the critics are
coming up with it's like hey collusion
well not really and it wasn't a crime
anyway so there are all these things
that aren't quite a big problem but
there's so many of them so what do you
do if you're president Trump and your
and your problem is not one problem not
two problems now three but like a
hundred of them but they're all small
the best strategy is not to do a solid
good job that is not the best strategy
he's capable of that he could just be a
solid president but it wouldn't make the
critics go away as we've seen his best
bet is to swing for the fence and that's
what I predict you will see in 2019 in
2019 you're going to see Trump take on
some challenges that you didn't even
think were take on Apple for example I
think things with North Korea are gonna
look really good in 2019 and it's and
people even his critics are gonna say
you know we doubted him but honestly I
don't know if another personality could
have gotten this done and it matters I
think you could see him swing for the
fence in the middle east and I would
argue that that's already begun I think
he's looking for a bigger a bigger
outcome in the
than just you know a little improvement
around the edges
I think he's swinging for the fence in
the Middle East when I mentioned the the
Bill Gates situation with nuclear power
and the fact that we have the only
president who's famous for cutting
regulations and the biggest obstacle is
too many regulations President Trump
could swing for the fence and just say I
hear all you people complaining about
climate change and you hear us saying
that there's a lot of skepticism but we
could probably all agree that clean safe
nuclear energy in the United States
could help everybody so he might swing
for the fence on that he might swing for
the fence on something like health care
but I doubt it doesn't seem like it so I
would look for him and of course if he
is supposed to president Trump gets the
trade deal done with China and it looks
good because it's kind of going in that
direction right it's sort of looking
good so if this president gets a trade
agreement with China that protects our
IP at least better than it was and he
gets peace with North Korea in 2019 and
he worked something out with Putin
that's let's say it's productive in the
Middle East all that little stuff about
the president is going to not amount to
anything so the best strategy against
your opposition having a million small
complaints about you is to do some
things that are so big you just stopped
caring about the little stuff now here's
an idea that I say from the end of my
periscopes
and I want to put this out here I think
this is a terrible idea
but I can't figure out why and I also
don't have the details and the ideas
like this if you imagine that the one of
the biggest problems to the country and
therefore the world because as the
United States goes the rest of the world
tends to go is our debt let's say you're
including student debts purse
that government debts etc but let's
let's just look at student debt and
government debt let's say you think
those are the biggest problems in the
world could you under any circumstances
eliminate that debt by creating an
official United States cryptocurrency
and I'm not sure exactly the details of
this but the whole point of a
cryptocurrency is that you create value
and of nothing that's what bitcoin is
bitcoin is not based on anything it just
has value because people think they can
spend it now here's the most interesting
thing you'll ever hear about crypto or
even currency the reason that money has
value or let's say the reason the US
dollar has value is in part because
people want it but why do people want
the US dollar one of the biggest reasons
that the US dollar has value is that the
US government will always accept it in
payment for taxes there will always be
taxes and the US government will will
always think the US dollar in payment so
as long as the US government guarantees
that it will take it dollars dollars
always have value suppose the US
government said we're gonna wipe out
debt by just creating a bunch of money
we'll just create this crypto and we
will accept this crypto as payment for
some kinds of things let's say we'll
accept it for student debt now I'm
pretty sure this idea has gigantic holes
in it but here here are the basic facts
the US government could create a
cryptocurrency that is solidly based on
something that won't change which is the
government will agree to accept it for
paying your taxes if you do that you're
not Bitcoin anymore and you're not a
regular crypto you are something with
strong backing couldn't you create
something out of nothing and
couldn't it be big enough to pay off
student debt for example let's just say
student debt let's say so anyway I think
there's some way to do that but I'm
pretty sure that I don't have the
details right all right think about that
and I will talk to you all later