Oh pom pom pom pom pom hey everybody
come on in come on in here I know it's
the weekend but this is your favorite
part of the weekend it's time for coffee
with Scott Adams
I'm Scott Adams and you're not but you
can have coffee with me if you got here
in time and if you have a cup of mug a
vessel of glass and you've got a
beverage in there well you're prepared
for a coffee with Scott Adams and it's
time for the simultaneous if the best
part of the day at least the best set of
the day here archives archives
everything's better with coffee let's
talk about the news from dana
rohrabacher california congress person
who says that the administration the
trump administration is thinking of
legalizing medical marijuana at least on
a federal level and leaving recreational
to the states and getting the federal
government and of the weed business now
I ask myself why would they wait until
after the midterms that's that's the
report the report is that it's it's not
going to happen till after the midterms
and I thought to myself well wouldn't it
have been smarter to do it before the
midterms because then you get the the
big you know the big advantage that you
did something that's sort of you know
good for everybody and that might help
in the midterms but I realized that
after the midterms is actually the
perfect time to do it because before the
midterms you can let the the word get
out right so so you get a first you get
an initial benefit simply because people
hear that you're gonna you get on I
don't know legalize that or
decriminalize it I guess would be the
the right thing to say so you get the
benefit before
the vote of knowing that it's going to
happen assuming that there's
confirmation of the rumor but then after
the vote what would be different after
the midterms then before the midterms
work with me here this is this is
actually kind of fun what's the biggest
difference in the world
after the midterms well the biggest
difference is that smart people are
saying that Congress will be split and
the smart people say that the Senate
will be Republican and there'll be a
Democrat majority in Congress what can a
president get done with a split Congress
if you're the most you know divisive
character in a long time and your
president isn't that terrible to have a
split Congress you know where I'm going
with this don't you what will be the
first thing you hear about after there's
a split Congress we'd what is the one
thing you can guarantee both the left
and the right will vote for at least in
a majority weed how will President Trump
launch you remember I taught you about
the new CEO move the new CEO move is
what you do the very first thing you do
when you take your first day on the job
as a CEO and people like to fire people
or you know do something big because
that sets the tone sort of like a first
impression well after the midterm
there's sort of a new government in all
likelihood there'll be a new structure
of government because it'll be a split
Congress so whatever President Trump
does first under the conditions of this
new government sets the tone it's the
thing you'll keep talking about so well
he did that well if you're looking at
how this new thing will go he did that
so we have something to look at we have
a precedent because he did that what
will be the first thing he does well
it's starting to look like about the
first thing he'll do is take a run at
decriminalizing weed and if he does it
would be the exact
two best timing of all time because if
there is a split Congress it's the one
thing he's almost guaranteed to get
through you know unless unless they mess
up the form of the bill somehow so the
timing of it is spectacular
you remember that the there was word
that the government had put the call out
to try to find all the bad news about
wheat that was a news report that the
government was trying to balance the
message so it wasn't all good news about
weed but there was some negative news
too just so they had a complete picture
and when that news report dropped people
said oh no Jeff Sessions is winning weed
is going to be you know even more more
criminalized they're going to go after
it more than they were and I said at the
time hold on hold on what would you do
prior to decriminalizing if that was
your intention well what you would do is
gather all the information so that when
you did it you had a comprehensive
report that was the best of all the
science so that when you made your
proposal to decriminalize it you were
doing it based on having done a deep
dive so that you couldn't decriminalize
it until you look for all the bad news
and and you did a legitimate job of
looking for the bad news
so it looks like that's what's gonna
happen don't know you add this a little
early but it looks like the way it's
shaping up is it'll be a after midterm
kind of bill it will fly through both
houses it will set a precedent for both
sides working together it will show that
they can do it and then we're going to
start looking at things like immigration
and health care what do those things
have in common you absolutely can't get
them done unless you've got both sides
agreeing so it would be the perfect
setup let's talk about Turkey and Saudi
Arabia and this journalist called
Khashoggi who allegedly walked into a
Turkish embassy in an attempt to get
some kind of
to marry his turkish fiancee who i
understand was waiting outdoors I may
have this wrong but wasn't his fiancee
waiting for him outside the embassy and
allegedly khashoggi went in there and he
was followed by this team of alleged
saudi hitmen who brought a bone saw and
there's some audio recording of the deed
going down allegedly
everything's alleged at this point and
apparently they killed him and they used
a bone saw to cut him up in little
pieces probably put him in some kind of
suitcases or small small karya Ballabh
jex and here's the weird part
this is so horrible it's hard to even
imagine his fiance is standing outside
probably doing what people do looking at
Twitter on her phone while a hundred
feet away her fiance was being
slaughtered and dismembered with a bone
saw and then they put him in packages
and probably walked right past her so in
all likelihood she saw The Killers walk
past her with a bunch of suitcases that
were the parts of her fiance in all
likelihood now you know might they might
have gone out of a different door but
same concept now
here's my impression of this the first
thing I would say is we will never know
what really happened we might know that
the Saudis killed him that we might know
that he's you know a critic of the Saudi
government as a journalist so we might
know some of the basic stuff but I feels
as though there's more to the story and
here's why I think there's more to the
story it's the way he was killed
doesn't the way he was killed
make it seem like there was a message
involved it was either a message to
Turkey saying you know we'll do whatever
we want including right in your in your
embassy which is your own soil that's a
pretty strong message to Turkey but it
would be a reckless one it seems like
it seems like it would be a reckless way
to deal with Turkey it seems more likely
that this is a message about the
individual and here's what I would ask
myself is there anything else about this
individual that we don't know in other
words is this journalist just a
journalist does that seem likely do you
believe that this journalist did nothing
wrong except write some anti anti Saudi
leadership articles it's possible it's
possible that he's just a journalist who
wrote some things the royal family
didn't like and so they sent a hit team
to kill him in the most unusual way the
way he was killed doesn't look normal
because wouldn't there be a million ways
to kill somebody and not leave a trace
it seems like there's just all these
ways you could kill somebody and make it
look like an accident make it look like
it wasn't this the Saudis but they chose
the one way that looks exactly like the
Saudi government killed them so I would
say look for comments from other
countries in the region and ask yourself
why it's a little quiet over there you
know is it possible that killing this
guy was sort of a popular thing to do
meaning that there might have been other
countries involved that we're happy to
see him go so I don't know that's the
case I'm not alleging that I'm just
saying that there are some holes in the
story that we may never fill and we may
never know what's really going on here
with why they killed him but I'm not
sure the whole story is just that he's
writing opposition pieces it might be
it's entirely possible that's the whole
story but I kind of feel like there's
more to it it just smells like there's a
bigger story here maybe we'll never know
but there's an interesting thing going
on here one is that of course the
enemies the critics of President Trump
are going to use it to say look what
happens when dictators start
dehumanizing the press so some people
are going to say they're gonna say stuff
like well president Trump says the press
in this country is the enemy the people
look where that leads it's a slippery
slope to the bonesaw if you criticize
CNN you're on that slippery slope to
bringing the bonesaw and killing
everybody well that's sort of a stretch
but here's what it does do it might work
exactly the opposite because of the the
power of contrast when people are
calling President Trump a big old
dictator who is demonizing the press
what they're really saying is that he
could turn into the real kind of
dictator that really does bad stuff to
the press as opposed to the you know
free speech guy who's just criticizing
the people who's criticizing him but
when the Saudi Arabia is accused of
doing something like this whether or not
we ever find out the truth of it is a
separate question but they're accused
and people will believe the Saudi Arabia
a dictatorship literally used a bone saw
to dismember a member of the press while
his fiance waited outside that my
friends is some serious dictatorship so
it's going to be harder so here's the
ironic part it's going to be harder for
president Trump's detractors to look at
what they've been accusing him of which
is saying clever things about the media
that's that are you know critical so
talking in a clever way about the media
is what Trump does a real dictator cuts
you up with a bone saw inside an embassy
while your fiance is standing outside
that's about as big a difference as you
can get between what President Trump is
a clever tweeter
and a bone saw killer very large
difference one tweets one uses a bone
saw versus big difference so in a weird
way this could actually work in the
president's favor in a way that nobody's
ever going to talk about it's gonna it's
gonna make such a gigantic distinction
between just talking about stuff and
sending a tweet and dismembering
somebody
now even the slippery slope people who I
criticize all the time things just
aren't always slippery slopes it's al
it's a long distance between tweeting
and bonesaw all right large difference
and on top of that it puts the president
on the side of fill-in-the-blank
President Trump is now officially on the
same side as the press hello you didn't
see that coming did ya president Trump
and the international press including
all of his critics are on his side now
now it's not comfortable and they may
not want to be on his side but if
there's one person who can stand up for
journalists who can do it who is the
only person let me let me put it this
way there's only one person probably
just one person in the world I think
this is true there's one person in the
world who could stand up to this kind of
alleged crime against the journalists
only one and here's the question
Saudi Arabia is clearly in the ally
category we need them we have all kinds
of strategic interests we sell them
stuff they're part
you know part of our network of you know
good buddies if you could say that in
the Middle East
there are even friendlier with Israel
than we've seen in the past they seem
productive in a number of ways
especially fighting terrorism and here's
where it gets sketchy because the you
know the reporting is that Khashoggi had
some kind of Muslim Brotherhood
connection which some people would say
they're the bad guys they're they the
terrorists or the terrorist supporters
so it's kind of uh it's kind of a big
Uwe situation because the president
doesn't like I'm sure the president I'm
talking about President Trump doesn't
like the Muslim Brotherhood but he's got
to protect free speech you know at least
the principle of it there's no free
speech / sane Saudi Arabia but you know
worldwide he's got to protect at least
the the notion of it this so this is a
real dicey one what will President Trump
do it's not really clear that there's a
good answer here because if the
president goes hard on Saudi Arabia it
will hurt our interests and if he
doesn't if he doesn't you know I don't
know how you show your face in public
right so you've got to you've got to
Impossibles so how do you deal with it
impossible well one way would be to
change the facts right if you can't if
there's no good solution with the facts
that are presented to us and the facts
as they've been presented as in Saudi
Arabia did put a hit on somebody a
journalist in a Turkish embassy so if
those facts were to hold and nothing new
came out that's an impossible situation
it would be very bad to go hard against
Saudi Arabia given all the other
interests at the same time it would be
very bad not to
if people but if the public believes
that this really happened
so the solution might be to change the
facts I'm just putting that out there
and one way to change the facts
would be to change what the public
thinks of this Khashoggi guy so here's
what I would expect I would respect that
Saudi Arabia primarily would start
planting stories that would change what
the public thinks of this journalist
until they no longer think of him as a
journalist and they begin to think of
him as something more than a journalist
more like a Muslim Brotherhood type of
person for example so here's what I'd
look for I would look for seeding of the
media for stories to say there's
something more about this Khashoggi guy
and that maybe this this was an anti
terrorist act
so because if Saudi Arabia could get
away with making it look like they were
being hard on terror well suddenly
that's a different story isn't it so
here's what I'd expect I would expect
the United States to to drag its feet
and not proclaim anything too soon
because that gives the media time to
start leaking out the stories that
change how we think about it
so I think the president will probably
wait a little bit before he takes a firm
position but we'll say that's just
speculation
do you ever get tired of talking
politics you know the thing about
politics is that it changes so much at
least under the Trump administration I
think I would get tired of talking about
politics in a regular administration I
had knowing I had literally no interest
until the Trump administration nothing
you know there was nothing about the
entire Obama administration that I found
interesting and and I'm one who says
that Obama did a good job all right I
know that almost all of you watching
this disagree with that but let me
reiterate my point in case there's
anybody new I believe that it's a
mistake let me let me put it in this
frame I think it's true that if you're
an American you have a a notion in your
head of what a perfect president would
be like now you might in your
imagination you know change the gender
you might change the ethnicity but those
are not the important parts you have a
new mind a personality type a you know a
sort of a professional you know
responsible well-spoken polite but firm
smart you know tough experience so
you've got all these ideas in your mind
of what a perfect president should be
this is a mistake in how we see the
world I would suggest that rather than
getting the perfect prototype of a
president or as close as we can get to
it no matter what the situation is that
we should match the president to the
specific challenge of the time I've said
that Obama was actually a good choice to
take over during the depths of the
economic meltdown because Obama is a
very calming personality he's you know
that he would look at the facts
you know that he would dig into the
details you know that he would be
calming you know that he would not act
rationally you know that he wouldn't
scare anybody by you know weird actions
that was probably pretty important to
keep the economy from falling off the
edge
and then he slowly some would say too
slowly you know helped grow the grow the
economy and then when Trump took over I
would say the Trump took over at a time
when the economy was solid once the
economy is solid you no longer need the
boring president the boring president
was a perfect fit for the past currently
we have exactly the right president at
exactly the right time because he's
willing to take a little more risk
financially at a time when that's
exactly the smart thing to do on a
risk/reward basis our economy is so
strong that we we have a little extra
negotiating ability with China take for
example the Fed raising interest rates
why does the why does the Fed raise
interest rates
well they raise interest rates because
they think the economy is actually too
hot they literally raised interest rates
to slow down growth because it was too
good now if you're Russia I'm sorry not
Russia
if you're China and China and the United
States are playing chicken because we're
negotiating hard but neither one wants
to give anything up who does have who
has time on their side does China have
time on their side because they have a
very thin margin between you know the
super growth that keeps them strong and
just a little less growth than they're
screwed right the United States had to
think about this I haven't heard anybody
say this the United States is in a
position that the economy is so strong
that we had to raise our own interest
rates to slow down our own economy think
about that
China is looking at the United States
and say if we just hold on a little bit
longer we're really going to hurt their
economy and then they read the news and
they go oh god their economy is so
strong they had to slow it down
themselves
chyna they're only negotiating leverage
is that they'll hurt our economy our
economy is so frickin strong that we had
to slow it down there's nothing that
China's doing that makes any difference
but it sure makes a big difference on
there and so when you see that the
president you know that the Chinese
negotiations the tariff negotiations are
taking a long time you should say to
yourself good that's good because the
longer it takes the worse their
negotiating position is and ours doesn't
change at all because we don't have an
economy that we want to grow any faster
if they did they just would raise the
interest rates and slow it down again so
this president who's the the one who's
going to push negotiating is in exactly
the right time because the economy is so
strong and I give him credit for
reducing the economy the extra optimism
the extra energy the extra positivity I
mean this president has persuaded up the
optimism which does drive the economy so
he's done everything he can do to put
the country in an insanely good position
better I would say that the economy of
the United States right now is obviously
better than it's ever been based on
metrics etc but even stronger than that
we are on the edge of major beneficial
trade deals that would have been
impossible with a weak economy if our
economy was weak we'd say yeah we don't
want to take any chances with trade
deals but now we can we could take all
the chances we want it's a perfect time
for it but I would go further now so
I've said I've made the case I know some
of you disagree but let me just finish
the the case that Obama the calming you
know professorial lawyerly personality
was good when the economy was so shaky
Trump is perfect when you want to get
aggressive on your negotiating and
you've got a strong economy and you want
to Goose an even stronger
perfect who's right for the next
presidency after let's say eight years
President Trump who what would be the
right kind of personality let's say we
had plenty of money but we still had
problems so that money wasn't our
problem anymore we just didn't have good
ideas we didn't know how to fix the
inner cities we didn't know how to get
income equality we didn't know how to
you know make racial you know racial
equality well we have equality we didn't
have your racial feelings and we get rid
of their racial animus well who would be
the best personality for that Kanye if
if things stayed the way they're going
which is that the economy stays strong
at the end of eight years the best kind
of president would be somebody who can
bring creativity to the process that's
Kanye somebody who could bring some kind
of racial healing to the process that's
Kanye he's clearly set himself up to be
the ideal kind of president for the
future that we're starting to enter if
you don't think this guy plans ahead
you're crazy
because he's already six years ahead
he's already becoming the person we need
in 2024
no I'm not going to predict the whims or
anything like that it's early for that
but I'm just making the general case
that you should lose your sense that
there's an ideal presidential
personality there isn't there's only a
good fit Obama in my opinion was a good
fit for those shaky economic times when
we needed it was just a good time to
have the black president and frankly
because you know it helped us get past
that that hump this is a really good
time to have a president Trump couldn't
be better
but the time after him might be time for
a different personality somebody says
you're losing your footing do you know
how many times people have told me I
jump jump the shark people are telling
me I'm high right now
now I'm
now I'd like you to watch something else
in the in the atmosphere you you watch
every now and then I release an idea
into the atmosphere and you know we can
we can see if it comes back in other
words there are some ideas that are like
idea viruses as soon as you hear them
they they become so sticky that they'll
just live forever and sometimes you even
know it as soon as you hear it this
wasn't my idea but somebody was talking
about the idea of calling the Democrats
mobs and then somebody else on Twitter
not me
came up with the idea that we should be
said that the Republicans should be
saying jobs not mobs now the first time
you hear that jobs not mobs haven't
didn't you just see the entire midterm
election shape up because the the right
are all about jobs and you can even see
the the campaign ad you can see the
split screen where you know on one side
is all the the job stuff you know best
employment the best optimism you know
best everything on the economics and on
the other side it's just a collage of
the Democrats screaming at the sky and
and attacking people in the streets and
yelling and wearing crazy costumes and
you just label them you know jobs not
mobs
it would be such a clean it would be
sort of a killer sort of a killer
framing Oh anyway when you hear that you
realize oh my god that's sort of sticky
as soon as you hear it it's hard to get
it on your head it's sort of a brain
brain glue and I tried to do that with
another concept which you've heard
already I called it cultural gravity and
cultural gravity is the the tendency for
the culture that you identify with
whether that's you know black culture or
any any other culture that that that
culture has a way of holding you back
sometimes and there are other cultures
that are the opposite they're there
propelling you I would say for example
that the Asian culture of Asian American
culture especially in the United States
let's just talk about the United States
they would have what I would call a zero
gravity culture meaning that if somebody
is doing well in school it would be rare
for somebody in the asian-american
community say hey Bob is doing well in
school hahaha that's that's not as much
of a thing right if you know if your
friend is doing well in school and
you're asian-american you're probably
thinking I better do belt well in school
too this is a good way to succeed you
watched what happened when Kanye gets a
meeting in the Oval Office all right now
he's a special case right he's not
really an example of everybody in the
community in many ways but you watch
that Don Lemon referred to it as a
minstrel show that is to me that's
racial gravity that's cultural gravity
because Don Lemon was saying stop you
know stop embarrassing me your success
is embarrassing me who does that and you
saw a number of other another other
prominent you know black pundits and
personalities who are very anti true
anti Kanye to which I say you know that
Kanye is not a Republican right
he's just willing to talk to both sides
and you know that he got in the room and
you know that he already probably made a
difference for things that you want and
if Kanye succeeds you know that your
culture does better right because he's
moving to Chicago he's trying to help
the inner cities and he has access he
has power he has money he has ideas how
is that not good how are you not
cheering this guy on as as someone who
you know not only made it out but is
trying to reduce the gravity on you why
do you want gravity on yours
what is up with that now so I I propose
to you that the words cultural gravity
are it's a weaponized term weaponized in
a good way in the sense because you know
I see somebody using the word in the
comments Envy that that there's envy
there may be an element to that it's
possible so it's possible that the envy
is some part of the variables involved
here but you know the envy is not is not
influential as as a label but cultural
gravity immediately tells you what's
going on in a way that envy doesn't
because envy doesn't say well it just
isn't as active so well I want you to
see if the phrase cultural gravity
catches on because if it does that's
very good news for I think the black
community in particular but we'll see
and let me add some let me be humble
about what I can predict about what the
black community here is because I'm not
black and I can't really know what they
will think but it does seem to be that
has something that has a likelihood of
being a positive that understanding that
there's a thing called cultural gravity
and that you might want to find a way
around it it's probably a good thing I
don't know the answer to finding the way
around it frankly that's the hard part I
think you'd have to be a member of the
community to know what that looks like
did you see the cheers you got to follow
up appletalk I didn't see the cheers
uh I'm just looking at your your
comments right now
cultural drag yeah I drag is kind of
good descriptively but I think gravity
it just captures it a little more
jealousy is part of cultural gravity you
know I I'm not completely convinced the
envy and jealousy are necessarily what's
going on here you know it feels like it
and it looks like it but it wouldn't you
imagine that every group has envy and
and jealousy it feels like that's kind
of a universal trait so why would it
only be affecting one group in this way
and not the other groups because there's
there's no suggestion I've never heard
any suggestion we're seeing a reason to
believe that the black community would
have more jealousy than any other
community like what what data would that
be based on I've never heard any yeah
I've not observed it I've not you know
it doesn't it doesn't pass the sniff
test for me but again anything's
possible right but I don't see any
evidence for that all right
gravity is something you can feel yeah
gravity equals seriousness now in this
in this simulation upon which we live is
it weird that the biggest critic of
Kanye is this last name is literally
name lemon like the guy who's the
sourest the sourest guy on TV is named
lemon is that just a weird coincidence
because that's the sort of stuff that
makes me think I'm living in a
simulation I know I know it's just a
coincidence but makes you feel that way
so here's another weird coincidence
so I
Christina and I were hanging out last
night and I wanted a smoothie so I've
got a certain way I make smoothies and
she was she was gonna make one for me
too
you know find out how I like my
smoothies and we go and we opened the
refrigerator and all the strawberries
that I thought I had for the smoothie
had already been eaten so I wanted to
smoothie but I couldn't make a smoothie
because I didn't have any strawberries
so because I can't make a smoothie
because I don't have any strawberries
that I thought I had we turn on TV to
watch a show and within a few minutes of
turning on the TV there's there's a
mention of somebody who can't make a
smoothie because they don't have
strawberries how weird is that that I go
from not being able to make a strawberry
smoothie to turning on TV and learning
about somebody who can't make a
strawberry smoothie and it's the one
ingredient they're missing it's the only
one I was missing too now of course that
is a coincidence right it's just a
coincidence you know they're the smart
people the scientists will tell you well
don't read anything into that what about
all the things that that didn't happen
you know you didn't notice all the
things that were not a coincidence so
that and the environment is always full
of coincidence but it sure makes you
wonder about the nature of the universe
you know yeah if the only thing it does
is make you question your environment
you know question your reality then then
it's something useful the law of
attention yeah so it's just why you
there is something about the fact that
you pay attention to the things that you
care about so you do notice coincidences
they just wouldn't have noticed before
that's part of it sure show us your
recipe I'll tell you my recipe for a
smoothie and it goes like this
strawberries blackberries you could
replay this if you miss it
so it's strawberries
blackberries vanilla yogurt almond
butter protein powder I like vanilla
flavored protein powder and I put a I
paid a chunk of dark chocolate in it
because the dark chocolate works with
these strawberries in a way that's crazy
and then for a liquid to add a little
liquid I do almond almond milk so it's
strawberries blackberries yogurt almond
butter almond milk also and a piece of
dark chocolate and vanilla protein
powder and that and then crushed ice and
then it goes in the blender the the mix
is not that terribly important so you'll
you'll find that you'll find that it's
not really sensitive to the exact
amounts so if you like a lot of fruit
put more in there that sort of thing you
don't need to worry about the quantities
that much just experiment
all right how do you make the smoothie
well I just told you you're the only guy
I listen to like this somebody said well
thank you and by the way you're really
gonna like those smoothies hey there's
somebody else who doesn't have
strawberries what are the odds that
there would be two people who don't have
don't have any strawberries I just do
regular yogurt all right I think we've
talked enough about smoothies obviously
I'm out of material and so I'm going to
go do some work as I do and I'll talk to
you later