[Music]
hey everybody come on in here
yes Monday morning and you know what
time it is it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams and a little thing I call
the simultaneous step you might know it
as the best thing ever because if you've
tried to enjoy your morning without the
simultaneous sip well you can do it yeah
you could do it it's just not as good
yes everybody who's tried and it doesn't
take much to participate no it doesn't
all it takes is a couple more glasses
time they tell us the tanker to thermos
with last a cantina grill and goblet a
vessel is gonna kind of fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee join
me now go that's good coffee
Wow all right does it seem to you that
this Ukraine's story feels like the
third sequel of a movie where they
couldn't get the original movie stars to
appear in that sequel it feels like the
bad sequel when they didn't have quite
the budget that they used to but they're
gonna use the name recognition it's like
hey yeah we're gonna make a sequel we're
gonna win the call we're gonna call it
Putin two stars and ruining democracy in
the United States and then they talked
to Putin he's like nah nah nah nah I
already do movie III want to work on
creative projects may be something small
next time and people say wow we can't
give Putin damn it our sequel is ruined
wait a minute wait a minute I think we
can get a deal on Ukraine oh let's try
let's try toss a little Ukraine at them
I don't think the public can tell the
difference
Russia Ukraine are they really gonna
know the difference because they're
pretty sure that Russia took over
Ukraine half of them after the world so
let's go with the sequel Ukraine Russia
collusion - the movie it's not going too
well I'm close to the the end of
watching a miniseries
on Showtime about Roger Ailes
the first news who started Fox News and
I kind of tell you I thought it was
gonna be about is me to stuff you know I
thought that's what mostly was about but
there's a lot of context about the news
business that is just sort of
jaw-dropping
I don't know that any of it was
completely unexpected or surprised but
to actually see it presented in in what
is being presented as a factual way is
pretty amazing so I haven't finished
that but one of the the key takeaways is
that you know if we are to believe that
any of this really happened now keep in
mind that when you see a miniseries
about a real person who's deceased at
most of the dialogue nobody could have
seen or really known what happened so a
hundred percent of the dialogue or
probably 98 percent of it is made made
up by the movie makers to be as close as
they can get to what they believe
happened behind closed doors so you
can't believe it all but what they
allege is that Roger Ailes literally
just made stuff up and then told Fox
News to report it like it was a fact and
on more than one occasion he regularly
according to the miniseries he would
just just make up a fact and tell and
tell his people to report it as fact now
to his credit apparently his bosses
meaning the the burdock family were not
in favor of that and and try
to get him to report the news more like
the news so now that ails has deceased
one might expect that Fox News would
would be adhering more to the facts as
they see them which I think probably is
the case I don't know if you've been
watching Fox News for a long time it
does feel as if they've they've
approached something like closer to the
middle than they were at least in terms
of literally just making stuff up and
running with it I don't see that
happening anymore
I do see however things that are not
true and this this Ukraine situation is
just amazing because both sides are
operating upon apparently a lie so both
sides of the Ukraine situation seem to
be basing all of their opinions on
things that aren't true I'll give you an
example so the the anti-trump errs are
saying that he withheld the aid to
Ukraine in order to get in favor but the
reporting is showing that the that the
aid had been withheld for months and
that there were actually there's record
of legitimate concern about corruption
and about whether other countries were
stepping up to pay as much so apparently
there was two separate concerns were out
there on top of that the president has a
general concern about how much we give
to other countries and foreign aid and
apparently he'd been holding this back
for months so if you tell me that the
president held that back as leverage and
apparently didn't ever tell them it was
held back because they didn't know it
was being held back
they were just wondering what was going
on so apparently the whole held back
money to get a favor thing just falls
apart factually because the the timeline
doesn't work they had been held that
back so far back that it's hard to
believe that the president was
anticipating that phone call it doesn't
doesn't quite pass the sniff test
at the same time there was a rather
embarrassing situation with Jin Jordan
and Jake Tapper in which Jake Tapper
shredded him on live TV for apparently a
factual inaccuracy and the factual
inaccuracy is about the so-called
corrupt prosecutor now of course someone
who's being accused of being a corrupt
prosecutor was asked did you get fired
because you were investigating it
doesn't matter what the corrupt
prosecutor says because that would not
be a credible credible voice so you
can't listen to that guy but he said
something I'm not even gonna repeat it
because you should not treat it as
credible he's the guy that got fired for
being allegedly corrupt so whatever he
says is not credible even if it's true
it doesn't have the doesn't have the
credibility so here's the thing that Jim
Jordan said he said that that Biden
demanded that that prosecutor be fired
because he was looking into hunter
Biden's company but apparently that's
just not the case apparently there are a
number of international groups that
wanted that prosecutor fired for being
corrupt and for not for not
investigating apparently they weren't
investigating
nobody was investigating hunter Biden's
company and that's part of the reason
they wanted him fired so the entire
story on the left is completely
falsified the entire story on the right
is completely falsified so we're having
this weird debate of two versions of
history neither of which are true and
it's fairly easy to demonstrate that
they're not true now what is true as far
as I could tell using so he says Scott
has been duped will delete you so what
is true is the hunter Biden took what
seems to most observers an unreasonable
amount of time an unreasonable amount of
time
to the the fact show that they were not
investigating barista
that's what CNN's reporting so as it as
it stands the facts seem to falsify
bowls at both sides of the story but
what does matter is a hundred Biden was
taking a large amount of money from a
foreign entity associated with their
government because oligarchs are always
associated with the government and
nobody thinks that was a good idea
except to hunter Biden so so that's our
world that the news the news isn't even
anymore there's a fake news and then
there's the truth now it's just two
versions of fake news apparently
Giuliani claims yesterday he has
documents showing the prosecutor was
investigating Biden's son doesn't matter
it doesn't matter if he was a corrupt
investigator and they were gonna get rid
of him anyway if he was corrupt in
general it kind of doesn't matter what
he was doing with that one company he
still had to get fired right am i right
even if even if Giuliani is right even
if that one company was actually being
investigated and not on hold as reported
by seeing that even if that's true
doesn't matter he's still needed to get
fired if all the other stuff about him
was true so anyway let's talk about
something else we'll talk about Trump's
to tweet here in a moment Elizabeth
Warren did an event in South Carolina at
a historically black college and
couldn't get black people to show up
that's right Elizabeth Warren number two
in the polls for the Democrats who has
trouble getting black support went to
South Carolina substantial black
population did an event at an
historically black college and couldn't
get many black people to show up I think
that tells you our odds were getting
elected
are pretty close to zero let's talk
about India they wanted Modi is pushing
to have India do nuclear energy to help
with climate change plus they need
energy plus they want clean air and
water so Modi is pushing a nuclear power
but guess what oh god did I just say
guess what I just want to I want to blow
my own brains out for saying that the
overused phrase from you know where I
guess that's a tell for watching a
particular Network isn't it so Moe Dee
wants nuclear energy but he can't have
it did you know that were you aware that
India one of our allies once to have
nuclear energy I can't do it because of
the rest of the world won't let it what
now the reason is fairly solid the
reason is that they have not they're
unwilling to sign a non-proliferation
agreement which would be and if they did
sign it then other countries would be
allowed to assist them with technology
and fuel and stuff as I understand it
but because they find a some kind of a
flaw in the agreement itself just the
document the agreement has some kind of
flaw which I don't know what it is and
wouldn't understand if I did they're not
allowed to do it now let me ask you this
there are a lie and they want to solve
climate change and they know how and
it's nuclear energy and the rest of the
world won't let them do it
how serious are we about nuclear how
serious are we about climate change
really shouldn't the rest of the country
shouldn't shouldn't France and Great
Britain and anybody who's got nuclear
shouldn't they be lobbying hard for
India to get nuclear power really does
anybody think India with with all of its
resources and all of its engineers do we
think that India couldn't pull off a
nuclear weapon I mean they have one
don't they don't they already have a
nuclear weapon okay why why can't they
have a nuclear power there's something
here in the story I don't understand
anyway
the larger point of me bringing it up is
that nuclear power will be the the
answer to climate change even if there
is no climate change risk it's the only
thing that makes everybody happy and we
can actually do and there's no other
option that's it it's the only thing
that could get us across the finish line
of surviving as a species apparently if
you believe the calamity people somebody
on the internet asked me this question
which was actually a perfectly fair
question
somebody said who's paying me to promote
nuclear energy you know what how much am
I being paid by the nuclear energy or
anybody else to promote nuclear the
answer of course is nothing nothing and
I was disappointed to learn that maybe
somebody would pay me for for promoting
nuclear energy and I thought what I
could get paid for this I've been doing
this for free I don't expect to be paid
for it by the way now one of the reasons
that I feel like I can add something to
the national conversation if you will is
because of this very thing you could
reasonably depend that I'm not being
paid for my advocacy because already
rich you know I wouldn't care about it
that much so now I'm not being paid by
anybody for my nuclear advocacy it is
simply a message which needed to be
boosted and there are a number of
situations where I boost messages that I
think are good for the world but are
being suppressed for whatever reason
maybe we have some misunderstandings and
fears and ignorance there might be
something blocking a better message from
getting through and I try to help
amplify those messages that
that's pretty much the whole story with
me if you're asking me what's in it for
me which is a good question by the way
you you should be asking yourself wait a
minute why would he be pushing nuclear
energy if nobody's paying him and it
probably will be bad for him meaning
that there will be X number of people
who will hate me for my position why
would you take a position that gives you
no compensation and makes people hate
you which will actually reduce your
income because they did my case people
punished me by not by my book or not
reading Dilbert or something so why
would I do something is clearly bad for
me economically it's obviously bad for
me economically trust me on that
and no gate why would I do that
well I I'm of the view that nobody does
anything for nothing
wouldn't you agree can't we agree that
nobody really does anything for nothing
so there must be something I'm getting
out of it and there is I like being
useful and if it ever came to a point
where somebody said hey Scott will give
you some I don't praise or attention for
being useful I'd say great thank you I
like praise
I like being useful I like being
recognized for being useful but if that
never happened and the only thing that
happened was the world the world was
saved from from nuclear the sort of the
world was saved from let's say climate
disaster let's say the air was cleaned
in all around the world and the water
was clean if the only thing that
happened was all of those good things
and nobody ever said thank you scot-free
or you know a little piece of that I'd
be okay with that totally okay that
would be a hundred percent acceptable
not just acceptable most amazing outcome
ever I would be the happiest person in
the world if I were if I were some teeny
little piece of something good that
happened why wouldn't I how could
anybody feel bad about that
could you could you feel bad about being
part of something that really made a
difference of course not
you were all wired that way so it's part
of our most basic wiring that we do feel
good when we do stuff for the world was
good we held it so you may have seen the
punchy dinero Robert De Niro I call him
punchy because he threatens to punch
people
punchy De Niro went on CNN and dropped
the f-bombs on live TV talking about
Trump and when he was asked sort of
what's what's wrong with Trump he could
not articulate any reasons he just sort
of babbled about all the things he does
and I thought to myself
we've now i think i think punchi punchi
dinero i think he marked a turning point
in my understanding of the world and
here's the turning point
I no longer see Trump Trump resistance
as based on fears because it used to be
it used to be based on fear it was oh no
he's going to ruin the world if he gets
elected but that fear seems to have
dissipated by years of Trump
administration's so far in which things
are just going well you know the big
stuff economy Wars you know things are
kind of going well you know it aids is
being tapped down and I mean really we
are in an amazing time this is a great
time to be alive so people's fears I
think is shrunk so now they you know
they're still locked into opposing Trump
but they've lost the fear I think some
you know some few people probably have
it I think the average person has lost
the fear and that was really the mode of
anything then the next thing was the fax
they would look at the facts and they'd
say wait a minute it seems to be the fax
that Russia he was colluding with Russia
so for a long time they lost the fear
but then they jumped to the facts or the
facts these
acts from Schiff who is very reliable
yes he's very reliable and Maxine Waters
and all the other reliable Democrats
they're telling my team that there are
facts they would say Trump is bad
because of Russia collusion whoops the
facts disappeared because Muller could
not confirm what they imagined was to be
true so they lost their fear before he
got elected ah he's gonna ruin the world
nuclear explosions we're all gonna be
rounded up gays will be put in
concentration camps turns out he
actually is working hard to eradicate
AIDS who saw that coming
well everybody who voted for him saw her
coming so I believe we're in phase three
and punchy dinero is marking that that
period phase one were afraid of Trump
because he hasn't been elected and we're
told he will do terrible things
phase two well he's doing terrible
things and that happened with Russia
okay that wasn't true either facts go
away economy is doing great facts no
longer work we can't use facts against
the president anymore
our facts even the facts that were true
stuff about stormy Daniels there were
just inner two facts they were facts but
they didn't have any power now we're in
Phase three
do you know what phase three is
lifestyle right punchi De Niro is a
lifestyle resistor his identity his
social life
his reputation have all been
consolidated around this punchy hatred
of of Trump likewise a number of people
in Hollywood etc are managing their
brand and managing their brand requires
you know a certain set of beliefs you
got a to be concerned about the
environment while while ruining the
vital environment at the same time
apparently that seems necessary and I
would say the punchy when he could
simply not he couldn't even give a
reason he was on CNN they asked him
about the
only all he could do is swear in an
entertaining fashion he couldn't come up
with a reason not even like a general
wave your arms I think the president
well ruin X or Y he didn't have anything
nothing I think he marks the lifestyle
phase where the people are sort of
actors in their own life now we've been
watching this this to movie situation
and it's probably as stark as you could
possibly have it I tweeted about this I
forgot to write it down but I tweeted
that the two boobies have become at
least with this Ukraine situation one of
them is that a hero
warts an attempt a coup attempt on the
United States so the hero beats the coup
attempt and then through completely
legal processes with witnesses he asks
for an ally to the United States Ukraine
to help him with a legal investigation
of something he suspected might be a
problem and he wanted to get to the
bottom of it so that's one movie hero
pizza coup s and Ally for legal
completely legal help looking into a
legal situation that has great import to
this country because the person in
question is leading in the polls to be
the next president
that's one movie the other movie is
orange Hitler is rummaging for dirt on
his political opponent both both movies
seem to fit the observe two facts but I
believe that people are starting to see
the movies as movies in other words I
don't know if people are completely
buying anymore that their version of the
truth is actual truth there seems to be
something like an adopted truth or a
lifestyle truth or a preferred truth a
subjective truth that that the public is
sort of rallying behind two different
versions so punchy seems to have marked
that turning point where the
you don't even need reasons anymore
because nobody is adopting their
lifestyle because of reasons it's not
because of fear that was phase one it's
not because of facts that was phase two
that didn't work now we're in phase
three it's just a lifestyle and when you
start seeing it that way it looks
different watch out now that I've
pointed this out you're gonna see the
resistors as being sort of like you
voluntarily they're actors they are
literally acting out their play now let
me ask you this would you agree that the
resistance you know the people marching
in the streets against Trump started out
with high energy high fear like actual
fear of President Trump and the it led
to them acting on the actual fear with
violence we saw way too much violence is
it my imagination or has the violent
phase of the resistance kind of stopped
do you know why the violent phase would
stop now of course as soon as I say that
some Anti Fog idiot is going to hit
somebody over the head with a blunt
object so you know that's going to
happen so don't take it as an absolute
but in general the resistors anti-shah
et cetera went from high-energy scared
to death and willing to commit violence
on fellow citizens to act out their
resistance you don't see that deal when
when was the last time you saw that
level of energy and hatred on the street
it's not there because the fear has
dissipated the the reality of a few
years of Trump is like not as bad as we
thought that's not even close to whoa
actually it's pretty good I think I just
got a job offer well maybe I got
something else to do today so we're in
the third phase the lifestyle phase of
the resistance and when you see people
resisting you ask yourself does that
look real because it doesn't look real
anymore
I'll tell you what was different in the
first first months of the Trump
presidency when I saw somebody railing
against him in complaining it looked to
me as an observer real it didn't look
like politics to me it looked like real
citizens and I had I had empathy for
them like literally a lot
I had empathy for the people who were
scared to death that this president was
going to be you know promoting some kind
of Hollis talk Holocaust or something
they really believed it and I really
felt sorry for them that that group of
people has dissipated down to some kind
of seething mentally ill group and I
mean that with affection I'm best not an
insult
the mental illness is real I have actual
empathy for that there are people who
have been scared and frightened and PTSD
into some form of pretty bad mental
illness and it's a real thing and I
don't think we should laugh about it
it's actually real but but clearly the
temperature is way down at this point so
that's good let me tell you about the
president's tweet which I I consider one
of his best I was I was watching old
footage of Trump giving his his early
stump speeches it was also on that same
Showtime miniseries and I was taken by
how much better he's gotten if you look
at early footage of Trump when he was
just becoming a candidate for president
he was good and you could see
immediately you know why he had
something special but if you were to
compare Trump 2016
with Trump 2019 man he's gotten better
so you don't expect people to improve a
lot at that age at anything right you
don't think people are gonna get better
at something you're starting at age 70
or whatever you think now let's you
reach your cap that's the bad as good
you gonna get but Trump has apparently
yes somebody says he's more confident
he's more confident but he's also more
practiced so those two things are really
showing you look at his current
performance and I will call it a
performance because I think he would
it's tremendous it's it's unambiguously
the best we've ever seen I would say at
this point I I'm gonna say with complete
seriousness there's no hyperbole to what
I'm gonna say next
trumpet communication-wise he's the best
president better than Lincoln of course
liek Lincoln has some disadvantages
right didn't have any technology so
there's this sort of an apples to
oranges thing but certainly better than
all the modern television presidents you
know Kennedy had his and his charisma
and stuff but Trump overall he just
dusts Reagan he dust Clinton he does
Obama he does he's by far the best
communicator let me give you an example
now he of course he doesn't in the way
that maybe nobody will ever do it again
because he's more provocative you know
he's well all the things you know so
here's his tweet he's talking about the
whistle blower and Ukraine stuff and I'm
gonna read through it it's a long one
but then I'm gonna go back and I'm gonna
pick out the technique okay so the first
read-through was just to get the lay of
the land
and then they'll do the technique so
it's a three-part tweet that's why it's
so long
president Trump said yesterday like
every American
I deserve to meet my accuser especially
when this accuser the so-called
whistleblower represented a perfect
conversation with a foreign leader in a
totally inaccurate and fraudulent way
then shift made-up what I actually said
by lying to Congress his lies were made
in perhaps the most blatant and sinister
manner ever seen in the great chamber he
wrote down and read terrible things and
then said it was from the mouth of the
President of the United States
I want shift questioned at the highest
level for fraud and treason
in addition I want to meet not only my
accuser who represented second and
third-hand information but also the
person who illegally gave this
information who was largely incorrect to
the whistleblower was this person spying
in capital letters on the US president
big consequences do you know what the
big consequences are for being a spy
death penalty alright so what is the
president doing right and this tweet
just about everything just about
everything now remember when I say he's
doing everything right I mean as a
communicator and as a politician all
right I'm not saying that the facts are
correct right the factual accuracy as we
know doesn't seem to be a factor in
persuasion the whole Ukraine thing is
built on lies on both sides right it's
just the whole thing is just a big old
lie so the truth isn't actually a factor
it's a variable that can be ignored
for the purposes of looking at
persuasion now for those of you who are
new to me
I'm not saying that facts have no impact
they have an impact on the result all
the time they don't have much impact on
how we see things they don't have much
impact on persuasion so that's what I
say when I say facts no matter I mean to
persuasion not to whatever the outcome
is all right so here's president Trump's
technique his very first sentence he
says like every Americans a great way to
start this because you start by pacing
you say I am like you so that's always
the best communication style is to
establish that the viewer and the
speaker are one in the same he goes
right at it he goes like every American
bang what it what is the one of the
strongest brands and feelings that you
as an American most of your Americans
have and it's your identity as an
American especially Trump supporters who
he's mostly talking to so when you start
you're poor
by saying like every American what does
every American say they go okay that's
your frame starting from the frame of
we're all Americans go on continue and
then he continues he says I deserve to
meet my accuser
and they talks about the whistleblower
now what's your feeling forget about the
facts forget about the facts forget
about the law for a moment because I
know what you're gonna say forget about
the facts of the law for a moment when
you see what are you hear like every
American you say okay okay you're on my
team we're Americans and he says I
deserve to meet my accuser how do you
feel about that
damn right you agree with that right
legally he does not have a right to find
out who a whistleblower is in this
context all right we'll all agree that
on a factual basis there's no delineated
law or constitutional right there would
allow him to see his whistleblower at
this face if it became a legal problem a
legal case or even the Pietschmann
I don't know but at some point you can
imagine he could find out but at this
point he does not have that right but he
says I deserve to meet my accuser he
didn't say I have the right he said I
deserve how do you feel about that if
you were accused because he says I'm
like every American imagine you're in
this situation imagine you're an
American and you've been accused of
something by somebody you don't know
what's your sense of it how do you feel
about it how would you feel if it were
you right it's really good because he
says I'm just like you I'm not above the
law
I'm not below the law that that's
implied by saying like every American
like every American not above the law
not below the law we're a nation of laws
and he doesn't say I have a right to
meet my accuser he says I deserve it
boom now when people use the word
deserve I always mock them because
nobody deserves anything I mean I've
said that a million times in my life
like a child or somebody else will say
somebody
or something I always say the same thing
nobody deserves anything
there's just what you can get that's it
that's your world you if you can
convince somebody you deserve something
and they buy into that well they could
be good persuasion but it's a nonsense
concept we don't deserve anything there
they're just rules sometimes they're
followed sometimes they're not nobody
deserves anything but for persuasion
purposes perfect word because you would
put yourself in the same situation you
say if I were being accused of something
that could literally cost me my job and
I don't know who is accusing me is that
fair
nope so this is a really really strong
emotional reflexive point because it
puts people in his corner by saying I'm
not above the law but I'm not below the
law I'm like every American
I deserve to meet my accuser that
statement is as true as anything that
will ever be stated while at the same
time there's no legal basis for it okay
I'm up on these talks about the
so-called whistleblower so he puts the
whistleblower in quotes and that's good
because he's signaled signaling us to us
that the whistleblower may not be pure
meaning the whistleblower may not be
doing this simply because there was some
sense of wrong that they're trying to
surface but rather that it might be a
political situation so he puts it in
quotes he calls it a so-called
whistleblower so we know that there's
some doubts and that he talks about that
he represented a perfect conversation
with a foreign leader now he's been
using that phrase a perfect conversation
I love it because he's branding it
he actually branded a conversation that
man can brand damn near anything he can
prey on people he can brand border
security as the wall he brands like
nobody has ever branded and he's branded
a conversation as the perfect
conversation this were like the
Immaculate catchin football only
football fans know what I'm talking
about
but the Immaculate catch there was one
catch in all of
well they got his own brand it was so
special
it was the Immaculate reception now
Trump has branded a conversation as the
perfect conversation now is it true that
it was a perfect conversation it doesn't
matter what matters is he's branded it
that way and it definitely makes a
difference because if he repeats it
enough starts feeling like it's a fact
so very good technique and and then he
says that he's been misinterpreted in
inaccurate in fraudulent way then he
talks about ship when shifted his little
parody in front of Congress where Schiff
read something as if the president said
it before revealing that he was talking
you know that it was his own words and
he was speaking as if the president so
what shifted was parody which he
revealed as parody so after he did it he
made sure that we knew he'd made that
part up but still it was weaselly to the
extreme nobody who sees the situation
thinks that was an appropriate way to
break break it down it was persuasive
perhaps which is the problem Schiff did
something that probably was persuasive
it was persuasive that's why he did it
because you remember what he said better
than you remember people saying that's
not what the president said so it's it's
the old print the lie and then later a
week later put the little the little
disclaimer this under whoops we got that
fact wrong and then nobody reads his
disclaimer so you get away with the
persuasion that was in the fake fact so
the president is characterizing shifts
parody which even Schiff said was parody
at the time when he was done with it he
could he's called them lies that were
made in perhaps the most blatant and
sinister manner that's kind of true they
were you could call I think you could
fairly call them lies because they were
presented in a way to persuade the
viewer that they were
truthfulness to them that there was a
truth equality to them without being
precisely accurate so I think you could
call it a lie and was it made in a
blatant and sinister manner the most
blatant and one ever seen in the Great
Chamber well here we see the president's
hyperbole which always works could it be
the most blatant and sinister manner
ever seen in the Great Chamber so that's
good technique
what bad technique would be to say it
was blatant and sinister good technique
is to make you wonder if it's the if
it's the most blatant and sinister thing
you've ever seen in the great chamber
imagine how many how many blatant and
sinister things have happened in that
chamber probably a lot so if he's making
you once again think past the sale if
you're asking yourself is it the most
blatant sinister thing or is it maybe
the top 10 I don't know if it's the most
blatant and sinister thing that's ever
happened in the Great Chamber but you
know if it's in the conversation it's
probably in the top 10 so that's a
technique to make you think past the
question into the the less relevant
question of whether it's the most
blatant and sinister Trump uses this
technique all the time and it's really
good technique you wrote down and read
terrible things then said it was from
the mouth of the president well sort of
that's close in the general neighborhood
of what sort of happened what he doesn't
say is that Schiff meant it as parodies
so the president's using a little bit of
let's say creative exaggeration of what
happened to for effect but does it well
because people reading this are not up
on all the details it says in addition I
want to meet not only my accuser who
presented second and third-hand
information so there he's he's reframing
the information as second and third-hand
now I had not heard that there was only
third hand
information had you now if there had
never been anything called third and
information in this it's still smart
that he throws that in there because
it's hard to disprove that some of it is
third hand and he doesn't give her
percentage there might've been one thing
that was third hand and all the rest was
second hand which would be in something
right versus one thing purses one thing
that was second hand and all the rest
was third hand by not putting any sense
of perspective on it the reader is left
to say wow third-hand information isn't
worth anything you know we all know that
game telephone right where information
changes every time it's whisper to the
next person so just by throwing in that
third hand part his he makes you think
past the sale again because you end up
arguing with yourself well how much of
it was secondhand and how much of it was
third and if you're thinking about that
he's already got your mind where he
wants it which is thinking about the
unreliability of the information a great
technique for persuasion but he also
wants to know who is the person who
illegally was the original source
apparently somebody who was in the room
or listening to it and it was largely
incorrect he says this so-called
whistleblower and that he ends with was
this person spying in all capitals on
the US president big consequences now
here's the beauty of that President
Trump knows that when he uses this word
spying and he knows this from experience
because it just happened like his fresh
in his mind that when he used the word
spy it makes the news go crazy all right
so this is where he's controlling the
your attention and what the news will
talk about he does this on Sunday so
that the whenever all that the a players
get back to work that's what they have
to chew on so he's giving this word
spying he puts it in capital letter so
you can't possibly miss it so the
president who say here's your red meat
here's some red meat here here here
everybody
you know in the news is like spying he
does he want to execute this person he
was to execute him you know what it
means when he says big consequences that
can only mean one thing we're not a
democracy
he's a dictator he wants to he was to
execute his staff first and see so this
was sort of the symptoms that that made
me want to talk about this this is so
obviously the president screw it with
the press
he is so obviously probably laughing out
loud when he wrote this sentence because
not only does he know exactly how they
will interpret it but he already watched
them do it once and it didn't make any
difference it just it just made them go
crazy for a week so he's just giving
them the same red meat he gave them last
time because he knows what they're gonna
do with it and he knows it didn't hurt
him he knows it didn't hurt him let's
say you're a uninterested observer let's
say you're somewhere in the middle as if
there's anybody was in the middle one on
Trump but I pathetically imagine that
there a few people were undecided yeah I
can't even say that with a straight face
who in the world would be undecided
about Trump like just such a person
exists but let's imagine that there's
somebody who's close closer than sitting
on the fence here does this does this
sit right with you that somebody might
have been called a spy for outing the
president on a private conversation
which he it was private but he did it
with other people in the room so
obviously he wasn't trying to hide it
from posterity he was doing it with the
assumption he was doing something legal
and useful apparently because he did it
in front of lots of witnesses but do you
feel that whoever outed him was a
whistleblower or do you feel that they
were kind of a weasel
well it's sort of a toss-up right the
people on the left will will retreat to
whistleblower the people on the right
will say the spy but he's introducing
this thought that that person is just
will say not to be respected a
whistleblower is somebody you respect a
lot so you would give an extra extra
credit to a whistleblower for taking
personal risk to do something good for
the world
so whistleblowers sort of a real
high-level credible label to have on
somebody and you don't want your
opponent to be labeled with the most
respectful label so he's gone all the
way as far as you can go to a
disrespectful label which is a spy who
could actually be executed for being so
bad now I don't believe anybody thinks
that the person in the room was an
actual spy for another country but what
would a spy for another country do in a
situation like this if if there were
let's say a Chinese spy or if there were
a Russian spy let's imagine if there
were an actual spy who was really
working for a foreign government how
would they act that would be different
from how this so-called whistleblower
acted how different would it be probably
not probably not different right if you
were a Chinese spy and you wanted to
take down this government that might be
what I'm ready to go to out him for a
conversation which seems at least mildly
impeachable or at least people are gonna
think so if you wanted to so discontent
wouldn't you do it that way all right no
you wouldn't but the answer is you would
never become a whistleblower if you were
a spy in the real world because if you
could if you were a spy and you had so
much access
you were listening to the president's
phone call or you were talking to people
who had just listened to it you don't
give yourself up that would be the best
buy ever so what's not happening I don't
think there's any chance that this
so-called whistleblower is working for a
foreign country because if they were
they wouldn't give up their cover it
would be too valuable if they were that
close to the inside so there isn't
really any chance that this person was a
spy in the foreign country kind of spy
doesn't fit any rational theory that you
can imagine where they wouldn't now I
say that at the same time I have a book
coming out called loser thinking which I
warn people that their lack of
imagination should not be seen as
evidence now because I can't imagine a
situation in which would make sense for
a foreign spy to do what this alleged
whistleblower is doing it doesn't mean
there is no theory that would make that
make sense I just can't think of one so
if you also can't think of one that's a
pretty good sign that we can't think of
us so I don't think it's that with
foreign spies situation I don't think
it's Russian interference and so using
the word spy is clearly meant as just
getting the getting the press to go nuts
and but spy could mean in this sense for
the Democrats or for the deep state now
if they're a spy for the deep state and
the deep state literally exists you
meaning that they have meetings you know
they talk to each other and they're
trying to overthrow a legally elected
person for just power reasons well I
think you could call that a spy that
would be a spy for the coup planners but
I don't know if I will ever be the right
fit so I will not allege that said
whistleblower is a spy
probably a partisan now being Scott is
intellectual but misguided we block
people who say stuff like that
goodbye remember you're always allowed
to disagree and you're always allowed to
give reasons but when you simply insult
me without putting a reason that I block
you because I don't want people like you
in my life you can disagree with me all
day long
tell me what's wrong you got plenty of
room you don't even have to give details
you could say I disagree with you
because of you know the Constitution and
I would say oh okay there's no details
there but at least you know it's obvious
you have some kind of reason that you're
thinking you know get blocked for that
if you even suggest that you have a
reason for your opinion I will not block
you assuming is a legitimate sounding
reason yeah I don't have to agree with
it just has to be in the realm of
legitimate alright that's just my little
rule so just recapping the president's
excellent tweet he you know deferred
departs he farts he departs from the
fact checking per usual uses as
hyperbole in place of more accurate
language as usual but damn it's good
because he's creating a new cycle that
will look like it's bad for him because
people will jump on this and say you
calling him a spy you're you're bringing
risk to him you're bad person
but it's gonna make you deal with the
word spy so if he if the president makes
his critics talk about the president
using the word spy and he doesn't long
enough more people will hear that the
Democrats have spied on him in the White
House or the deep state did so he is
getting his message amplified by his
critics which is amazingly good form and
I would say that in this case you know
I'm not a mind-reader right so it could
be wrong which is always a good thing to
say when you you're about to say what
I'm gonna say
if you ever say something like I'm about
to say and you don't throw in but I
could be wrong you're probably a little
overconfident in your opinions so I
could be wrong but it seems to me that
president is signaling with a wink and a
nod to his supporters that he's just
getting the anti-trump press stirred up
and and that he's doing it intentionally
because it implies his message it looks
it looks pretty over to me but again I
could be wrong I'm not a mind reader all
right reveal the name of the
whistleblower yeah I don't know how that
process works so I think I have to get I
think I have to get educated on what
happens to the identity of a
whistleblower
if the whistleblower complaint you know
keeps going to through its process I
don't even know what the processes I
suppose it depends if there's a crime or
not a crime yes and then there was the
story about the whistleblower rules
suspiciously changed about a month ago
quietly to allow secondhand information
now I don't actually have a problem with
that that change that's a change that I
listen to and I got you know if if
somebody comes to you with second-hand
information of some horrible thing
happening you'd want to look into it
even if it's secondhand information so I
don't think the rule change is a bad one
but the timing of it seems pretty
suspicious it could be a coincidence but
you don't know what that I'm just
looking at your comments here for a
moment
yeah who changed it I think that's still
a question that hasn't been answered all
right well let's get back to all the
lifestyle the lifestyle politics that we
have adopted all right oh let me say
something about
transgender athletes because I saw
something in the comments that reminded
me that
so as you famously know I made most if
not all of you angry by saying
transgender athletes should be allowed
to compete now there's there's a second
part of this that needs to be said and
it goes like this
why is there a separate men's and
women's league for any sports now you're
gonna say Scott well that's a dumb
question because there's a size
difference there's muscle difference you
know if small women played on the same
team with large men first of all they
could never make the team and second of
all they get hurt and third of all why
can't women have sports where they could
excel why should they always you know be
in the sport to them you know have some
lower role sit on the bench or something
right that doesn't make any sense but
here's the thing every sport is divided
even within gender let's say we're just
talking about the men every sport is
divided by talent level always they're
all divided by talent level if you threw
men and women together and continue
doing what we already do which is
dividing the entire sport by talent
level some people are professionals some
are semi-pro some baited on the college
team some played on a competitive you
know casual league some played on a less
competitive casually some played in just
pickup games you can find a league in
which you are compatible no matter what
your what your biological truth is I
used to play in an indoor soccer league
a co-ed indoor soccer league it was a
co-ed indoor soccer league now if you've
ever played co-ed soccer and you put a
top male co-ed soccer player against you
know even a pretty good female player
the female player could get hurt unless
they were you know probably if they were
college or professional level they would
know
not to get hurt but it would be a
dangerous situation was there ever any
problem with my pickup League which had
all different class levels you know from
from a real competitive one to adjust
people who learn to play soccer
yesterday nah the men in the women
played on the same team perfectly well
because all of the leagues were
organized by talent level so I played on
my own team with this happened by
complete coincidence I didn't know it at
the time I just got my friends to be on
a team what I didn't know is as several
of my friends were insanely good soccer
players I didn't even know that and some
of them were women so the the women on
the team were so good that they were
clearly better than some of the men now
that means that we were we were about
you know in the right place meaning that
if some of the women are better than
some of the men and vice versa you're on
the right team now soccer if somebody's
saying bad example soccer is one sport
but every sport has that quality where
people can compete at a higher level or
a lower level and just find their level
now if part of what makes you not as
competitive is your size let's say
you're really good at something but
you're not very big there's there's a
level for you you might be the best one
on the lower level but you would know
and everybody else would know that if
you went up a level it would be
dangerous you know you wouldn't be able
to compete at that level you get hurt
then don't do it
so and I'm a same thing if if the best
woman fighter wants to compete against
what would probably be almost one of the
worst male fighters because they're
roughly competitive I don't see any
problem with that if they're competitive
now you wouldn't want the best female
player best female MMA fighter to fight
the best male fighter because that would
just be dangerous and we don't do that
we don't do it even within Jeff
you don't take the best female MMA
fighter and have her fight the worst MMA
fighter those two never get in the cage
they never fight so those who are of you
who are complaining about transgender
maybe rethink of this why do we have a
separate male and female sports to begin
with it would be simple because we
already do it within Jenner's to divide
the teams by skill level that's it
that's the whole thing it's easy and
there's probably I would imagine that in
the future
separating sports by gender just
wouldn't make sense now you might ask
yourself well Scott Scott Scott doesn't
that mean that there would be no women's
team that ever got to compete late let's
say at a high school level you know that
they wouldn't have a team because the
best team would presumably be 99% men
there be a few few women that would get
through it but 99 percent men is that
fair
well is it fair that I can't make the
basketball team is that fair I'm 5 foot
8 so if I can't make my high school
basketball team should they make a new
basketball team for me because I'm not
tall that was shouldn't I be able to
petition my school and get a law change
so that short people can be on the on
the starting team why not why is it fair
that short people can't be on the team
the answer is these things are not
designed to be fair sports are designed
to showcase unfairness if you think is
anything else you're probably seeing it
wrong the whole point of sports is to
showcase that some people are amazing at
it and it's fun to watch them play and
other people are not so good and they
are treated as not so good they get the
lesser leagues
fewer people watch them they don't get
the same level of equipment that's just
the way it goes I would be in the same
category as most women because I'm not
big enough to play you know and 90% of
men would also be in the category of not
good enough to play on the high school
team 90 percent 95 percent right
don't 95 percent of males and not make
the team
so who the hell cares that a handful of
kids in high school got to be stars and
they were all mad I don't care cuz I'm
not one of them screwed you could get
rid of the whole sports in general I'd
be okay with it because I'm not on the
team anyway just to be clear I could
have made all of my teams in high school
[Laughter]
high school and I actually could have
played on the varsity basketball team
my coach actually asked me to play but
that's how bad the team was that's not
how good I was that's how bad the teams
were and you're saying a lot of women
care well
uh-huh let's say a hundred percent of
women thought that was unfair to to do
it that way just one set of teams and
you both every gender however many
gender as you want it wouldn't matter
how many genders are cuz just you could
be anybody could play you just find your
level within the sport would that be
unfair to women
sure would it be unfair to men who were
not athletic exactly the same way
exactly the same way sports are not
designed to be fair they're designed for
the best people to be highlighted and
and celebrated I think that's a bunch of
ridiculousness and should end but if
people want to do it I'm in the same
category as the women same category as
the transgenders who don't get to play
on the on the varsity team we all have
some physical limitation that prevents
us from playing on the top team so I'm
with the trans trans athletes I'm with
them because I'm more like them than I
am like a star quarterback I'm more like
the women than I am like the star
quarterback because I can't make the
team either can't make the team
I don't have those skills never can have
those skills so but I also think the
sports are a bunch of BS they're you
know probably over emphasized all right
that's all I got to say about that so
I'm solidly with the transgender
athletes and the women on this we're all
the same at the same category we can't
make the team either I just don't care
and I think we should just have one set
of sports and everybody can just find
their level it works better than you
think it does
I'll tell you I have to tell you that
co-ed soccer is way more fun than
male-only soccer you know because I've
played a lot of both and it's fun
because it just just brings in some
extra something it's just another level
of variable that makes it better that's
all for me I'll talk to you later