[Music]
hey everybody
join me it's time for coffee Scott Adams
[Music]
simultaneous f ya rabbee this doesn't
happen by itself because if they did we
wouldn't be calling it the simultaneous
sip simultaneously
oh that's good oh so we got some stuff
to talk about this morning boy do we
let's talk about all the protests now
I've no expert on protests but I'll give
you a few observations now I don't know
if anybody is an expert at protests but
I would think there are a few things you
have to get right in order to be a
proper protest number one the thing
you're protesting should be something
that you don't already have am I wrong
about that in other words if I were to
protest against not being an old
cartoonist well no that's a bad example
let's put it this way if the thing
you're asking for has already been
granted to you in other words if you'd
like to get children and families kept
together and your government has already
agreed to do that has literally signed
an order to do that and is literally
working as hard as they can I assume to
get it done but it you know it's
sort of thing that doesn't happen
immediately anyway what exactly are you
protesting so that's my first suggestion
don't hold a national protest for
something you already have secondly if
your protest looks more like you know
multi-user dress-up game what's the name
for that what's the name for the where
you played it's like Dungeons & Dragons
cosplay cosplay if your protest looks
exactly like cosplay you might be doing
it wrong I saw people on both sides who
would apparently put a lot of effort
into their costumes and their science
now it looks a lot more like a lifestyle
decision than a protest I think people
were enjoying this just a little bit too
much a little bit too much
I saw I saw I think it was people on the
right you who had Viking outfits and
shields I saw an T file with their
little black masks and their clubs I saw
you know proud boys with their beards
and their muscles I saw I don't think I
saw the pink hats but I'm sure
there was a I'm sure there was a dress a
style associated with a certain a
certain group of people so if your
protest looks like cosplay you're
probably not going to be taken too
seriously
now the other thing is you should
probably pick something to protest
that doesn't make you look like a giant
hypocrite well that's probably a minimum
so in other words if a group of
murderers had a protest against murder
you might say to yourself wait a minute
you guys are murderers why are you
protesting against murder terrible
example but here we have people who were
allegedly protesting the treatment of
children in the detention centers being
separated from parents where else do we
have a problem of that similar scope
maybe a larger scope where else do we
have a similar problem where children
are in bad situations people are saying
prison partial credit
well abortions the clever answer but
that's not what I was going for foster
care yeah no it's easier than that
divorce it's yeah it's much easier than
that do you know why there are children
in worse shape than the kids in the
cages pretty much everywhere yeah all
over the planet probably hundreds of
millions where's all the outrage for the
hundreds of millions of kids who are
starving abused separated from a parent
alcoholic parent yeah school people are
saying school yes where else can you
find a children who were very upset
about whatever their situation is and
they are crying like they are in
terrible distress where else can you
find that
besides in these cages at the border and
by the way I'm not in favor of kids in
cages just just want to make that clear
because I know a lot of people like to
jump in and say wait a minute
he has gone he has talked for 30 seconds
and he did not say he is against
children in cages in
makes us think he's for it here's
another little laugh yeah so if the
people marching and protesting to help
the children continue marching and
protesting to help all of the other
children when this is over I would say
to myself there are some people who care
so if you have been protesting for the
benefit of children before this issue
and if you continue protesting after I'm
gonna say that's a nice person that is
someone fighting for children everywhere
if the only time you protested for the
benefit of children was the time you
dressed up and went out on a nice summer
day with your friends
you're not exactly a credible player but
I'm sure it felt good
so I have to say has this happened to
any of you the whole children in cages
things my my first impression probably
similar to almost everybody else's which
is we gotta do something
this is not the way our country should
be get those kids out of cages etc now I
know a lot of people were saying well
it's the best we can do you know the
alternatives are worse which they are
you know people if you don't separate
them then you're putting the adults who
may not be their parents with kids there
may be worse worse issues so some of you
are rationalizing in a way but I think
on a visceral level most of you said
well I don't like this because no but
nobody wants their parents parents and
kids separated if there's a way to avoid
it
so that was my first impression but the
impact of these these protests to me is
sort of work the opposite of what I
think they intended I think the protests
in a weird way trivialized it
am I wrong about that does it seem to
you that the protests trivialized it
because it seems to me the protests were
about the protesters yeah I know they
had signs about the children and I also
believe that they care about the
children the other people who care about
the children are all of the people
that's who else people with science care
about the children and also all of the
people who did not have science there's
nobody in this conversation who doesn't
care about the kids there's nobody in
the conversation that doesn't want to
help them so when you have a national
protest about something that has already
been given to you and serious people are
trying to do what they can within the
constraint of their resources to to fix
that situation
you're not serious anymore and I can't
take you seriously anymore this was the
most trivial protest about a real issue
see this is I'm getting more clever now
because so easily I could be taken out
of context there the issue is real the
protest
I think trivialized it because the
protest was about the protesters the
protesters might have might as well have
gone out in the streets and said I hate
Trump and this kid thing is kind of a
convenient issue to rally around
basically using the kids as their
political pawns who else is using the
kids as their political pawns the people
with the signs are using kids as
political pawns who else is using the
kids as political pawns answer all the
other people including me right now
everybody's doing it there's no one side
who's using the kids as political pawns
if you're talking about it and you're
making a political point you're using
the kids as your political pawns
just like I am right now so let let's
not pretend one side is doing that
alright that's that's now the universal
context here in other news some of you
may know Michael Ian Black
either from his many acting and other
roles or from you know movies etc or you
may him know him from the internet where
he is one of the more vocal anti-trump
errs he tweeted today and let me read
the actual tweet and - oops and my
response to it yeah we will do that in
real time while you're waiting talk
among yourselves have a simultaneous
simple didn't give you any warning there
sorry how they hate it when my phone
doesn't work
ah alright so Michael Ian Black
tweeted today have never felt continual
daily dread about my country before I
wake up with it go to sleep with it it's
exhausting so he's describing something
that in my opinion in my in my medical
opinion is a genuine problem now I I'm
watching your comments and I want to
warn you away from this point of view if
you think that why he's describing is
something just about this one person
you're not paying attention he's
describing a very common feeling and
I've been I've talked to a few other
people recently who have described
actual physical mental symptoms that are
quite extreme from actually throwing up
to you know terrible stress etc and I
think there was a time when I and pretty
much all of you were a little bit
entertained by it it was a little bit of
fun
your side wand and the other side didn't
wind and they were so sure they were
gonna win and that made it extra fun
because they were so cocky but at this
point it has actually metastasized into
something that's a legitimate like
actually your health is in danger kind
of a problem and here's the next point
there are so many people experiencing it
that it would be ridiculous to say
there's something wrong with the people
in other words there's nothing
organically wrong with them they're not
extra dumb they're not extra gullible
you know more than the average person
there's nothing individually that's
wrong with them they're they are
experiencing something closer to PTSD
right if a soldier gets PTSD you don't
say well there was something wrong with
that one soldier although they used to
back in the old days it would be more
fair to say lots of people get PTSD
the problem is whatever's causing the
PTSD it's not it's not some defect and
the person who got it
the person who got it was just the
victim they're normal it was the it was
the force that caused it that's the
problem
likewise there is a situation in the
country that is causing I don't know how
many people corner of the country maybe
more to have something like a mental a
mental health problem and if you have a
mental health problem that's this
stressful PTSD why's that absolutely is
going to affect your overall health
so I've I've sort of turned a corner
here on how I feel about the people who
are in this distress and I only feel
sorry for them now it doesn't seem funny
anymore it sort of went from this is
hilarious you know you saw the pictures
of the the Trump supporters screaming at
the sky okay I still laugh at that
picture of the woman yelling at the sky
with a pink hat on but that was also
just right after the
and it didn't look like it was permanent
you know if you saw somebody getting
permanent brain damage
you wouldn't laugh at that but if you
see somebody who is just temporarily
upset about something that you don't
think is important and you think it's
gonna wear off in a few weeks
well you might laugh at that what it
started to look kinda permanent not
starting to it's it's looking like a
long-term problem so here's what I
tweeted back to Michael Ian Black when
he he mentioned his distress over the
the country
I said Koenig aside this is my retweet
of his tweet I said kidding aside this
is a legitimate national health issue
and then I mentioned Michael Ian Black
and I said if if you want your
discomfort reduced by half I can
probably do that for you with one
FaceTime call you'll hear things that
half the country has never heard serious
offer now I don't know that he will
appeal would respond to that I don't
know if you would take you seriously but
it's a serious offer and I think there's
something good could come of it because
if I could make him feel a little less
anxious PTSD stressed without changing
his understanding of the facts because I
don't I don't know that I would have to
change in his understanding of what he's
seeing just have just how he's
processing it and a different sense of
what the risks are involved but I'm
pretty sure I could reduce his stress by
half and that I could do it fairly
quickly in in the you know in the length
of a phone call or a FaceTime connection
and it would be an interesting
experiment to see if I could now one
thing I worry about is that anybody who
sees this sort of an offers that you
know might think there's a trick to it
you know maybe the trick is
they think their their feelings are
completely well matched to the reality
and that if I make them care less about
it the only thing to change was their
caring but the problem was still there
so you know maybe somebody would say now
I I want to feel the way I feel because
that matches the size of the problem you
know so I would not expect someone I
would not expect someone to take me up
on that offer but I can tell you from a
number of conversations then I have left
people in a completely different
understanding about their situation than
when they started
so I'm pretty sure that I could
accomplish what I what I offered
somebody says I sat silent while Obama
destroyed our country
well the biggest the biggest point I
think anybody needs to understand here
is that the party that's out of power is
the crazy one you you know you you've
seen me go back and forth you know
across the the party lines and the you
know the political lines enough to know
that you know I bring with me a little
bit of objectivity I don't think any
human can be objective about politics
but I I probably get closer to most
people just just because you see me on
you know both sides of the line often
enough that you know that's true my
observation was that when Obama was
president the the Fox News version of
the world looked a little crazy and now
that Trump is in charge the CNN version
of the world looks a little crazy and
there's a good reason for that the
reason is that when you're in charge you
can do actual real things that probably
help because mostly the country moves
forward it's very rare that the country
is moving backwards
you know most
things are improving a little bit as you
as you go forward so the person in power
is going to have some real
accomplishments or things that look like
accomplishments you saw Obama take over
an economy that was on the brink of
complete meltdown when he left it wasn't
super strong but it was solid
right so Obama had things to claim you
know he you know you could argue about
whether they were real accomplishments
or not but there were real things
meanwhile what did what did the
opposition have to complain about
mostly imaginary stuff we imagined that
he hates the country I don't think
that's the case we imagine that he's a
secret Muslim sleeper cell probably not
we imagine that he wasn't really born in
this country so that we can we can
maintain our fantasy that he will be
removed from office by a technicality
sound familiar
Russian collusion investigation a
fantasy that there could be a
technicality they would remove this
president it's all the same it's just
you're on the other side of it now and
it's invisible to you once you change
sides you just think oh I guess somebody
good finally won an election and now all
that bad stuff I don't have to think
about so more all right so the main
thing you have to understand is that the
party out of power is the crazy one most
of you are on the pro Trump side that's
why you're watching this periscope and
so at the moment you are actually not
the crazy ones
congratulations but I promise you that
if you know somebody like Octavia Cortes
becomes president in seven years or
whenever she is old enough you are gonna
be batshit crazy
now I'm not I'm not I'm not saying that
I'm not predicting that I'm not
predicting that she'll be President I'm
just saying that if it happened if
Bernie became president if somebody you
know
super left became president you would
lose your and I'm talking about you
know Michael Allen black style mental
anguish you would be in a bad bad way
and the PTSD would just be reversed so
have a little sympathy for the side out
of power it could do you some good
and it might protect you when you you
know if you should become an power
someday or at least your political side
it might give you a little bit of
protection from the PTSD now let's talk
about how my day has gone for the last
few days because it's all about me I I
had a realization a few weeks ago that
if you were to take all of the things
anybody has ever complained about me
either
on the internet or by email or even in
my personal life all of the things that
people have criticized before or
complained about I believe and I don't
think this is an exaggeration at all I
think I think this is actually pretty
close that 98 98 percent or some big
number like that I'm gonna say 98% of
the things that people are angry at me
about or imaginary yeah there there
there are opinions I don't have if you
want to see a good example of this
there's some somebody on the internet
last two or three days who asked me if I
was a socialist because I said something
about the persuasion skills of Octavia
Cortes I'll never be able to say her
full name
Oh AC or whatever it is yeah and and so
somebody said are you a socialist
because you say that Ocasio Cortez since
I said that Ocasio Cortez had
persuasion skills does that mean I'm a
socialist now Mike Serna vich made the
observation first and I was just tagged
on to his tweet and agreed with it and
his observation was that she has
persuasion skills that are you know
could be it certainly but could be on a
par with Trump now that's just talking
about persuasion skills but somebody
said are you supporting the socialist
that means you're a socialist right now
I decided not to answer that question
the first time it was asked because it
was just a stupid question and I only
answered maybe half of the questions
that people ask me on Twitter because
there are so many of them if it's a good
question or something I think really
needs to be clarified all ezarik if it's
a dumb question such as am i a socialist
because I like the persuasion skills of
a candidate which are just two
completely different things
I might ignore it which I did what did
that cause it caused people to pour in
and say I knew there was something wrong
with that guy
that's secret socialist my god you know
we found him he's and then other people
came in and said I knew it all along
this whole thing is about selling books
and he's just a secretive socialist
that's right if people called me a
socialist while simultaneously
criticizing me for being a capitalist
this happened I'm not making it up
people were criticizing me for being a
socialist who is a capitalist selling a
book all right
now I don't know who's the biggest
capitalist in the world but it might be
me so if you ask me if I'm a ghost or an
elbonian
or a communist or a socialist or an
outer space alien there's a good chance
I'm not going to give you a sir
direct answer to your question but and
this is important for those of you who
confused by it just because I don't
answer the question Scott are you a
space alien that is not proof that I'm a
space alien
there are some questions that just don't
deserve an answer because I would hope
it would be obvious but that was not
that that was not the case all right
so for those people poor people on on
Twitter who were confused I am NOT a
socialist that said it is a fact that we
live in the country that is part
socialist because they take my taxes and
they distribute it to other people for
social goods it is also true as I've
said many times that I think we cannot
call our country great unless we have
quality health care for everybody at
some affordable cost uh did I disavowed
David Duke yes i disavow David Duke
that's the way you do it by the way you
know that's one of those that the David
Duke one you do have to answer the the
are you a space alien or are you a ghost
or are you a socialist you can ignore
those but if somebody asks you if you
support the KKK the only right answer is
no I don't i disavow them if we've
learned nothing all right
everybody has healthcare not everyone
has insurance big difference well there
is a big difference but in a practical
sense there are people who have to go to
the emergency room to get their health
care and that's not an ideal situation
for anybody Blackhawk neighbor five
houses away
I wonder if I know you so my take on
health care is that we can't get there
by taxation we might be able to get
there by using technology and being
smarter about what regulations and what
laws we have so that we could we could
do health care in an expensive way
imagine if you will have you seen Li the
doctors who charge a monthly fee without
insurance getting in the middle so
they'd be for example a small doctor's
office that can do everything except
what a hospital can do or what a
hospital is for and those doctors will
charge like a low monthly fee because
there's no insurance in the middle so
they might charge you one hundred and
fifty dollars a month or something and
you can use their services as much as
you want now if you add that to for
example of a catastrophic health care
insurance you probably have something
pretty close to affordable but not many
people have access to that kind of a
clinic yeah and then you've got Jeff
Bezos doing his pharmacy idea I would
expect you know affirm it I would expect
that we could lower healthcare costs by
something like I I think what is
achievable is a 75% reduction with the
exception of the end-of-life stuff which
is unfortunately the expensive part
[Music]
still have the problem of pre-existing
conditions yeah you might need some
special kind of insurance for a
catastrophic and for pre-existing so but
you know maybe there's some ways that
those two things the things that people
can't afford and can't help themselves
there might be some insurance for that
that makes sense let old people die
already
well you know unfortunately I think
there might be a time when
when people are choosing to go out on
their own terms in society may may find
that that's okay you know think of it
think about this in our current world if
I said to you hey how would it be if old
people who probably will live a long
time but they don't like the quality of
their life they've got some medical
problems whatever if I said hey you how
about we have a society that lets those
people take their own life in some
painless way most people would say no
most people would say no you can't have
people you know killing themselves even
with a doctor's help just because
they're you know not happy about how
their old age is going right a lot of
people would say yes but love but most
majority would say no but now imagine
this imagine we go from the place where
we can keep you alive an extra year
let's say that's our current situation
we can keep you alive a year longer than
maybe nature would have done it what
happens when we can keep you alive for
50 years right what if I can keep you
alive but the quality of your life sucks
but you're gonna be alive for fifty more
years let's say you're 60 but science
gets to the point where well you won't
be able to walk around and you won't be
able to eat solid food but your brain
will be alive you know people can visit
you you'll be mostly bedridden and it'll
last 50 years what does society do then
well that's the point at which voluntary
voluntary check out if you if I could
put it that way that's the point when
society says yeah well how about we just
look the other way and if you want to
take a trip to that state that allows
that we're not going to judge you so I
think as science improves its ability to
keep people alive but unhappy this is
the trick the longer that period is the
I can keep you alive and unhappy it's
gonna get longer and longer until
society will just say well let's get a
little flexible about when people check
out let's talk about abortion changing
the subject all of these life and death
situations before talking about abortion
it's always useful to state the opinion
of the person who's talking my opinion
on abortion is that I as I male I I take
myself out of the conversation and I'm
willing to follow the lead of women so
if women collectively you want it legal
illegal whatever they want I'm gonna
follow the lead because I have nothing
to add to the conversations I'm not
advocating my vote and if my money is
involved of course I want an opinion if
your money's involved of course you want
an opinion too so I'm not saying you
change the law I'm just saying that I
personally take myself out of the
conversation because I don't add
anything so whatever women collectively
want is gonna be where we're unlikely to
support all right having said that
that's not my point
here's my point would you be comfortable
with your federal government ever
deciding that killing citizens is a good
deal in other words there are a lot of
gray areas right there's there's doctor
assisted suicide there's there's war
there's the death penalty there's
abortion now depending on your
definitions of things you know that
people will put them in different
categories but there are a number of
life and death types of decisions that
governments get involved with I have a
political philosophy that I want to
share with you
and that is that the federal government
as opposed to the state governments so
this what I'm going to say does not
apply to the states only the federal
government I think the federal
government should always err on the side
of life because and this is not even
this has nothing to do with abortion per
se or any of those issues per se the
states are closer to the people and it
just makes more sense for them to deal
with the life-or-death situations
it also gives somebody the option of
moving to another state if they feel
that strongly about it
but I think I want my federal government
in every gray area to to be biased
toward life no matter what they
personally believe about abortion or a
capital punishment or anything else let
the state's work that stuff out it just
feels like the right place to do it
I just don't want I don't want the the
entity that controls the military you
know the federal government I don't want
the entity that controls the federal
government to ever to ever take a gray
area position against what may or may
not be life just period doesn't matter
what the topic is we might have new
topics some day that fit into this you
know technology might create a situation
where there are new topics of life and
death and in those topics I want our
federal government to err on the side of
whatever keeps its citizens alive now
that might mean just taking themselves
out of the conversation so if this if
the states are making decisions that are
they're different one state to the other
you know at least in the marketplace of
ideas and freedom and all that people
have some option not an easy option but
you know at least you have an option to
move to another state if it mattered all
right
somebody says it's exactly the same with
pot no I don't know if it is because pot
isn't really a life-and-death situation
I'm talking specifically about gray
areas of life and death you know should
you for example if somebody is in a coma
should the federal government have any
say about whether you pull the plug I
say no the federal government should
have no say now whether or not the state
government has some say in that you know
I still I think probably it should be
between the doctor and the parents and
the patient but certainly the state
would be in the more appropriate place
to have any say and the federal
government should just stay that kind of
it you don't want to live in a country
you don't want to live in a country
where the federal government the one
that controls the army can ever ever
ever on any topic in any gray area say
you know let's kill a few citizens
because I think I think that'll be okay
say with the death penalty death penalty
you leave it up to the states same thing
you don't want your federal government
killing citizens or to have the
appearance of killing citizens that's
that's what abortion is right so you
know half the country says that is
killing you know that's killing people
in half the country says now it's a
medical procedure but they would
acknowledge that a lot of people see it
as killing and if in that situation get
the federal government out of it you
don't want to live in that country where
the federal government could ever decide
that's okay these aren't really people
because you don't want them to decide
that about anything else you don't want
to start that trend all right what else
have we not talked about today
I'm just looking at your comments right
now the heatwave Michael Moore well I
think Michael Moore is a good example of
the the Michael Allen black Michael Ian
Black situation that I think you know I
think more is sincere and I think that
his his distress is probably real yeah I
think Michael Moore's distress like you
know maybe a quarter of the country is
is legitimately a medical mental problem
all right am I getting up to speed on
Cloward and Piven I don't know who they
are I said somebody said stormy who
stormy who indeed let's talk about
Rosen's Rosenstein Rosenstein Rosen
Stein's Rosenstein I think and Alan
Dershowitz his take on it is that since
Rosen Stein wrote the memo that fired
Comey and the firing of Comey somehow it
was the thing that kicked off the whole
Russia investigation situation that
would make Rosenstein you know part of
the case and therefore he can't be in
charge of the case in which he is a
potential witness on the case and I
thought to myself as soon as Dershowitz
explains it it looks obvious Steen not
Stein somebody says it's Rosenstein okay
as soon as Dershowitz says yeah you
can't be in charge of something in which
you're also a potential witness and of
course he's a potential witness because
he was he was right in the middle of the
whole situation and I thought to myself
that seems so obvious after he points it
out that I think to myself how can this
situation stand how in the world can he
not recuse himself by the parently he's
got his reasons now I have nothing by
the way I have nothing against
Rosenstein Rosenstein Rosenstein I have
nothing against him I don't know enough
about what he is or is not doing and I
think we should all be cautious about
making judgments about him because we
don't know what he knows that we don't
know we don't know what Muller knows
that we don't know an opinion on his
mannerisms well he only saw some clips
of him debating people at the
congressional hearings and he was quite
competitive not in a way that bothered
me
somebody's head struck failed the
polygraph you know that doesn't mean
anything right
the polygraph is not real science
there's a reason that it's not allowed
in court it's not allowed in court
because it's not reliable the a
polygraph is still useful even though it
doesn't tell you the truth you know it
it's useful when the person who takes it
believes it works so for example if you
were a criminal and you thought the
polygraph was accurate and you took it
and you failed
then the polygraph you know
administrator says you know well you
failed the polygraph is there anything
you'd like to add you know confess and I
imagine in quite a few situations the
person confesses either all of or part
of something he hadn't said before just
to sort of deal with the fact that he
failed the polygraph so so the polygraph
is a useful tool that's built on
 the only way Rosenstein can
stay on is if he's if Muller is not
investigating obstruction of justice and
at this point it is probably fair to say
that the investigation has you know its
tentacles have branched off and he is
talking about more than more than just
obstruction of justice
yeah all right so I think I've said
everything I need to say for today and I
will I will see all of you later