good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization
which I'll tell you a little bit later
uh has a timer on it now we only have 20
million years left so let's enjoy every
moment and if you'd like to take this up
to levels that nobody could even imagine
all you need is a cup or a mug or a
glass a tank or chelse or Stein a
canteen jugar flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine end of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous
siping happens now
go
oh
wow that was a good sip well I got so
many stories I'm going to hit them all
quickly number one the Pentagon UFO
Chief says there's either aliens or
foreign powers putting all these orbs up
there and there was once a there's a
story about
uh a craft of Unknown Origin that was
the size of a football
field that once came and hovered over a
military base in the US and everybody
saw it except for the person who was
telling the story yeah so lots of people
saw it
but we're only hearing it from somebody
who talked to somebody who saw
it totally reasonable quite
believable um so there are many many
eyewitnesses and blurry photos of these
UFOs now if you're saying to yourself
damn it there's no way all these people
could be
wrong right I mean the best evidence
that this is real that there's some kind
of either other country which even our
even our own military doesn't think it's
a foreign power so it's either something
peculiar or another planet or another
dimension or something we don't know
but if you think that the
evidence is good because there are so
many witnesses do you know what else has
so many
witnesses IL and abductions do you
remember uh some years ago that people
were being abducted by aliens oh just
all the time I mean you could you could
barely go for a walk was it the 70s you
could barely go for a walk without a UFO
abducting you and probing you and
dropping you back with nobody noticing
yeah it happened all the time do you
think any of those were
real well at the time a lot of people
thought they were real but then suddenly
they just sort of stop happening and you
know 10 years goes by and nobody gets
abducted so I would remind you of this
when you're looking at this sort of
story there were lots and lots of
eyewitnesses for
bigfoot there were lots and lots of
eyewitnesses for the loch nest
monster and Ghost and the yeti and the
Jabra Koper or whatever that's called
what do they call it in Mexico it's got
that cool name the
Jabra Jabra something all right but
um it doesn't matter how many witnesses
there are once you learn to spot a mass
hysteria CH uh chupacabra chupacabra
that's exactly what I said didn't I
isn't that exactly what I said see this
is good that you can't talk back the
audience can't know that I didn't say
that all right um yeah doesn't matter
how many witnesses there are that
doesn't tell you anything so just keep
that in mind uh I'm still betting
against alien uh ships visiting the US I
love it to be true but I'm going to bet
against
it all right uh some scientists and
researchers have
found that the Earth seems to have a
pulse that every 27 million years
everything goes to
hell and by it goes to hell I mean your
dinosaurs disappear or your your I don't
know your continents move or your
there's Mass extin
and volcanoes and and I guess uh we
are 20 million years away from the next
one so good news people we've got 20
million years before the Earth destroys
to decides to destroy us now why would
the Earth have a
pulse why in the world would it have a
every 27 million years something
happens uh I have a
hypothesis has anybody ever ever
mentioned this this might be the first
time you've heard
this science is not
reliable that's my answer to how you
know there's a 27 million pulse there
isn't that would be my answer no how
about there isn't the most likely
explanation is well there probably isn't
so that's what I'm going to go
with um dumb science question of the
day uh here's a question I probably
could have Googled in less than one
minute but I'm going to ask
you I had my DNA checked you know 23 and
me and I've got Neanderthal DNA like 2%
or
something a lot of people do not that
not that
unusual but why don't I have any African
DNA didn't we all come from Africa
shouldn't African DNA be the most common
DNA for every person on Earth or or is
there some amount of time that goes by
and then your your DNA is like
completely erased by the new stuff is it
that is it simply that the uh the
Neanderthals came much later than the
exit from Africa is that is that the
only thing that's going
on what do you
think alien
hybrids what do you think are the odds
that there are two different trees of
human
development do you really think it all
came from one humanoid when you got all
these different humanoids that we keep
finding these I don't know you know
there's part of me that
thinks uh maybe there's something about
nature that will create a humanoid if
you wait in a long enough time like
maybe humanoids are just sort of
guaranteed by Evolution that's a
possibility right so that you just get a
few of them from different places is
that possible doesn't seem possible does
it but it also seems weird that we
wouldn't have any African
DNA you you want to know how to uh end
racism I have an idea for ending racism
you ready pass a law that's a
requirement that everybody take a DNA
test and they have to publicly publish
the results so you can check anybody's
DNA anytime you wanted do you know why
that would end
racism because it would give you new
things to discriminate about that were
more
detailed and you'd be like there's no
way I'm going to hire some Bastard with
a earlobe that's not separated I don't
want to hire those people whose ear loes
are connected right to their head I
don't want anybody who sneezes when they
go out in the sun how annoying is that
every time they walk in the park a lot
sneeze sneeze I'm one of those I sneeze
when I go out in the sun that's the
actual thing you 20 3 and me can tell
you that your genes will cause you to
sneeze when you walk into the Sun and I
actually have that Gene and I and I
sneeze every time I go in the sun it's a
thing it's a real thing but anyway if we
had DNA details and we would just
discriminate against our DNA and uh we'd
sort of forget about the other stuff
because it's a lot less
important all right uh the other way
that racism will be ended is when we're
all cyborgs we will be part human and
part Ai and if you're part AI it means
you can do any job so everybody will be
qualified for every
job basically you just need a human
being to to to collect the checks
deposit them or direct deposit because
robots can't have checking accounts so
the only reason that you need like the
human is so that there's somebody to
pay you get that because you can't pay
the robot they they can't own property
so you build a cyborg that's part robot
part human it can do any job because the
AI part will immediately know how to do
anything
so uh yeah that will end racism as well
because we will all be equally qualified
because we all have ai enhancements so
everybody will know everything everybody
will be able to do every job there
there's no way you could pick somebody
else and say there's the good one cuz
we'll all be the same one we'll all be
bored yeah and then the beautiful part
is that once we're all cyborgs we'll all
be so ugly that we don't want to meet
with anybody I mean you just won't be
interested so that's
good um I have a uh a uh young friend
who is telling me so that everybody he
knows under the age of let's say in
their 20s so it's a young person who
knows lots of people in their 20s do you
know what he says about his peers who
were in their
20s they're all
Communists they're all Communists like
really really flagrant Communists and
they actually say that about themselves
and they talk about it you know on
Twitch and
stuff that's a real thing and and he
also says that almost nobody in their
20s seems to be capable of holding a job
and he doesn't know many people who have
one I mean he does he's got a good job
but he doesn't know many young people
who have a job or or any potential to
ever have one in other words they don't
like they just don't look like people
used to look they're just
different so there's really something
happening
there well Elon Musk went on Lex
Friedman podcast I guess is the fourth
time he's been on there he always makes
news but he said a few
things uh that I agree with uh so must
said if AI cannot figure out new physics
is clearly not equal to
humans now that's interesting so he says
you know physics is basically the real
knowledge and then everything everything
Beyond physics is sort of a point of
view was slight exaggeration but you get
the idea
that if humans can still invent or or
discover new physics
laws but AI can never do it no matter
how hard it tries then the AI is not as
smart as humans it's just using things
that humans have already discovered now
does that sound
familiar does that opinion sound
familiar have you heard it
before that's what I'm saying so I've
been saying my version of it goes like
this my version is that AI can never be
smarter than the smartest humans in each
field so I I've I've presumed that
there's a natural cap to how smart the
smartest AI can be now this is counter
to as far as I know counter to every
expert's opinion I believe 100% of
experts disagree with me but that's why
it's fun because it's it's the ultimate
contrarian View that it can't get
smarter than the smartest human now part
of the reason I say that is the way
humans
are suppose suppose for a moment you
built an AI that was so smart it
actually understood the nature of
reality like the real stuff the stuff
that you and I have no access to and
then it told you I am now the super AI
listen to me mere humans here is the
nature of the universe what what you
really are is a simulation or what you
really are is the um Islam got it right
the they were totally right you
everybody else got it wrong or whatever
it
is what would the humans do if they
learned the actual truth of reality what
would the humans
do they would turn off the AI or they
would they would reprogram it so it stop
saying crazy like that yeah we
would not have the ability
to recognize a truth that's above our
intelligence level so we would deny it
and we turn it off and we'd start wars
over it but we wouldn't believe
it we definitely wouldn't believe it
that wouldn't happen now the only thing
that you could
do would be Elon Musk is the perfect
example if the AI created a rule of
physics that then we humans could go out
and test and they test it out and it
worked every time well then you'd have
something but I kind of I'm of the
opinion it just won't happen you know
unless it's Brute Force maybe Brute
Force by coming up with so many
different ideas that one of them
works that wouldn't be nothing but it
would still be just
random all right the other thing that
uh mus said that's uh interesting is
that he thinks that what Israel should
do is conspicuous acts of kindness
because obviously there's nothing you
can do about the fact that too many
people are going to suffer and die in
Hamas uh in Gaza but uh Yan's idea is
that you should you know literally
create field hospitals to show that
you're caring about you know the people
and their injuries uh put a webcam on
there so the entire world can see that
Israel's caring for the the people who
need the care uh I'm going to disagree
with Elon on this
one because there's there's an
assumption you would have to make in
order for this to be a good
idea uh if the people you're trying to
convince are the people in Gaza then the
question you'd have to ask is what was
their starting place and I've never seen
anybody explain that and here's what I
mean if the starting place of the
civilians you know the non Hamas
combatants if the starting place for the
women and children and the
non-combatants was you know Israel isn't
so bad you know they got some pluses
they have some
minuses then you could do that then then
that would be a good strategy would be
to emphasize the good parts of you and
try to win over the people who were at
least a little bit unbiased about who
you were and you might might be able to
nudge them a little bit your direction
but is that the
situation is it a a balance bed and
unbiased
population cuz they might be
persuadable but I kind of doubt it if
Hamas has been in charge for a while one
assumes that the
information you know situation is that
Hamas has brainwashed at least all of
the children so the children are just a
lost cause at this point you know I hate
to say anything that's mean about
children but I don't know of any way to
unhypnotize mass numbers of children I
mean unless you actually made it a
project to deprogram them but you'd have
to say that you you can't just hope that
they read the news and they read the
right part of the news you can't hope
that they see a video about uh a Mobile
hospital and they're going to change
their
minds I mean so um here's what I love
about elon's opinion and what I disagree
with what I love about it is he is he's
kind of well I don't know if you noticed
but he's smart has anybody noticed that
Yan musk is smart I know it's one of
those things I've noticed I don't know
if you've noticed
but the best thing he could do is to
continually push for peace and
kindness at the same time he notes it's
probably
impossible
now I hate to say that those two
conflicting semi conflict ing or maybe
80% conflicting ideas don't make sense
when presented at the same time except
they
do because he's very clearly saying you
know what would be the ideal you know
what to shoot for but also not crazy and
he knows that there's a real world
situation but as as a leader and musk is
a leader you know unelected but he's
clearly a leader in America and maybe
other parts of the world for for him to
always consistently be on the side of
life and peace is exactly the right
look as long as he's not being crazy
right so he's acknowledging the
difficulty of everything so in that
context recommending conspicuous acts of
kindness yeah it's a step in the right
direction and it's good for it's good
for the framing it's good for the world
it's good leadership I don't think it
would work though in the real world I
don't think it would make any difference
now that said I'm 100% in favor of doing
it because the you know the base of the
idea is providing a hospital for people
who need a hospital so that part yeah
yeah let's let's make sure that people
have hospitals but if you have a
weaponized public
um here's the other thing that might be
flawed with uh elon's opinion and again
as an ideal it's a perfect opinion but
in the real world little little
trouble I don't think Israel has any
intention of repopulating
Gaza do
you because it would be crazy and
they're not acting crazy are they I mean
they're acting like somebody who just
got terribly attacked and you know
they're responding in the most
aggressive way but that's not crazy it's
exactly what every reasonable person
would have done in the same
situation but to me allowing it to be
repopulated with a group of people have
been radicalized and weaponized to some
extent I don't know to what extent but
if if 20% of them are radicalized to
want to kill you
later I wouldn't repopulate it I would I
would look for any any Solution that's
not populating it and if I did I would
certainly have to have Ironclad
controller over the schools to make sure
that the schools only taught things that
are good for Israel if that were
me so uh so I guess I disagree with the
assumption that the idea is to be nice
to the residents of Gaza CU I'm pretty
sure the idea is to not be nice to them
so that they don't go back and they get
as far away from Gaza as they can and
never come back I think that that's the
way I'd play it I mean if I were Israel
I would never let that be repopulated
and not because it's kind and not
because it's cruel you just don't have
another Choice like if there was some
other choice that is far more you know
kind to the Gaza residents I would pick
that in a heartbeat I don't see a
choice um so if anybody has one that'd
be great oh here's some news that made
my heart Happy a publication called
Jezebel
uh called the pioneering feminist
website uh will be shut down I guess
they're lost their money and they're r a
business
now um if I could summarize the staff of
Jezebel they are sexist pieces of
and have been sexist pieces of for
a long time in fact they were the first
group to jump on the my first
cancellation this was many years before
the recent
cancellation uh in which they took
something out of context and reversed
its meaning it was something in which I
was mocking
men and they turned it into really
mocking women the opposite of what it
was and
then uh defamed me across the internet
and then when anybody looked for my name
they found their story that was
completely made up CU they just read
something and reversed
it how happy am I that they're going out
of business pretty happy but uh it's not
all bad news although all the staff will
lose their jobs uh their timing is good
because I hear Hamas is
hiring so perfect
fit um V
ramaswami provocatively said he wants to
build a wall between the United States
and
Canada now let us talk about the
Excellence of that idea number one have
I ever told you a million times in a row
that when Trump said build a wall in the
southern border that was brilliant
because it was
Visual and there was an argument for it
but then he you know he added the Mexico
will pay for it which was fun but you
know if you took it too seriously maybe
you shouldn't have but I feel like the
Canadian border we could actually get
Canada to pay for it now my idea would
be to um to have a two drink minimum for
entering the United States just for
Canadians right I think this could pay
for it you can come as go as often as
you want as long as you've got a you
know Visa passport whatever come in as
much as you want but it's a two drink
minimum every time you come in I think
that would pay for a wall across the
entire Canadian border because you know
they like their moson is what I'm saying
now does it make sense absolutely yes I
believe that the we have a mortal threat
an existential threat from Canada CU
everything indicates Canada is going to
be lost I think I think Canada will
become an Islamic Nation so we might
have more members of Hamas in Canada at
some point uh the way it's going right
if if you straight line it it's disaster
in Canada it looks like they're on a a
road to complete ruin so I wouldn't want
a dictator up north and I wouldn't want
uh uh them supporting a lot of people
who want to destroy the United States
so we might want to get started on that
might want to get started on that wall
so I'm with aake on that it's pricey
though so got to get that two drink
minimum going so as you know Joe mansion
and Mitt Romney said they might want to
they proposed that they would be on some
kind of commission to reign in the debt
Deb commission and Mansion has announced
that he won't be running again
um
covering oh okay a reporter wants to
talk to
me anyway so uh Joe Mansion is not going
to run for the Senate again which makes
sense because Mitt Romney is not running
again so they would be the two kind of
Centrist sen senators from each side you
know the ones that are more likely to
cross the J they're they're really the
perfect team honestly that's just the
perfect team to be looking at the debt
now is there a reason to look at the
debt well uh yesterday the US Government
tried to borrow $24
billion and it was a huge disaster
because we couldn't find anybody who
wanted to buy American government
debt and so the interest rate that we
would have to offer somebody for these
debts is going to go off the
chart we now at the rate where we pay $1
trillion per year in
interest $1 trillion per year in
interest you realize this is a fast path
to complete destruction of the country
if it doesn't change but I do like this
you know Romney
Mansion approach maybe they could come
up with something and and here's where M
Romney is is strong right Finance big
finances that's his background um
however there's some thought that Joe
Mansion would run third party as a third
party if he did that then it doesn't
make sense for him to be on the this
commission would you agree I don't think
he should do both because the beauty of
being on that commission is that you
would seem somewhat independent from the
current politics but if he's running for
president anything he does in the
commission will be poo pooed as
political and
um but we better do something better do
it quick so I like all that now W Street
Journal had a uh story it was an NBC
poll they were looking at that said if
there were no third
party uh according to one poll uh Trump
and uh Biden would be neck and neck in
the at least the national vote if not
the um
Battlegrounds but as soon as you throw
in any third party
people uh whoever they are it it goes to
Trump so Trump will win if there are
third parties that that seems to be the
message except there's some thought that
RFK Jr might take more from Trump but I
think that's an un uncertain to me that
seems
uncertain so here's the bottom
line your vote will not decide who the
president is
I hate to tell you your vote will not
decide who the president is because if
everybody does what everybody always
does you know which is what the poll
would seem to indicate you're going to
all go there you're going to vote and
it's going to be too close to call and
the only thing that will the only thing
that will matter was which third parties
decided to
run that's it so there will be maybe
four or five people
whose actions completely decide who the
president will be you know
RFK um who are the other ones remind
me uh the Harvard Professor who's
running is uh I forget his
name somebody give him give me his
name uh is Jill Stein running I don't
know if oh Cornell West yeah Cornell
West so if somebody if somebody uh you
know pulls off 2 or 3% from Biden that's
the end of the story so and uh Jen but
but wasn't there a story that he wasn't
born in the United States was that
fake I just don't know if that's real or
not because you can't trust anything
might have been fake
news anyway um we'll keep an eye on that
but your vote won't matter I mean you
still have to vote otherwise it will
matter but if every body votes the way
they say they will the vote won't matter
it will only matter who Els
ran is that messed up or what how messed
up is that that basically you know three
to five people will decide who's
President and you'll just do what you
have to do but it won't decide who's
President so there's that
anyway um there's a uh million who's
famous his name is Brian Johnson he's uh
46 years old he's famous for doing all
these anti-aging things so he's he's
spending millions of dollars to try to
reverse his aging using you know
supplements and modern techniques and
stuff but he made the news cuz he's got
a uh a new claim he's trying to make his
erection uh the same as when he was
18 so uh what he's using is some kind of
shock therapy uh in which which he
attaches something to his penis and then
shocks it at night while he's sleeping
and then uh the shock is sort of like a
cold plunge or a lot of other things
like that where it it sort of mildly
hurts his penis but when the when it
recovers you know comes back stronger
turns it into an
18-year-old Steel Rod that lasts 10
seconds or something I don't know I
don't know if it doesn't last as long I
I don't know about that part but uh the
important part of the story is that he
has three kids and uh I don't know how
old they are
but if they're on social
media they might be the three unhappiest
children in the United
States and that conversation around the
dinner table goes like this hey Dad what
are you up to on social media today uh
just looking at
your uh
uh a dad please can you please stop
talking about your erection please
please God I I will give back my my
allowance I I'll go to zero allowance I
will mow the lawn more than it needs to
I will wash all the law I will clean my
room I I will get A's I will never miss
a day of school but please please don't
talk about your penis again don't oh
anyway I that's what I imagine the
conversation looks
like uh Warren Buffett there's some
shocking claims about Warren Buffett
that he allegedly traded in uh traded
PRI privately on his own account some
stocks that brooksher Hathaway was also
going to be involved in or was involved
in and therefore it was uh a version of
insider trading now I don't know if it
would be illegally even if he did it I'm
not I'm not sure about the law but he is
he did publicly say on occasions that he
would never do that he said that
brooksher hathway owned Wells Fargo
stock so that's why he would own a
different banking stock his second
choice in his personal account so he's
even given examples of where he would
intentionally ignore a stock that was
owned by his company now uh we haven't
heard Warren Buffett's explanation
I fully expect he will explain it away
in a way that you'll say oh okay that
wasn't what I thought it was and the
only reason I think that is because he's
not an
idiot he he wouldn't he's like one of
the richest people in the world he
wouldn't need to do like some you know
minor inside trading on his own account
to pick up another million or two I mean
it just doesn't seem like a risk he
would take so it seems so completely out
of
context that I I would expect he's going
to say something like and and by the way
this was one of the possibilities they
said he might have the same stocks
because he had those stocks for years
before birkar got interested so they
don't even know the order of who had
what stock first so that's a pretty weak
accusation right if you don't know the
order of who bought first or when you
know if one was bought years ago that's
a whole different
situation um so I'm guessing that that's
going to go
away for just ordinary reasons you know
nothing special that's just a
guess all right so uh Hamas supporters
occupied Senator Kristen Gil Brand's
office in the
capital and they spent I don't know long
time in there and so some people are
saying hey you know isn't that like the
January 6
people no it's not like the January 6
people no no no no no now the January 6
people were trying to rescue the
Republic from a suspected election fraud
and they were insisting on a short delay
to validate the results to make sure
that the Republic was
protected so it's not like that it's
completely different all right next
story uh I saw a tweet from David
Chilson on uh the X platform and he said
our government openly and Ser
serendipitously openly and
serendipitously influences foreign
elections but denies that those same
people wouldn't do it
here they are lying and we know what he
says um that's just a good thing to keep
in mind isn't it that the United States
has developed you know an
entire uh
asset of experts at uh influencing other
elections
huh I wonder if those same
experts might Ever Band together to pull
an
OP such as a letter saying that the
hunter laptop might be Russian
disinformation of course that influenced
the election of course yeah is anybody
dumb enough to think that our
intelligence agencies are not trying to
influence domestic election
of course they are but you know I don't
know which ways they're using they could
be whispering in the ears of you know
captured politicians they could be
making sure that some issues get more
attention or less
attention they could decide what what uh
clever persuasion works best and then
just whisper it to their friends so it
looks like it's coming from ordinary
politicians but it's a weaponized you
know strong version of
persuasion there are a million ways they
could do it they they could get money
from the
cartels and launder it and then donate
it to politicians they like they could
threaten the press that and say you know
I'm not going to give you any more
Scoops if you write stories like that
again there are a million ways they
could do it yeah I mean even Schumer
said they like what do you say there's a
um million ways from someday that they
can get back at
you imagine a top level
Democrat telling the country directly
that the intelligence agencies might not
be on their side and would and would not
might would get
revenge on a
president I mean I I think that got way
too little attention the Schumer matter
of factly said that the intelligence
agencies of the United States would take
down a president he said that directly
and he wasn't joking and he didn't take
it back he never took it back did he I
don't believe he ever said oh I didn't
mean that because he meant it very much
and it's
true
right so just keep that in mind um at
least uh
stephanic who's a member of the house uh
just filed an official judici complaint
about Judge M Goran the Trump judge the
one whose uh wife is allegedly a big
anti-trumper uh Laura lummer had that
scoop
and um and but you know the judge
himself seems blatantly and obviously um
biased so she's uh got this complaint I
don't know if that'll go anywhere but
I'm glad it's happening because it's
exactly the right complaint at the right
time all right
um I invented a word
today you've noticed that a lot of
Democrats seem to be
anti-semitic because of the Gaza
situation it's more
obvious uh I would call the anti-semitic
Democrats
anti-sat
anti-sat I don't know if it'll catch on
I just like ours sounds anti-s
semics all right my favorite story that
might not be
true is the Georgia pristine ballots all
right the story goes like this that in
Fulton County you know one of the key
counties in the 2020 election that was
disputed the claim the allegation is
that there's a locked room with up to
150,000 ballots that are clearly and
obviously fake and printed out different
paper but we're counted so that's the
allegation what what do we have to uh
back the allegation well there are three
people who have uh I guess
publicly uh sworn in court that they all
saw the same thing which is these
pristine ballots that don't look like
real ballots it's on they say on the
wrong paper and all filled in with you
know Biden as the uh
winner
now two on the nose yeah we'll get to
that now what else we know uh besides
the three
Witnesses is that uh there have been
legal actions to try to get that room
opened and um it went to a higher court
and the higher Court told the lower
court yes you have to make those
available and the lower court is Doling
so the reason it's been so long is that
the lower court doled and doled and
doled and then said you can't have
access to it so it got appealed to a
higher court and the higher Court said
nope you got to go back and give them
access but the lower cord well I guess
they're busy they must be busy or
something cuz it's just not
happening but the claim is that they're
in that room and all you have to do is
open the door and everything that Trump
said will be
proven that's the claim
there's one lock on one door you just
have to open it and you will see
obviously and clearly that the election
was a fraud now that's the claim I'm not
saying it's true because
remember virtually all the election
claims have been you know proven not
true you know some smaller ones yes but
nothing that would change the
election well here's some new news two
lawyers who were on the defense on the
side of I guess defense ing against the
claims uh suddenly quit two of them at
the same time suddenly quit at just
about the time that that door might be
opened so you got three eyewitnesses who
have set in public and under oath you've
got a locked room that some court is
inexplicably denying access to can you
think of any valid reason that Court
would not let you look at those ballots
there is none no there is no valid
reason for
that there you you could you could think
all day long and you would never come up
with a valid reason that that they can't
look at
them so you've got uh that's sketchy
happening so do you want to here's my
prediction the lower court will
grudgingly allow access to the
room and it will be
empty that's my
prediction and there'll be a story about
somebody uh unauthorized remove them
like a you know janitors or something
and that the unauthorized People Who
removed them uh died mysteriously
recently in just a natural accident or
maybe some kind of a
crime because if it's true they will
have to kill people to keep that a
secret would you agree if if that if it
really happened and I'm not saying it
did we'll just wait and find out if it
happened they're going to have to kill
somebody to keep that secret like
actually kill
somebody so that's my prediction access
to the room the ballots will be missing
the person who is the only one who would
know what happened will be deceased in
mysterious consequences and mysterious
situation want to bet against it anybody
want to bet against
me it's a pretty good bet I wouldn't bet
against it but it's pretty good bet yeah
might be
suicided um however here's what I like
about
this the best part of this story is I've
been telling you for a long time and I
think you can all confirm that I've been
saying this for a long time that there's
something about our reality whether it's
a simulation or or what that likes to
serve up reality in a uh a three act
movie now for Trump the third act would
have been uh the January 6 stuff and
then all the legal
problems and most of the January 6 stuff
the biggest problem revolves around his
claim that the election was
rigged the ideal third act that would
make this the movie of all
time is to open that uh room and find
those ballots in there and prove that
the election was
fraudulent now that would be awesome you
know what would be more
awesome this won't happen but imagine
just imagine
it the Supreme Court rules that the 2020
election was in fact rigged wait for
it and installs Trump for four years
without an election cancels the
election it'll never happen but you but
imagine it would you think that was
unfair if if you were running against
Biden the second time let's say Biden is
a nominee and let's say they found out
for sure that Biden's team cheated in
the last election and he got four years
out of
it the the fairest outcome would be to
cancel the election and install Trump
for 4 years Am I Wrong would that not be
the fairest because you know why because
you wouldn't be able to trust that the
2024 election wouldn't be bent
again if you proved it happened in 2020
that's very hypothetical
speculative the Supreme Court would be
reasonable to say there's no way we're
going to trust this election
again Trump you just won the election
you're president for 4
years now that would be the greatest
movie of all time now you could even
make it better imagine it better imagine
the opening of that room is delayed for
a
year the election happens Trump is
leading in the polls and then
mysteriously he loses in a close
election yet he was leading in all the
polls
and then the door is open we find out
that 2020 was
rigged then the Republicans say if 2020
was rigged how could we trust Joe Biden
in this election and then the Supreme
Court reverses the result of the
election and gives it to
Trump could it
happen I don't think it can because I
don't I don't think the Supreme it seems
more likely they say redo the election
or something because I don't think they
want to decide who the president is if
they can avoid it at all they've done it
before but I think they would like to
avoid having their fingerprints on who
who the president
is all right so the strongest evidence
that the ballots are faked and they're
in that room is that the three act
play it just feels
inevitable I I've never felt anything
that felt more
inevitable than Trump getting the most
unexpected good news
which is that he was right about the
election before the election by far that
would be the the third Act of all third
acts The Comeback of all comebacks it
would be one of the greatest American
history stories and it would be worthy
of worthy of the greatest showman in
American
history I feel like he deserves no less
than the best show because he is the
greatest showman of of all time in my
opinion all right so I'll keep an eye on
that I bet against it but it's fun Matt
Gates continues doing awesome things uh
uh he's trying to stop the FBI from
getting a $300 million new headquarters
uh but it's not that he's just trying to
stop him it's the way he says
it here's what Matt Gates said in public
in Congress I guess um the FBI they
believe the FBI should be rewarded with
a new $300 million headquarters larger
than the Pentagon because uh their
building is quote
crumbling and Gates says guess what our
country is crumbling when a weaponized
Security State targets the civil
liberties of American citizens because
their politics and then he says those in
the J Edgard Hoover building should sit
in that rat infested building until they
get their ax
rate stop making me love you Matt Gates
damn
it like I don't want to have a crush on
a
dude but I don't think I could like that
anymore than I do that's as much as I
could like a
statement they should sit in their rat
infested building until they get their
act
State
endorsed endorsed that's exactly what
should happen that they should sit in a
rat infested building because that is
where their reputation is with the
American public just say with the other
rats now again you know it's worth
saying most of the employees are just
good people good good Americans you know
we're talking about the leadership
only all right
um so looks like we got some fun coming
the looks like the house is issuing
subpoenas for the soall Biden crime
family so we're g to they're going to
ask for James Biden the brother uh
Associates Rob
Walker um and maybe some others
and what happens if they don't
go suppose they don't go will they be
arrested because now there's a president
for that you'll be arrested for you know
defying The subpoena but what if they do
go can you imagine a situation where
we're in the middle of a race Trump is
uh battling 9 1 coun of lawfare trying
to keep him out of the race and then
Biden uh Biden's reputation would be
just dragged by these public hearings in
which they're talking to his family and
nothing good can come from that there
there's no outcome in which the bidens
have a win if they testify no matter
what they say just the fact that they
are testifying it's the same play that
the Democrats use so the Democrats used
impeachment whether they succeeded or
didn't succeed it was all about making
you just think about impeachment for a
long time so it looks like the
Republicans are going to do the same
persuasion
play if they ever get anything that's
you know uh a crime that can be
prosecuted well maybe maybe not but
either way they're going to make you
think about this process during the
final year before the presidential
vote politically it's brilliant
politically is right on point um is it a
dirty trick well not if they have the
goods I mean to me it looks like there's
a genuine problem there and they are the
ones who should look into it and it does
look legitimate to
me so but I'm sure Democrats say that
all the charges against Trump look
legitimate to them
too well uh Carl Carl
Rove um talking about Biden versus Trump
he says neither party's front runner
will be easily
dislodged but Ro says if no changes are
made uh America Americans will get the
worst dumpster fire of a campaign in
history he doesn't have to be this way
um he thinks that the party that picks a
fresh face will likely win the White
House as Carl Ro all right Carl Ro would
be like uh the canary and the coal mine
like if Carl Ro say says something he's
not just your average person talking
about stuff right if Carl Ro says it it
probably suggests that there are a large
number of Democrats who think the same
way and he's sort of testing it
out so but but read between the lines
the party that picks a fresh face will
likely win the the White
House do you think he
believes that if Biden ran against
another Republican the other Republican
who's not Trump would beat
him you think do you think that Ro
actually believes that I don't think he
does I think he thinks that Trump is the
only one that can beat him and wouldn't
it be convenient to you know get Trump
out of there and wouldn't it be
convenient if it were Nome against some
other Republican because you know who
could beat Nome
Trump Trump's probably the perfect Trump
is almost the perfect competition for
Nome right because nome's a a frat boy
uh a white
guy that that's the weakest candidate
against Trump I mean if you at least had
I'm a woman or you at least had I have
some you know person of color thing
going on if you at least hadn't let you
know hordes of people across your border
but I guess that's not really
California's
problem but I I can't think of anybody
who would be easier to beat the new him
cuz he's got all these visual problems
you know pictures of the Streets of San
Francisco you know running out of water
running out of electric the forest
fires he'd be the easiest I think so I
think what Carl Ro is saying is that
they need a younger person to replace
Biden uh I imagine he's grudgingly would
probably back
Nome but maybe he has hopes for somebody
else maybe but it's pretty clear that uh
the people in power in the Democrat side
uh don't want Biden don't want
Biden uh Apple agreed to pay a $25
million
settlement over its uh immigration
hiring
practices now when you hear that do you
say to yourself my God Apple was
discriminating against
immigrants no nope opposite Apple was
discriminating against American citizens
and they've decided to
settle that means that the evidence was
strong that they were discriminating
against American citizens they were
preferring people from other
countries now some have said that's
because they can control those people
from other countries better like it's
harder for them to move jobs and you
know maybe maybe they have some racial
idea that they work harder or something
all
but
uh it's getting tougher to be a white
man in
America uh here's a uh post from Josh
power
who um is just a user on the xplatform
but let me read what he said and this
just a part of what he said he said uh
this past summer I decided to step away
from my company and he talks about the
reason being that they're a woke and
they have too much Dei cult like
Behavior so here are some
examples so he's a white man who's
leaving his company because it's so
crazily anti-white
basically uh he said I had company
leaders tell me Offline that we had
enough white men in key positions and
now is not a good time to get promoted
at the company because we're looking for
minorities only now do you remember how
many times I've said that in public and
black men usually men uh stream in to
tell me I'm making it up
they actually believe that I just
completely made it up that there's no
such thing as your boss telling you
directly you cannot be promoted here
because you're a white man that's
happened to probably millions of people
it's the most common experience for a
white man in Corporate America it's not
an exception it's the most common
experience probably 80% common at least
I would say at least 80%
common and black Americans have no no
idea this has ever happened now a lot of
our
racial problems are because they don't
know this
news have you ever seen anybody report
it have you ever seen the New York Times
do a big story about how white men are
told directly you cannot be promoted and
have been for 40
years 30 or 40 years consistently for 30
or 40 years it's never in the news never
and and people watching me right now
still think I'm making it up and people
will think he's making it up too but
there there's
more so Josh said he also got in
trouble for using the word female at
work that's right he got in trouble for
using the word female do you know
why because women is the more inclusive
word because female
kind of indicates a a
biological um reality whereas woman is
more your choice of gender so he said
female you he said something like the
company had this many man males and this
many females and he got in trouble
because the inclusive word was women
I've never even heard of that this is
the first time I've ever heard of
that have you have any of you heard of
that I've never heard the female was now
an insulting
word all right but there's
more um he said our leadership team used
to Start All Hands meetings with uh and
he gives like an example hi my name is
Mike and my pronouns are he him and I'm
a straight white male with brown hair
and green eyes and I want to acknowledge
the land we're on was stolen from the
such and such people and he says I'm not
exaggerating that's how far many of them
took this stuff that's real that's a
that's a real situation so he
left now uh so Apple's discriminating
against American citizens uh this
gentleman worked at a couple of large
companies which he mentioned that uh
just directly discriminated against him
and and were were being
ridiculous um and so I asked this
question I'll just ask this question
suppose uh let's say women had a list of
companies that are really good to work
for if you're a woman would that be
legal just a list of you know best
places for women to work would that be
legal I think so I think I've seen that
before I I've seen people you know
recognize as a great place for women to
work how about if you're black could you
put together a list of the best
companies to work for if you're black
probably might even exist I don't know
but nobody would have a problem with it
would
they suppose you put together a a list
of companies that were the best place
for a white man to
work legal or
illegal absolutely
illegal and whether it's illegal or not
is irrelevant to the fact that you would
never work again and the company that
you named would would try to sue you to
to deny that they're a good place for
white men to work because that's a bad
look just think about that just just
hold in your
mind that you know the these are real
stories of white men being told that the
company will not promote them because
they're white men why can't I have a
list that lists the companies that have
told people exactly that message because
it would be crazy to be a white man and
even go for an interview in such a place
it would be crazy you you just be
shooting yourself why would you bother
so I'd like a list of places where they
will not discriminate you against you if
you're a white
man and if you find a company that
doesn't meet that test that they they
say if they won't say directly you could
actually ask them to sign a pledge how
about this ask this would be clever
somebody with prominence should create a
pledge that says I will uh not
discriminate against white
men and then ask companies to sign
it I'm loving this idea that I just came
up
with what would happen do you think you
could get even one company in America to
sign a document that says they will not
discriminate against white men what do
you
think nope not a chance the best you
could get is they would they would they
would say how about this we'll we'll
issue a
statement of our our hir hiring
practices you go no I want you to sign
this no how about I'll do my own I'll do
it in my own words and then their own
words would be
this uh we we like to value diversity
and we consider it in all of our hiring
uh but we don't want to discriminate
against
anybody but of course considering
diversification in the hiring is exactly
discriminating against white men so
nobody would ever sign that that well we
will not discriminate against white men
do you think they would sign something
that says we will not discriminate
against women of course they would would
they sign says something that says we
will not discriminate against black
employees of course they
would just just imagine that you can't
even get anybody to say they won't
discriminate against you because you're
white it's not even
acceptable so I'll put that on the
category of Scots right about everything
all right here's some uh Rasmus and
asked poll about Israel Gaza news
coverage 39% of likely us voters said
the news
coverage um was good or excellent
39% well 30% gave it a
poor um here's the weird
thing you know I've told you directly
that in the Gaza Israel thing um I'm
only going to look at the the world from
October 7th to today in which case I
completely back Israel to do what it
needs to do so I'm just taking sides but
I'm telling you that directly in in this
specific case I will not attempt to be a
both sides or person um it's a war and
I'll tell you why I back Israel is it
because they've done everything right
and the other team did everything wrong
no I'm not even looking into it it's
it's much
simpler Israel does not want to kill me
next are we
done Israel does not want to kill me
next that's it so I'm on their
side that's the whole story that's the
whole story I don't care about anything
else I'm on the team that doesn't want
to kill me and in all likelihood if I
were at risk we' probably do what they
could to
help they're on my team I'm just saying
I'm on the same team as the people who
are on my team the people who don't want
me to die and would not try to kill
me right now of course any any statement
about a large group of people is only
about the statistical likelihood it's
not about any one person so if you say
to yourself well Scott there's somebody
in Israel who does want to kill you okay
that's not really on point and if you
say to yourself but wait there are tons
of uh people on the other side who are
just innocent people that's not really
on point
either it it's a statistical
self-defense argument and that's it you
get to use statistics for
self-defense right that that is the
appropriate way to discriminate if
you're going to discriminate it should
be about keeping yourself alive that's
completely fine discriminate any way you
want completely
ethical all
right um so my point of that was not
that I'm uh uh biased but so is the
news um so I don't know how anybody
could say the news is good like doing a
good job because don't you think that
the news has taken aside the same way I
did do you disagree
to me it looks like the major news
sources have all decided that they're
just on Israel's side and they're going
to you know show things that are
newsworthy on both sides but it's
clearly they're on the side of Israel
and I don't think you know we're we're
in an environment in which news people
say directly we're going to uh get rid
of being
unbiased so that's the current standard
in the current standard in the news
business is to be biased you know that
it started with Trump right we can't be
unbiased about Trump we we have to take
a side it's the end of the world but I
think that extends to all the other
topics as well so if you think the news
is doing a good
job well they're good doing a good job
of being on your
side and making sure the news is largely
compatible with you know supporting the
team that they want to support but no
the the news is not trying to give you
an accurate anything but neither am I
all right the hospitals in Gaza I guess
there are four hospitals in Gaza
surrounded Now by Israeli
forces and they're you know letting the
Innocents out filtering them out but it
looks like they're they're basically
going to go after whatever is in the
hospitals and the schools and and all
that
now you know the the best and worst
things about
Hamas somehow Israel has turned all of
hamas's strengths into weaknesses here's
what I
mean uh strength number
one uh Hamas and the Palestinians had
you know years of complaints so they
they felt like victims a little bit
right now you could argue who's the
victim you know that goes on forever but
at least they had some argument that you
know they're abused in some way but the
Hamas basically eliminated that so you
know even though there are plenty of
non-combatants and people who are are
innocent people uh they've ruined the
brand of their team so they've just
destroyed the brand so that works for
Israel the the other thing that works is
Hamas had all these 200 miles of
tunnels and so you say to yourself my
God that's such an advantage they've got
all their stuff in tunnels ah they got
tunnels but once Israel surrounds the s
and starts destroying the tunnel
openings one by one those tunnels
become pre burial sites it's just a
burial site for the entire Hamas Army I
don't think there's any situation that
could be better than most of the army
being Underground when you can find
their exits and entrance just by
interrogating people you
find so I got a feeling those tunnels
are going to turn into the biggest
mistake now now my assumption is that
the tunnels are the best idea if you're
just occasionally being attacked but
that they're the worst idea if a
superior force is going to do a Siege
and then just start shrinking you and
knocking down the tunnels under that
situation you're guaranteed to die
because you're just in a
tunnel now the other thing that Hamas
did that seems smart for a while but now
is being reversed is that they put their
uh their mil AR most vital assets under
hospitals and schools or even in them in
some cases so that seems like a good
idea right because it keeps them from
being
bombed until there's a
Siege it's a great idea until there's a
Siege now you've got boots on the ground
and do you know what the Israelis are
doing they're going directly to the
headquarters so they just surround the
hospital because they know below the
hospital and in it is all the good stuff
that Hamas is trying to protect so
instead of being this Ultra clever place
to keep them from being bombed it turned
into the biggest indicator of where
their good stuff is so they just
surround it and take
it I I think that everything Hamas did
worked until you get a Siege the moment
it's a Siege all of their advantages
turn into the biggest disadvantages in
the world now take the hostages hostages
would be an advantage for them right no
every day they hold the hostage is a day
that uh Israel's backers say as I will
right now do whatever you need to
do I don't even need to know as long as
they have the hostages Israel has an
open hand free hand we'll say free hand
to do whatever they want according to
its supporters anyway you know its
enemies will still be enemies
but every part of what Hamas did was a
good idea until the siege started now
they just gave Israel a perfect
validation for doing the siege doing it
the way they want to do it uh doing it
slowly which is the right way to do it
they should do it slowly because I think
hamasa if you have a Siege the people
that are being sieged get weaker every
day and the seizur probably stay the
same or go stronger
so doing it slowly so that you can argue
that you were doing what you could to
get the the Innocence
out was exactly the right answer and if
you really want to be a bastard about it
killing Hamas quickly would have been
the kind thing to
do keeping them in their Tunnels for
weeks waiting to be buried would be the
worst thing you could do to
them and under these circumstances is
really might want to do the worst thing
that could be done to them and that's
what they're doing a slow
squeeze so that ladies and gentlemen is
the News That's fit to talk about
probably once again the best live stream
you'll ever see uh thanks YouTube for
joining
today
and
um just looking at some of your uh
comments yeah 10 out of 10 best best
time you've had
today all right right thanks for joining
and I will see you tomorrow
YouTube