bapak pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody it's time to come in here and
gather around make sure you have the
beverage if you don't have a bedroom ask
somebody get to get one for you because
you don't want to miss anything if
there's anybody else in the house say
hey other person I'm busy right now
could you bring me a beverage fast hurry
he's about to do the simultaneous step I
like to make some urgency about this you
just got so happy
well pom pom pom pom let's go with the
simultaneous sip
are you ready it's gonna be a good one
Wow someone just said someone just said
I slurred my words you are so right I am
so tired right now I have not had enough
coffee but I'll get there I'll get there
let's start by talking about the the
illegal immigrants being separated from
their children as you know children are
being separated from their parents when
they come across the border as a group
the parents are being separate processed
separately from the kids and then the
kids go to a facility that looks a lot
like a camp or or a dorm room and here
are the questions that I find a missing
in this whole situation first of all I
think that a hundred percent of
observers would agree the separating
parents and their kids is bad so we
shouldn't pretend that there's somebody
on the other side of that right if the
only variable we were looking at and
then nothing else mattered we're just
looking at one variable separating
children and parents unambiguously is
bad so in that situation what you would
expect is that the people who are
complaining about it the most would say
here's our alternative have you seen
that what exactly is the alternative is
the alternative to keep them in jails by
family so you'd have special jails where
mom and dad and the kids could be in the
same jail or processing center or
holding center you know maybe maybe jail
is the wrong wrong term but is it but is
that the alternative and if that's the
alternative how long would it take to
build facilities like that or do we just
push them back over the border and just
say okay don't come back or do we just
let them into the country
what exactly is alternative now I've
been waiting to weigh in on this because
I expected to hear the alternative so
somebody would say separating children
from parents is bad here's what we
should do instead where the hell is that
I would like to believe that that option
B exists I think the problem was
shipping them back is that they just
come back right I mean if you just push
them over the border and said all right
here's the wall get on the other side
and wouldn't they just you know walk to
the part of the wall they can get back
and just come back I don't know that
deporting works does it because if
there's no penalty for dit for coming
across the border well why wouldn't they
just try again at a different place so
I'm not saying I understand the
situation so let me be as clear as I can
if it looks like I'm giving you an
opinion on this you're mistaken
I don't have an opinion because the
biggest part of the story is unreported
what the hell is the alternative is it
just a money problem if we had enough
money could we build facilities where
the parents and the kids would not be
separated how long would it take to
build them where would we build them
what were we doing before there was some
different the the entire reporting
landscape on this story is so missing
that when somebody like CNN or any of
that anything haters say my god look
what we're doing to the children I just
say you have no credibility until you've
reported the alternative we understand
bad things are happening to people
things you wouldn't want to happen to
yourself things you wouldn't want to
happen to your own kids everybody gets
that there's not one single person
watching this story who thinks that
separating parents and kids is good if
you're looking at it in isolation I just
need to know the alternative and then
I'll give you an opinion until then I'm
not going to criticize the current
method beyond the the human part which
is we'd want everybody to be comfortable
if possible you know if it's practical
anyway so I don't have an opinion on
that because nobody's given me the
alternative and I don't think any of you
know the alternative either shall we
talk about the OIG report now by now all
of you are aware of my two movies
playing on one screen explanation of
reality and Wow do you see it in you you
see it in some situations far more
clearly than you see it in others and
the OIG report is just an ideal an ideal
test case for how people are seeing the
world differently while looking at the
same set of facts now what's interesting
about the OIG report is that it's
written very clearly and it looks like
it's very well done by the way you know
in terms of the quality of the work it
looks like it's a good job you know you
don't get to say that that often right
you don't get to say about your
government bureaucrats or whatever you
don't get to say wow that was good work
but the OIG report looks like good work
there very clearly lays out what they
know what they studied what they found
and we're all looking at it and we're
seeing our own movie it's kind of
amazing but also very predictable if you
if you would ask me I don't think I've
I'm not sure I ever offered an opinion
to this but if you had said hey it's
gonna be a 500 some page report that's
all I needed to know and I would have
said oh that means everybody's gonna see
whatever they want to see in other words
when you have that many facts they're
all irrelevant they're all irrelevant
because our brains can't process that
much so since we can't process that much
we default to a movie we can process it
has nothing to do with the facts because
we can't you know our brains can't hold
that stuff but that said the report is
out there and everybody's having a good
time trying to interpret it so I'll I'll
put my spin on it some of you may recall
that when Comey first came out during
just before the election and talked
about Hillary's email and people said
call me what are you doing what are you
doing Comey and I said that it looked to
me like Comey was being a patriot and I
said and fact-check beyond this some of
you heard me saying I said that Comey
was probably taking a bullet for the
benefit of the voters and the way I
described it was I said that he it would
have been it would have been a bad idea
to withhold information he had because
the voters needed to know it and they
needed to know that they weren't going
to prosecute but they did have a problem
in other words what Hillary did with the
email server was a problem but it wasn't
a prosecutable problem in his opinion
and he wanted to get that out before the
election because if he hadn't and I hate
this but I'm gonna disagree with Alan
Dershowitz right now I hate this you
know that my legal lookin
on everything is well what did Ellen
Disher would say and as soon as alan
dershowitz tells me what to think that i
say well that's my opinion too because
he just keeps being right yeah he's just
the smartest most experienced person in
this game but i read his opinion about
comiing about the OIG report and I'll be
damned if it didn't have a mind-reading
element to it I wasn't expecting that in
you know what I mean by the mind-reading
element there's a part where you talk
about what happened and what we know is
true and then there's a part where you
say but the reason he did this was he
was thinking selfishly or he was
thinking about this and and Alan
Dershowitz take on Comey is that Comey
was trying to protect himself that he
was being selfish when he spoke in
public about Hillary's email before the
election and then what he wanted to do
is make sure he was protecting his own
reputation now I believe I'm
characterizing Alan Dershowitz his
opinion correctly I hope I am and I
thought to myself I don't think that's
an evidence I don't think there was any
part of the OIG report that had evidence
of commis interior thoughts or and
certainly if there were it was not an
interior thought about his own personal
protection I believe the evidence showed
that he was looking to get what what I
predicted was the most credible outcome
in a very messy situation and here's
what Comey did Comey violated the
internal you know the the only the rules
of his organization by making a decision
without you know without running it
through the normal process which would
be to have the Attorney General Loretta
Lynch make the decision so he made the
decision without her and and therefore
you know broke some rules now I said
that he's doing that intentionally he
knows he's breaking the rule but the
alternative might have been a less
credible system because the idea was the
eternal chip Attorney General was too
connected to the Clintons and therefore
letting her decide would have created a
non credible situation having him decide
was still was let you know is there's
still a credibility problem but it was
less than if the Attorney General had
done it so if he had followed the rules
and done what he was supposed to do we
would have had a worse outcome I
actually believe that's true because if
the Attorney General had made any kind
of decision there other than I'll do
whatever Comey tells me to do if she had
made the decision that would have been
just a terrible situation it would have
been far more trouble so he broke the
rule he took the took the arrow in the
chest I think everyone agrees he knew he
was doing that you know it's it wasn't
like a an accidental breaking of a rule
he was you know it was an obvious rule
he knew he was doing it and in so doing
he was protecting the credibility of the
FBI the credibility of the election and
he thought now this part is in public
record like everybody else he thought
that Hillary was gonna win and I say
everybody else I mean the people in this
story and so he thought well we won an
election that's credible so I'm going to
put out all the bad news so that nobody
thinks she got elected accidentally you
know that the people actually made a
decision based on the best knowledge
they had so so you're saying I think so
I saw in the comments somebody said says
your mind-reading that's it that's a
fair comment but let me put some little
frame on here in all cases were guessing
why he did what he did but I think the
record shows he that there's evidence to
show that he he was trying to protect
the credibility of the earth
I and the credibility of the election I
think those things are actually in
evidence but I don't think there's an
evidence that it was all about Co me
that he was just trying to keep his his
own reputation so in my opinion the OIG
report I know you're gonna hate this it
kind of exonerates Comey it doesn't
exonerate him from breaking the rules
and of course he'll he'll have to answer
to that but in terms of did he do what I
would have want him to him to do in that
situation the answer is yes I would have
wanted Co me to break the rules to keep
Loretta Lynch out of the decision still
take tell the American people what he
knew so that the the outcome would be as
credible as it could be to me he made
the right decision now that doesn't mean
every decision he's ever made you know I
can't speak to that said you're blind
because you agree well I'm putting my
thinking out here in public and you can
you can disagree with any component of
it and and that might get me to change
my mind
so let's look at the components was it
better for the public to have the
information nobody said you don't
disagree with that do you I think
everybody would agree it's better we
knew what they knew at the time more
information is better I don't think
there's any argument about that so
that's the first thing I'm saying the
second thing I'm saying is that he
consciously decided to break a rule
because if he didn't break the rule the
credibility of the system would be worse
now you could say was that the only
thing he was thinking was he also
selfishness I'm not speaking to that but
I'm saying that he broke a rule to
protect the rules it's a very unusual
situation it had to do with you know the
the unusual fact that Bill Clinton had
been on the plane with Loretta
and when you throw that into the mix you
just can't let live
Loretta Lynch make the decision he took
it away from her for the benefit of the
FBI probably for the benefit of Loretta
Lynch - she was better off began of the
decision better off for the voters and
he took a bullet to do it that's my
opinion all right now as to the various
people who had terrible opinions about
the president that stuff doesn't bother
me in the sense that they were biased
because as many people have said before
it is childish and unrealistic to assume
that people in the FBI don't have human
biases and opinions about politics and
in fact I would expect people in the FBI
to be you know more and more involved in
political opinions and other people
because they're closer to it so I don't
care that they had strong opinions and I
don't care that they that many of them
were anti Trump but the the text
messages that said things like you know
no we'll stop it or you know we've got
another plan I would caution you to
don't assume you know what that stuff
means all right now it looks the same to
me as it looks to you when I look at
those text messages I think to myself
it's hard to think of any other way to
interpret them other than the FBI agents
have thought that their own actions
could stop the president from becoming a
president but let's let's let's put on
some humility for a moment and imagine
that we don't know everything that can
be known we can't read minds
etc and just imagine could there be
other reasons that they would say
exactly what they said there might be
not things you like but are not exactly
the way you interpreted them I would say
if I were their legal counsel I would
feel pretty comfortable
that I could put another interpretation
on that stuff let me let me give you an
example I can tell you for sure that
people you know people said to me during
the election you know things like well
let me say this is a different way in
the context of two lovers talking you
you speak in a way to a lover that is
completely unrelated to the way you
would talk to anyone else
so when someone says my god I think
there's going to be a nuclear war with
North Korea
I say I'll take care of that I got that
in fact that I'm pretty sure I actually
said that when when Christine and I were
thinking about going to Hawaii it was
right during the the worst part of the
North Korea tensions when they were
threatening to nuke us and Hawaii was
you know tragically one of the closer
targets and you know christina was
concerned about this being not a good
time to travel because Hawaii might be a
target and I'm pretty sure I said
something like now I've got this I'll
take care of it I'll make sure North
Korea doesn't that doesn't follow us now
I don't know if I use the words like
that but it's the way you talk to a
lover that is just different than the
way you talk to other people so if I
were if I were Peter stocks lawyer I
would say hey this is just lover talk he
just said yeah I'll stop it that doesn't
mean he's actually working on stopping
it it's just sort of a way people talk
so there's that then there's the
insurance policy here's the other spin
of that suppose the stock believed that
the the Russian collusion story although
they couldn't find evidence in the
beginning I know he expressed skepticism
at the start but this was no longer the
start right
so in the beginning he said I'm not sure
there's anything there later after he'd
looked into it a little bit he may have
thought there was something there so
what if what if struck what if struck
actually believed that through normal
legal means the FBI would find out what
stuff about Trump they would disqualify
him that's not illegal it's not illegal
to think that your investigation will
turn up something because of what you've
already seen it's the simplest defense
in the world all he has to do is say you
know based on you know that the hints
I'd seen and the people we were talking
to and the kind of connections the Trump
had and based on my own
you know experience I could just sort of
smell there was something wrong so I was
pretty sure we were gonna find something
that was disqualifying we just haven't
found it yet if you give me that defense
and I'm sitting on the jury I say to
myself maybe maybe not but it's
definitely reasonable doubt yeah that's
a perfectly reasonable thing to imagine
what's happening and it would also
explain those texts so here's my caution
don't necessarily think that my
alternative explanations are true but
don't be trapped in the in the in the
trap where just because you can't
imagine anything else and the other way
to interpret those texts just because
you can't imagine it doesn't mean there
isn't another interpretation you know
we'll see so I'm not telling you that
they're innocent I'm not telling you
they're guilty I'm telling you that your
your level of certainty based on the
texts is probably over a little
overwrought is that the right word there
Occam's razor so somebody's saying
Occam's razor you may have missed my
periscopes in which I say that Occam's
razor isn't
eugen do you know what do you know is up
do you know what is the simplest
explanation for everything it's whatever
I think I always think my simplest that
my explanation of events I always think
that's the simple one but you know what
the person I'm arguing with thinks
there's is a simple one too so if you're
using that that standard you know you'll
always be confused because everybody
thinks their explanation is the easy one
what you want to get an example here's
one how did the universe come into being
what's the simplest explanation one word
evolution one word evolution that's the
simplest explanation how about you Dale
what do you think what God okay
turns out there are two simple
explanations which one's more simple
evolution Oh God
well I'll tell you it depends which side
you're on if you believe in God and God
created the universe set everything in
motion do you think that's the simple
one if you think there is no God
you think evolution is a simple it's one
word I just explained the whole universe
is one word what could it be simpler
yeah or Big Bang right now let's talk
about what else was in the news did you
see that there was just great television
this morning I caught it live apparently
the president wandered out into the into
the lawn and wandered into the news
cameras and had a half-hour interview
with Fox News which was hilarious
because it was a you know the thing
where you're training a dog then you
make the dog hold the biscuit on its
nose you know it has to just stay there
and I can't eat the biscuit and then
then you finally say you know eat it
then
and he said I felt like the president
was doing that with all the news that
was not fox news so you have all that
this big gaggle of reporters but the
only one see he spends a half an hour
talking to just you know Peter Doocy the
whole half-hour complimenting Fox News
and their great ratings and what a good
job they do and and meanwhile CNN is
over there with I'm gonna get that
biscuit uh-huh so and then and then
later the president wanders into the
larger gaggle of reporters and they're
yelling questions and there was there's
one kind of humorous thing he said
during the Fox interview that the other
reporters heard and one of them was he
was talking about Chairman Kim and he
said you know he was a strong leader and
I'm paraphrasing but the president said
something like you know he tells us you
know he gives his people in order and
they they sit up straight right so he
goes when Kim gives them an order they
his generals they sit up straight and
then the the president jokes he goes you
know I wish I wish my people would do
that so he gets into the larger group
and somebody else what did you mean when
you said you you wish your people would
sit up straight meaning you know they
were implying that he was saying that he
wanted to be a dictator like it liked
him and and the president looks at him
and and this was like one of the
greatest live interview situation events
the president looks at it looks at the
into the group of all these reporters
and he goes in response to the question
what did you mean about sit up straight
literally the least important news item
that was happening right so not only was
that the least important thing that's
happened in months that one comment but
it was obviously you know the said in
jest and somebody says what did you mean
by that comment and and Trump if you saw
a live it was great Trump looks into
into the group and he goes who are you
with
and then they go CNN he goes see it
let me just laughs at him you guys it
was a joke and so not only did he spend
a half hour talking to you know the the
friendliest news organization FoxNews
while other all the rest of them were
like the dogs with the biscuit waiting
but when they finally get their chance
when they finally get their moment you
know at the White House an important
question to ask the president on the
same week that we've got big news and in
North Korea the unemployment rates or
have 44 year lows the OIG report is just
out what do they ask about let me tell
you what they ask about what do you mean
when you said there they would sit up
straight
is that a like a dictator thing is there
anything else happening this week that
might be worth talking about I can't
think of a thing you know what we should
talk about not the end of nuclear or no
not the best economy ever no let's talk
about posture let's talk about posture I
can't think of anything else important
[Music]
seam all right so what else is happening
there's so much news I actually had
trouble collecting my thoughts for this
periscope because just since the last
time I did one yesterday I feel like so
much has happened I was just overwhelmed
I was actually exhausted yesterday and I
think it was actually too much news did
you see the clever thing that Trump did
with the NFL kneelers so Trump offered
that if they had ideas of who to pardon
people who had been
treated unfairly that he would pardon
them and then he reported in today in
his impromptu news conference or
impromptu interview I guess with Fox
News he said that no one has suggested
any people that he's seen yet
you know maybe his staff has seen them
but he hasn't seen it yet and the
implication was that it was all that it
was all a fake protest because the
moment he asked the moment he offered to
help they had nothing now here's the
trick the protesters were not protesting
people who are in jail you know that
that was the some part of the the larger
tapestry of things they were protesting
but they were protesting police
brutality which is you know happens
before you're in jail so that the issue
was not people unfairly jailed that was
never the NFL's issue the you know
although certainly there must be people
unfairly jailed you know there must be
plenty of them and and it would be good
if if somebody could get them out even
if it's under this these this weird
situation where the president asked them
for something that was a little
off-topic but he's now managed to sort
of frame the NFL the NFL kneelers he's
framed them as people who asked for
something and when he offered to give it
to him they didn't have any suggestions
now that's not exactly what was
happening with the NFL kneelers Colin
Kaepernick was not protesting
specifically people in jail for long
terms we know with names and stuff that
that's not what he was protesting it was
more about institutional racism it was
very specifically about about the police
brutality does walk half anyone yeah I
actually asked hawked for some names and
he said he'd get me some now I have to
warn you in advance so let me let me
just tell you what's coming I don't know
is coming but I it might so one of the
things that hawk knew some ahead of the
black lives matter and of Greater New
York one of the things he tweeted at the
time was that during when President
Trump was pardoning folks he said that
there are some Black Panthers who have
been in jail for decades I guess and he
suggested that there might be some of
them who were also candidates for a
pardon now I'm not sure if pardoned is
exactly the right term in that case but
so I told the hawk because this is sort
of my you know if you've been watching
me for a while you know that my my brand
so to speak is that I'll talk to anybody
and I will listen to any argument and in
this very specific case if there's
something that the you know the black
community the african-american community
in particular if there's something they
want that Republicans are not paying
attention to or they're not hearing it
right that I would help interpret
meaning that I would help you know in
particular help Hawk Newsom get his
message out just to make it the
strongest possible argument because if
the strongest possible argument doesn't
persuade anybody well at least I've done
my job right you know I've done what I
can do as a as a a team member in
America you know if members of my team
in this case the black community wants
something and they're not getting it I'm
gonna help them at least express it in
the most persuasive way that's as far as
I can go I'm not a politician but I
think that's fair alright and I would
want you know someone to do the same for
me right if I couldn't make my case in a
way that somebody needs to hear it I
would hope that somebody would help me
translate and say okay the the best way
to phrase this so it's persuasive for
the group you're talking to is this way
so I've offered I've offered to do that
to be sort of a universal translator for
people who want to make their case more
persuasive and
so I I don't know if Hawk is gonna give
me some names that are really part in a
bowl because yeah somebody just had no
release for violence so as soon as Hawk
offered that I said you know if if
they're in jail for violence that's
probably a non-starter right I think
you'd all agree if if they're in jail
for violence it's probably a non-starter
but if there's somebody in jail just for
example for something that was let's say
they were they tagged along on something
in which somebody got hurt and let's say
that the penalty they got for just
tagging along
they weren't personally involved in the
hurting maybe it's you know two or three
times longer than the average just
hypothetically if there's a situation
like that I'll listen to that I will
listen to that and yeah so accomplished
you know it depends how how much of an
accomplice they are right if somebody
was just turned 18 and they made them
drive the getaway car I'll feel a little
bit yeah the getaway car driver exactly
I'll feel a little bit differently than
if it's not a little bit I'll feel a lot
differently than if they were involved
and actively involved in the crime but
so here's the point sometimes you have
to do something that's so out of the box
just to just to shake things up
you know if you have a situation that's
not working quite the way you want you
see president Trump do this all the time
he just goes and he does something
you're not supposed to do he just shakes
the box until the variables change given
that the country has this huge problem
right now with race division and a lot
of people accusing the president of
being literally a racist it's a huge
problem and if there was a way to shake
the box to maybe get it get the
variables to line up a little
differently that's a shake worth shaking
and so if there is a case of a black
panther who wasn't directly involved in
murdering
anybody you're hurting anybody who got
who got a let's say a prison sentence
that by today's modern standards looks
excessive you know like a like a fifty
year or you know sentence for something
normally you might get ten I'm gonna
look at that and I'm gonna look at it
seriously because if if this president
just hypothetically and by the way I
don't think this is going to happen it
seems very unlikely that you're gonna
get a black panther pardoned but if it
happened it would be the biggest box
shake we've seen yet and it you know
heads would explode but in a good way so
so my commitment to hawk is just as a
young friend teammate trying to be
helpful
I will make the argument if he gives me
some names that you know are legitimate
there's an argument for them being
treated more harshly than someone else
I'll take that argument if we federally
legalize weed to all the people in jail
on weed charges get released well I
don't know that the people in jail on
weed charges are there for federal
offenses I would imagine most of them
are first state offenses I'm not
knowledgeable enough but um it does seem
like that might be a there has to be at
least considered right you I wouldn't
want anybody in jail for something that
just became legal that doesn't make any
sense
can Trump spin decriminalize weed as
reparations I don't think you would it's
kind of a stretch Oh Trump Foundation
you're talking about the the charity
yeah so the news yesterday gathered
there's so much news there's news that
the state of New York is moving against
the Trump a charitable organization is
the Trump foundation is that what it's
called
now here's another situation where we
the viewers don't have any facts yet at
least facts that are useful to us for
making decisions yeah the timing is very
suspect what are the odds what are the
odds that this case comes up just at the
time that the that the the Russian
investigation is coming to a close and
and doesn't seem to be anything bad
there what are the odds so it does seem
like it's intentional that they just
needed to you know fire up something new
that's complicated and sounds bad and
people people won't be able to judge it
yeah the fact that it's been sitting
there for ten years and they haven't
moved yet that should tell you something
about it right then there was a report
in the hill I think it was that somebody
reported that the president asked in
some closed meeting about why do we care
that Russia has Crimea and you know be
and I think part of that was that they
speak they speak Russian now I guarantee
you that was taken out of context but
here's what I've asked about Crimea and
I don't I don't know what the president
said I don't know he's thinking there
you should assume that whenever you hear
a story about Oh a secret source said
the president said something crazy in
the meeting just don't believe any of
that
right it might be true in some cases but
it's not credible I mean you might as
well just make up stuff and try to get
lucky because listening to that kind of
report is crazy but if I were in the
room I'll tell you what I would have
asked here's what I would have asked so
why do we care that Russia has Crimea I
have the exactly the same question right
now and part of that question and again
this would be all the context that would
be removed in order to make the
president sound bad so the first
question I'd say is is there anybody
else like Crimea that we need to worry
about that Russia might think they own
so mentioning that in Crimea they they
speak Russian is actually a fairly
important variable but it's not the only
variable and I'm sure the discussion was
not about that one variable so when you
see I think was the hill reported that
he asked you know you mentioned hey why
why do we care about Crimea they speak
Russian that has all the hallmarks of
something taken in a context the larger
context being there are a number of
variables and the fact that they speak
the same language is probably an
important one because it's one that
allowed Russia to say well they sort of
belong in our camp and yeah I also
didn't see in the reporting what did
Crimea think of this situation yet
Russia thinks they still own Alaska so
that's a perfect example since the last
seconds did not speak Russians Russia
wouldn't have any argument for it so if
you said to Russia
hey Russia we need you for a lot of
other things in the world and if Crimea
is the thing that's that's holding us
back do we in the United States care too
much about Crimea because the first
thing I want to know is the Crimea voted
somebody said Crimea voted to 85 percent
to join Russia you don't believe that do
you you know
I can't believe that anyone would think
that
Crimea's vote to join Russia would be an
actual objective vote yes right you know
of course that was rigged you know that
that seems obvious to me but it might be
true that they still have a majority
that want to be Russian I just don't
know so if I were in that meeting I'd be
asking the same questions like what did
the Crimean people want is there
something about Crimea that's special
that doesn't apply to anywhere else in
other words do we have to worry about
Russia trying to absorb Estonia you know
is Estonia next well probably not
because they don't speak Russian so
there's less of an argument about their
Russian Asst that Crimea River Crimea is
a vaccination waking NATO up well that's
really what trump was pushing on
so the standard thinking feels like old
thinking and the standard thinking was
that Russia was expansionist and was
going to gobble up its neighbors it
sounds like it sounds like Trump was
pressing on that to find out is there a
situation in which they definitely would
push to take over a neighbor versus a
situation which they would definitely
not and maybe the language of the
population is one of the key variables
I'm sure it was so if you ask me it was
a perfectly reasonable conversation to
have and if it was in the context of
pushing against the experts to see how
they reacted that's exactly the way you
want him to talk you know how many times
have we seen this reported where he'd
asked a question which taken out of
context sounds outrageous but if you put
it back in context and you realize he's
talking to his generals and he needs his
generals to give him the argument that
he's going to use do you remember the
one where it was reported where he asked
his generals why don't we use
clear weapons in Syria do you remember
that first of all who knows if that even
happened but second of all if you put me
in that meeting I would ask that
question because the generals would say
here are the reasons you don't want to
do it you know since the president kills
too many people whatever the reasons and
then you take those reasons and when
somebody asks you do you plan to use a
nuclear weapon in Syria you say to the
press no because if these are the three
reasons that we would never do that so
asking your generals to give you the
defence which then becomes your defense
is perfectly legitimate for a president
to ask in a closed meeting but if you
take that question out of context you
can make it look like you is promoting
nuclear war in Syria which in my opinion
is so close to ridiculous that it's it's
just not believable on the surface do
you even need to ask that question about
nukes I think you do for because the
issue was the small ones and consider
consider that but you know one small
nuclear weapon and again I'll be taken
in a context which is which is the
problem here I would have asked the
question because you don't know how
small you can do a nuclear weapon and
you don't know you know would that be a
game-changer you know obviously it ended
the the hastened probably at the end of
the the war in Japan at great cost but
if he used a nuclear weapon to take out
you know 40 percent or 60 percent of all
Isis fighters with one one bomb you know
least asked the question now I'm sure
the answer is no don't do that the
reason you know that the cost of that is
you know way beyond whatever benefit you
get well how do you know that if you
don't ask the experts I would ask and I
would get their answer and then that's
the answer I would use when people ask
me if I was going to use them
yeah the the Japanese question of course
is complicated by historians reporting
that you know they probably would have
sounded any way how was the weed in
Amsterdam I don't know if I told you the
story before but I accidentally bought a
joint in Amsterdam you know it's all
legal there and or I think it's not
legal it's just tolerated or something
and I accidentally bought one that had
tobacco in it and it just about took my
head off if I haven't I've never felt
like that I took a couple of puffs and I
couldn't find the ground yeah I was
trying to put it out just on the curb
just on you know on the ground and I
actually I couldn't find that I couldn't
find the ground I had to wait I've never
I've never had anything like that I
smoked I smoked tobacco accidentally
that was mixed mixed with the marijuana
yeah noam chomsky somebody's scent
apparently somebody emailed noam chomsky
and asked him what he thought about
North Korea the current situation and he
was surprisingly positive about
president Trump's progress and that was
interesting
- tube I'm just looking at your comments
here can you talk about California I
think you're asking about the plan to
divide California into three parts
that's one of those situations where I
don't think anybody understands it in
other words what would that do you know
would nobody knows if they're part of
California would be the good part so
it's hard for me to have an opinion on
that
I just don't think anybody understands
it and well I guess I do have an opinion
given that nobody understands it don't
do it if we can ever reach a point where
we actually understood and could predict
you know with some confidence that if we
did these things we'd get these good
results if we could do that then I'd say
go ahead and do it or at least consider
it but given that we don't really know
yeah you don't shake the box that's
that's a good analogy somebody saying do
you just shake the box in California
yeah it's not a bad argument but it
seems like it would be terribly
disruptive in a in a way that is
different than the way President Trump
shakes the box let me make the
difference when the president shakes the
box
he's usually shaking our ideas the thing
is shaking usually is the way we're
thinking when you talk about California
you would shake the box to turn it into
three states instead of one but it
that's physical it's a lot of work and
complexity and friction that's a
different kind of shaking the box that's
the kind you want to avoid until you
have a little more certainty all right
I'm done for now and I will talk to you
later