[Music]
hey everybody yes I'm a little bit late
today life got in the way
sorry it took me so long to get here
especially especially when the things
are heating up with Iran I feel like I
can't go away for one morning
leave the world to run itself my god
so once everybody gets back in here
we're gonna have the little thing I like
to call the simultaneous SEP some of you
are addicted and you didn't want to wait
but you waited it's gonna pay off here's
the payoff grab your cup your mug your
glass your stein your chalice your
tankard you were thermos your flask your
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid it's still the morning
where I am so I'm having coffee join me
now for the simultaneous end still
delicious alright so just a little
update on me a little dog emergency this
morning I think she'll be fine don't
need to talk about that but that's all
that was going on little little dog
urgency should be should be okay so
let's talk about Iran let me start with
what you should believe and what you
should not believe we'll start with what
you should believe so based on what
we've heard so far about the Iranian
situation about the downed drone and
about the attack that was on before was
off here's what you should believe okay
we're done with that so that's that's
all the stuff you're supposed to believe
nothing basically we're still in the fog
of war everything you hear from Iran you
should not believe everything you hear
from your own government don't believe
it not yet now mostly because we're in
the
fog of war and because part of this
chess match has to do with managing the
public's opinion and I would not ask my
government to immediately tell me all
the facts exactly as they know them to
be true at this point they have a bigger
objective the bigger objective is
handling the situation with the ramp so
if you and I have gotten some
information that wasn't exactly correct
don't be too surprised yes if everything
we know about this situation turns out
to be false don't be too surprised okay
here are the things which I think are
especially let's say not credible but
could still be true all right so I'm not
saying these things are false I'm saying
can't know for sure here's one we heard
at one point that was so we're claiming
that our drone was in international
waters when I got shot down Iran is
saying hey that drone was over our
territory which one of those two things
is true well we don't know but one of
the possibilities is that it was over
Iranian territory and by the time they
got around to shooting it down it had
crossed into international territory and
they shot it down anyway
maybe we'll never know another
possibility is that there were two
aircraft one of them was in their
territory one was not maybe things were
a little confused maybe one was a little
stealthy and the other one wasn't
maybe they shot down the wrong drone I'm
not saying that's likely what I'm saying
is that the the odds that the story that
we have right now being exactly right
not that high it could be that so let me
go on with things that you shouldn't
necessarily believe yet could it be true
but keep an open mind
we heard didn't we hear last night that
the that the Jets
we're already in the air and they were
going to attack but I think this morning
we heard that there were no assets that
had already been launched well what does
that mean maybe we have jets that are
always in the air so are they launched
or now launched because we always have
Jess in the air don't know so we don't
know if it was lost and he called it
back or if we had not quite launched and
it was maybe some assets were in the air
just checking out the situation don't
know and maybe we'll never know the
president speculated that there might
have been a rogue general who launched
the attack and might be in big trouble
with his boss most people recognize that
as offering an off-ramp so that Iran
could claim it was an accident
and and backed out I heard again this
morning from there's an article on Fox
News that there are some reporting from
of course anonymous sources which should
not be trusted saying that that's
exactly what happened and that one of
the possibly the reason the attack was
called back is that the president may
have learned that his instinct was
correct and that Iran was very mad at
one of their generals don't necessarily
believe that to be true it could be true
I mean it's totally within the the realm
of things which could be true but don't
necessarily believe it and then there's
a story that the reason the president
reversed the the attack that was planned
was because he heard at the last minute
that there would be a hundred and fifty
casualties mm-hmm maybe but do you think
that an entire attack was planned you
know an entire attack was planned and
nobody mentioned in the first several
minutes of that conversation the likely
number of casualties
does this sound likely that the
president didn't think to ask that
question and no one offered it until the
last
hmm maybe not likely so I would say that
almost all of the facts here fall into
the category of maybe could be maybe
some of them are true maybe none of them
are true don't know I think it's
probably true that a drone got shot down
because Iran says is true and we say
it's true so if you have it from both
sides that's probably true so I think
maybe that's the only thing you can be
sure of we had a drone they shot it down
we both say that all right let's talk
about the interesting things the first
thing you have to know is that we
probably tested their defenses right and
we did it for free so we tested their
reaction to an imminent attack which
they probably would have had some sense
of what things we are likely to attack
so it was sort of obvious that we would
go after some some stationary structures
such as military you know radar etc and
missile batteries so they probably
responded to what they imagined
correctly was an imminent attack so we
somebody says it's not free now the
drone got shot down that's a separate
sunk cost you can't get that back but
once the drone is gone and you can't get
it back you have a new set of decisions
that are not based on that cost that you
can't get back that's in the past now
but we had a an option to threaten an
attack and see how they responded here's
another way that they may have responded
do you think that the Ayatollah slept
above ground yesterday do you think that
the Ayatollah was just in his ayatollah
headquarters sleeping in his normal bed
last night probably not probably not he
probably spent the night in a bunker and
maybe the last few nights it's possible
that we threatened enough military
action
so that we could observe where he went
so one of the things we may have learned
is where the ayatollah goes when we are
this close to war so we don't know how
much we learned out of this exercise but
you have to at least keep the
possibility open that we either did what
we did to find out how they would
respond without without the intention of
going through with it which would also
explain how it leaked like crazy did you
notice all the leaking it was just like
this giant sieve of leaks telling them
that we almost attacked but changed our
minds at the last minute maybe that's
what happened or maybe it was always
intended to be an almost attack because
if you staged an almost attack look at
the benefits you get number one you test
their responses very very important
because it weakens them and it tells
them oh crap they know exactly what
we're gonna do because they just saw it
they watched it themselves they know
exactly what we do when we're this close
to an attack number two do we know or
and then there were the leaks so we got
essentially the benefits some of the
benefits of an attack without the cost
of an attack it didn't cost us money to
attack and it didn't cost us lives and
it did not make things worse here's what
it did and what you're seeing is a
replay of the kim jeong-hoon play that
ultimately succeeded in getting talks
going here's the part that nobody but me
will describe to you in detail two weeks
ago when the Ayatollah thought about
military action it was a concept it was
a concept a military action wow that
would be bad I should know what that
there was a concept when Kim jong-un was
talking about you know building his
nukes
in the United States the idea of war was
sort of a concept President Trump took
that concept and with with three words
fire and fury and somebody saying in the
comments he turned it real Kim jong-un
had to spend however many days it was
imagining himself dying in a ball of
fire along with everybody he loves and
everything he cares about he had to live
with that as a reality so he had to
imagine every day watching looking out
the window and seeing the nuclear
fireball coming toward him until he
evaporates he had to imagine hearing the
screams of his loved ones as they died
president Trump gave that gift to Kim
jong-un of that vivid this is happening
right away this is real now Kim jong-un
responded exactly like somebody should
respond let's talk and that produced at
least at the moment something that looks
a lot less dangerous last night
the Ayatollah was probably in a bunker
and probably his whole family was not I
don't know what kind of family or loved
ones or lovers or best friends he has
but while he was in that bunker he had
to think about the fact that the people
he loved who were above ground might be
evaporated in the next 24 hours he had
to live thinking this might be the last
thing I ever see is the walls of this
bunker he had to live with a vivid
thought of the entire nation of Iran
going up in flames in minutes his mind
was that oh my frickin Allah I've ruined
everything I took it to the edge and
this Trump guy that we can't predict is
going to a nap
my entire country and he's not even
gonna look back he's not even gonna say
sorry he's gonna frickin turn this into
a parking lot and it's on me that's what
the Ayatollah was thinking last night
am I wrong now I'm not a mind reader but
it seems safe to say that if you were
the leader of a country and you took it
to the edge and that then it looked at
least for a number of hours last night
it looked like you would be on the edge
and you would destroyed your entire
country killed everybody you care about
and doomed yourself to the last hours of
your life in a bunker like Hitler
that's what he had to live with
yesterday courtesy of the most
persuasive president we've ever had now
the president by creating let's say the
narratives because we don't know what's
true and what isn't and at this kid at
this point I'm not sure that's important
because we do have a war of ideas that's
happening all right this president by
saying I called it back because there
would be a hundred and fifty casualties
what do you make of a hundred and fifty
casualties well if if we said that 150
people were gonna die in the country
some mortal enemy we might say that's
acceptable because we're getting rid of
nuclear weapon risk and you know it's a
it's somebody else's citizens that are
dying etc but what do you make of it if
you're a citizen of Iran and you know
that this is a top priority for the
United States you know that Iran just
shot down your your very expensive drone
and you know that your government is
talking about ramping up their nuclear
program sort of hinting at that very
directly but then the President of the
United States says I called it back
because I wasn't willing to let wait for
it 150 citizens of Iran who we love
of suffer for it think of that message
you're a citizen of Iran and who knows
how much news gets through but I think
they have VPNs and they have they have
ways to get news into a R and even
though their internet is is restricted
the citizens of Iran just learned no
exaggeration this is that what's coming
now is not an exaggeration they just
learned that the President of the United
States cares more about their lives than
their own leader true that's not an
exaggeration is it because one of those
leaders decided to not injure those
Iranian public the other leader is
injuring them every day he's starving
them with bad policies he's making he's
bringing in them into wars with other
places he's doing everything you could
do to make the average citizen of Iran
worse off the President of the United
States just took besides the President
of the United States just took sides
with the public think about it all right
it's very powerful at the same time the
president has given a Iran an off-ramp
by by floating this idea that there
could be a rogue in general he's
allowing Iran to say uh yeah that's what
it was it was a little rogue general
yeah we didn't mean this to happen he
has set the stage for negotiations for
the first time we've never been here
before
we've never been to this exact place
where we went up to the edge of war and
the president of the United States said
I'm going to protect your citizens
better than you are
let's talk it's big
this is really big yeah the other
possibility that you can't rule out is
that the president got a phone call last
night he might have gotten a phone call
well maybe we'll never know but we could
imagine that there are things we don't
know about this whole situation one of
the things that could have happened is
that Vladimir Putin might have picked up
the phone Putin might have said holy
crap look I know we got our problems but
nobody wants a war with Iran not good
for Russia not good for the United
States not good for her and not good for
the Middle East not good for anybody I
will do something for you that I wasn't
willing to do before what is that we
don't know could be working more
productively in the Middle East could be
could be talking Iran under their
nuclear program it could be anything or
somebody saying in the comments the next
thing I was going to say it could be
President Xi China could have picked up
the phone and said holy crap hold on we
can do something about this that we have
not offered before we'll put a little
more pressure on them we'll cooperate
with the sanctions a little better just
don't do this maybe you know no but
here's the thing we don't know if any
phone calls like that came in or or how
about Israel what if it was Israel
what if Israel called up and said look I
know you want to do this we've been
taught you know we would love to put
some more pressure on Iran but if you
pull back you will be compatible with
the message from Netanyahu for the past
year zone and Netanyahu's been saying we
love the people of Iran we want to help
you we want to help you with diesel
organization we want to help you too
economy you just have to do something
about your government could have been
Netanyahu you might have picked up the
phone and said hold on hold on if you
pull back we might have the best
situation for
a compromise you've ever seen worth a
shot
now suppose we decide to simply do some
sort of retaliation let's say Iran
doesn't immediately respond in anything
that looks productive so that we need to
Ratchet it up what would that look like
what would it look like if we ratchet it
up well we could find maybe something to
bomb that didn't have any people I don't
know maybe something that just costs
them a lot of money but we already have
the sanctions on so I would think the
cleanest thing to do is just figure out
a way to ramp up the sanctions now I
imagine that they're our allies and
friends of ours that are breaking the
sanctions and we could put the pressure
on them more than we have now
say for example hypothetically China or
some other country had been not let's
say not abiding by the sanctions now a
week ago they could have kept cheating
and cheating and you know we can said
stop it stop it stop it nothing what
happens because they don't care about
stopping it we're talking it's just talk
but now war is on the line China doesn't
want a war in Iran so now you say to
China look here's the deal and I think
you can tell we're not bluffing put the
sanctions on make them real or Iran
starts losing assets and people and it's
going to hurt at this point we can push
our allies and our frenemies harder than
we could ever push them before so once
again the president has created a
leverage situations that he just didn't
have last week it's a whole new game
everything is different today because of
the exact way that this was handled and
again I'm not going to say this was
always the plan it could be something
that developed and opportunistically or
because he got a phone call or because
he had second thoughts for any reason it
may not be something grand
four dimensional chess all the way
through well I think for which at
whatever reason accident or genius we
did get to the right place this is sort
of right where you want to be let me
take this to the productive level so how
do you get I ran out of there
confrontational stance toward the United
States I've suggested this before but
the timing always matters there's no
such thing as a good idea there are only
ideas that are perfect for the moment
let me say that again there's no such
thing as a good idea there are only
ideas that fit perfectly with the time
and the moment so this is an idea that
I've mentioned a number of times before
which sounded maybe a best interesting
because the time wasn't right now it's
the same idea I'm going to tell you in a
moment but the times right and it goes
like this this is the Ark of war see if
you can see that step one kill
step two economic war step three a war
of ideas the old way to do war was to
kill humans the new way to do war the
2019 version is economic sanctions
because the world is so interconnected
the sanctions are devastating you know
if you get enough people to say yes this
country is bad it's devastating but
economic war probably is not quite what
we need to get to the end the end zone
with Iran because of the religious sort
of
you know their deal what would you call
it their religious requirements that
must be satisfied so so there's a higher
level need that needs to be addressed
Iran is not just about military Iran is
not just about economy Iran is very much
about their belief system if you don't
address that you haven't addressed the
whole the whole stack and here's my
suggestion I think we should challenge
Iran directly to a war of ideas I think
we should address them directly and say
if you trust your God you have
confidence in your God let's take our
disagreements to the Internet let's
let's take it to the war of ideas
because killing people doesn't work
anymore
just doesn't work crushing economies
could work if you do not have a
religious say framework like Iran does
where apparently at least the
administration would rather die than be
productive they'd rather die so if
somebody would prefer starving and dying
than threatening to kill them and
threatening to crush their economy isn't
as powerful as it should be they need an
off-ramp they meet a way to say that
they could win and I think that the way
to do that would be to threaten to open
up their internet for them unless they
open it up themselves so we could say
for example look around there's one
thing we want from you and just
surprised the heck out of them we want
you to free up your internet we want you
to let your people have access to the
world now think about that think about
just think about the change in frame
think about we were we are almost in a
shooting war and you would expect that
the response to that would be we will
crush you militarily we will take out
your assets we will bomb you
what they expect right they also
probably expected a full military attack
last night but what they got was uh-oh
we don't want to kill your citizens
that's not what we're about
pull back let's talk at this point the
stage is set for the probably the best
chance we'll ever have we should say to
them we're looking out for your people
we don't want to determine what your
people have it's not it's not up to us
to decide but we want them to have
access to the world we want you the
government of Iran to open up your
internet now think of that as a response
we might have to do other things too
with typing the sanctions etc probably
more of military threatening just to
make sure that threats stays real but it
would be very interesting to say what we
want is dialogue but not just between
the government and our government we
want dialogue between the people we need
we want your people to have the freedom
that everyone else has that has the
Internet
now it seems to me that that sort of
freedom would get us to the place we
need to get because their own citizens
would control their government on their
own but they probably need a little
access to information etc to do that I
think the the opening of the Internet
for them would be a big deal
now I also wonder if there's anything we
could do technologically to open up
their internet for them without their
agreement because that might be the
worst thing for them you know there's a
reason that the the regime doesn't allow
their citizens full access to the
Internet and the reason is they don't
they think it's a threat to the regime
so I think it would be important to
address that all right the other one the
other thing I wonder is if it's true
that we find out there was a rogue
general who shot down that
could you assume that the Roga general
was on the side of the Ayatollah think
about it if there were a rogue general
who took it on himself an Iranian
general to shoot down the drone knowing
that that would provoke or an attack is
that general working for the Ayatollah
or is that general working for himself
meaning then maybe that's a general who
doesn't want an Ayatollah that's the
question that the Ayatollah is gonna
have to figure out was this really an
accident was it really somebody trying
to help the realm because it looks like
you shot down a drone and almost got the
Ayatollah killed because that doesn't
look like you're on the same team maybe
we'll find out the the answers that so
anyway just summarizing don't believe
anything you hear about this yet but I
think this president has either by grand
design or by good instinct in the end
created the best situation we've seen to
get to the table yeah the Ayatollah has
taken the idea of war from a concept to
I had to sleep in a bunker last night
and wonder if everybody I love will be
dead by morning
that was his that was his evening the
ayatollahs evening was wondering if
everybody he knows will be dead by
morning that's a that's a good good way
to to key up some talks now the other
wild card here is that Jared Kushner has
been working on
I guess the framework of some kind of a
larger Middle East deal and I tell you
often that if you can't solve a
situation one of the best ways to solve
it is by introducing variables so it
rather than saying it's it's a contest
between us and Iran and their nuclear
program and the Stroud say look around
the small ball stuff isn't the problem
the problem is the larger situation so
let's talk about the larger situation
let's let's get out of the weeds
you know of us let's get into the larger
conversation about Hezbollah and the
Palestinians and Israel and all the rest
and the you know and the proxy wars and
in Yemen etc so I'm going to tell you
that this is very much like the darkest
before the dawn this might be the most
productive situation we've ever seen
with Iran in in recent memory so I'm
going to say that there's there's some
good that's going to come out of this it
might have been accidental
but that's our situation all right I'm
going to go do something else and I will
talk to you later