bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum oh
don't mind me
I'm just reading nothing going on today
pom pom pom pom pom mmm hey you should
really check out greg gutfeld 'he's new
book i just read it on the plane and
it's great if you like Greg and you like
the 5 and you probably do this is a good
read I enjoyed it very much
now I like to when I'm reading a book
sometimes I like to make notes in it and
I probably do it the same way you do
when you make notes in the book you
probably use your official White House
presidential pen oh wow you don't have
one of these I feel so sorry for you
everybody needs their own presidential
pen oh it's got a signature on there in
case I ever wanted to forge the
president's name I've got a little
example right there yes
it's an actual functioning pen used to
sign
I think the farm bill or something all
right
mmm so before I talk about my experience
meeting the President and I'll tell you
in advance I'm not going to tell you you
know what we talked about there were no
state secrets but I'll just give you a
sort of the the atmospheric vibe of it
all because I think that's pretty
interesting let's talk about the
president's tweet this morning it's
another classic it's a great weekend
tweet all right here's the president's
tweet so keep in mind
so I guess LeBron James was being
interviewed by Don Lemon in LeBron
whether you love you know love him or
hate him he's apparently doing some
really good stuff funding a
a school for I forget what it is it's a
some kind of special school and so
that's all great and wonderful and
should be commended but but as you know
LeBron James is a big critic of the
president and so is Don Lemon from CNN
so here's the president's tweet I'm
gonna try to read this without laughing
before I get to the end of it it's not
gonna be easy
all right the tweet says LeBron James
was just interviewed by the dumbest man
on television Don Lemon
he made LeBron look smart which isn't
easy to do I like Mike referring to
Michael Jordan now there's a lot in this
and it's all funny first of all if you
know anything about basketball and I
won't assume that most of you do one of
the big questions in basketball is who
is the best player ever and of course
LeBron is very much in that conversation
and you know Michael Jordan of course is
the other you know in the top two or
three whatever you want to however you
want to slice it so so he goes he goes
right to like an emotional you know so
probably something that's probably
important to LeBron you know he's done
all this work he could be like the
greatest scorer if he plays a few more
years and stuff but but the president
says I like Michael Jordan now you may
know that Michael Jordan famously was
asked his opinion about something
political and he said Michael Jordan
says Republicans buy sneakers too so he
was smart enough to not get into it so
the reference is smart on two levels one
level is that emotionally a comparison
to Michael Jordan would be something
that would bother you think it would
bother LeBron James probably because
they're you know battling for the best
ever but Michael Jordan also has that
great example
I've had to be smart you're just you
know I saw I saw shoes too everybody all
right but here's my favorite part
so I've told you about Ted the president
always makes you think past the sale and
here's another one he's making you
wonder who is Dumber LeBron James or Don
Lemon and I actually found myself
wondering that you know I've never
thought of that I've never had that
thought to before not once in my entire
life have I ever said which one I wonder
which one of those guys is dumber is it
LeBron or is it Don Lemon so it's like
an entirely new thought that's in my
head and it's pretty hilarious but
here's the funny part and I don't know
if you've connected this yet the funny
part is that Don Lemon has to cover this
story because once it becomes a
presidential tweet you can't really
ignore it now it probably was not the
best timing because I don't think Don
Lemon has a weekend show he just said
week week day show I believe and but
he'll still have to talk about it even
on Monday so he's got the entire weekend
this is Don Lemon to stew about it and
then how is he going to cover the story
about the President of the United States
calling him the dumb the President of
the United States publicly calling him
by name the dumbest man on television
and he can't not cover the story right
and if he covers a story of course he's
gonna put his Don Lemon spin on it and
say negative things about the president
but you're already used to the negative
things about the president especially
coming from CNN but what the president's
added is that he also has to cover the
fact that he's been called the dumbest
guy on television you can't not say it
so he's gonna have to actually have to
insult himself frequently on this story
and probably you'll probably have a
panel discussion about whether he's the
dumbest the dumbest man and intelligent
all right so that's funny all right the
question you all want to hear from me is
what is it like to meet the president
and again I'll caution you I'm not going
to give you details of what he said or I
said because that's just something you
don't do but on Thursday I had the the
great honor of meeting the president
getting my picture taken in the Oval
Office and you know we got to chat a
little bit I'm not going to give you any
details about that but I want to tell
you about how it feels
can I use the bathroom
I used the West Wing guest bathroom yes
I didn't use the the one that's awful I
guess there's a bathroom both in the
Oval Office I know so here's a here's
the fun parts that are not confidential
and and I can tell you that are they're
easy to talk about first of all I didn't
own a suit so when I got the request I
actually had to go to the Men's
Wearhouse and you know figure out how do
you buy a suit I think I I don't think
I've bought one in 15 years or something
and I was hoping to go the rest of my
life without owning one you know both of
my parents have passed away so I don't
need one for their funerals and I'm just
thinking well I just might never need a
suit again so but I got a suit and man
those things are uncomfortable now if
you've ever been to Washington DC in the
summer they have this thing called
humidity and we don't get a lot of that
California now imagine me the first time
I'm not wearing shorts the entire you
know from if you live in California you
put on shorts sometime in May and you
just don't take them off until around
October you wear different shorts but
you're pretty much wearing shorts for
half of the year and so I put on this
this old you know suit thing with a
necktie and I get out of the cab at the
the White House entrance and
there are a few layers of you know
security and there's you have to walk
outdoors for a fairly extended time
extended being let's say two blocks so
when you walk outdoors in Washington DC
in the middle of the summer in high
humidity wearing the suit by the time
you actually get to the the entrance of
the West Wing you're completely liquid
it looked like I just one for a swim all
right so here I am I'm gonna be you know
meeting the president in a few minutes
and I'm just like a pile of wet but as
luck would have it I got there early
enough to you know you use the guest
bathroom and tell myself off enough to
look like I just hadn't come out of a
rainstorm and so let me tell you I would
have felt this is really the strong the
strangest part about it
I was I was anxious / nervous about not
being late because I didn't really know
what's the process once you get there
how long does it take you to get through
security is or is there anything that
could go wrong what if I go to the wrong
entrance so I worried about all that
stuff because I normally worry about
travel connections but nothing special
right so I didn't have any special you
know anxiousness about it other than
making sure I got there and once I got
there it was very relaxing and I'll tell
you you know you can imagine that
there's an outer a waiting area and you
have to wait for your time to go in I'm
not going to tell you about who I talk
to in between or those details but I
will tell you I did I did have the
pleasure of meeting Ivanka and Jared
Kushner so just briefly got to meet both
of them and it's completely surreal the
the best way I can describe the
experience is it was like being on
mushrooms and I've described that before
being on mushrooms
you can understand how everything works
you know a door is still a door or a
chair is still a chair but they look
brand new even though you're completely
familiar with them and you have these
two worlds that you hold in your head
when you're doing you know I've done
mushrooms exactly once
decades ago but the but the feeling is
that things are both completely new and
simultaneously completely familiar which
is a very strange feeling and this was
like that because how many times have
you seen the Oval Office in movies and
television you know pictures we've all
spent mentally we've all spent a
tremendous amount of time actually in
the Oval Office but we haven't actually
been in the Oval Office so when you go
in there the Oval Office is first of all
not very large you know you've seen it
it's not a not a giant room but you feel
completely familiar because you've seen
this so many times and even though you
know you're looking at the decorations
and everything and you're looking at you
know how though the Oval Office has the
two couches that face each other and
you've just seen that picture so many
times of presidents sitting on one couch
and the advisers on the other couch and
and you're standing right there like you
know right next to that little couch
thing and you think oh my god this is so
familiar and yet you're standing in the
most like I don't famous important power
center of the you know the known
universe so it's it's incredible just
what it does to your head is amazing but
here's the thing
it's totally comfortable now I will tell
you that without getting into the
details that the part you're gonna
wonder about the most is what's it like
actually shaking hands with the
president and and having a brief chat
and I'll tell you
it is so comfortable that you wouldn't
believe it
so the president as well as the other
the other folks I met there you know
I'll be vague about that but the other
White House folks and you know Ivanka
and and Jared who I met also briefly are
so so charismatic and so down-to-earth
and easy to talk to that this is the
hard part to imagine the standing in the
Oval Office and and having you know
brief chat with this president is as
comfortable as talking to your next-door
neighbor and if you had said that in
advance that it would feel that just
completely normal
I want to believed it right so the the
president's charisma level one-on-one is
just off the charts
right it's like talking to the most
interesting person you've ever talked to
and you already know each other
which is half true because if you've
watched you know if you've watched as
much of the political process as I have
and I've been watching you know
President Trump for I don't my entire
life it seems you you have you in you
have a sense in your head that you
already know him don't you don't you
feel like you already know him if you
were gonna meet him in person if you
take away the you know President of the
United States parts don't you feel like
you already know him so that was the
feeling you get even though you're
completely familiar or you're completely
aware that this is extraordinarily
unique experience and you know well I
don't know how it's hard to say enough
about how unique it was to say it was a
life highlight is just it's not even
saying enough but he is so good at
putting you at ease
and this is the president I'm talking
about yeah he's he has such a social
skill that you feel immediately like
you're just talking to a friend
immediately it was it was instant and
there was not one awkward element of it
and all it was just totally comfortable
yeah so I you know the the other
question you're wondering is is he
actually crazy and the answer is no he's
not he's in perfect control of his
facilities perfect control of the room
delightful sense of humor casual and
here's the part I wasn't expecting and
maybe I should have but I didn't expect
this because of the context of the
meeting I was the guest in the White
House and the White House is sort of you
know nobody nobody owns the White House
right it's it's the country's White
House so in a weird way in a weird way
it was my house too you know it's not
really the president's house it's like a
it's everybody's house but I was the
guest and so I was treated like a guest
and it's just crazy it's crazy you know
and when I say treated like a guest you
means you know like you're the focus of
attention and imagine if you will the
experience of being the guest who's the
focus of attention in the actual Oval
Office
this is craziest feeling you know people
have said this about Bill Clinton I've
heard this that when he was talking to
you the rest of the world just
disappears
I feel it feels like he's yeah this was
I'm talking about Bill Clinton people
would say he had this charisma they
would just make everything else melt
it was like you were the center of the
world president Trump has that like
nobody's business for the you know the
brief time that I was with him it was
like nothing else in the world mattered
to him except you know his you know
brief chat with me and that is a weird
feeling it's and that imagine how hard
that is to do think about how many
things he has on his mind you know think
about you think about whatever he did
just before I came in and whatever he
was doing right after I left right a big
world you know changing important things
but for the moment that I talked to him
he treated me like I was the only thing
in the world it was crazy it was just
crazy I don't think I could do that yeah
so that's what was like you know you
could you could probably interpolate
what his personality is like in person
if you just work backwards from his
rally personality you know his rally
personality is big and theatrical but
you know if he's doing a press
conference he still goes big but it's
not as big if he's you know talking to a
head of state then he you know he gets
smaller but if it's in public you know
let's say he's you know doing that doing
a meet and greet with a leader or
something in public you know it's it
gets smaller and smaller but when you
actually get down to a personal
conversation it's just like a personal
conversation with anybody else you know
right so his his in-person personality
is completely in control his stories are
you know or the way he speaks is
incredibly engaging by far the most
interesting person I've ever met like
that that's easy to say if you were to
say who's the most interesting person
you'd ever met it would be him and that
nobody you're like who's number two
who's the second most interesting person
you ever met and I just say I don't even
want to talk about it's like there's no
competition so he's funny he's engaging
he's smart
very
smart and I don't know if it's our New
York personalities or not but we got
along perfectly and when you ask me
gosh wonder I wonder if it's safe to
have him talking to heads of state and
dictators and people with nuclear
weapons and stuff I thought it based on
my experience the absolute best thing
this country could do is put that
president in a room with a private
conversation with another leader that we
would like to play better with us
because he does have that skill like
nobody's business so when he says stuff
like you know you know he would meet
with Khomeini I guess he said recently
and if there were anybody else I'd say
no might be might be a little risky or
something maybe something go wrong but
it is his one-on-one personal skills are
so good that you know you spend a few
minutes with him and you say okay I
would I would put him in the room with
anybody and you're gonna get a good
result
all right do you have any questions that
I know let me you know I said I it's a
it's sort of a presidential standard if
you will that you don't talk about
anything that you've said with the
president all right
which doesn't mean it was important
right so I'm not saying that there were
any state secrets you know I'm not
saying there was anything important that
you know the world would need to know
about all I'm saying is that just
generally speaking even the casual
conversation you just don't talk about
it
and so I'm gonna maintain that standard
and I don't want to yeah and some of you
saying who invited you
I don't want to get into those details
either because I don't know what is the
right level of how much to talk about so
I'd rather err on the side of being
cautious mm-hmm so he said did he give
me a gift yes he gave me this lovely
presidential
signing marker bump boom somebody said
did he read win Bigley I can't answer
that question but I'll say generally
speaking that my book win Bigley is
well-known in the white house did he say
he'd seen your periscopes it didn't you
know we didn't talk about that I doubt
it I mean that would be my guesses no
but I didn't talk about that all right
um can I show the pen again yes I can
it's just uh it's plastic actually yeah
all it is is a plastic marker pen with
the president's name and bossed on it
are there aliens okay you got me we
talked about aliens did you notice he
use persuasion on me yes yes but it was
the good kind of persuasion it was the
the personal persuasion meaning that he
is persuasive by Nature I can't imagine
anything he would talk about which would
not conform to being persuasive so yes
definitely what did the room smell like
I can't answer that because I don't have
a sense of smell I lost my sense of
smell a couple decades ago so he says it
was a waste of time for him well you
assume it was a waste of time for him
let me put it in context a little bit
you probably saw in the news that the
president contacted
rush limbaugh just called in to a show
to congratulate him on 30 years and I
it's not unusual for the president to
have people over to the to the White
House and I visited in the Oval Office
and get a picture so it's a fairly
routine thing that any president and
this president also would have meetings
with people who have some kind of some
kind of relevance at the moment so
that's very it's very normal
how is the handshake normal I'll tell
you the the handshake was when I made
sure that for a moment I did not make
eye contact because you don't want to be
this guy the guy you got it you go to
shake hands and somebody grabs your
fingertips and does that you know
because your look when you make eye
contact you're not watching your hand so
somebody can like you know give you a
give you bad handshake so he he extended
his hand and I like look down at the
hand and made sure I made a good good
solid handshake there and shake solid
normal business and Jake did not have
any contact with melania no I can't I
can't tell you anything about the
content it was a just a brief chat but I
can't tell anything about that
does he really seem not affected by
criticism I'll give you a general answer
to that which is I've never seen anybody
so relaxed get that job I mean he seems
so comfortable doing what he's doing in
the brief time that I saw him he looked
he looked like he was just meant to have
that job did he pull somebody's asked me
about the handshake because sometimes he
does the pulls you in and pat you on the
arm and stuff like that and now it was a
just standard
Jenko is he a nice guy personally he is
so nice personally he is instantly
likable and has more personality than 10
people did I eat there no I didn't did
not eat in did not eat in the West Wing
and you're part of history now I guess
oh there's a official photograph of me
standing there so I'm a tiny tiny part
of history how long did you meet rather
not say I'll just say brief you could
make of that way you want would you do
it different if you had a chance to meet
him again I would not you know and the
reason I wouldn't do it differently is
because that the hard part to convey is
how you can be in such a you know big
moment and be completely relaxed so I
guess just to tie it all together there
my own feeling of being there and
actually talking to the most literally
the most important person in the in the
universe right now that's fair right
wouldn't you say the President Trump is
at the moment if you had to pick one
person he wouldn't he be the most
important person in the universe the
known universe of human beings anyway
and the moment is so amazing but there's
the part that's like being on mushrooms
completely comfortable like how that
happened I don't know but you know no
nerves no no nothing it was just like
talking to your best friend and it was
it was instant I talked about LeBron
when I first got on you may have missed
that so I hope this was
I hope it was worth oh yeah somebody
else somebody just said that they saw
him personally look good in person he
looks better than he looks on camera so
when you see him in person he's got an
energy and a charisma and a personality
he's a good-looking guy you know for I
don't know how often you say that for
somebody was over 70 but he's a
good-looking guy did you get a chance
for a second photo so the way it's the
way it's done is that there's a an
official photographer so I don't know
how often the photographer hangs around
but I got the feeling the photographer
might be just you know on staff and
there as much as the president is there
so the photographer takes several
pictures I did not bring him a gift oh
my goodness I was allergic to your
question now there were no autographs
going on did you did you pace him we
we're pretty much on the same wavelength
to start with so the the question about
pacing in the persuasion sense pacing
really wasn't a variable because yeah
our way our ways of thinking were not
that different to start with so there
wasn't anything to match - because I
were both already there did he drink
coca-cola I didn't see one is it true
that he's looking younger I I've
actually said that he might be the first
president who leaves office looking
younger than he went in just like I said
the job looks like it just fits him like
a glove he just seemed completely
settled in was it your first time at the
White House it was not my first time at
the White House but I don't talk about
that either it's the first time in this
administration yes I there's a picture
on my Twitter did they offer you to
choose pick to publish
I have that I have a few different
pictures different angles and stuff and
I just picked one of them and yes I got
permission to post the picture so I did
I didn't post the picture until I had
permission and it's actually the
official photographers picture so that
was allowed did you get a picture to
take home well yeah I have the digital
copy of several pictures are you both
similar height no but if you saw the
picture you see that he does he does a
similar picture with most if not all of
his guests where he sits at the resolute
desk and then the guest stands next to
him and one of the benefits of that is
that if you if we were both standing it
would be obvious how small I am compared
to him which would just look like a bad
picture but when he sits at his desk and
you get to be the one standing and you
probably saw the picture of Kim
Kardashian she had you know a similar
kind of pose now I don't know I don't
know how tall Kim Kardashian is but it's
the same situation she would be you know
way below his height and it would look
like a weird picture but when he lets
you be the tall one and and this is let
me yeah let me give you a surprise so
I'll give you one thing that you were
maybe you were surprised about you know
what's the biggest complaint you hear
about the presidents like I use a
narcissist everything everything's about
him well that's that's what the critics
would say right in person I can tell you
he makes it completely about you so he's
a strange kind of narcissist because he
actually is
entirely like invested in the guest that
he's talking to so I did not feel like
it was all about him he made it feel
like it was all about me for the brief
time that I was there so that's you know
I've been saying from the start that the
what people see as his ego is actually a
tool in other words he can he can ramp
it up when he needs to let's say for a
rally and when he's talking to somebody
in person where it would be obnoxious to
be all about him it's not he made it he
made it all about me for the time that
that I was there which was impressive
all right uh how much time in advance I
I'd heard that there was some interest
but the actual scheduling was maybe two
weeks ahead of time something like that
somebody said he's seen sharp for his
age you don't get any sense of age
whatsoever his energy and his quickness
there's no way you could if you if you
didn't know his age and you weren't you
know you didn't have any visual cues you
couldn't tell anything I mean he is he
says he's as sharp as anybody can be
sharp did he compliment me yes I mean in
a in a social sense yes all right but
that's all I won't tell you about that I
mean we were we were both on our best
behaviour that's I'll just say it that
way I have no reason to believe that
he's ever seen my periscopes but that
topic didn't come up I mean I it would
be me amazingly unexpected so I'm
guessing no
all right I think most of your questions
now are the kind that I can't answer so
yeah you know somebody says that I
didn't tell you I didn't want to tell
you because I also didn't know what I
could and could not talk about publicly
and I I didn't know why I was going
frankly so keep in mind that I didn't
know why I was invited I assumed it was
you know no state secret its involved Oh
to answer one question some people asked
me was it a job interview it was not so
there was no discussion of any kind of a
role ongoing or anything like that so
there was nothing like that involved
yeah and so I can't tell you anything
about what we briefly chatted about but
no nothing surprising I'll tell you that
I'll tell you it was nothing surprising
in terms of you know the no state
secrets no no no breaking news nothing
like that
[Music]
I think that's all I can say about that
so do you have other questions
if you do I'll answer them so I can oh
don't ask details about who else was
there or who said what there's the ones
I can't answer was it your best day ever
first or second best
you know I compared it to the one day I
took mushrooms thirty years ago using
that same example and the reason I use
that example is that they were the there
were the two days of my life that are so
unlike all of the other days that they
just stand alone so yes it was I don't
think I'll ever be able to top that for
a cool experiences there there's no
sightseeing you could ever do I just
can't even imagine what would come close
to that it was just crazy totally crazy
I couldn't I could
sleep that night because I you know
sometimes you go to sleep and then you
forget a few details of what happened
that day you know sort of that the
normal process of sleeping and I I
couldn't go to sleep that night because
I didn't want to degrade my memories so
I was pretty exhausted yesterday yeah I
don't have yeah most posterior questions
I can't answer or one oh did I say at
the Trump Hotel I did so I trained I
stayed at the Trump International in DC
which is you know pretty close to the
White House so that was convenient I got
such a toast of the word just the word
Trump because you know if you're staying
in the in a Trump property the word
Trump is on every object in the room
yeah I think everything you cept the
water glass had had the name Trump on it
it was Trump Trump Trump everywhere it's
a beautiful building by the way the but
it's a it's a really cool place how far
away from the White House before I
ditched the tie so when I saw when I
laughed so here's the other here's the
other funny part so you go from
literally talking to the President of
the United States in literally the White
House and literally the Oval Office the
the most intense cool experience you
could ever have but when you're done
because you know I was traveling alone
when I'm done I walk out and I don't
have a car service or anything yeah and
it's pouring rain I mean it's just the
these the sky opened up and it's just
pouring rain
I had my umbrella and I walk out and I
just walked because you know your head
is sort of in that place still you
you can't get your head out of where it
was a few minutes ago and so I just
walked in the rain for a while just sort
of absorbing it not the rain but the
experience I was absorbing quite a bit
of rain at the same time so I just
walked back to the hotel and I just
wanted to feel it for a little while
you know just to make sure the memory
stayed yes the Trump International is
built atop the the base of the building
is the old post office and then they
they kept that part and they built up
from it which is gives it a gives it a
really cool look did I choose to stay at
the Trump Hotel and booked it yourself
yeah I did all of the travel
arrangements myself yes so it was my
choice so on the on the way over I just
took a cab from the hotel you know it
was just a few blocks but I didn't want
to walk it and my cab driver was an
African immigrant so he still had a
thick African accent but he spoke really
good English he just had a still had his
African accent I don't know exactly
which country we didn't didn't ask but
as we were pulling up to the White House
yeah I said to him hey yeah what do you
what do you think of President Trump now
he didn't know that I was going to visit
the President himself but he knew who I
was going to the White House which is a
fairly regular thing you know most of
the cab drivers have driven people the
White House that's fairly routine so I
said to him what do you think of
President Trump and he had he had the
greatest reaction we're inside a cab
with the windows closed right there's
nobody else there's me the cab driver
nobody else windows closed and he
actually lowered his voice to answer the
question he goes
you know you sort of looks over his
shoulder a little bit sort of the best
eye contact he can while he's driving
and he goes you know a lot of people in
this town don't like him talking about
the president and he goes but I like him
and he tells me how much he likes that
the president's the only person who
seems real and there everybody else
seems like a big phony and a bunch of
liars
but for this African recent African
immigrant he was very Pro Trump but
apparently he doesn't apparel he doesn't
admit it if you could have had a more
perfect ride to the White House it was
that like nothing would have been more
perfect as a way to get to the White
House than the cab driver who was an
African immigrant who's a secret trump
supporter but can't tell his friends it
was it was just perfect yes he did get a
big tip
so and the the other so you go to the
Trump Hotel and people are very nice
there but the other thing you're taken
by is that the at least the the
downstairs staff from you know from the
kerb to the hotel to the staff is very
heavily african-american so the the
Trump International Hotel at least the
people you see were I'm gonna say a
hundred percent african-american or
Hispanic or at least yeah some some kind
of immigrant flavor so I I don't know
how much of that is a coincidence or
that's just you know maybe that's just
typical at all the hotels I don't know
the mattress rating it was a good
mattress yeah did they typically pay for
flight now I paid for this so it was an
expensive trip I had to buy a suit
I had to get flights when it was close
to the time I was leaving at the peak of
summer so it was kind of an expensive
trip alright that's about it I think
that's enough to talk about that yeah I
did fly into an era of Reagan National
Airport people keep asking me about
queue I'll stick with my theory that
queue is not real but it is entertaining
and if people like it for the
entertainment that's fine all right and
that's all for now and I will talk to
all of you later bye