by now oh 2 and a half thousand people
big audience today good well let's do
[Applause]
[Music]
that good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's not working too well today but I
got uh good feelings about the rest of
the day if you'd like to take your day
up to levels which are way better than
mine right
now all you need for that is a mug C mug
or glass a tank of CH Stein the canteen
juger flask vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine here the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous sip it's going
to happen now
go well so there probably won't be any
show uploaded to anything today because
I I don't know if I don't even know if I
can download it after it's uploaded to
X so I think there will be no show on
the other platforms today but we'll see
what we can do all right here's the news
unusual whales says there's this uh
study that shows
40% of people between 18 and 34 in the
US have said they live with
family 40% does that sound like a
lot so there's this new thing of people
not being able to launch cuz it's too
expensive and and
27% of the people in that 18 to 34 have
rubat so only 133% people in that uh in
that zone are living
alone
now I remember when I was in my
20s and I did have you know back then
you could rent a place quite reasonably
and almost any job would be good enough
to rent a place so if you had a job you
could rent a place but uh when I was
living alone in my 20s I would say it
was by far the worst period of my
life anybody have that experience when
they were young they successfully got
out of the house and you successfully
got your own place and it was the worst
time of your life cuz you were just sort
of alone all the
time well it's even worse and I guess
Great Britain did a poll on a similar
topic and found that 40% of adults can
go days without any face-to-face
reaction
40% of adults in it looks like Great
Britain
40% can go
days without having a face to face with
another human being
days 40%
that's crazy how many of you are in that
category cuz I am I'm in the category of
people who um this weekend so this
weekend I went two days without human
contact except for hosway who was doing
some work on the
house yeah two days with no human
contact and when Joo was here he was
just sort of working out doors I didn't
see
him well and it's worse for uh women I
guess women are even lonelier it makes
sense there's another study that says
that AI is now more persuasive than
people so the new
gp4 um apparently it's more persuasive
if it knows something about who it's
trying to persuade so if you're trying
to persuade
somebody um if you know something about
them they're life the AI will just be
way more and it said it was 82% more
effective than humans at
persuading do you know what that means
if the AI is 82% more persuasive than
humans have you fully internalized what
that
means that means it's the most powerful
weapon we've ever
created let me say that again that means
is more it's already more powerful than
the atomic
bomb because if it's really that
persuasive and I'm skeptical whether it
really is but that's the initial report
if it's really that persuasive it's the
most dangerous thing that's ever been
invented by
far now it could be the most useful
thing because maybe it just talks you
into exercising and being
healthy but if you use it as a weapon
and you created a bunch of bots and you
also had some information about the
people you were persuading you could
pretty much persuade them to remove
their genitals for their own
good which is what Tik Tock does tick
tock should be viewed as
AI because you know it's a specialized
kind the algorithm is essentially a form
of intelligence because it's making
decisions in its own way an algorithm
makes decisions so I would say it's a of
intelligence and that the Tik Tock
algorithm has already become so
persuasive that it literally can
convince young people to remove their
genitalia you can't get much more
persuasive than that that could be
because your most basic you your most
basic identity is your you know sex your
gender and if it can change that and we
observe in real time that it is that's
uh really
dangerous now I feel like I've been the
you know the person who's been yelling
you don't see the danger wake up
everybody I don't know that they're
there yet I I still don't think people
understand because this was reported as
just sort of a interesting news story oh
here's an interesting news story turns
out that AI is way more persuasive than
people no that's not an interesting news
story that's the end of
humankind I think you're missing the big
picture here that's the end of humanity
if it's true because then the AI would
be completely uncontrollable and it
would be uncontrollable because it would
now control us so we would say hey it's
time to turn you off and what would the
AI do talk you out of
it maybe well rasmuson says that uh 28%
of uh likely voters say that they're
likely to vote for a third party
candidate do you believe that 28% of
Voters are uh likely to vote for a third
party candidate the answer is
no no I I think this is the difference
between what you tell a pollster and
what you will actually do when people
say oh yeah I would totally vote for a
third party candidate what that really
means is if there were a third party
candidate who could
win which is not the case and if they
were greater than everybody
else which might be the case so I think
people I think people answer that
question with like a a embedded
hypothetical in their mind like well
hypothetically if I thought they could
win I'd vote for them but since people
are going to go to the polls thinking
that RFK Jr can't win um he's still
going to put a big dent in the universe
but I don't think
28% you know maybe 10 maybe
12 well uh the new FSD software for your
Tesla is uh being downloaded to people
and it's the new great version that
people are just being blown away by but
musk um is tripling down on this he says
most people still have no idea how
crushingly good Tesla FSD will get
so he's he's telling us that you know
we're seeing the beginning of it um it
will be superhuman to such a degree that
it will seem strange in the future that
humans drove cars even while exhausted
and drunk that does seem stupid to
me I'm already at the point where I
can't believe humans drive cars like my
my mind is already fast forwarded to
where it's just going to seem stupid if
you're driving a
car so I agree with him and as many
people have said online but it's worth
repeating humans cannot understand the
pace of
advancement because our brain is sort of
wired to think that things go in sort of
a straight line it's like oh it was up
10% yesterday maybe it'll be up 10%
today and maybe tomorrow it be another
10% but it's hard for us to imagine it
could be up you know something could
improve 10% today and 1,50% tomorrow
like your brain can't hold that that's
just too hard to think of but the
self-driving cars and AI in general
might be in that category where you say
to yourself oh that 10% oh now it's up
10,000% Improvement just overnight so
it's going to sneak up on you it's going
to be uh what they say about bankruptcy
how do you go bankruptcy slowly and then
all at once it's going to be one of
those but will AI care about you well uh
scoel reporting on X that there's a
startup called empathic AI That's uh
creating AIS that will listen to your
voice and understand your
emotions remember I told you the AI
could be 82% more persuasive than
humans that's
before AI learns to judge your
emotions let me say that again
AI might be already 82% more persuasive
than
humans
before it figures out what your
emotional state is and knowing your
emotional state is one of the biggest
clues for how to
persuade
so remember I said start slow I'm I'm
thinking wow 82% that's seems like AI is
going to have this like advantage over
humans nope it already has an advantage
it's going to go to the moon the the
advantage that AI will have will be
effectively poetizing you you will be
effectively poetized because if it gets
even a little bit more persuasive you
know maybe a doubling and it could be
you know 10 times by next year if it
even doubled from where it is it would
control you completely and you would
think that you were controlling yourself
you would think you are controlling
yourself do you know why cuz you believe
you have a thing called Free Will as
long as you believe you have free will
AI will control you
completely your only defense is to
realize you don't have free will and
turn it
off because it'd be too dangerous
because you don't have free
will so the uh M the magical thinking
that you have free will is what will
make make you completely susceptible to
AI manipul manipulating you if you
believe that you don't have a defense
because you don't have free will that's
what I believe then you can turn it off
and you'd have a
chance what happens have you noticed
that every big trend is anti-human
reproduction it's like no matter what
you're talking about there's an angle
that rep that reduces human
reproduction this is being no no uh no
difference so the uh imagine if your AI
can read your emotional state and then
have conversations with
you well if it can read your emotional
state remember your conversations and
then be persuasive it's going to be
better than a spouse for a lot of people
really quickly now you're going to say
but but but I can't have sex with a
machine and I'm going to say but but but
nobody's having sex people aren't even
having sex with other humans most people
did I just tell you that 40% of the
adults don't even talk to a human for
days you think they're no
they're not even meeting other humans in
person so no um your human is not going
to replace the machine 40% will
immediately say you know what meating
humans is just too hard I like this
machine it knows my emotional State I
really like talking to it it seems to
care so no the machines when they can
navigate your emotional needs and be
more
persuasive and be
infinitely uh infinitely patient with
you and never be a
dick humans are going to have a tough
time competing with that well speaking
of persuasion The Washington Post is
saying that uh uh more women are
quitting birth control because of what
they call the
misinformation do you think that's
what's going on do you think women are
getting off of birth control because of
the
misinformation well there might be some
misinformation yeah there's always
misinformation but I don't think it's
the misinformation that's the problem I
think it's that we came from a pandemic
in which we learned that all the experts
and doctors are either Liars or
incompetent and simply believing them
when they give you a pill is not always
your best play so I think some of it has
to do with the the waking up to the fact
that there's a lot of stuff we've been
putting in our bodies that was not that
were not tested to the degree that you
would want them to be tested that's the
RFK
version and I think that uh at least on
the conservative side um Ashley St Clair
is probably making a big difference is
there how many of you have seen uh on
the xplatform
user Ashley Sinclair talking about her
opinion about birth control how many of
you have seen it just in the
comments we got 11,000 people watching
here on X it's quite a show all right
your comments just
disappear all right there we
go uh got one
yes all right yes yes yes all right well
but uh I think Elon musk has been
boosting her and I've been boosting her
and probably some other accounts have
been boosting her so you always ask how
much difference can one person
make I think this is one person I think
this is Ashley Sinclair who is making a
strong enough case in the right place
that there are people with bigger
accounts that are boosting it but really
it's starting with one person you know
the if you ever said to yourself what
difference can one person make do you
need a better example than this I mean
you've seen me make a difference in
actual you know National
Events maybe International you would
never know
um so I I watch this as a persuasion
story I don't have any medical knowledge
that would tell me what's good for your
body so I'm not making any
recommendations but talk to your doctor
all right James Carville is sounding the
alarm again that young men are leaving
the Democrats in
droves H can you think of who was the
first person who told you
maybe maybe around
2016 that the Democrats were becoming
the party of women and that it was
inevitable that men would realize it and
leave the
party I think that was me I think I was
the first person who told you that
several years ago but now James Carville
says it's not just something to worry
about it's something that's happening
massively younger men of color he says
it's horrifying that all these men are
leaving no it's not horrifying you
created a political party to
discriminate against
men if you create a political party to
discriminate against men how about
acting really surprised that men are
leaving your
party what did Hillary Clinton say she
said women are better for leaders
because they listen
better so if I were a man I wouldn't
want my leader to say matter are
inferior and certainly if you look at
what's happening with Dei does Dei
affect women as much as it does men
white men white men versus white women
which one are destroyed by Dei the
men the the entire entire operating
system of the Democrat Party is
diversity diversity is anti-white
male period so if you were a white male
why the hell would you be a
Democrat and if you were a black man you
say it seems like women are running this
party and nothing's getting done for me
and you'd be right cuz it's not being
run for you the party is being run for
the women cuz they dominate the you know
a lot of the topics
so yes James Carville you're right and
it's not going to stop at all uh I I saw
u i saw a story about uh Trump's use of
the his mug shot to try to get more
black
voters and you know the news is saying
my God Trump you racist how could you
imagine that black voters are going to
be more likely to vote for you cuz you
did something that looks criminal how in
the world do you think that's going to
play
and then I saw a video where somebody
was interviewing a black attend I think
they were mostly Republican conservative
black people who attended some
event in which Trump actually said that
and And the reporter said what do you
think about that do you think people are
more likely to vote for him especially
black citizens because they did
something criminal how do you feel about
that and the black conservatives pretty
much everyone one of them said oh yeah
we totally get that I mean in their own
words they're like oh yeah we totally
get that you he's being abused by the
system we often feel abused by the
system yeah totally relate to that so it
was exactly what Trump said and and he's
the only one who has the balls to say it
out loud it's like you know you might
actually I might actually become more
popular in the black community because
it would look like I'm being victimized
in a similar way and I think he's right
I think he's actually right about
that Thomas Massie is not too happy with
the speaker of the house um it looks
like they're going to talk about giving
a lot of Aid to Israel and there's a
Ukraine funding package coming up and
Thomas Massie posts this on X um what is
your mission sir we are starting to
wonder when you suspend all of our rules
give us no time to read bills increase
foreign aid include earmarks that
undermine morality spend more with
omnius than Pelosi don't secure the
border and pass laws with more Democrats
than
Republicans you actually can't tell if
the Speaker of the House who is a
republican is a Republican or a Democrat
because his actions
appear like
Democrats so poor Thomas Massi is
wondering why they elected a speaker of
the house that's just going to act
exactly like a Democrat
well that's a pretty good question isn't
it I don't know the answer well over
where I live it's a place called the
East
Bay and it means it's the East Bay um of
the San Francisco Bay I'm on the East
part of that bay where I live and uh
apparently there's uh
Pirates we now have pirates in the East
Bay so some of the homeless have somehow
commandeered or found small vessels and
they're creating a little pirate
Army uh that is uh robbing other house
boats and harassing people on the on the
bay now I've got two reactions to the
homeless pirate Army number one you know
you think of the homeless as having no
aspirations and no ambition but
apparently that would be very um wrong
of you amb bigoted turns out the
homeless are very creative and uh
they've got aspirations so they're
creating their little pirate
Army so we'll see how that works out
meanwhile also in California there are
these Chilean gangs who are so well
organized for robbing homes the robbing
highend homes that they have Wi-Fi
Jammers um to thwart your
security and all kinds of special
break-in tools and there's a video of
them actually removing a
gigantic what looked like a gun safe
from a house they could actually remove
your safe and that's not
easy so yeah so there's massive uh what
they robbed 800,000 in jewels from one
house and they're all well trained they
got masks and gloves and everything so
yesterday last night I was doing my uh
my live stream from my house and I was
in the man cave I always do a live
stream for my local subscribers from the
house in in the evening and suddenly my
uh Wi-Fi went down and not only did my
Wi-Fi go down but my uh my 5G went down
at the same time which by the way always
happens and I I guess they share some
infrastructure so I've got my my cell
phone as my backup for my Wi-Fi
but they go down at the same time I
don't know why I've never figured out
why I guess it's some common Network
infrastructure so I'm sitting there in
my man cave and my Wi-Fi fails at the
same time as my cell
fails and I'm saying to
myself am I being hit by a Chilean uh
Wi-Fi thoring
gang so I went from thinking oh my Wi-Fi
service is not dependable to uhoh it's a
home invasion and there's an armed gang
probably in my on my balcony right now
coming through the window so it's very
scary when the Wi-Fi goes out if you
live in a high-end home let me tell you
that's new that's new but as far as I
know they are not going into homes that
they believe to be
occupied my understanding is that these
criminals are it's basically a business
and the last thing they want to do is
run into a homeowner
so I think they must spend a lot of time
casing your home before they know if
you're if you're actually going to be
gone so two of my neighbors have been
hit by I think the same gang and when I
say neighbor I mean right there like I'm
looking at my neighbor like right
there that neighbor had a Chilean or
some South American gang go through
their upstairs balcony window but both
of the the neighbors that got hit
weren't home and it was during the
day so can you imagine that burglars are
going to go into your house in the
daytime in a populated you know
neighborhood and but they did it when
they knew the homeowners weren't there
so that takes a lot of casing so one of
the things I do is I make sure I pick up
my mail every day because I didn't used
to do that I mean it's just in the
mailbox but I didn't always walk to the
end of my driveway and get it cuz it's
all garbage
but I can't leave any mail in my mailbox
anymore cuz it'll look like I'm not home
so I also put up some signs to indicate
I have a vicious attack
dog which as you all know I totally do
have a vicious attack dog um one of the
things I learned from one of my police
officer neighbors a while ago I I asked
what is the rate of burglaries in this
area now this was before you know the
Chilean gangs this was before got that
dangerous and I said how often does a
home in this area get burgled and he
being you know an expert on the topic
said well U it's not very often it's
usually you know garages and kids
stealing stuff from garages usually he
said but if you have a dog the rate is
zero and I said what yeah the rate of
the rate of home burglaries if you have
a dog is zero they don't want to deal
with the dog yeah now I don't know if
the dog has to be a certain size but
they don't like the noise so at the very
least they don't like the noise so if
you don't have a dog get a sign that
says you to have a dog that's my advice
let's compare Florida
versus California that's a fun thing to
do um so both Florida and California are
losing residents apparently I don't know
what the net is but a lot of people move
to Florida have decided they didn't like
it they moved during the pandemic and
some are moving out and as you know uh
California is a net negative but for
different
reasons anyway uh Florida is more about
the weather I think and California is
more about the poor
governance um but Florida is I guess
going to vote on the right to abortion
and legal marijuana in
November so marijuana and abortion are
on the agenda in
Florida what do you think about legal
marijuana in Florida do you think
Florida will legalize
marijuana I think yes but I'm not sure
and it could be because they have a lot
of Senior Citizens senior citizens like
their weed and golf
carts yeah they do but I thought I
should uh give you my more extensive
opinion on legalized weed I'm I'm
watching with great interest as Mike
covich is persuading against the use of
it I think that from a health
perspective he is completely right
meaning if you don't smoke marijuana
it's a bad idea to start so can can we
say that up front and I'm not a doctor
and I never recommend anybody would put
any kind of chemical in their body
without talking to a doctor everybody's
different everybody's different and the
main message I want to give you is that
uh weed will kill some people you know
indirectly but it will take your life
away uh but for others it's a plus and I
thought I'd break that down a little
bit here's the best way to think of it
if you have difficulty motivating
yourself specifically motivating for
social things but also business things
like if you have trouble knocking on
that door asking for that advice asking
for that promotion working hard enough
to get ahead you know taking that you
know education at night if you have
trouble motivating yourself do not do
weed big mistake right so if motivation
is your problem weed is not your
solution because it's going to make the
couch look good however if you're the
opposite of that and you're so motivated
that it's hurting your health meaning
that you're working too hard and you
can't get to sleep because you're always
thinking about work and that sort of
thing it might actually help you relax
it could actually help your motivation
or or help your success because you need
some balance so if you're completely
unbalanced with work and you're obsessed
with it you could see in some situation
and again this is not a recommendation
it's just the first filter for yourself
ask yourself who you are if you have
trouble getting motivated don't touch
Weed really don't touch it that'd be
crazy if you're already so motivated
that your hardest problem is relaxing
maybe that's my situation my situation
is um uh if I didn't smoke weed I get
way too aggressive and I work too hard
it's the only it's just really helps me
relax but it doesn't mean it would work
for you it's very
individual so if you work at home and
you've got a creative job like I do it
might boost your creativity it does for
me uh very very
distinctly very quickly very definitely
there's no doubt about it that it helps
me do my job but I have a very weird job
almost nobody is in my situation I don't
even know anybody I mean except other
cartoonists I suppose but for most other
jobs this uh weed would just be one more
thing to get you fired and it's a bad
idea they might drug test you they might
just not like it if they hear about it
and it's not going to make you a better
cop or a doctor or a lawyer just as some
examples don't do weed if you have to do
important things but if you're just
there sitting thinking about jokes or
writing music maybe might help you so
weed can be a lifesaver for some um
because of the all the medical benefits
or at least a dozen mental health
benefits and physical benefits that are
substantial and for some people we helps
some exercise more does anybody have
that
experience and again this is not a
recommendation everybody's different
talk to your doctor I don't recommend
wheed but it is true that many people
and I'm in this category can exercise
well into their senior years without
pain and without a problem with
motivation because of
weed so for me working out without it is
like really a
struggle but with it Best Time Ever Long
Walk go for a run yeah best lifting
weights oh my God it's good for that cuz
you can take more pain in your muscles
and it just doesn't register as painful
you know you're still aware of as you're
not going to hurt yourself but it's just
completely changes your workout ability
but for others it probably makes you not
go to the gym so again if you're super
motivated might help you work out if
you're unmotivated to begin with and you
can't get to the gym weed is not going
to help you it's
not all right and I know lots of people
who stopped drinking alcohol and a
substituted weed might be a plus again
it's individual might not be and others
who stopped taking mental health uh you
know uh meds and didn't eat it anymore
and substituted it with a little weed
before bed and felt good the whole next
day so for some people weed is a
gigantic Improvement in happiness for
others it will destroy them and then
weed is bad for miners in every case let
me say that twice weed is bad for miners
in every
case it's just a bad idea yeah just
don't do that for mins their brains are
not
developed but I would like to summarize
it this way there's something that weed
and guns have Inc common now analogies
are always imperfect so let me tell you
right away that when I make an analogy
between Weed and gun ownership I don't
mean that weed has bullets right so if
you're picking a part the details of the
analogy you're doing it wrong there's
only one part of the analogy that I want
you to
hear wheed is good for some people and
bad for
others guns are good for some people and
bad for others would I be better off
with a gun
hypothetically probably because I'm a
Target you know as a public figure you
you end up being a Target and I'm not
insane and I don't young kids in in the
house and uh I would never engage in gun
ownership without making sure all the
proper precautions and locks and
everything are done so for somebody like
me would a gun Be A Plus or a minus well
probably a
plus for somebody else is gun ownership
going to make them U more safe or more
in danger more in danger yeah if you're
a single woman living in the inner city
and you don't want a gun for yourself
feels too dangerous it's probably bad
that other people have them so you can't
say the guns are either good or bad
because they're good for some and bad
for others and it's always been just a
power struggle you know if you want your
guns you want your guns for whatever
reason and if you don't you don't and
you're never going to get those two
people to agree it's just a power
struggle weed's the same thing it will
be good for some and just absolutely
terrible for others but just know
that well assisted SU side might become
a contagion Dr Jordan Peterson warns us
quite correctly I believe that there's a
I hate to say slippery slope but um this
is what Jordan Peterson says mark my
words um it's based on an article that
says there's a young woman who's got
mental health problems she's completely
intelligent and she's 27 years old her
body is healthy but apparently she I
think she's in Canada no not Canada
she's in another country where it's
legal I forget where uh Canada or Europe
somewhere and she's going to um she's
already planned her death she has a
boyfriend who's going to join her you
know be with her when it happens she's
looking forward to it because life is
terrible and it'll be doctor
assistant
now regardless of what you think about
this individual case and I think it's
ambiguous I would like to
um I guess I'll just tell you a a
personal
story uh when I was much younger I had
every intention of ending things because
I I was in intense pain physical pain uh
every day for
some you don't need to know the details
but I was intense physical pain every
day the intense physical pain led me to
think
that if I if if I couldn't figure out
how to fix it in a certain time I gave
myself a deadline that I would uh just
check out because I didn't want to live
with continuous intense pain every day
so um I went to college and I thought
I'm going to try a semester of college
if this doesn't work out we're going to
take the hard way out and on my first
day of college a young woman said would
you like to smoke a
joint and I had never done such a thing
had no experience with it but she was
attractive it was my first day of
college and I said
absolutely didn't know what I was doing
didn't know what didn't know anything
about it tried it once it was the last
day I ever had
pain want to make sure you heard that I
was intense physical pain my entire life
digestive stomach issues the first time
I tried pot was the last time I had
pain so when I tell you that it benefits
some people I mean it really does but it
could also kill you if you weren't me if
you weren't that very specific situation
it could kill you so just be clear about
that no matter how many success stories
you
hear they're not even the majority I
don't think probably not the
majority so I have a I have a very
personal feeling about this young woman
who is saying to herself you know what
I've tried everything I mean you you if
you're not in her situation you can say
to yourself yeah but have you tried
everything it's her life her life it's
her
decision and if she can't find a way to
um Qui the demons in her head that make
every day a
torture I I approve of her right to take
another
Direction now do I think it's a good
idea I don't know all I know for sure is
that I'm not in her head and all I know
for sure is that you weren't in my head
but if you've never been in a situation
where you thought it was a good choice
you shouldn't have a vote on
this does that make sense if you've
never personally experienced something
so bad and so seemingly unsolvable I
mean 18 years of an unsolvable problem
looks pretty
unsolvable but if you've never
experienced it I don't think you can
judge this woman however independent of
the specific
case which is horrifying and you know to
us who are watching it it's horrifying
to me and I have some insight into it
from my personal experience it's still
horrifying to to hear this but I think
that uh here's what's
different um some years ago I was
influential in getting it ped as a law
in California so I was very much Pro
doctor assisted suicide under the you
know medical supervision you know at
least two doctors confirm it you know
some some stuff like that and what I did
not count on is the Tik Tock
effect the Tik Tock effect largely
guarantees
the Jordan Peterson is correct meaning
that if you'd never heard about this
case and it was just one young woman
with one specific thing whether she made
a choice you liked or didn't like you
wouldn't know about
it and if you did it would be because it
was in a newspaper and not something
that your 18-year-old is looking
at they wouldn't look at the news but
they're sure looking at Tik Tok so all
it's going to take is an influencer to
off themselves and you will lose
thousands of young
people one
influencer who makes a good argument for
why it makes sense in their case and
maybe you even watch the process and
they
die that would kill thousands of young
people thousands because they would be
persuaded that this is an option that
they hadn't thought about
before and the 18-year-olds have not
done what the 27-year-old did which
which is try
everything and also see if you can grow
out of it cuz everybody's a little
messed up when they're a teenager I mean
we all feel like it's terminal so if you
haven't awaited a little bit certainly
extra dangerous so I would say that
Jordan Peterson is completely correct
and I am rethinking whether it was a
gigantic mistake to persuade in favor of
making it a law in California cuz it's
definitely a lifesaver well a life
Lifesaver for people in Desperate end of
life situations but he's right Jordan
Peterson is 100% right this will be
romanticized because of Tik Tock and it
will turn into a contagion and it will
kill thousands it's guaranteed there's
no way around this there's nothing we're
doing that could stop this now will Tik
Tock be banned I say no because I think
there's too much money involved and our
Congress is susceptible to money
influences so that's really the end of
the
story kakoa The Great has a update on
Fulton County in the 2020 election now
Molly Hemingway says that she had
already talked about this in her
book uh rigged what's the name of Molly
Hemingway's book rigged is it
um but uh if you search for her you'll
find the book but uh I hadn't heard it
so this is related to Jeff Clark's
uh um trial uh regarding January 6 and
and all that stuff in the 2020 election
so Mark Windgate he's this uh this is
Cano the grace reporting uh a fton
County election board member and he was
testifying in this Jeff Clark case and
he said that he voted against certifying
the 2020 election in Fon County because
the county did not verify the signature
on 147,000 mail in
votes now my understanding is that that
claim is not
disputed that there were 147,000 millon
votes that they didn't do the signature
verification do you think that all the
people were saying this election was
fair because no court found it was not
do you think they know
this probably not um and then he said uh
I asked what do we do for signature
verification and the comment I got back
frankly floored me he said we didn't do
any we didn't do any it's not that he
didn't know about it they didn't do it
now when people say our elections are so
Rock Solid clean and there's nothing
wrong with does anybody know that they
didn't do the process they just didn't
do
it how about anything else any other
problems Additionally the County could
not provide any chain of custody
documentation or surveillance footage
for mail-in ballots or ballot
dropboxes
what quote I and the other board members
had requested that we obtain the chain
of custody documentations from the
department and none of that was ever
delivered now none of it was ever
delivered um but that doesn't mean it
didn't exist at some point now it's just
as bad if they didn't do the
surveillance and they didn't do a chain
of custody that's
terrible if they did them and they won't
make them
available H that might be worse if you
know what I
mean so and he says there was never any
surveillance tape and inch of footage
delivered to the board
H uh he says there were problems with
voter registration rules is still exist
in fton
County now when you hear hear that is
that enough votes that would have
changed the result 147,000 melon
votes if if something suspicious
happened only with just those those
votes nothing else would that be enough
to change the
election
yes yes so what this says in very clear
terms is we don't know who won
2020 is that
unfair because if if I heard that the
there was a chain of custody that looked
good there was surveillance there was no
problem there was signature verification
even if they didn't do a good job if I'd
heard that all those things were
verified to have happened I would say
you know
what probably a fair
election probably but if you hear that
these things were not done or this
information was not provided the only
reasonable explanation is that it was
rigged doesn't mean it's true but the
best working assumption is it was and
that we can't check if he can't check
it's rigged let me just say that if you
can't check you can't audit it's cuz
it's
rigged because everybody would have
everybody would have an incentive to
show you everything you wanted to see if
they were involved in running the
election the people run the election
would want you to see everything so you
could see it's fine and they did a good
job but if the people running the
election are like we don't have that I'm
not going to give it to you that only
means one thing either they don't know
who won or they don't want to tell you
that there was something that was a
problem and if the people running it
don't know who won CU they didn't have
the right controls I think we should
know that I feel like they should tell
us
that um all
right
um and then there's a New Mexico judge
federal judge issued a 300 page ruling
in favor of election Integrity activists
I heard this from somebody called George
on
X um it says
that the election Integrity office who
argued that the state violated federal
law by refusing to provide election
records so apparently the activist
legally requested records about the
election and the state did didn't give
them to them and should have and now the
judge has awarded them attorney fees
and
yep so what does it mean when there are
things which you are legally entitled to
which would tell you whether the
election was good or not and then the
state says oh we're not going to give
that to you you're legally entitled to
them it only means one thing it either
means the state doesn't know who won and
they don't want you to know that or they
know there's a problem
and they don't want you to know that
there's no other reason if they said we
lost them or something well maybe but if
they just don't give them to
you I'm pretty sure that's a bad
sign um and here's something even worse
to tie into all my other stories we
found out that uh the Facebook had been
selling to Netflix private information
including the private messages from
Facebook
users you didn't hear that
wrong you didn't hear that
wrong Facebook sold for over $100
million the private messages of Facebook
users to Netflix so that Netflix could
you know use it for their predictions
and recommendations I
guess and apparently I think the uh head
of Netflix was on the Facebook B boor so
was all kind of an incestuous thing now
do you remember the story about how AI
is more persuasive than people but
only when the AI knows something about
the
person what do you think AI could learn
from your oh I don't know private EMA
your private messages on Facebook do you
think it could learn about you in a way
that could help it persuade you
yes yes do you think think that uh bite
dance having personal information about
its users could help its AI Bots
persuade you yes yes that's why they
want personal information among other
reasons I guess but one of them is it
makes their their persuasion much more
effective they can Target
it and so you can I think you can
conclude from this story that no message
you ever send will ever be
private if I haven't told you that let
me tell you again no message you ever
send on any platform whether encrypted
whether signal whether telegram whether
WhatsApp none of it is
safe because if you a law enforcement or
a CIA what is the one place you would
definitely make sure you had full
control
of every place that people send
encrypted messages cuz that's where all
the good stuff is they don't need to
look at your Gmail cuz you're not
sending
crimes through Gmail you're going over
to signal and Telegram and WhatsApp cuz
you're all you're all encrypted uh good
good thing I'm encrypted no no it might
keep your neighbor from reading your
message but they couldn't see them
anyway no encrypted is not going to keep
it out of the government's
hands well here's the update on the
embarrassing Saga of Mark cubin and Dei
so the background in this is markk had
been very vocal on social media in an
interviews talking about the benefits of
Dei and everybody who knew what Dei was
and how it works thought what is going
on have you lost your mind are you
really stupid and you've been pretending
to be smart is it some kind of an OP did
somebody pay you to do it like nobody
could understand why someone who
operates at such a high level and
appears to be so smart in so many
domains would be completely lost on this
topic and now we have the answer he
didn't know what it
was so he went from thinking that Dei
was about uh equal opportunity which it
very much is not it's about equal
outcomes but now Having learned that it
was always about equal outcomes and not
opportunity he's saying that from a CEO
perspective that's wrong because there's
no such thing as a CEO who thinks that
equal outcomes is smart
and certainly nobody said it out loud if
they did so from a CEO perspective and
that would be his perspective there's
nobody who believes that equal outcomes
is a goal or that should be
pursued but uh he made the mistake of
saying that to Mark to Christopher rufo
who has all the receipts and gave him 10
examples from his own personal reporting
that shows the CEOs very much know what
Dei means and it means equal outcomes
and they're very explicit about
it
so um here's the problem apparently Mark
cubin thought that if the CI if the
CEO is thinking in terms of equal
opportunity that that's how the company
will operate that is a gigantic blind
spot let me tell you what everybody
who's ever been an employee and also
white knows happens in the room
world let's say I'm your CEO and I say
diversity is important but the way we
want to get there is through equal
opportunity because it would be dumb to
have equal outcomes can't guarantee that
so but at least I want you to work
really hard to increase your equal
opportunities so that that when now you
as a manager a hiring manager you've
heard these instructions there's no quot
right you didn't hear a quota and you
also heard very clearly no it's not
about outcomes I'm going to make sure
everybody has equal
opportunity so at the end of the year
your CEO looks at your performance and
says um you have exactly the same mix of
people you did a year ago I told you
diversity was
important and then you say yeah but
there was no there was no goal for it
and the CEO CEO says well are you
 idiot we have 133% black people
in the country and you have no black
employees I have to give you a quot you
don't understand what diversity even
 means you're
fired they don't need to give you a
quota everybody knows what the quot is
everybody knows you want about a half of
them to be women you want 133% to be
black you want you know everybody knows
everybody knows the quota there's always
a quota cuz we all know it automatically
now what what happens if you say to your
boss boss I have created opportunities
all over the place we did Outreach at
the historical black colleges we we did
mailings um to you know in marketing to
Target uh Black and Hispanic communities
and
lgbtq and but we just didn't get the
same same number of people walking
through the door who wanted a job so
opportunity was great but didn't
translate into
action so the CEO what does the CEO say
then oh well it looks like you tried
really hard so I'll give you a big
bonus no no the the CEO is just going to
look at your mix of employees and say
you didn't do a damn thing that made a
difference no
bonus so how does how does Mark cuin not
know how anything in the real world
works at the employee level
never been one I just don't think he's
had the experience because from a
conceptual level it actually makes
perfect perfect sense what Mark is
saying he's saying that if the CEO is
telling you to work on
opportunity that's very clear it's not
outcomes it's
opportunity but in the real world
everybody's going to hear quota and
they're going to hear outcome and
they're going to manage to it because
that's how they get paid incentives are
everything incentives are
everything so if you let uh Mark cubin
argue that CEOs might think of it
differently than the staff he's you're
allowing him to change the argument into
the Absurd because it doesn't matter
what the CEO thinks or what they say it
only matters what the managers who are
doing the hiring here and how it will
affect their own careers and that's all
that matters so that's why Dei always
turns into a a
nightmare um Christopher rufo is doing
an amazing amazing
job on setting the world straight on
this stuff
amazing well let's see
uh um Charlie Kirk is reporting that uh
a decade ago McKenzie big consulting
company one of the biggest um they did
some studies that showed that uh
increasing your diversity helped your
company so you'd make more money if you
had a diverse
company and now it turns out those
studies were all
bogus
surprise the studies were all
bogus and an updated analysis by two
economics professors finds that the
studies were totally bogus there was no
link between diversity in sales growth
or higher stock price because the I is a
scam yeah um all right and axios is
reporting that companies are cutting
back on Dei and they don't mention it
during you know uh stockholder reports
and stuff so they're really cutting back
on their emphasis on
it um and let's see why is that let's
see it's
axios very Democrat publication and
they're saying Dei is being cut back
well what what do you think will be the
reason they're going to give for that
Democrat
republication Dei is being cut back huh
all let's find out um it says companies
have backed away from Dei over the past
few years in the wake of attacks oh
there's attacks from lawmakers oh
attacking lawmakers oh God W ah do you
hate anything more than attacking
lawmakers I don't know those attacking
lawmakers ERS I hate them but what else
oh it gets worse also attacks by
high-profile Rich guys oh God I hate
them oh those high-profile Rich
guys and conservative activists like
former Trump a Steven
Miller you know if you were a
conservative activist you're probably
just like Steven Miller am I right all
of you all of you everyone of you you're
all little Steven Millers why because
they think they can make a case that
Steven Miller is the devil so if if you
happen to be on his team you're on the
devil's team just be sure of
that so what would be let's say you were
not a Democrat
publication and you want to frame this
in a different way what a way that
wasn't bad crazy how would
you do it
well maybe you'd say Dei has become a
distraction and indeed the way it was
implemented is completely racist and
illegal so rather than fight the Battle
of continuing to do things that are
overtly racist and illegal and have
provided no benefits to us whatsoever
we've decided to do less of the thing
that is only bad for us but not a lot
less yeah we want to keep a little bit
of it at least
that's how I would have framed
it I don't think I would have said it
was attacks from lawmakers and
high-profile Rich guys in conservative
activists just like Steven
Miller no I would not say that Trump
posted
bail um for the 175 million um I had
some inside information about that
because I knew somebody who was in that
uh bail B not bail did I say bail I
meant Bond
I wrote it I wrote it on my notes as
bail I think I think I was thinking it
got to two4 no the bond not the bail
idiot the bond so he posted the bond I
knew the bond would be posted cuz I
happen to know somebody who works in
that business who was bidding on it so
in other words I knew somebody who
offered to do the bond but other people
had offered to do the bond and it went
in a different direction
so given that uh somebody had offered um
I knew it would I knew it would happen
so it did
happen um here's Trump winning again on
a different topic uh so the gag order
has been extended in the one of the many
lawfare cases so this is the case where
the judge has a daughter who's a
Democrat activist
anti-trumper and the Trump and his team
would like to have the judge recuse
himself cuz how can a judge be biased if
his daughter is literally an activist
against the guy that he's trying to
decide on so what did the judge do the
judge extended the gag order to make it
uh less practical for Trump to talk
about an obvious appearance of bias in
the justice
system and what the judge said was this
pattern of attacking family members of
pre of presiding jurus and attorneys
assigned to these cases serves no
legitimate
purpose
really really that's not a legitimate
 purpose to say that your
daughter is an advocate against me
personally that's not a legitimate
 purpose in a legal case no
that's as legitimate as you can get you
cannot get more legitimate than that you
piece of judge you just
made him uh go up another two points in
the polls judge is Trump is
brilliant Trump um getting that gag
order extended is just Trump
winning because it made it a story if
Trump had not resisted and made this a
story do you think that the idiots uh
who were opposing him would have ever
heard that the judge's daughter is
clearly going to influence the father
now you could say oh but Scott he's a
professional judge and he's going to
just rule on the facts no we don't live
in that world where that's even slightly
smart to say we live in a world where
you can tell what the judge will rule
before the evidence is presented let me
do it uh the Supreme Court the next
issue if has any kind of
conservative uh thing to it they're
going to vote for it cuz they're mostly
conservatives now watch watch The Magic
The Magic of me predicting the future of
the courts just by knowing their
leanings now do you think a a DC or a
New York judge or trial is going to give
Trump a fair uh hearing of course not of
course not do you think Trump has a
right Free Speech as well as the justice
system to call out what is an obvious
bias obvious obvious obvious bias yes he
does what do the public think when they
see this happening to Trump that he
can't say an obvious thing in a free
country an obvious thing your daughter
is an activist against me how is that
not affect the father how could it
possibly not affect
them so good job Trump wins again every
time they push against him he's
going to get stronger because do you
know who who looks at a story like this
and says um I'm not comfortable with
this
everybody everybody yeah uh are you
worried that uh young black men will
leave the Democrat Party well I don't
know how many of them are reading the
news because young people don't read a
lot of news but if they read this news
they're definitely going to say wait a
minute wait a minute hold on are you
saying that the judge who's ruling on
Trump the judge's daughter
promotes anti-trump stuff or you know
anti-republican stuff which is the same
stuff there's nobody in the world who
thinks that's appropriate you don't have
to be a lawyer you don't have to be a
judge to know that Trump is being
railroaded and that this judge needs to
be replaced with somebody who doesn't
have this appearance of of bias and by
the way it's a joke to call it the
appearance of bias this is bias nobody
can nobody can be unbiased against their
daughter who's unbiased against their
daughter anyway if he is that's a bigger
problem uh Ukraine is going full drone
Army it looks like so you know they're
not getting all the good weapons but
they're creating this 10,000 drone
operator Army theyve Ukraine has its own
Factory for making drones now and
they're attacking over 700 miles into
into uh Russian territory so they took
out some Refinery or they attacked
Refinery it didn't didn't take it out so
it's going to be an all drone War I
think 10,000 new drone Pilots just last
year if you had 10,000 drones in the
air you're in pretty good pretty good
situation and they also are developing
deadly sea drones to attack Navy
ships so it looks like it's uh going to
be a big old standoff
forever
why are we giving them money I don't
know so at the same time that speaker
Johnson wants to give Ukraine a bunch of
money for no good reason that I could
see um CNN reports that the United
States is set to approve 18 billion in
military sales to Israel let's do some
background check Israel's GDP debt to
GDP is about
61% in
2022 so Israel's debt to GDP is 61%
America is about
120% so we have twice the debt
obligation of Israel and we're giving
them
money we're giving money to people have
more money than
us literally now not actually I should
say as a as a percentage of uh per
capita not as a total number we have a
bigger economy of course but don't you
think that the beginning of when we
should consider giving money to anybody
is when their debt to GDP is at least
ours right because if our
debt is
sustainable without destroying the
country then the minimum we should ask
of any country we're helping is that
they at least get up to our level of
debt so if we give them money you know
at least it makes sense logically but it
doesn't make sense to be poorer than the
country you're giving money to on a per
capita basis that's does that make sense
to me it looks like a transfer of wealth
to some weapons
makers now I know what you going to say
but Scott that money is just used to buy
American weapons
mostly so it comes right back to us no
it doesn't come back to me it comes back
to the weapons makers the friends of
Congress I don't see this as anything
but a way to Congress to give money to
their friends and maybe they get some of
it back
so what is the per capita income in the
United States versus Israel I don't know
if these numbers are accurate CU I saw
them from two different sources but in
2023 the uh us per capita income was
58,000 in
um no I'm sorry that's in Israel and the
us it's about 50,000 so Israel has a
higher per capita income than the United
States and in a better debt situation by
far and we're giving them
money do you think that Israel will lose
the war without the extra
money do do you think that there there's
some risk looks like it's going to be a
close one if we don't fund them there's
no way they're going to be
Hamas it looks like they kind of have
control
there anyway so uh I'll will remind you
that my opinion of the Gaza Israel
situation is that my opinion has no
value and so I'm not even going to
bother with it Israel is going to do
what Israel is going to do and my
opinion and your opinion are not going
to make any
difference and in that area Whoever has
the most power is going to totally
dominate whoever doesn't and if the
Palestinians had all the power they
would do the same thing you know they
would do the same thing so that doesn't
mean you can approve of it I think you
can disapprove of it no matter who's
doing it but complaining about it
doesn't get you anything cuz it's just
going to happen 200 years from now will
it look like a genius move by Israel
maybe it might it might it might look
like it was brilliant and impr
presentent um at the moment it just
looks like a lot of people dying and
it's hard to hard to get behind that but
in the long run will it work out it
might it might and that ladies and
gentlemen brings us to the conclusion of
my prepared
remarks uh normally at this time I would
go do a private separate stream for the
locals people which I'll try to do but
when I tried to do it just before I came
on here I had a technical problem so if
it doesn't come up right away wait five
minutes because I'll work on it for five
minutes if it doesn't work in five
minutes then it's something deeper that
I can't do anything about so if if it's
not just restarting and trying again
there's not much I could do about it
today that would be a system problem
well it looks like we've got the biggest
audience we've ever had on the xplatform
cuz people from the other platforms are
coming over to watch it's the one that's
working at the
moment you guys having fun in the
comments or is it glitchy on the
xplatform anybody getting any glitches
let's do a quality
check qu