from pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom hey mary-rose come on in
here everybody get in here
Andrew it's about time we are about to
experience the simultaneous swaddle this
is the time of night when you find a
nice soft blanket you wrap yourself in
it feel the warm embrace Phil you're
oxytocin start to spike because
sometimes a baby monkey with a warm
water bottle will think it's it's mom
and it'll be happy and well-adjusted as
long as it has its water bottle well we
don't have water bottles but we have
warm blankets yeah this is exactly the
kind of world that needs a warm blanket
you know what I mean now I'm gonna take
some calls a little bit but I thought
I'd catch you up with what's happened in
the latest a few hours so here's some
good news
Abbott Labs just got approval for a
quick test that you can do in five
minutes as little as five minutes and
and you can get negative results in 13
minutes this was a portable testing
platform in other words a device that
weighs six and a half pounds is about
the size of a toaster now those have you
been watching me for a while what did I
tell you at the very beginning of the
pandemic I told you that back in when
9/11 happened the government had asked
the government labs with building some
technology to rapidly test blood for
this situation you know they were
thinking terrorist attacks but it was
it's the same it's the same requirement
you need to test in the field as opposed
to sending samples back to some lab so
the the 911 task which the government
laboratories were given was to make it
fast and portable so add the labs as one
that's fast and portable which you'd not
heard of before right now I told you
that
I had just by weird coincidence I had
visibility into that world because I
watched a lot of startups pitch hey we
got this license from the government lab
because once a government lab invents
something that's useful for the public
unless it's military the university is
an unsure Brewers can dis license it so
it's actually a real easy process to
take some technology developed by the
government non military and just license
it and build it into your into your
devices so I see the number of devices
that done that and that was like three
years ago
so I speculated that although it was not
any kind of amateur or a business they
can build them so if I had to guess what
happened
I think the startups probably had
trouble penetrating a very established
business that you know made a lot of
money for a lot of people probably was
connected and all the political ways and
it would sort of like uber coming in and
dismantling the taxi business
yeah the taxi business is pretty strong
so they're gonna put up a fight right as
they did so I'm guessing that the
established you know laboratories and
the way things were always done in the
healthcare world probably was hard to
change until you had an emergency and
then all the all the friction went away
so this is going to be actually one of
the you know we've talked about how it's
bad to have a war of any kind will be a
human orbit virus you fighting but you
can pretty much guarantee that unless
the entire war is over in a week and
that doesn't seem to be the case the
humanity ends up solving a whole bunch
of problems that weren't quite solvable
in normal times you know you can you can
just get stuff done in an emergency so
it might be that the entire business of
blood testing just one from this
ponderous impractical thing to something
you can have in 15 minutes and you know
what's wrong with you think think about
just this one small thing
just this the this 13-minute blood test
presumably it wouldn't be hard to you
know make it a blood test for other
things not just coronavirus I'm just
assuming that's the case what does it do
to healthcare costs if your doctor says
well I yeah I need a blood test and you
walk over to your your medicine cabinet
and you take out and I don't know $25 a
kit and you just test your own blood
with who knows how pinprick or whatever
so I'm just speculating but there could
be some immense immense systemic
improvements that just come out of this
yeah we talked about what's one of the
kids gonna do when they you know when
they've tasted working from home do they
like it they hate it kids probably
actually want to go back to school but I
think for a lot of people online
education will be more of a thing all
right so that's good news how fast can
they scale it up probably not fast
enough but it does mean that there's a
timer on the virus the fact that we can
build a test the abbot's you know a big
respected company obviously if abbas
says we can make these things well they
can make those things i don't know how
hard it will be to make them in volume
but it does tell you that if we're still
having this problem in three months it's
pretty much salt i can't imagine it
would take more than three months under
an emergency situation to get enough to
really know what the situation is let's
see what else we got going here still
seeing lots of people say that the
current impact on hospitals tells you
something it doesn't the current impact
on hospitals would tell you something if
they were all full
so you'd say okay you got me the the
hospitals were all overloaded we're all
in trouble so if that were the case that
would definitely tell you something you
know supposing it was overflowed more
than any other past flume and overflown
things and I think I mentioned this
morning that in 2018 there was also a
hospital capacity problem in some places
just from normal flu but hypothetically
if we had already blown past that number
into new territory you could kind of say
okay it looks like it was a big problem
but it doesn't work the other way if
we're not experiencing any capacity
problem in 99% of the hospitals which i
think is the case actually they're sort
of just getting ready in case something
is needed and you've got a few hospitals
are impacted but even they are running
on a ventilator z' doesn't doesn't look
like it's really even that close at the
moment what does that tell you about
what the next two or three weeks or the
next month looks like the answer is
nothing nothing if it were already
disaster you can conclude you got a big
problem that's a disaster but if it's in
the beginning of one and it's a
predicted disaster and experts have
their reasons I can't I can't judge the
reasons but they seem pretty uniformly
worried what could you tell today about
hospital capacity nothing now one of the
things you can tell is that the the news
and social media to some extent are
lying to you so there are a few things
that you can tell for sure so you know
every time you see these anecdotal
reports with no hospital name and no
name of the doctor I just am not buying
them anymore
I'm done with every anecdotal report
with no source no hospital and no no
doctor named and then I did see one that
looked like there was a doctor named or
maybe a nurse I think was a nurse she
did a video saying how bad things were
but here's the thing as the as a creator
of Dilbert
there are some things that I can tell
you with great authority you know I'm an
expert in this little realm of employees
complaining and the truth is that you
could have found a nurse to give a very
similar rant for any Hospital anywhere
at any time you could find a nurse who
will go on video and tell you
everything's falling apart management's
bad in there Anna supplies and it's a
dangerous work environment so the fact
that a nurse went on and said in my
workplace it's a nightmare
you know everything's wrong we're out of
supplies and everything it could mean
that it you know it totally could mean
that but it also could be nothing so
just be aware of that all right I will
take some questions as I promised I just
want to talk about a couple things that
are hanging out there so you know Thomas
Massie I guess he had his he had his
moment but I don't think it held
anything up too much
maybe fact check me on that you know if
if all Thomas Massie did was make a
point but it didn't have really any
substantial difference in the timing of
when the money got out then I would say
alright you know maybe even a good play
because you know I always compliment
people for getting attention if they're
politicians because getting attention is
as I say half of persuasion so if all he
did was raise his profile and make a
point and you know now you know him as
the guy who doesn't want you know
unreasonable expenses for boondoggle and
not boondoggles but for pork or whatever
that's okay but if he held it up half a
day I don't know if he did but if he did
I'd have a problem with that that would
be way too much to make that point but I
don't have an opinion on it I don't know
if they hold it up
Paul Graham tweeted out a couple of
studies that showed then apparently we
know this in other words this experience
at other countries and maybe in ours
already I'm not sure but one study said
that 80% of the deaths from Corona by
virus were very overweight and the
speculative reason for that is that any
weight in your chest area especially you
know if your breathing is degraded you
might have a little extra pressure just
because the construction of your chest
and the extra extra fat cells I guess
now I don't know that anybody knows that
to be true but even more generally you
know if you've got a weight problem you
may be you know less healthy than you
could be if you were you know thinner
and fit but here so here's the question
that I asked and somebody needs to do
the math for me let's see if somebody
did so I asked this if it's true and
this is just hypothetical if it's true
that 80% of the people dying from the
corona virus are overweight and
apparently that includes the young
people so some of the young people were
dying were not coincidentally maybe also
overweight so that might be the the big
variable that people are just not
talking about so I asked this question
if it's true that 80% of the people who
die are overweight does that put the
risk for a fit person closer to seasonal
flu now that doesn't mean you change
your policy I'm not saying that if I
knew the answer to that or not I would I
would say oh let's do things differently
not necessarily but it's a fair question
isn't it and somebody needs to help me
with the math because I think it's
straightforward but I also think like
I'm missing something dumb and I just I
don't want to do math in public but look
straight forward if 80% of them are one
kind of person and you're not that
so you know you're in the 20% there is
am I doing this right a four to one
chance you know that that you're not
going to get it or you're not gonna die
from it you might get it and if our
current estimates are hovering in that
one one-and-a-half percent rate which
you know let's say comes down to one
that would still be ten times what what
the regular flu would be because the
regular flu is 0.1 I can't believe we
all know that these stats which is
amazing so regular would be 0.1 if this
gets down to let's say we test more and
it comes down to one still ten times
worse all right ten times worse but it's
not ten times worse if you're now
overweight you know and and that you
know four to one doesn't doesn't take
care of the ten to one but you start
getting down into that neighborhood
right so at some point that does affect
policy so that's a question we don't
know if that's true yet I wouldn't be
surprised
CNN is oh my god they're being just
horrible in their coverage I watched I
watched one of their pundits you know
they have two people who do nothing but
write a nasty article about Trump for
their website basically every day and
then also also talk about it on the air
and one of them I can't remember which
there are there two of them that just do
it every day and they seem to take take
turns and one of them said you know
Trump said this the other day and then
he said this and I thought oh I guess I
better listen to this so they they
played the first thing he said and I go
okay hold that in my mind and now he's
gonna play why he said later that
totally contradicts that and then they
play it and I say that didn't contradict
it I mean you would have to you would
have to like think it was something else
to contradict it now are you watching
this no it wasn't Daniel Dale he was on
the show today
but it's whoever does their writing I'll
actually Dale I think maybe has
for CNN but he's nothing when I was
thinking about or at least CNN runs his
stuff I don't know if he writes for them
or the New York Times but anyway here's
the point it is so it's just
mind-boggling because you watch it and
they say watch what he says now now
watch what he says and see how it's
different and I listen to them and I go
nope no I don't see how those are
different in the terms of conflicting
there are different sentences maybe one
adds something that another one doesn't
but they're not even conflicting and
then they just act like they are and
then just keep talking about it and I
and I think well you you seems you've
skipped the step where you find out that
they're actually different statements
it's weird
here's they're just the typical of
what's happening Maggie Haberman who you
know allegedly is an employee at the New
York Times but I don't know what she
actually is a political operative
Russian agent I'm not saying she's any
of those things I'm just saying she's
definitely not just a writer I don't
know what else she is but I can't I feel
like he can say with some confidence
without any confirmation in this that
she's more than a writer another there's
somebody you know somebody behind the
curtain if you know what I mean but her
criticisms of the president tend to be
the most humorous because there's just
they're basically not even trying to
hide what she's doing so here's the
quote she gives today and she tweets
about it quote from the president I want
them to be appreciative
the president says if governors who are
criticizing the federal response and
then of course some Greg price tweets
that add some context here's why don't
use the full quote you hack here's the
full quote I want them to be
appreciative we've done a great job and
I'm not talking about me I'm talking
about Mike Pence the task force I'm
talking about FEMA the Army Corps of
Engineers
completely different context he's asking
people who admit he's done a good job to
be appreciative of the people doing the
work and Maggie Haberman writes it like
he was talking about what he wants
credit for it I'm just completely
different meaning but of course how many
people are gonna read her tweet and then
also see Gregg prices tweet where he he
corrects her not many so it's a good
strategy
Mike sort of it's continuing to show why
he's the most valuable player in this
certainly on the in the social media you
know outside of the task force and say
most valuable player in the public comes
up with this bit of information as a
number of sources did you know this and
boy are you gonna be mad if you didn't
know it because I was here's the fact
northern Italy this is from Mike
Tsarevich North northern Italy for over
a decade has had unusually high death
rates from flu what whoa what
send the kids away send the kids away
turn down your sound yeah I'm giving you
fair warning there will be cursing I
don't like to overuse the cursing but
every now and then there's an
opportunity where there's just only one
word that fits so you've been warned
turn down your sound let me do this
again with the proper reaction northern
Italy for over a decade has had
unusually high death rates from flu what
the are you kidding me
seriously I found this out today today
and I had to get it from Mike CERN if
it's on the internet and not the New
York Times not the Washington
Post are you kidding me now I
assume it's true because he points to
several studies and I don't see anybody
you disagreeing you know maybe if I
check later you'll see there's always
somebody who disagrees with everything
but for 10 years from 2004 to 2014 they
looked at the influenza and Italy and it
was way high compared to other people
don't you think that would have mattered
don't you think that mattered right to
to how much you know fear and panic and
hoarding and everything else that
happened so I tell you if certain
doesn't get some kind of like what's the
Medal of Freedom or something yeah what
is the highest honor you can give a
civilian I'll say it right now based
based on what he's done during the
crisis to keep us informed and etc I'd
say is the Medal of Freedom what is it
whatever that top honor is I don't see
it happening
but that's my opinion Elon Musk was
saying it would be great to combine
blood donations because a lot of people
are being asked for blood donations with
a covent antibody test so somebody is
just going into to give blood
while they're there and we got their
blood why not check it for anybody's
because first of all that might tell you
a little bit more about you know the the
amount of infection we haven't found yet
but also they could become the sources
for the the serum antibody stuff that
apparently the government's starting to
get pretty serious about I saw that Eric
Weinstein was making the same
observation I was making on Twitter that
the World Health Organization I told you
about this there they're saying that
masks are no good for you know there's
no point in having a mask unless you
have symptoms and the problem is
literally every person who has a lick of
common sense in the brain but no medical
training but anybody who actually has a
functioning brain sits here and here's
sees the experts of the World Health
Organization and every one of us hears
that that the masks probably won't were
you in all cases and we all just say
well that's not right it was sort of
obviously not right if the whole point
is stuff that's coming out of your mouth
is infecting people and you don't know
who has and who doesn't and therefore an
uninfected looking person could be just
as dangerous if that more than one who
obviously has symptoms doesn't it kind
of follow that the thing that stops
things from projecting out of your mouth
would make a little bit of difference so
watching these large scientific
healthcare respected organizations lie
to us in a way that is so obvious I feel
like they don't even respect us doesn't
it feel like that
doesn't it feel like the world
that health organization just said and
they're never gonna figure this out well
it will just tell them that that a heavy
piece of cloth over your mouth doesn't
make any difference to what's coming out
of your mouth will tell them that oh my
god they must think we're so stupid all
right I knew that I knew this was gonna
happen
so Joe but somebody took a Joe Biden
film and you know and they they changed
it so it looks like he's putting on a
make America great again hat and the
funny thing is it really is good it's
not quite deep fake quality but it's
good speaking of Dee fake now there's a
company that can make real moving deep
fakes that look like they're talking and
blinking and all that from one
photograph and they showed it there just
is mind-blowing they can take a
photograph of even a painting and turn
it into something that looks like a real
person talking based on the photograph
just one you don't even need a
photograph of this side in the back it
just figures it out it just figures out
the rest and unless you turn to the side
even if there's never been a picture
like that pretty amazing so you know
when I would I joke but not really that
Joe Biden already could be a deep fake
that's actually real no I don't think
he's actually a deep fake it's just fun
to say that maybe I can convince
somebody that I mean it because it would
be funny but he could be where we've
reached that that point in civilization
where I don't think I don't think he's a
deep fake but you have to admit he could
be I would look just as good so this is
funny I was a I tweeted the other day
about the toilet paper supply chain and
I was I was estimating that probably
from the first major shortage point
where shelves became empty
probably we'd have to wait about a month
to get it back if I got I had tweeted
out with some puns today from
georgia-pacific who apparently is a big
American producer of toilet paper and
they made some funny bathroom humor or
puns but they were just you know
tweeting back at me to tell me that
they're on it and they're working 24
hours a day and it's quote what they say
at this point we're on a roll it's a
toilet paper company and they're on a
roll with TP production and our
operations haven't experienced material
shortages that was a specific question I
asked on Twitter didn't you want to know
admit it didn't you want to know is
there more toilet paper coming or are we
getting it all processed in another
country and maybe we can't get it I mean
seriously didn't didn't you wonder well
now we have the answer so this is the
actual toilet paper company American
company and no material shortages
doesn't that make you feel better yeah
this is just one of the things that
Twitter can do for you like the
government didn't tell me this right
yeah where where was my task force
saying oh and by the way I know this
isn't the biggest medical problem but I
know you're concerned you know there are
lots of domestic toilet paper makers or
they're running overnight they don't
have any material shortages those
shelves will be restocked and you know
we don't know exactly but we think a
couple weeks wouldn't you have liked to
hear that from your government but you
didn't you know I I had to tell you
because I tweeted it and then they made
bad puns back at me but they answered
the question so Ian he'll Gert Jesus who
has been doing some data visualization
for the coronavirus stuff and also has
been promoting something that he knows a
lot about which is the use of
convalescent plasma to treat critically
ill people and it looks like the the
task force and the government have now
committed
- - pushing for that now the question
asked is did Ian's work because I know
it was you know I personally transmitted
it up the line so I know it got to the
right years did it make a difference
we'll never know we'll never know
because there's a there's a good
likelihood that you know people have the
same ideas in different places but I do
think in terms of the public managing
its government
oh so convalescent Plaza plasma what
that is somebody who's recovered they
take their blood they process it and
just take the good stuff now which
includes the the antibodies that they
got for fighting the virus then you can
put them in people and then those people
will have some antibodies to fight the
virus so the government's actually
pursuing that and I was just going to
say that you never know if it made a
difference you know that Ian gave this
great visualization showing how many
bodies you'd need in each state I think
he's updating it so you can see the
practicality of it because there's one
thing to say hey you know we could take
blood from these people and put it in
these people but you kind of need to
know how much blood there is and where
it is so so Ian did that calculation of
course you know everything in this world
is a little bit approximate but he put
on on a state basis how many people you
need recovered to handle all the people
who would need it I think we're already
infected and and known so you got that
suited to all right we saw some revision
of the British model and people said hey
that British guy the Imperial model I
guess it was called hey that British guy
said millions of people were gonna die
and now he's revised his estimates and I
guess so I guess he was all wrong before
right
no no because before he said we could
lose millions of people if we don't you
know act aggressively to mitigate it and
then he observed country is acting
aggressively to mitigate and then he
went back to his model said okay I'll
put the mitigation in there because now
that's not guessing you know we can
actually see they're doing it and that
of course you know way lower the numbers
so people are criticizing this guy for
being wrong when at least if you listen
to the way he described it he was not
proved wrong yet you know I mean I
suppose he could be but at this point
all he said is it would be this bad if
we don't do anything but we did do
something so we lowered his numbers is
that is that a mistake I mean if that's
the mistake who knows now let me make a
general comment about the way we've been
treating each other human beings that is
on one hand I'm seeing a tremendous
bipartisan working together like at the
at the working level you know when
somebody needs to get a hold of somebody
you need something done I feel as I
would knock out of Congress Congress is
a is a train wreck but with just humans
that people really use just sort of
dropped the politics to get stuff done
because it's emergency it's been very
it's been very uplifting for you know
those of us who are in the battle which
is everybody basically it makes you feel
good but here's the thing there's one
thing that we're seeing more and more of
that I I can't abide
and it's we're in the middle of a battle
bu Democrat bu independent or Republican
or not alight no matter who you are
aren't you on the same team against the
virus right now right you are right at
the moment we're all fighting a common
enemy so all we humans should be on the
same side but I'm watching pundit after
pundit decide that this would be the
time the middle of the battle we're in
the middle of the battle and pundits
have decided that their contribution to
the battle is to start bay and adding
people who are on their team and I'm
watching article after article where
somebody's saying well what about person
X who wrote this article and they didn't
seem according to today's perspective
and all we know today don't they look
dumb in the past
that's bayoneting your own team let me
say it again we're not at the end of the
battle at the end of the battle
everybody gets to do an autopsy and an
audit and who did what right what can
you learn and that's all good in the
middle of the battle you don't bayonet
your own wounded soldiers and that's
what I'm watching happening I'm watching
people who completely good faith had an
opinion in the past that by the way a
lot of other people held some people had
other opinions somebody was going to be
right but here's the thing if you think
that we can look at it from today's
perspective and first of all know even
who was right and who was wrong because
you can't we only know what we do we
don't know how it worked out for the
other plan that we didn't do so the
first thing I'm going to say is if you
already think that you can look in the
past and know who was right and wrong
you're idiot sorry you're you're
an idiot
you're unproductive you're borderline
traitorous because you're your BAE and
heading your own team in the middle of
the battle you could wait and worse you
don't know what the you're talking
about because if you think you can tell
who made a right decision about this and
the fog of battle when advisors were
advising different things and countries
were lying to us and we had no
information that was actionable we had
suspicions we had fears we had experts
but we had other experts we had people
saying the economy and it's important to
do you think is fair to say given all
that fog that there was that based on
today we're a little bit smarter but we
still don't know what was the right
decision you know the exact right day to
do anything it's just completely
illegitimate now normally I would just
say well that's politics
it's just politics you know the this
side criticizes the side of this guy's
but this isn't politics again we're in
the middle of a battle you should reject
and give no oxygen to everybody who's
looking backwards in the middle of a
battle later it's fine so you know I've
been struggling with this myself because
as you know as I've remind you often I
believe I was the first person who said
the words close the airport you know
close the flights from China that was
January 24th or something and and so I'm
trying to resist the temptation to Pat
myself on the back say well yeah look at
all you people I I was there early but
it's just not you it's just not
legitimate because here's the thing
there were people saying it was a big
deal and people saying it wasn't nobody
knew right somebody was going to be
right because it was a binary thing
who's either terrible or it wasn't and
there were people on both sides
the fact that some of those people
turned out to be right based on our
current understanding of things which
could still change but that tells you
nothing nothing somebody was gonna be
right no matter what what were all the
smart people on the same side no we're
all the well-informed people on the same
side from the start no we're all the
experts on the same side I don't think
so I mean except that you know I think
everybody's alarm started smallish and
grew so in that sense the experts were
aligned because they got more more
alarmed no matter where they started as
they went but here's the thing if you
wanted to criticize me all you'd have to
do is say you know could've been sooner
would that be true yeah yeah could have
been sooner so if anybody says to me
yeah yeah stop bragging Scott youyou
said the words before anybody said those
words except maybe Jack the Sabich who
was talking about closing closing
borders before I did but I can't take
credit for that because it is
objectively true I could have said it
sooner
and it's also objectively true that
everything we do right and everything we
have done right should have been done
sooner so if that's the quality of
criticism you're getting these are
idiots these are people who don't
understand how the real world works
there are people who have probably never
made any kind of executive decision in
which there are lots of unknowns let me
tell you what is right and wrong and the
only the only thing you can know the
only thing you can be sure of is that we
had to act
that's the only thing you should be sure
of we had to act because not acting
would be certainly the mistake but
acting in any way there was a good gas
and then subject to you know
modification because remember we can
always at any moment if keeping
everything closed is the wrong decision
so when you're in a situation in which
there is no good reliable information
they're experts on both size and even
the experts can't talk because the
economists know the economy but they
don't know medicine or viruses the
doctors and experts know viruses but
they don't know the economy so if those
two people have different opinions what
does your leaders supposed to do well
thank goodness we might have the world's
best person to be in this position a
person who operates successfully and
over decades on some kind of instinct
which I believe is pattern recognition
so here let me give you my theory on
what instinct and gut gut you know gut
instincts are I don't believe in magic
and I don't believe there's something
called instinct or you know gut you know
what did we call it you know somehow you
just magically know without facts I
don't think that's the thing here's what
I think is thing pattern recognition and
I don't know that we always know what
patterns were seeing so if you take
somebody like a Trump who has probably
been involved in untold decisions in
which he had to make the decision and he
just couldn't tell he just couldn't tell
who was lying to you people were
disagreeing it was all unknowns how many
times has Donald frickin Trump been in
that exact situation not even counting
being president you know think of all
the things all the practice he's had at
this at being president where you don't
have enough you know all the Afghanistan
stuff and basically everything you know
North Korea it's all sort of instinct
which I don't think is instinct I think
it's people have been around enough that
there's just some pattern recognition
that even maybe they can't put words to
but you know how you know you can smell
things before you see them I don't think
that's magic or ESP I think you're
seeing a pattern but you can't put words
to it yet anyway if you had to pick one
person in the United States that you
would trust most to not let's say to
properly put the experts opinions where
they belong in the decision-making and
to make a decision that is not based on
fear of anything and really I think it's
entirely fair to say that and I say this
about any president by time somebody
becomes president no matter how selfish
they were before they got the job I
think the office just changes you
immediately now part of it is we're
watching so carefully but there's no
scenario in which the president does a
bad job for the country and somehow it's
good for the president I mean that's not
a thing the president has to serve the
people to serve himself our system is
designed that way so I I want a
president who's not afraid of anything
and I you know have you ever met a
president well you haven't met him but
trust me have you ever met a president
who was more comfortable in scary
situations to the point where other
people are scared that he should be more
scared it's because because the thing I
would worry most about is that he would
make a decision about which way to go
with you know going back to work or
whatever that the decision would be
based on politics or that it would be
based on any kind of a fear he had for
himself or for the country that would be
the worst influence to put on a decision
now don't you trust the in this
situation he's a strong personality he's
not going to be judged by fear he will
discount the experts but but not without
not listening to him you will discount
them because they might disagree so what
are you gonna do and I think he's gonna
make an executive decision but here's
what I want to say
at a time it won't be wrong no matter
what it is and if that doesn't make
sense that I haven't yet made my point
that whatever Trump decides about the
phase to go back to work it won't be
wrong no matter what it is and here's
here's just this is my philosophical
take on it because there's nobody who
knows in advance what the right answer
is and if you don't know what the right
answer is that means that by default the
right answer is to do something that you
can adjust if it's not right so what you
should expect is that the president will
do something we don't know the exact
details but if he does something that
has the quality that we can measure it
and pull it back and adjust it and tweak
it that's always the right decision now
if if he lets people go back to work
early and some viruses break out and the
experts say I told you I told you this
would happen
he's still right because we couldn't
know until we try it and we could still
pull back now you know if we let it run
too far and the viruses took over
everywhere then that would clearly be a
mistake but on day one it can't be a
mistake because it's action where action
is required in a field of unknowns and
it's the action that will tell you if
it's a good idea if you don't do it
you're not really gonna know so he's
gonna make I've said I said on Twitter
this might be the hardest decision any
executive or you know any president has
made in this country since the Civil War
never some people say well what about
the atomic bomb no no I don't think so I
think if I wrote to rank them because
you know historians say World War two
probably would have ended without the
the bomb and cetera and you know just
the bomb was less of a unknown meaning
that the scientists at a Harry Truman if
he dropped this bomb that city's gonna
kind of disappear you know you didn't
know that
details but you knew that much so that's
way more information than Trump has
Trump doesn't have any kind of
information that's like that drop a bomb
city disappears don't drop a bomb you
know war war drags on but we probably
know where it goes so those are knowns
or as close as you can get to a known in
a war situation which is imperfect at
best but Trump doesn't have any of that
he is flying absolutely blind as the bat
somebody eight to cause this whole thing
all right I told you I take some
questions so I better do that let's see
who's got some questions for me
I think hey soos looks like he has a
question hey soos disappeared okay I
don't know if that's because people get
shy when I actually picked them or
there's a technical difficulty
we do not know Hey community laughs
let's see if you're their community
laughs can you hear me do you have a
question okay that would be a no I think
the people would probably sign down
awhile ago
it takes somebody who just signed on
because that's a better a better bet oh
that one disappeared too what's going on
here maybe it's the technology maybe
it's not me
let's try amber amber amber do you do
you have a question for me amber well I
have friends that have been texting each
other and saying you know who I think I
already had the corona and I was just
wondering if you had done any kind of
like a little informal poll on your
Thanks
yeah you know I I was planning to do
that and I can't remember if I mentioned
it that I didn't bother to look at the
responses but let me give you the story
that makes me laugh when I think about
this
when Elizabeth Warren did her DNA test
and found out that she didn't have much
of any Native American yeah everybody
said oh how could you not know that you
know surely your family must be so dumb
that they didn't know that but I I had
always been told and my family had that
we also had a substantial part of Native
American in us and I believe that my
entire life until I took my 23andme test
and found out none none and and when I
said that in public a lot of people a
lot of people messaged me and said exact
same thing happened to me we'd been told
all our lives that we were you know we
were Native American and we got a zero
it was just made up yeah so so to that
to that analogy which is not trying to
win an argument just as a fun story I
like just about every single person I've
talked to believe that I had some weird
inexplicable illness in January it
wasn't there wasn't like anything else
and you know that's my story too I two
weeks so weakened in pain I could barely
walk up to my stairs and I thought I was
you know I thought I was I didn't know
what the hell was wrong I mean I thought
maybe I need hospitalization or
something but I didn't have a cough and
but I did have lots of nasal congestion
way like way more than the normal yeah
and so I just wrote it off too you know
some seasonal whatever and I thought
maybe some meds I'd taken had some some
some effect but I'm so we've stalled
enough cleverly to look at the comments
look at them coming in my daughter did 2
and B 2 O and then also people agreeing
that they thought they were Native
American and they're not yes yeah let me
just read it as a goodbye okay go ahead
say you're coming with the Native
American I think that there's there they
kind of have rules about keeping their
DNA separate you know they don't they
don't let the DNA go out to these
companies they keep it they keep it
private and then if you think you have
it
they compare it to some other some other
gene took like the term in that you know
yeah but even if you are like part
Native American then you have to be
approved by the tribes to Elizabeth
Warren taught us that I didn't know that
that was actually interesting to learn
that the tribes can set their own rules
about whether you're in or not I don't
know I feel about that but that's just
the way it is alright thanks so much but
looking keep watching the comments all
the people just like we had I I'm not
one to get sick but it took like three
weeks and I had friends I had like five
real close friends that all got sick for
about three weeks all right come down so
I don't know I think we're all yeah we
have it but there isn't there is a test
that is coming out they can tell if you
have those antibodies in your and I
think that's their next babies to try
yes yes I mean that when we have that
test and its widespread and its
availability that's that's the end of it
so all right I thinks like that question
that was a good one I'm glad we did that
if you saw the comments just basically
everybody everybody believes there were
a Native American where they were or if
they had the coronavirus already if I
had to put a guess on how many of us are
all right it would be a pretty small
pretty small number hello caller can you
hear me do you have a question Renee
Renee can you hear me hey what's your
question
I was actually agreeing that I thought
that I had it about a month and a half
ago I can hear you can you hear me yes I
can hear you so yeah it looks like in
the comments that's the most common
thing in the world so so did you have
chest tightness and a dry cough I had I
had night nests and did you have a
coughing wheezing yeah I mean I'm not a
doctor but you know the the list the
list of things which could potentially
be a sign of it seemed to keep growing
you know I was watching it and I kept
thinking wait if they keep adding things
to this list sooner or later they're
gonna give something that's me and I'm
like okay don't have a dry cough all
right good don't have aches don't have a
fever I'm good I'm good and then they
you know they get to a diarrhea and I'm
like ah too much information but I was
on some antibiotics they have that side
effect but you so I think it was just
the antibiotics but the the trouble is
that we're all hypochondriacs yeah and
if if you've gone if you can go through
the next three weeks without having a
single one of those telltale signs of
coronavirus good luck because you know
we're all gonna have an ache a fever a
chill you know a call for you know
wheezing something I think every one of
us is gonna have that all right thanks
for the call thank you alright let's see
who else is on here Jason looks like
he's full of questions Jason can you
hear me Jason do you have a question for
me Jason could he hear me Jason doesn't
wash hello there you are do you have a
question for me uh yeah so I am in the
process of opening a restaurant and I
was just wondering what's your take on
hmm well so I first of all I'm sorry you
know I own two restaurants and it owned
as a past tense so you can figure out
how well that one so I know the life and
I know the risk and I know how much work
it is and I genuinely you have my
empathy that your your bad luck and the
timing it's it's frickin tragic for for
millions of people but but let me give
you my best chance at a positive on this
people seem to be really ready to change
their life I mean a lot of people just
really alter you know change their life
a lot because the the new way of living
I there so here's the positives I heard
somebody say that a lot of restaurants
will go out of business but then a lot
of restaurants will start up basically
taking over the assets of the failed
business now I know that that's the
thing because when my restaurant failed
it was easier just to keep stuff in
there and say alright you can you can
take over the rent and so basically you
know the half million that I put into it
didn't need to be spent spend by the
person who took it over after it didn't
work for me anymore so you should have a
whole bunch of people if they're smart
they formed you know incorporated things
or maybe the government will give them
some protection against some of this
stuff we'll see but probably a lot of
people are gonna have temporary woes
that will create opportunities for
people to get cheap restaurants that
they didn't deserve because they're not
the ones who invested the money in it
and built it out but so the first thing
is you'll see people coming in and
filling out the spaces second thing is I
think people like me who did not lose
you know my base income I mean it'll
probably go down by a third and stay
there forever because newspapers are
just gonna go out of business after this
but we're gonna spend a lot of money at
restaurants and I think people are gonna
do it for patriotic reasons for local
reasons and I don't want to say there's
you know pent-up spending but I think
people will make conscious decision
to help their fellow travelers
especially in their local community
because it feels right and what's wrong
with going out to dinner now it might
take a while before we say feel safe to
do it I think you'll see a massive
restructuring of you know more takeout
and doordash stuff of course you might
see well let me make it let me make a
specific suggestion given that cities
and towns are now more flexible all the
governments are being flexible because
it's an emergency
suppose you're a new restaurant owner
and you say this look I know I can't
pack my people in my little area but
it's summer if I if I put some heaters
out and I put a certain distance and I
put them outdoors will you let me open
up so I'll do takeout I'll do door - and
I'll have you know a server with a face
mask
you know delivering food to tables and
it'll be just you know drop off and
leave no conversation and you know just
a good nice space around you now the
problem with that is that your local
town will say oh no you know you can't
put tables like outdoors just in front
of your sidewalk because that's the
sidewalk you you know you can't put them
like you know moving it to the street
but I'll bet you can I'll bet if you
said to my town in Main Street there are
a number of restaurants and businesses
on Main Street all bat and actually I
should I should suggest this I'll bet if
you said to the chamber I don't know the
Town Board of the city the Chamber of
Commerce whoever you need to appeal to
I'll bet if you said that here's the
deal every one of these restaurants is
dead unless you do this you let them use
the entire street and you close it to
traffic because in my town you could
easily go around you know it wouldn't it
wouldn't be any big deal to close the
main restaurant straight and say now
it's just a walking street everybody
will have plenty of room cuz we're not
it's not real crowded city or anything
and in every restaurant can just use the
street just put out your tables and keep
it safe now would it work would people
go to those restaurants I mean not now
but when we get a little bit looser
would they go
the only point I'm trying to make is
that you can't ever factor in the degree
of ingenuity and you can't factor in the
degree of flexibility that you have in
an emergency and you can't factor in the
goodwill of the people who didn't lose a
fortune during this who just want to
support you
so that's the best argument I could make
there things will be alright in the long
run but but man you you've got a it's
just gonna be tough and I you have all
my sympathy I'm sorry that happened to
you well and thank you for for that and
I was actually gonna ask if you had a
recommendation for getting out in front
of this and you already answered that so
thanks very much yeah if if your local
restaurant is somewhere where it's even
possible to close the block just put it
out there see what somebody says I mean
they could always say yes they could
always say no I mean nothing lost right
all right thanks for the question thank
you
yeah you know the the restaurant and the
travel business I try not to think about
it because it's just I mean that's where
you know 90% of the economic pain is
gonna be right there all right looks
like community laughs is trying again
let's see if we can get you on here
community laughs can you hear me do you
have a question hello oops looks like
it's percolating we lost our connection
looks like it's a weak connection on the
other side oh maybe nope let's try
somebody else who has a better phone
connection let's try
see pend second can you hear me do you
have a question feels like forever in
hell but it was about the older
generation you know kind of like taking
one for the team and stepping out and
like saying like you know younger
generation you guys go we'll take the
pain and I me under than myself and I
think we have a very different
perspective on the older generation so
like let's take for example prop 13
right older generation has their houses
younger generation is the one suffering
paying all these things that the burden
is being shifted to the younger
generation they're just buying houses
now you see the things like the boomer
remover means right or the young kids
like out party it's like we love grandma
we love dad we love our odds but like I
think there's some sense of we don't
really care if this affects the Boomers
because we feel like they're the ones
that destroyed the planet they're the
one so I'm wondering it's a kind of a
like I have a very different perspective
from you do you really think that like
the boomers would be the ones to say
like hey we've screwed over the younger
generation all these ways but we're
gonna take one for the team in this case
I don't see it personally well first of
all let me clarify in my opinion because
I think you slightly misstated it so so
so my opinion is that the older
generation might in fact be willing to
you know go out and take a risk but it's
stupid because it's bad for all of us in
other words if they start going out and
dying at high numbers I can't give my
operation right you know so we're all
screwed so I said the opposite of that
you know that they should take the risk
I said they should stay home because
like we're all kind of you know well for
a while yeah for a while the boomers
need to are going to stay stay in when
the younger get to go out I think that's
guaranteed now to your point I actually
appreciate the the honesty in that
comment you know even when ideas are
unpleasant the honesty of it somehow
helps it I think you're absolutely
and I'm seeing it everywhere that the
the younger generation is saying
explicitly well you know maybe if he
hadn't you know toasted the planet with
your climate change and stole all the
money and had a nice life and left us
basically no way to even rent an
apartment and have a decent life maybe
if you hadn't done all those things and
started wars that I don't care about and
ruin the ruined the environment you know
maybe if you had not massively effed up
the entire planet I would have a little
bit of sympathy for you now as a human
being totally get it I totally get it
and I would be actually amazed if that
isn't a widespread thought but I'm not
sure we you know it's not a productive
one it's not a good one it's not a
mature one it's it's one that you know
you know every 25 year-old who had this
thought and said well I got my reasons
someday they'll be 55 and they're gonna
look back and say you know based on my
current perspective I might not have
said or thought what I thought back then
there was sort of a younger person's
privileged dumb ideas if I can say it
that way you know like guys for my
generation yeah you know I think you're
completely right but what how do you
think your generation will feel when the
experts who are mostly you know my
generation and older say you know we're
gonna let you guys go back you're lower
risk but you know you might die but
we're gonna let you go back how do you
feel about that I think they're you know
they're feeling guys we're gonna do this
one way or the other
oh I that's true yeah the the one thing
that you can guarantee is that there's
there's some kind of a natural timer on
how long people will put up with us and
III speculated it's somewhere around the
6-week point you know then that's that's
where patients will just start to fall
apart because this sort of thing where
some people will always be cheaters and
you know and want to beat the system but
maybe that's in the five or ten percent
of the country
but as soon as that the five or ten
becomes I'll just say twenty the whole
system falls apart because if twenty
percent are cheating the other eighty
percent say well you know might as well
so yeah I'd say six weeks is the longest
we can go but if we go six weeks and
then let's say the experts say you know
based on what we know today we didn't
know this before but what we know today
two more weeks is just going to be a
huge huge difference in the in the
ultimate outcome I think people would
listen to it I mean you'd have a chance
so alright I appreciate your honesty and
thanks for the call
it's always so it's actually surprising
when you hear somebody who will go in
public and say something that's just
completely honest like that I really
enjoyed that call even though like the
whole time it was it was triggering me
like crazy because we you know what I
wanted to say was some version of you
know I was born poor worked for
everything I had can I keep it can I
keep it
none of those decisions were mine I
didn't pollute anything and I heard Paul
McCartney say this I know 20 years ago
so somebody was interviewing him and
saying you know Paul McCartney you know
you've made whenever it was a billion
dollars and there are poor people all
over the world and you know they don't
think that's very fair you've got a
billion dollars what do you say to that
and Paul McCartney looked at the
interview and I'm paraphrasing it was a
long time ago and said some version of
this well I worked for it I didn't hurt
anybody can I keep it I don't know that
one that one answer to a that one
question made me want to me to Paul
McCartney more than any living human
being like I just wanted to stand in the
same room with the guy who said that
the do you feel that was that just me
there's just something so perfect about
that answer that made you understand why
the Beatles were so good because you
know it wasn't just when he was writing
songs that he was brilliant in that sort
of special way like even in an interview
with just a very simple answer it was
kind of magical it was kind of brilliant
this somebody says it's just me yeah
well you know there's no musical act
that everybody likes either but I always
liked that all right be good to your
people who you think made a mistake in
the past you can't tell if somebody
acted that was right and bigger tear
each other things are gonna get better
pretty soon oh by the way did you see
that the death rate in New York City
went down a little bit who predicted
that would happen this week I did that
only went down like two people so
basically flattened but didn't go up
while the infection rate was up just as
I predicted things are headed in the
right direction you'll all be fine
eventually I'll talk to you in the
morning