[Music]
oh great
book well that's a great book too
excellent
book ah there's another one three
winners three things your dad's going to
want for Dad's Day by the way if you
tried to get the hard cover version of
God's debris and Amazon gave you a
message that wasn't available through
December they've corrected that glitch
so it should be available next week
meaning if you order it today you'll get
it next
week so God's debris is destroying this
competition in all of its categories on
Amazon the book that will last forever
well is everybody here looks like we got
everybody let me make sure
my beloved members of locals are
here there they are
[Music]
H good morning everybody and welcome to
coffee with Scott Adams the highlight of
human civilization and possibly some
other civilizations I think there are
some other dimensions but they're
probably enjoying it too and if you'd
like to take your experience up to
levels that nobody can understand with a
tiny human smooth human brain all you
need for that is a cup or Mar or a glass
of a tanker chel din a canteen Jugger
flask vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pl
unparallel pleasure of the dope of being
h of the day thing makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous
sipas now
go that really does start off the day
right well if you're subscribing to
Dilbert um either on X or on
locals you would see that uh you'd see
both the digital calendar that exists
only in digital form this year next year
it'll be paper by the way I'll announce
that
later but you would see two of my finest
jokes at the same day I I rarely laugh
out loud when I look at my own comic um
it happens but today I laughed out loud
at both of them both the one I wrote 10
years ago and the one that's brand new
today so you're going to like it
well Apple was zooming up on the stock
market yesterday I think on the on the
backs of their uh announcements about
things and I'm not so surprised not so
surprised because when I first heard
what you know what Apple was doing and
then Elon Musk had their had his issues
with it I said to myself ah you know it
looks like it's swinging a Miss but then
I started looking at the things that the
AI added to the Apple phone would do for
me
and I immediately knew that I was
trapped there was nowhere I was going I
am going to use that phone I'm
definitely going to upgrade and I
wouldn't be able to live without the
upgrade because the things it's adding
are things I really really really wanted
to do and I've always wanted to do so uh
I think other people probably had the
same gut
feeling so if you look at it
analytically it's hard to understand
Apple but if you feel it you can predict
apple and I've always I've always had
the feeling that I couldn't escape and
I'm definitely going an upgrade you know
that's just free money for Apple I
thought I might lose it on this upgrade
but nope nope that same irrational thing
that says I must have this product it's
the most important thing in my life it
kicked in again apple is so so good at
the persuasion part of the the business
it's crazy and probably the tech is
good we're all concerned about Elon
musk's comment that it might be a hit on
your privacy but uh I surrendered
probably 25 years ago to a lack of
privacy and in a way I'm like the canary
and the coal mine for the rest of you
you can see what it's like to live with
the presumption of no privacy ever
meaning that I live my life like all my
messages are public and have for
decades um and it's the only way I can
keep peace of mind because I know as a
public figure everything I do is public
here here's here's what happens when
you're a public
figure if you're not a public figure and
you send a spicy message to your friend
your friend will go Ah that's a spicy
message might even send one back and
that's it if you're famous and you send
a spicy message to somebody they're
going to show all their friends
hey I got a spicy message from a famous
person and then everybody knows so
there's no such thing as a private
message once you're a public figure that
it's just it's a toal fantasy so once I
came to grips with the fact that as a
public figure you don't really have any
privacy and you also assume that anybody
who's on the inside of any entity that
you apply to you know in other words if
I've got an account for any kind of
service or app I assume they're all over
my business just because they can be so
I live my life like well here it is you
know if you don't like it there's
nothing that I don't think there's
anything that could ever come out that I
wouldn't do anything except shrug if it
became a public matter I think could be
surprised well people are talking about
the new Star Wars movie I saw the best
insult so the new movie is called the
Acolyte and uh somebody said it was so
bad it ruins the
originals it's so bad it it ruins things
that have already happened in history
the first three and they mean it like
there's actually a reason behind that
because the new ones change some of the
mythology and Narrative of the old ones
but not in a way that people liked so I
I haven't seen it but somebody said you
know something about the force is no
longer magical and Anakin's no longer
special and you know just everything
things you assumed about the originals
just stopped being true but but the best
part I don't know if this is true but
this I'll call this a recreational
belief on my
part I made no effort to find out if
this is true because it's funny so I'm
going to treat it as a recreational
belief meaning I don't know if it's true
I don't know but somebody said uh in the
movie somebody said that in the movie uh
lesbians can use the force to have
babies without men now that's probably
not exactly what the movie
is but as a recreational belief yeah I'm
going to accept that that uh in the new
movie they use the force so that
lesbians can have babies without men
probably not true probably the plot has
nothing to do with that but it's sort
it's
funny how many of you saw Kevin
spacy uh appearing on Pierce Morgan and
talking about his what he would say was
uh accidental and minimal contact with
Jeffrey
Epstein so his story is that indeed he
was on flights with je with Epstein but
he said it was in the context of Clinton
um U Clinton charitable stuff so he was
just a person using a plane as others
were in in the service of you know
charity he
says that he didn't know who Epstein was
back in those days and that he's pretty
sure that Epstein was on the plane some
of those times so he's confirmed that's
true but he didn't really know anything
about Epstein or even have any uh any
contact with him now how many of you
have ever been on a private
jet private jet how many of
you and how many of you have been on a
private jet with the owner of the
private
jet some of you
if you've never experienced it I don't
really think it's a thing that you fly
on a private jet with the person who
owns the Jet and he doesn't introduce
himself I don't think that's the
thing now I don't know how many people
are on the
jet but I feel like if I'm Epstein and
my whole job is connecting imagine just
put yourself in this position imagine
you own the jet you're on the jet and
one of the other people on the jet is
Kevin
spacy at the top of his
Fame and as the owner of the jet it
never occurred to you to get up and
introduce yourself to one of the most
famous actors in the world who's on your
jet 20 fet away from you and absolutely
would want to say hi to you cuz you own
the
Jet and that never happened well I don't
know what's true and what isn't I will
tell you that uh it looked to me like he
was lying the whole way through
and I based that on body language and
and the way he acted now that doesn't
mean he did any crimes so I want I want
to be very clear I'm not I'm not
accusing him of anything but it looked
like it looked like he was selling a
narrative because maybe the truth didn't
defend him as well as it could have or
should have so I'm not saying he did
anything wrong I personally have no
information about that but he sure
didn't look honest
um and it could be an actor thing you
know I I feel like if you're a
professional actor at that
level that difference between the
uh the difference between acting and
telling the truth gets a little murky so
when I saw him trying to tell the truth
he looked like he was acting to me but
the problem is actors might look like
they're acting when they're telling the
truth sometimes if they're really trying
to sell the truth because it matters to
them so I don't know how to to judge it
it look like not the truth it look like
acting but it could be the truth I mean
it'd be a weird truth hard to believe
who knows it's a weird
world well the uh lefties the Democrats
are trying to warn the world that if
Trump gets in back he's going to get his
retribution you know Bolton is warning
you're not John Bolton was saying you're
not worried enough about his revenge
and uh all the left leaning Publications
are saying yes Trump is going to come
and get revenge and and I guess AOC and
uh racial mad now believe that he might
try to round them up and put him in
prison camps because that's what he
does as if that's even slightly likely
all right but here's what I want to I
wanted to say I posted this I'll just
read it to you um here's my take on Will
trump get revenge
number one revenge is what holds
civilization together why is Revenge
getting a bad
name revenge is the only thing that
holds civilization together do you know
why if you hurt my family I'm going to
get
revenge that's
it that that's the the entire glue of
civilization is Revenge now we like to
use other words for it or we're going to
have it processed through the justice
system uh this this is the way to set
things right we got some justice no it's
Revenge it's all Revenge you can change
the name it's so that anybody who
with us knows that we're coming for them
nothing works unless you have that
working your entire social structure
depends on
Revenge specifically and more than just
about anything
else so it's essential to Collective
survival so let me let me say it clearly
if you laware Trump and you hunt
Republicans someone is coming for
you if you laware Trump and you hunt
Republicans both of which are obviously
inevidence someone's coming for you
guaranteed um and there's no free passes
now you can call it Revenge if you want
I can call it justice if I want to feel
good about it but the thing is that
whatever you call it it's still going to
happen you get that right
you can say that uh let's say take
Israel you can sayoh Israel is doing a
genocide somebody else could sayoh
Israel's defending
yourself I don't care what you call it
you're still going to watch it happen
and there's nothing you can do
about it do you know why because
Revenge keeps the world together short
of that we'd all be
dead from natural causes and and and I
guess getting robbed by bad bad people
um so importantly but here's the thing
that they miss and Republicans need to
say every time uh Republicans revenge or
you could call it justice has to be 100%
legal and it has to be within the
Constitutional requirements why because
that's who Republicans are it's an
identity the the Republican identity is
adherence to the Constitution because
it's the only thing that keeps us from
being Savages
and they know that so even with its
flaws Republicans are absolutely wed to
the Constitution it's it's just in their
DNA at this point it's just the most
basic part of their their nature and and
I would go further you know I see that
uh Trump gets a lot of
character um hits the people who don't
want to support him say Well his
character he have a character like that
let me explain to people who are not
understanding why Trump has so much
support despite what you think is his
bad character in some
domains the only character the
Republicans really care about is what do
you think about the Constitution and if
you like God that's a plus but
really I I think Republicans would elect
I think that Republicans could elect an
atheist they wouldn't want to but it's
within their ability if said atheist
said hey you know what the best possible
thing under our constitutional system is
to have a president who doesn't play
favorites with religion and by the way I
do understand it's a Christian let's say
influenced process and we don't want to
change that unless we have a really good
reason and I don't see one if you said
that Christians would say oh oh well I
would really prefer you were a Christian
but you just said everything I want to
hear you're going to adhere to the
Constitution which was created by people
who had at least Chris influence and and
that's good enough because there's no
Christian that says you have to change
there's no Christian in the United
States that says You must change to be a
Christian they don't require that they
just require you don't mess with them
let them live their lives so as long as
your president uh has one
character uh let's say equality which is
an
absolute uh Devotion to the Constitution
and the country you're good you're good
so you don't have to be surprised when a
Republican or anybody else supports
Trump it's simply that we think the
character that matters in this case is
Constitution what do you think of that
yes we're good what what do you what do
you do with women I don't care I I don't
care what your genitalia is doing I
really
don't and I don't really care what
column you mark something down as long
as you paid your taxes I don't care what
column you mark it down in nobody
cares all right
um so but here's the other thing that
Democrats need to know so I put this in
my post I said note to Democrats if
Trump ever becomes an evil Tyrant
Republicans will kill him for you that's
what the guns are
for and the f-15s aren't going to
protect them no matter what dumbass
Biden says
that's what the guns are for to to
imagine the Republicans would be okay
with somebody they like becoming a
dictator is completely missing the whole
point of being a Republican or a
conservative which is if it's not in the
Constitution
no how about no how about if you try to
violate the constitution by becoming a
tyrant we'll kill you how about if you
were our best friend yesterday but today
you become a tyrant we're still going to
kill you
it's really
clear that's what the guns are for it's
not just for killing somebody we that's
on the other team it's for killing our
own team it's for killing our own team
if
necessary right it's always Last Resort
of course guns are last last Last Resort
and we're not there we're nowhere near
we're nowhere near gun
time anyway the reason the Republicans
don't see any dictator risk is that
they've not been brainwashed by the CIA
Le corporate
media so if you've been brainwashed into
thinking Trump might become a dictator
despite four years of experience in
which nothing like that happened and the
biggest complaint about him is he didn't
have enough power to do anything he
wanted to do like even build a
wall if you could live through that and
still think he's going to be a dictator
despite 80 million people with guns who
are willing to shoot him the minute he
becomes a dictator like literally not h
hyperbolically if he ever became an
actual Hitler the Republicans would take
him out you don't even have to take care
of it you could just ask us I say us
because I'm on Pro Trump even though I'm
a
Democrat all
right so axios reports that the fake
local news sites now exceed the real
stuff so they're all these dark money
sites pretending to be local news but
they've exceeded the actual news so your
odds are seeing real news now much less
than seeing one of the fake sites but
even the real news is fake if it's
political stuff why is that well that's
the country we live
in uh the FBI has just announced that
crime has plummeted for the first
quarter of 20124 can we all have a laugh
about that I'm going to take an extra
sip while you laugh at the
Ridiculousness of all the data that
you're going to see this between now and
election day all data is fake and all
data is fake between now and election
day there won't be a single
piece of data that you should trust
everything about the inflation will be
fake everything about the CGI will be
fake everything about employment will be
fake everything about crime will be
fake and this one's this one really
stands out because um apparently there
were Stranges there were changes in the
reporting requirements so what we're
seeing is a change in how the data was
collected and reported we're not seeing
a change in crime there might be a
change in crime but it would be you know
hidden by the fact that the the
reporting structure changed so no don't
trust
that and you know one of the biggest
lies in America is that voters determine
the outcomes of Elections would you all
agree that we could dispense that
fantasy it's really really obvious that
that's not what's happening
what's happening is the
uh basically we live in a
hoaxy so we live in a world in which
lying doesn't have consequences if
you're if you're in the political game
and it's gotten much worse it used to be
that the candidates could just tell a
bunch of lies and the other one would
say hey that's a lie but nothing would
really happen but now it's extended all
the way into the CIA can legally I think
completely interfere with elections as
they obviously did and uh well the
intelligence people in general and they
can just run Ops they can actually run
an OP to create a fake narrative not
just
lie but pay somebody to develop fake
information pay somebody to act a
certain way now look at look at these
lies the Russia collusion hoax the
laptop hoax the fine people hoax the
Insurrection hoax these are Ops this is
not just somebody lying this is your int
agencies running games on the United
States just the way they do in other
countries when we try to influence
them so the real competition is not
between candidates and their
messages you you can see for yourself
that policy is not having a big role in
this election and probably not any
election we pretend it does but maybe
not um what we have is a competition
between uh government Liars which
include the intelligence community
and something that caught them by
surprise which is the most persuasive
populist in the history of the United
States maybe the world so Trump simply
broke the mold by being so persuasive
that they that their various
machinations and control over the media
wasn't enough they didn't know how to
control that specific persuasive threat
but moreover Trump has a sort of a
secret army of hypnotists who who have
been working with him from the start and
if you you combine Trump's power with a
secret Cal of
hypnotists they they can they can
actually match the entire intelligence
operation that's how good Trump is with
persuasion especially when I ask help
but here's the important thing the only
reason this is a fair
fight is because Elon Musk bought X
it wouldn't be about about Trump
wouldn't even be in the close in the
polls except that there's now something
closer to free speech happening and it's
on X so you know it's a pretty big
footprint so we have uh our government
is a hoax ocracy it's just a bunch of
hoaxes run by the intelligence units to
make you think you should vote One Way
versus another and countering that is
the most persuasive populist
who is supported by a cabal of super
persuasive people that I call
hypnotists now the beauty of hypnotists
and also with the intelligence people is
they have one quality in common they can
operate right in front of you and you
can't see
them now we can see them because the the
various hypnotists who are pro Trump and
again I'm using H hypnotist as you more
of a provocative title for just people
who understand persuasion and and how
the persuasion World works yeah I'm
talking about your cernovich you know
your jack bobic you know your Glenn
greenwalt's your shellen bers you I
could go on and on but it's the people
who are not hypnotized and the people
who have enough experience that they can
see the plays so for the first time
there's now visibility on what the real
system is which is an intelligence
operation
you backed by rich people
basically and the state department and
Mike and of course Mike
Ben's um is the other big part of that
so it's not all persuasion you also need
some
autists and I say that because Mike Ben
called himself autistic I think he
doesn't mean that literally but what he
does mean is he has a certain kind of
mind that can play chess and can play
classical music and as luck would have
it that specific mind allows him to look
deeply into all the connections in the
government and tell you how they're all
connected which you and I can't do
because we can't beat them in chess we
can't play you know concert piano and
our brains aren't wired that way but his
is and so he just tells you what's true
and you go oh my God now I see it he
can't see it until he explains it but
once he says this person worked for this
person you know this person met with
this person it all makes sense right
so there you go it's all possible
because of Elon Musk buying ACC and
saving Free Speech literally saving Free
Speech well the hill is reporting that
uh Democrats want to uh remind people of
all the bad things that Trump has said
and to cure what they call the Trump
Amnesia they're worried that voters
forgot all the bad things that Trump
said can I translate that for you all
right I'll be your
and it'll
translate that brainwashing what that
means is all the that the
Democrats made up about Trump like
saying drink bleach to cure your you
know things that didn't happen uh saying
uh that the soldiers were losers because
they died or something like that didn't
happen uh find people hoax didn't happen
so what they're calling Trump Amnesia is
their clever persuasion play to make you
think those things were ever true in the
first
place good
luck good luck I think that's a counter
to Trump derangement syndrome because
you notice that there's always a there's
always a counter you know whenever
there's something that they're doing
wrong they will definitely blame you for
doing
it so that's more of that I had the bad
luck to turn on CNN when they had a
guest Adam kiner on and he talked for I
don't know five minutes or so and all I
could see was severe mental illness do
you get the same
feeling like his face seems all puffed
up like he's on some kind of medication
and everything he said sounded like a
hallucination you know of all the bad
things Trump was going to do and the bad
things that happened that didn't really
happened I mean none of it seemed like
it was based in any kind of reality
whatsoever now I don't think he's in the
category of a clever
operator I think he's just
crazy like like there's just Mental
Health problem there that's what it
looks
like well here's a question I was using
my
uh chat GPT for to help me out while I
Was preparing my notes I saw somebody
who said on a post Chris Marts said on X
that in 1988 experts predicted sea level
rise would wipe out the Mal Dives within
30 years but the meles have actually
grown instead of shrunk 36 years later
and and then he says Chris says the the
catastrophists are batt battling zero
with their predictions of Doom now I
said to myself
really is it really zero because I
predicted so many Dooms you figure some
of them had to hit right because a lot
of them are coin flips either it'll be
drier than usual or wetter than usual
either they'll be more hurricanes or
less hurricanes you know fewer
hurricanes
um so I wondered if that's true have
have the Doom predictors really actually
literally been wrong 100% of the time so
I asked chat GPT and as you know chat
GPT is totally unbiased no of course not
it's totally biased for whatever the
narrative is to the left and so it
supported the idea that uh the
catastrophists as as Chris calls them
have made correct predictions would you
like to hear some of the correct
predictions if you heard that people
correctly predicted the future based on
climate change theory and then they hit
their Mark wouldn't that make you think
well maybe maybe if you were doubting
climate change was problem but you heard
that they made predictions like years
ago and then nailed it wouldn't that
change your
mind all right well watch me change your
mind now here are some predictions that
they totally nailed according to Chad G
P um that the Pacific northw West would
have a heat wve in
2021 and uh and it caused a bunch of
fires and stuff so they predicted that
did they predict that it would happen in
the Pacific
Northwest no no they predicted that
there would be
extremes so that there would be some
places you know having extreme dryness
but in other places they said there'd be
extreme wetness
so they they predicted Extremes in heat
waves but also Extremes in um in
flooding and sure enough there were
there was a some places that had one in
a thousand year floods well that sounds
pretty bad just like they predicted and
then the Pacific Northwest had an
unprecedented Heat Wave well that's
exactly what they predicted does that
sound like a good prediction and they
really hit it to you
this is designed for people who are not
good at
analysis did you catch the
problem uh watch me make a prediction
and then I guarantee I'm going to hit it
you
ready sometime in the next year there
will be at least one region of the earth
that has a weather related event that's
unprecedented and it will be caused by
me snapping my fingers
done you watch and the next year there's
going to be an extreme weather event I
can't tell you where I mean you know the
climate change couldn't tell you it was
going to be in the Pacific Northwest in
2021 I mean we're not that specific I'm
just telling you in the next year
somewhere on Earth is going to break a
record for weather and it's because I
snaap my
fingers check back with me in a year
anybody want to bet against me no you
don't because because the weather sets
records all the time I don't remember a
single time in my childhood where I
turned on a weather report and some
weatherman usually man back then or
weather woman or weather non-binary or
trans was uh telling me that there's a
new record in
Idaho oh looks like it's a there's a
drought in there's a drought in Maine
well probably
never so the catastrophist went from
predicting
things you could
measure you get that you could measure
the sea level at the
Mal but every time they predicted
something you could
measure it didn't happen so what did
they do did they say well I guess our
theories are debunked because every time
we predict it doesn't happen no they
Chang their predictions to something
unlikely will
happen What
something unlikely is guaranteed to
happen no matter what with or without
climate
change the world is a big you know
changeable ball floating through space
it's changing all the time for all
different reasons you know at least in
terms of specific geographies so no
they're they just hid the ball they're
hiding the ball by saying well we
predicted this 2021 Pacific Northwest
you say did you predict it would happen
there and only there and then
2021 well no but we correctly predicted
things like that yeah so did I by
snapping my fingers I just correctly
predicted that things like that will
happen next
year crazy so then I asked chat GPT are
there any of the years in that period
where they think they're so happy they
nailed that Pacific Northwest thing I
said can you tell me did the temperature
go up every
year he said said well no um he said
between 2017 and 2018 the the
temperature was
stable oh and between uh 2019 and 2020
it
decreased wait what so 2017 and 2018 the
temperature didn't increase and then
2019 and 2020 it
decreased but then they're doing a
victory dance because in 2021 there was
a heat wve
in one
place could this be more
 they're they're really doing it
right in front of us it's
funny I was watching MSNBC again because
I watch it for the
comedy
and it what you notice is that msnbc's
content is no longer about the news it's
about their reaction to the news have
you noticed that once you start seeing
it it becomes funny
they're creating content by their
reaction to the news even though the
news isn't nothing so they're actually
inventing reaction news it's like those
reaction videos of people listening to a
great song for the first time so I was
watching
uh uh I guess it was on Morning Joe if
you really think that Joe Biden is the
one losing
it um I think everyone in the world
thinks Joe Biden's losing it he said
watch the performance in Las Vegas over
the weekend this was Trump giving a
speech and then they didn't show the
speech or anything that would make Trump
look bad they just sort of took
something out of context and then they
did
reactions so Trump did nothing wrong he
just gave his normal speech they took it
out context and then they made the news
the reaction ho ho ho look at that
guy and that's the news the news is a
reaction to the thing they made
up they just make up stuff and they
react to it and then people watch it and
I do too because it's funny but if you
watched it thinking it was news my God
you'd be
lost so then I saw somebody uh on social
media say something about uh Morning Joe
and uh you know the intern that died in
his office and somebody made an
allegation that he was involved with her
and I thought I think I would have heard
that news so I asked chat GPT to give me
a history of Morning Joe before he was
mourning Joe so he was in Congress in
2001 uh he won his reelection in
November but then a few months later he
announced he was quitting for personal
reasons but it was there was no
reporting that he was involved with
anybody or having an affair that's just
an internet thing but at least Chad GPT
says there there was nothing like that
going on you it was just personal
reasons
unspecified here's a question I ask you
who runs for office wins and then quits
halfway through or like really If he if
he resigns six months or so after he won
the election it kind of suggests to me
that maybe he was planning to quit as he
was running or there something happened
we don't know about so there's a little
bit of a mystery
there but an intern did die
somebody young who had a undisclosed
heart problem who had the bad
luck of collapsing and hitting her head
on exactly the thing that would kill
her
so here's the thing you know we always
suspect that the intelligence people try
to own public figures through the
process of having blackmail on them do
you think Morning Joe has any blackmail
now I don't know and I don't see
anything in the news that looks like
reliable that would say anything bad
about him but he acts like he
is he he acts like it's not he's not
under control because the things he says
are so laughably
stupid you know his his complaints about
Trump he doesn't look like he's doing
anything close to an opinion or the news
it looks like somebody paid him to say
bad things about Trump and that's it and
if he doesn't he'll
die he looks like he'll die if he
doesn't insult Trump maybe he
would I also have a theory about
Lawrence O'Donnell because he has these
smug idiot look and I always wonder like
what's behind this smug idiot where he
says stupid things usually about Trump
but then he's got a smile of
satisfaction like I've never seen in my
life and the and the two things are just
so jarring and uncanny valley to me and
here's my
theory I think Lawrence O'Donnell is
someone who never got enough attention
for his good works during his life
because he's actually quite accomplished
he's he's done quite a bit before he was
on there and I think that once he found
that all he had to do is cleverly insult
Trump and he would get more public
Acclaim and more accolades than he did
for any of his good work uh I think he
was a writer on The West Wing for
example that's pretty impressive right I
don't know what he contributed
specifically but but if you're a writer
on the west sng the best written show of
course I also believe that it was
written entirely by the producer of the
show and that the writers had almost
nothing to do with it so maybe he had
nothing to do with anything but I'm
saying that he looks like a guy who
found a way to get a a Pat in the back
and a rub of the belly and a treat and
all he has to do is insult Trump so he's
got this smile on his face like he's
discovered infinite candy and he can
just stick his beak in and suck count
the sugar and it's just a good time no
real work involved he just has to say
and what do you think about Donald Trump
am I right and people will say that was
a genius show Lawrence you nailed it
again watch this watch me nail it again
Donald Trump he's probably a rapist and
maybe a racist wow the insights that
you're bringing to this Lawrence are so
impressive may I buy you lunch I feel
like that's what's happening
like this smug idiot look is that they
can literally say any damn thing about
Trump and they know it and they just get
some big
reward well crime might become illegal
in California again the initiative to
end it uh proposition 47 uh proposition
47 was the thing that said you could
steal up to $950 and it wouldn't be much
of a big deal so people did quite quite
a bit of it and the Californian public
has realized that we don't have a real
government because if we had a real
government we wouldn't have to do this
they would have done changed it
themselves so the the citizens of
California are rebelling and basically
uh it's an Insurrection I mean Pro the
the ballot initiative to get rid of Prop
47 is very
specifically an Insurrection because
we're cutting the government out of the
decision because they can't get it right
and we believe that the government is
acting against our interests as Citizens
that's exactly what's happening it
wouldn't be on the ballot unless a lot
of people thought this is wrong and I'm
pretty sure it's going to
win pretty sure it's going to win so
this might be a little bright spot in
the
future anyway so we know a lot about the
whole uh Hunter Biden bisma CIA thing
but if you don't know the whole thing
and I'll talk about hunters conviction
next um so you remember there were 50
signers of the the thing that said the
laptop was fake what we know now is that
the CIA was entirely behind the Ukraine
Revolution entirely behind the Ukraine
War uh and that the CIA is licensed to
lie and do illegal acts and that a lot
of the things we've seen are they
licensed to do illegal acts so let me
put this in context remember you said to
yourself my God we just found out that
51 intelligence people lied to the
public about the nature of the laptop
and you say to yourself well that's got
to be
illegal nope it's specifically legal to
lie to the United States citizens for an
OP they can break the law any law they
want apparently and they can lie to the
American public it's not illegal so they
were just doing their
jobs of covering up a thing now you say
to yourself but is it their job to cover
up for a hunter Biden
yes it is because Hunter was part of the
op Hunter was on the board of bisma
because of the CIA because we wanted
them there we the CIA wanted him there
so so uh the hunter Biden crime family
if they were completely let's say we
understood everything we did it would
unravel the whole CIA interest which
they can legally lie to you to keep
private so did they interfere with the
election clearly yes yes yes yes yes yes
would that be illegal under every normal
context yes yes yes yes is it illegal if
the CIA is behind
it
um I think
no I think they're actually authorized
to do exactly anything they want correct
me if I'm wrong I think that they can do
that right to
us I'd love to be wrong about that but I
think that maybe no laws were broken at
least by the people who organized it if
they were doing it under the CIA
Banner so thanks to uh
um Mike Ben and number of other people
but mostly Ben I think for unraveling
that whole thing so we know that bariso
is just as was the the vehicle that the
CIA was going to use to control
ukrainians uh oil production and that
was the reason we were there in the
first place we wanted to bankrupt corupt
Russia and make them non-competitive if
we wanted to you know control other
countries that they also had an interest
in so for example if we wanted to
dominate Syria we would rather that
Russia was too weak to stop it if we
wanted to dominate any other country in
which they have a relationship we wanted
them to be too weak to help that other
country so I think we understand that
quite well and under that context how do
we look at Hunter's gun conviction uh so
he's now would be a convicted Fain felon
if all this is finalized uh guilty on
three counts related to guns there could
be a potential G uh potential jail term
have you noticed that the news keeps
talking about the fact he might go to
jail and yet the news also says he's
totally not going to jail why are they
running both stories oh he could go to
jail for 25 years he's totally not going
to jail of course because it's the first
defense and wouldn't be any reason to
but oh 25 years 100 years something it
it's to make it sound scarier so it's
more of a story get your interest but
maybe it's also to cover up that that
the conviction is a diversion now as all
the smart people said and James comr
said something like this um
basically if James comr said that if he
were going to make a list of the top 10
crimes that Hunter committed his gun
crime wouldn't be on the top 10 because
they get all kinds of phah violations
and not paying his taxes and all kinds
of
stuff um
yeah
so anyway um do do all of you believe
that the gun conviction was just so they
could say nobody's above the law but
since Hunter wasn't possibly going to go
to jail and he could get pardoned by his
father any time uh Hunter seemed pretty
relaxed after being convicted for
something that could send them to jail
why do he seem relaxed because his only
problem was the court case itself that
it was he had to be there and go through
the business and pay for it that was his
problem he didn't really have a problem
of going to jail so once the felony
conviction was you know in the bag all
his problems were solved because he's
not going to jail and it'll be
fine so it does look exactly like
they're sacrificing him but not really
because he's not going to go to jail and
his reputation isn't going to get any
worse and do you think Joe Biden uh
feels bad that Hunter can't get a gun
now imagine you're the
father put yourself in Joe Biden's
position if you pardon him correct me if
I'm wrong but he can go get another gun
can he
no I guess he couldn't because he you'd
still be a well I don't know I'm not
sure I think he couldn't get another gun
but um it it certainly makes sense and
by the way I think that Trump should
pardon him I'd like to see Trump pardon
uh Hunter for this to to make a point
that we don't do
 just to make a point that part
are real and we don't do and I
think the Supreme Court should throw it
out because I don't because at the
moment you know I think 30 million
people are illegal how many people smoke
pot and also have a
gun think about it how many people smoke
pot let's say in a well it's federally
illegal everywhere so if you smoke pot
and you own a gun you could go to
jail he should be pardoned because the
law is too unclear is not one that we
should be
obeying I say and the number of
Republicans have agreed by the way
Thomas Massie said um he's not in favor
of that law and I'm I I I agree second
amendment has to Second Amendment has to
be above this and I get the reason you
don't want you know people who are
currently drug addicts to have guns but
you going have to do better if it's
including marijuana you got to throw it
out
all
right um I saw Jen weager he was
commenting on a Wall Street Journal
article uh that apparently says that the
head of Hamas senoir has a plan as Jen
characterizes it a plan to get Israel to
lose by getting them to believe they're
winning by how many Palestinians they
slaughter which would be Jen's word uh
so then he says well if it's true the
Hamas is trying to win by losing by
having the maximum amount of Palestinian
deaths if that's true per the Wall
Street Journal then why is Israel
falling right into his
trap and Jen asks why is the
Netanyahu helping Hamas execute their
exact plan which is you know maximum
casualties and I volunteered to answer
that question
so I replied to Jen I said this one is
easy Israel's enemies gave it a free
pass to do anything it
wants free pass so here's here's what I
mean no matter what Israel does in this
situation it's not really going to
change the level of hatred by its
enemies who are the dangerous ones and
the ones who aren't dangerous are not
dangerous so the people who wanted to
destroy Israel are not going to more
want to kill them like if their if their
enemies want to kill all Jews and expel
them from Israel or whatever it's
exactly the
same that Hamas was willing to like run
toward them you know firing and
slaughtering people and doing all that
it didn't get more they didn't get more
Angry so they had nothing to lose in
terms of the enemy's opinion of them and
nothing to lose in terms of the support
ERS of those enemies they were already
100% against Israel and that was their
mistake because because they gave Israel
a free
pass how about American support for
Israel well if you're following the news
you might say well you know they're
going to lose some American Sport and in
the long run that's really going to hurt
them nah probably not probably they're
not going to lose American support in
the long run they have a really good
relationship and you know APAC does a
good job Etc so they're not going to
lose support from the Allies that
matter most people don't care about it
one way or another
honestly and they're not going to make
any difference with how their enemies
feel about them under those conditions
you can do anything you want because you
have a free pass and what they want to
do is apparently reduce the number of
people who can shoot at them to zero and
that's what they're doing and they're
picking up the free money so why
wouldn't you take free money if somebody
hands it to you that's all that's
happening is that the bad guys said we
give you no way to win except for
killing us all so Israel said wait a
minute say that again yeah you have no
way to win unless you kill us
all so if I go ahead and try to kill you
all meaning the fighters not the
civilians
then I'm just doing the only thing that
I have a choice to do but I can also
maybe pick up some land and you know get
some benefits while I'm doing it that's
right okay then we'll just do the only
thing we can do that will make no
difference to anybody except we'll come
out ahead that's
right so here's what Hamas is doing
wrong if they never presented Israel
with a if you do less of this we'll do
less of that
proposition well then they might have
something to work with that might be
something to talk about but nothing like
that's happening their position is we
keep our guns and we attack you again
later as soon as we're strong
enough those people need to go away and
Israel is making them go away so no
don't expect Israel to negotiate when
the people that they would negotiate
with have said uh if you negotiate with
us you're just going to be a sucker
because later we'll come back and kill
you because that's the only thing we
care
about design is Destiny if you design a
system in which your enemy must kill you
and take your because it's the only
logical thing to do they're going to
kill you and they're going to take your
 don't complain to me about
it if you design a system that
guarantees that outcome and then you
watch it happen exactly like it would
happen on paper huh how about we give
you uh no
options yeah what what are you going to
do if we give you no options well if we
have no options I guess we'll do the one
thing we can do which is kill you
all it's not confusing it's not
confusing people make
peace when it's
possible if you're dealing with somebody
that says the more you kill us the more
we're going to be worth killing because
we'll be even angrier and try to kill
you harder
it's their only
choice stop giving people one choice and
then being puzzled about why they take
the one
choice anyway let's see if I missed
anything I feel like I
did there was something I was going to
tell you about that I did
not man I think I covered
it all right we're going to call that
good that ladies and gentlemen is all I
wanted to say today
the best show you're going to see today
everything else is a mere Shadow
imitation
um I I think the most boring thing about
today will be all of the Republicans
saying exactly the same thing about the
gun
conviction it's a diversion there were
worse
things uh the prosecutor was clearly
crooked because he first tried to get
him infinite uh permanent immunity
against all things which nobody gets and
it was stupid and it was rejected by the
judge and then when he came back
suddenly he's all about Law and Order
yes it was a
diversion it definitely was a diversion
and it definitely was the only thing
that could keep Hunter and a jail while
the Democrats could say see nobody's
Above the Law we told you it's all
fake the Dems are saying that Trump has
34 convictions and Hunter has one well
Hunter has three actually Hunter has
three but it's the same trick that they
use with Trump you know Trump has one
issue that they figured out he filled
out more than one form so they they give
him count on each
form oh and then it might yes good point
thank you for making that it also
creates a um a precedent for going after
Republicans with guns
so imagine imagine if you will that you
join the
NRA so the government if they needed to
could find out if you have a
gun and then suppose you also use social
media and maybe you've purchased
marijuana at a um at a
dispensary the dispensary would have a
record of you possibly unless you paid
cash and the NR would have a record of
you and then they would say huh here's
somebody who's buying weed on a regular
basis here's somebody who has a gun
according to the NRA let's check the
record to make sure they have a gun oh
yes they do ah I found a republican who
has a gun and uh has a record of buying
weed boom jail 25
years that could happen all
right G Gordon l has guns as a felon his
wife bought them oh my goodness does
that work I suppose if the gun is in the
house and you simply use your wife's gun
in it self-defense that's legal isn't it
listen to G Gordon
litty yeah give somebody else to buy you
a gun and store it at your
house just make sure you know what the
gun lock combination is you're probably
in good
shape all right don't take legal advice
from me because if you do you'll end up
in jail don't listen to any of that I'm
just speculating that Gord ly may have
found a clever workaround don't do it
though because you'll probably end up in
jail so listen to that last part all
right um everybody on the uh YouTube and
Rumble and next platforms I'm going to
say goodbye now see you that see you
tomorrow and I'm going to keep the
locals subscribers here for some
extra bye for
now let's see is this where there's the
20 second
delay I can't tell but I'm I'm stalling
in case there's a
delay
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for