boom bum bum bum bum bum bum bum it's
Friday and you know it goes well with
Friday coffee with Scott Adams and you
know what goes well with coffee with
Scott Adams coffee grab yours you can
get it quickly come on out I'll wait
okay you got it simultaneous sip oh is
it my imagination or is everything
starting to change there's a change in
the air isn't there don't you feel it
it's kind of cool I guess the president
will be giving a speech today about his
plans for lowering prescription drug
prices that might be good news we'll see
what he has in mind so but mostly today
I wanted to talk about this idea of ego
and narcissism I was thinking of this
because you probably saw this story
about JK Rowling tweeted that she never
believed in handwriting analysis until
three minutes ago because she saw
president Trump's signature which is as
big Jaggi ah big you know if it fills up
the page and apparently the handwriting
experts would say in there astrology
like way I don't think there's any
science to this but the handwriting
experts would say that that it means
that he's got a big ego and he's a
narcissist now let's just hold that
thought
so the idea is that President Trump is a
narcissist now a narcissist would think
if he had a big ego would think that he
could do things better than other people
that would be sort of a narcissist
so let me give you an example there was
also another story about how one of the
actors from Game of Thrones really big
guy forget his name but in his his non
acting life he had been he had been
trying to become the strongest person in
the world and I guess he approved that
by lifting the heaviest object or
something and and after three years of
trying he succeeded he's actually
literally according to whatever tests
they give to do this the strongest
person in the world is actually
literally the strongest person in the
world now three years ago
when the mountain as you're calling him
I think that might have been his Game of
Thrones name now three years ago when he
said to his friends you know I think I
think I could be the strongest man in
the world if I really put my mind to it
what it is friends say did they say Oh
you'ii go maniac you narcissist
strongest man wait a minute wait a
minute I believe I believe his I believe
maybe his critics sounded something like
this oh you're gonna be the strongest
man in the world in the world you are
gonna be the strongest man in the whole
world so good luck with that
scene and then three years later he's
the strongest man in the whole world now
was he an egomaniac
was he a narcissist or did he just know
what he could do and then he went and
did it let's get back to President Trump
when he was running for president with
no experience as a politician people
were saying oh my god the ego on that
man
the narcissist he thinks he can become
President of the United States with no
practice and then he became President of
the United States with no practice but
he doesn't get credit for that because
you know Russia and you know racists so
there had to be reasons he got elected
they had nothing to do with this skill
so then people started saying how he's
an egomaniac use of narcissists he
thinks he can get things done and do all
these things and now we have a 3.9
percent unemployment rate kind of what
he said he would do we're negotiating
with China and getting some headway
apparently some progress with
automobiles I think and you know maybe
there might be more we might see
progress in North Korea the kind that
nobody has ever been able to accomplish
now if North Korea goes right and if the
economy stays on track and those are
pretty good bets you know this point I'd
say those both look good could you say
the President Trump is a giant a
narcissist with an oversized ego or did
he call his shot and then just do it in
front of you did he tell you I can do
this thing and then he went and did it
right in front of you just like the
strongest man in the world solving North
Korea was it easy if it solved now
there's a some of you have already been
trying to prompt me to remember that
David Brooks the famous anti-trump er
wrote an article in The New York Times I
think today in which he pointed out what
I've pointed out in a number of times
which is the president Trump's facility
in dealing with bad actors you know
during his construction days he had to
deal with a lot of bad actors his
friends are like a pirate ship full of
you know criminals and
and other narrow do wells as well as
nice people and not all of his friends
are criminals and nerdy wells but he
seems to operate effortlessly with the
best and worst people and the
speculation and David Brooks column
which I agree with as they he's uniquely
qualified to deal with despots and
dictators and you know foul people of
every variety because he couldn't do it
he's got that skill he knew he had that
skill so this is my leading to my
whiteboard talk shall we go to the
whiteboard yes let's go to the
whiteboard I'm gonna pull in a few
disparate topics I'll pull it all
together if things go well so we're
having this conversation now about
waterboarding and we're seeing that the
nominee for the CIA Haspel
what's-her-name Haskell is being asked
you know what what is her moral
conviction about waterboarding now in a
public setting everybody's trying to be
nice and say the right things and not
get in trouble so nobody can say what is
the obvious answer to the question and
here's the obvious answer risk and moral
flexibility have a relationship and
should when your risk it goes up let's
say during 9/11 or the risk of North
Korea your moral flexibility goes up too
let me give you an example did the
waterboarding work to maybe prevent some
imminent terrorism or potential
terrorism well people who seem to know
are saying yes or at least probably yes
now at the moment our risk in the world
looks lower it just we just feels like
our risks at the moment or lower just
you know today
so today if you ask somebody would you
waterboard I think most people would say
no you know waterboarding is morally
inappropriate we won't do that but if we
had another 9 9/11 type situation if
North Korea was you know almost going to
attack us would we consider lying to you
know avoid a nuclear war yeah we would
lying's bad Liars immoral but you would
certainly be a little bit flexible if
you were avoiding a nuclear war now what
you can't say if you're being considered
for the top job in the CIA is that
dangerous times require a little bit of
moral flexibility because sometimes the
ends do justify the means if what you're
doing is avoiding a nuclear war for
example right a hundred percent of human
beings agree with what I just said but
98 percent of human beings will deny it
to the last breath in public because
nobody wants to say in public you know I
could get pretty morally flexible if I
had to right nobody can say that but
that's our underlying truth right now
I'm going to tie this into my next point
that the difference between what I would
call a loser strategy and a master
persuaders view of the world is that a
master persuader uses ego their own ego
as a tool right a loser says my ego is
Who I am it's very important right
here's how this plays out let's say
let's say that North Korea was going to
send a nuclear weapon our way and the
only way we could prove we can avoid it
was if our president lied and said hey
if you do that
we will do X or we're already doing
accident was the only way to avoid a
nuclear war was a lie well a lie is
morally objectionable okay but a master
persuader would just say my morality my
my ego the who I am part these are tools
and the tool right now I need is
whatever tool will prevent a nuclear
holocaust I'm using the extreme example
because it's easier the loser says well
I'm not a liar I'm not a liar my moral
code that's who I am you know me I can't
I can't I can't change who I am for the
world you know I gotta be true to myself
right the ego approach results in the
destruction of the world by nuclear
weapons in my weird exemplar in a more
and more down-to-earth example if you
were a candidate Trump and or you were
thinking about being a candidate the
first thing you would think of is you
know I am gonna get savaged if I run for
president the the level of criticism
that I will get will be off the chart if
you cared about your ego as who you are
you don't run for president you don't
because you don't want to have that kind
of pressure on who you are but if you
believe that your ego is just a tool
then people are gonna be criticizing the
tool you just take a step back and say
yeah there the criticism is outrageous
look at that criticism it's not really
about me it's about that it's about it's
just the things that are happening in
their head things that happen in other
people's heads are not me that's not who
I am the loser strategy says if people
are gonna think poorly of me don't do it
don't do it if people are gonna think
bad thoughts about me let's let's take
this also to the the idea of optimism
and the power of positive thinking right
president Trump famously his pastor I
say this all the time wrote the book the
power of positive thinking Norman
Vincent Peale was the author who
coincidentally was also the pastor of
trumps Church this idea of saying yeah
we can do this everything's going to be
great the world's going to be great
is a technique if you didn't know it's a
technique and you saw somebody say I can
solve North Korea I can solve a ram I'll
make your economy great I'll be your
president with no practice you'd say to
yourself what the hell is wrong with
this crazy guy that's insane
none of those things you're saying are
rational all right
but the persuader says it's just a tool
these are the things I say to become
president and then this is the same tool
I'll use while President to get done
those things I said I would get done now
even a year ago I couldn't have done
this whiteboard talk because it was
before you saw that these tools work you
saw him you saw Trump use the tools to
become president but that felt like a
little bit of a special case because
elections are such a you know a weird
human construct right but then then he
takes his skills to the messy world all
right now we see they work right that
that conclusion is hard to hard to miss
even for the critics critics the tools
work going back to Brooks's article
about how maybe President Trump is
uniquely qualified to deal with despots
because he's dealt with you know sketchy
people all of his life and successfully
again when President Trump deals with
some horribly sketchy a person it's not
who he is it's just a tool
that's just a way to get something done
so he doesn't have his ego in the game
when President Trump hangs out with his
friend Oh
who's the fight promoter Don King so if
you looked at Don King's Wikipedia page
you're gonna see some really bad stuff
there if you're concerned with your ego
how people saw you would you have him as
a friend probably not right but if you
were you know if you were system allowed
you to talk to everybody because you
just see you go as a tool okay you can
do it all right so let me give you
another example Kanye West I've called
him a master persuader Kanye West
everybody says my god Kanye what's wrong
with your ego what's wrong you're such a
narcissist why do you think you can be
president well it's the same it's the
same thing going on Kanye uses ego as a
tool he doesn't use it as who he is all
right so he goes out this this allows
Kanye did to simply do things that other
people wouldn't do imagine he the reason
that Kanye is Kanye is because with no
musical experience you know back in his
his origins he decided that he could do
this to become Kanye and then he just
went out and did it how big did your ego
have to be to imagine that you could
pull that off and then he did it right
Kanye has taken his reputation and just
torn it up and said I'll build the new
one I'll talk to Candace I'll talk to
you you retweeted me you know that can't
be good for his for his his reputation
Kanye was willing to completely destroy
his ego right in front of you I mean he
he set it on fire he took his ego out of
his head set it in front of the public
he set it on fire right in front of you
and he knew what it would take to have
you know what you call like a safe you
know nice reputation he knows what that
takes it's easy that's what everybody
else is doing he just didn't do that now
what did that get him he turned his ego
into a tool Kanye can talk to anybody
now because he's he's determined that
that's his that's his brand now that's
his space I'm gonna talk to anybody and
I'm gonna love anybody I want all right
hee-hee what looks to the let's say the
the less sophisticated observer is that
the best way to say it is that he's just
operating at it eco but when you see him
sacrifices he go completely every now
and then you see that he uses it as a
tool because it's no it's not a we set a
temp right he'll take his ego from 10:00
where it works to boost your his
confidence where it where it's it's sort
of a self-talk it's like yeah I can do
this I can make this happen watch this
I'll do five albums this year and and
announce my run for president and change
race relations in the country I'll do
that all this month and then you went
out and did it
right in front of you right so when you
see somebody you can take the rego from
a ten to a zero then back to a ten and
then back to a zero right in front of
you you can see it in real time that's
not somebody who says the ego is who
they are
that's somebody who's using it as a tool
all right so this relates a little bit
to the the torture point because if you
think that your ego is who you are and
your morality is sort of wrapped into
your ego then you say well there's
nothing I can do because
I'm a moral person I can't do the things
I need to do to waterboard a suspect to
lie to North Korea if that's what it
takes I don't know that we've lied to
North Korea but if if hypothetically we
had to so the losers say I'm locked into
my little world I can't get out my ego
is who I am you can identify these
people because they're the ones who
troll me yeah and people like me so if
you look at my Twitter feed you'll see
the people who said even even recently
as recently as yesterday and today
people say you can't retweet that person
yes I can you can't you can't support
Kanye because maybe you don't agree with
all of his political preferences if he's
even figured out his political
preferences well yes I can I can do
anything with my ego because it's just a
tool I don't I know use it that's who I
am
so you've I think you've probably
noticed the degree of criticism that I
get on social media I think you've all
seen it I mean you've seen done on these
periscopes have you noticed how little
it seems to bother me now you could be
confused by the fact that I so enjoy
interacting with my trolls for example
one of my critics today on social media
on Twitter said that I look like the
Skeletor now first of all it's not far
off yeah as insults go I'm never I'm
never as bothered by one that's actually
clever and I thought to myself Skeletor
it's not bad it's pretty bad yeah that's
pretty good
but I of course responded back you'd
have to see the picture because it's
this guy with this long scraggly hair
and scraggly beard and wasn't too
attractive himself and he was he was
mocking my look
so I responded back the he reminded me
of something I pulled that on my shower
drain
now did I enjoy that interaction yes I
did it fueled me right so where his
insults would bother someone who had an
ego that they believed was them imagine
if you thought your ego was you and then
somebody in public calls you Skeletor
how would you feel well you feel
terrible because like oh my god that's
my ego is just who I am
and and and who I am just got compared
to Skeletor that's pretty bad but when I
heard it I first of all laughed and then
I used it for fuel I thought how can I
respond to that this will be fun and
then I came up with a clever response at
least clever enough for to entertain
myself which is which was the goal there
and it sort of lifted me up a little bit
right so I used my ego as a tool I use
it just for refueling in this case it
was just a refueling stop ah critic this
will be fun refuel all right
so consistently if you look around the
people the people around you and you see
the people who were not trying something
risky those are the people who believe
that their ego is who they are those are
the people who would not stand in front
of a group with any risk of
embarrassment though the people who
won't apply for a job because they might
get turned down the people who won't you
know ask somebody out because they might
get a no the people who want to ask for
the sale because they think they're not
going to get the right answer because
any of these negative results are who
they are and you don't want to have a
fight with yourself you know you don't
want to degrade yourself so you avoid
those situations if you look at each of
the things which I have six
look at the pattern here with no
experience as a cartoonist I decided to
switch from the corporate world to
cartooning you can imagine what all of
my friends said about that idea didn't
look like it was too likely right but I
using the the norman vincent peale
mindset full of optimism i said yes if i
fail at this this would be terribly
embarrassing to people like this but i'm
not one of them if i fail the failure
lives on its own it's not me I'm the guy
who learned something so Who I am is a
person who tried something hard if it
worked great and it did work you know
cartooning worked out for me if it
didn't work I would be the guy who tried
something that was risky lived through
it and learned something I win both ways
so I've got no investment of ego in this
thing except maybe on the upside I feel
good when I transition to be a public
speaker I was terrible at it and I
embarrassed myself quite substantially
in front of the big crowd the first time
I tried and other times I have also
embarrassed myself in front of crowds
but I worked on it and you know when I
was actively doing a lot of speaking
that was probably one of the top public
speakers in the country and one of the
top paid so I got there eventually but I
was never stopped by the fact that my
you know that I was criticized or went
through a what would have been a
humiliating experience if I saw myself
as my ego I don't it's just the tool
right and likewise when I transitioned
from you know that world into talking
about politics use all the all the
criticisms that I took did any of those
criticisms slow me down nope
because I'm not my ego ego is my tool
and so I said to myself I can do this
thing writing about politics that I've
never done and have no experience I have
no credibility and will be mercilessly
mocked to me that was just a Tuesday all
right so ask yourself if your ego is
helping you or holding you back you're
gonna see this everywhere like in in
your life you're gonna recognize that
almost all of your obstacles are this
when I see somebody who succeeds versus
someone who doesn't if they have let's
say similar skills it's usually this
that the people who who hit a ceiling
and can't go past it it's usually an ego
ceiling that's what I see
there's a prison reform bill that passed
in Congress did that just happen I'll
have to check that out all right let's
get a little feedback was this useful
did anybody get anything out of this
while I'm reading your answers I'll
answer the question that came by how did
I become a better speaker the quick
answer is I took the Dale Carnegie
course which teaches you to be
comfortable
in front of people the second part of
the answer is practice and the third
part of the answer is what I was talking
about the the not letting my ego stopped
me from doing things that would
certainly be embarrassing it's one thing
to take a chance on something that might
be embarrassing it's a different if it's
a different thing to take a chance that
absolutely will be embarrassing oh good
all right so I'm getting lots of good
comments and I think I'll keep this one
short I'm using the money that people
are donating to my patreon account you
can just go to patreon and look me up as
Scott Adam says same same name I used on
Twitter I use that to fund trans
assistant now I'm paying to translate
these into podcasts so it's audio only
and maybe put on YouTube later I'm not
sure but that's what patreon is going
toward so if you'd like to see this sort
of message get a wider audience that's
what the patreon account is for and I
will talk to all of you maybe later
today but soon bye