hey everybody come on in here Wow is it
my imagination or do you get
better-looking every day I think you do
it's because you're smarter
you're more fit you're just sort of a
better person than you used to be it's
going in the right direction good work
on that but if you'd like to make your
day even better then it already is I've
got a suggestion for you and it's
something called the simultaneous it but
it doesn't take much all it takes is a
cup or a mug or glass of tanker
chelators time in a canteen and chug our
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the dopamine here the day
the thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous go uh-huh that's good
that's good so looking good all right
well there's not too much new to talk
about this is one of those weird news
days that follows a big big news events
where you just run out of news I'm sure
there are important things happening but
they don't seem important because the
other news is so big so we'll run
through a few things and first of all
one of the one of the questions that
people always ask me is how can you be a
trump supporter or Scot they often try
to shame me by saying stuff like Scot
you're smart how can you be a trump
supporter which of course is just
another way to insult me and I always
have the same story but the story
doesn't always sound as clear and we'll
say rational as it does this week so
here's my story and it goes like this
there's no such thing as the ideal
president each president brings a
different package of skills to the
office and if that package of skills
happens to be a good match with the
situation good match with the times
could match with the specific challenges
well then it looks like you got a good
president but it's really only a good
president who's perfectly matched with
the current challenges and what I've
said about Trump is that he's a he's a
he's like a hundred year flood he's the
candidate the only get in the rarest
situations you could ever have a
president Trump and the rarest situation
is that he also had the skill to become
president on top of whatever else other
skills he brings so what I've said is
that there's this there are certain set
of problems that become ossified just
sort of stuck and and if you've got a
certain set of problems that have been
stuck and they've been stuck for years
or decades or something maybe you can't
fix the stuck problems with the same
president who was pretty good at let's
say getting you an of economic decline
or maybe the same president who was a
good wartime president or the same
president who was really good at I don't
know
social services or bringing you know
less division to the country you could
think of a lot of things you want your
president to do and they'd all be good
at certain subsets of that but every now
and then and maybe it's every hundred
years you really need somebody like
Trump who simply just changes all the
variables yeah he's the ultimate box of
Shaker ask yourself if anyone else would
have done what Trump did with Iran I'll
think so right is it can you imagine any
of our standard presidents being
presented with it with a range of
options about what to do with Iran and
picking kill their top guy who else
would have picked that option
nobody literally no one would have ever
picked that option he's the only guy
that's the point of a trump presidency
nobody says he's not gonna break any
dishes
nobody says he's not gonna make people
angry
nobody says he's not gonna scare some
people
nobody says it's cost afraid it's gonna
be exciting every time you add Trump to
a situation and that excitement can
translate to I'm afraid I've got risk
I've got PTSD so he's definitely a
changer and every now and then you need
somebody who can make that you can make
the choices simply make the choices that
no one else could make and he's
certainly that guy now I would go so far
as to say just to complete this that the
president who follows this president
doesn't need to be anything like him and
maybe that's good so somebody was saying
about Kanye for 2024 it might be that
this president breaks free some of the
big problems I mean let's just imagine
imagine if you will that we get a some
kind of a either some trade deals with
China but mostly we decouple that's good
I suppose we reach some kind of better
or less
less-lethal understanding with North
Korea and Iran maybe the only thing that
changes is whether we're at each other's
necks but that's big you know if there's
some kind of stable situation there and
they're not by our enemies that's pretty
good so you could imagine in time that
the president after this one would would
be best if they had the different set of
skills for whatever the new problems are
so that's just the point
and I think that the taking out of
Sullivan E is the central best example
of why every hundred years
you need a Trump you need to chop every
hundred years to just break the stuff
that
was frozen you know you got that pipe
you can't can't get it open
sometimes you just gotta take the you
know the the torch and just cut the
pipes off so he's that guy and so far
seems to be working out on some of the
big issues all right so it looks like
have you heard there's this there's this
thing called an impeachment trial it's
not a real impeachment and it's not a
real trial and it really has no
importance to anything whatsoever but
it's the top headline how did it come to
be that our top headline is something
that's not even real and by not real I
mean it's not much of a trial if you
already know how it ends it's not much
of a process if everybody knows what the
end state is and you don't need any of
the in-between states to get to the end
state there's no mystery in this one
unless something new happens and if
something new happens well that would be
news but unless something new happens
it's the impeachment that isn't an
impeachment for the trial that isn't a
trial and the witnesses that won't be
called for the decision we already
understand what it's going to be the
there's almost nothing there it's like
it's like a bowl of soup
except you put the spoon in and there's
no there's no soup
you've got the bowl you get the spoon
it's lunchtime
you've got everything but the soup and
and and we're all just like taking big
spoonfuls of nothing it's like I got
another bite full of nothing how much
more nothing is in my bowl
well according to CNN is full ah that's
a lot of nothing
why do what why am I not getting filled
up I keep eating with nothing do you eat
soup or you drink it and it's a big
question
all right so impeachment is so boring I
don't have anything to say about it
except those boring tomorrow if I talk
about impeachment I'll probably talk
about how boring it is okay somebody
reminded me about the story about Paul
all right so paul krugman famous no
winner of the Nobel in economics and
also a big anti-trump er who's famous
for some bad predictions one of his bad
predictions is that Trump would tank the
economy upon election that didn't happen
so there are a lot of Trump supporters
who are not big fans of Paul Krugman so
that's the context you have to know
before I tell you the rest of the story
so if you haven't heard Paul Krugman
tweeted and this is the part that's got
everybody scratching their head
why would he tweet this that I that
there had been some hack with his
computer and that someone else had been
using his IP address to make it look
like it was him and downloading child
porn
I'm only gonna use that phrase once
because I get D monetized enough so he
tweets that they that they've discovered
this on his computer and they're looking
into it and and of course as one the
Internet said why did you tweet that is
that isn't that exactly the sort of
thing you shouldn't tweet because if we
never heard about it it didn't happen
and wouldn't it be better if we never
heard about it
so I would like to surprise you all and
by the way he did an update later where
he said he thought it was not a hack but
rather it was some kind of a scam where
maybe somebody said they hacked him or
something like that so he withdrew his
original tweet and thought it was maybe
some kind of a scam contact the gallic
house we don't know the details
doesn't matter here's my point allow me
now to do what you don't expect I'm
going to defend Paul Krugman's all right
when he's right he's right when he's
wrong he's wrong I'll try to call him
out equally I have nothing against Paul
Krugman he's a brilliant guy we've got a
few predictions wrong he's on the other
side
but I'm sure he doesn't what was worse
for the country none of us do all right
so we're all we're all Americans let me
defend Paul Krugman here
some people said why would you bring up
the fact that your computer had been
associated with the worst crime you
could possibly imagine when we didn't
even have to think about it or know
about it and here's your answer the
answer is because Paul Krugman is smart
at least in this sense he's smart I
would have done maybe the same thing
here's why he was presented with two
impossible choices
remember he works for a newspaper
organization the New York Times and they
were looking into it for him probably I
don't know if it was on a work computer
or something but the New York Times was
involved and the police were involved
and he's a famous person here's the
question what were the odds that this
story wasn't going to get down with some
other way well maybe as possible the
story would never have come out and in
that case we would just never hear about
it maybe what it might it might leak how
would you like to have to catch up to a
story after it leaked by somebody else
suppose the story came out that there
had been an investigation of this
material which I'm not going to say
again on his computer and then after the
story comes out Paul Krugman would be
forced to defendant oh no no it was all
it was a hack it was a hack it was a
scam would you believe it what would be
your your credibility of that story well
if you heard his defense some time after
you heard the accusation you probably
say 2 to 1 3 to 1 the accusation is
correct just automatically just your
brain would go there because we're sort
of primed to believe that anyone who's
accused of anything it doesn't matter
what the crime is you're sort of poised
to believe 3 2 1 4 2 1 it's probably
true not necessarily still innocent
proven guilty but three to 141 probably
true now now look at it the way he did
it it was so crazy to come out and be
the first person to tell the public that
this story is even happening that your
first impression is oh well it is
sketchy it's a little sketchy and you
know you get a little suspicious when
you hear the topic in general if you
prepare any male adult with this topic
which I'm not going to mention again you
automatically think well there's maybe
something to it but the fact that he
went first went public and you knew it
was an embarrassing thing to bring up at
all biases me to think that there is you
know four to one ten to one whatever
that is not true that they had nothing
to do with him but rather that he was
telling a real story about something
that happened to him so he had two
terrible choices one he could go public
himself which was terrible or he could
not go public himself and take the risk
that somehow he got out another way
way worse way worse
so you basically had a choice of you
know his leg was trapped in the bear
bear trap and he could chew off his own
leg to get away or he could stay in the
bear trap and die maybe if nobody found
him he chewed off his leg to get away I
can't fault him for that
he had two horrible choices just
horrible choices I think he took the one
that had the best risk management
balance so I defend Paul Krugman for
going public with it it was kind of
ballsy and I think he correctly read the
risk management of it what do I always
tell you about economists I always tell
you economists are good at looking at
the comparison if you do not look at the
comparison you say what the heck are you
doing Paul Krugman why would you say
this in public and make us all think
this about you when we never had to
think it and the answer
as he compared it to the alternative
which was worse economists gotta love
them Ted Cruz accused some of the
Democrats of being apologists for Iran I
hate that word I hate it when people
call me an apologist for anything and I
hate it when Ted Cruz uses it against
the other side I just I think that's
it's a good it's a good let's say
persuasion word because it probably has
some impact on people so persuasion wise
it does have an impact it's one of those
words that really bothers the people who
hear it I know when I hear it it bothers
me it's not like other insults because
it's not true when somebody insults me
about something that I feel is a little
bit true it kind of never bothers me you
know what I mean but I don't have to
tell you how many times I've been called
old ugly boomer you know i I've been
called a lot of things but when somebody
says hey you're ugly I think to myself
Wow well that's not totally untrue
energy that doesn't bother me but when
somebody calls me an apologist when I
know that I'm doing a pretty rigorous
job of trying to look at both sides
calling out the negatives and the
positives it really bothers me because
it's not true so likewise when I get
called a racist or anything that's just
not true that bothers me more than
something that I say well okay that's
just your opinion I can see why you'd
say that so I hate that word we should
ban it the other thing that the other
thing that Ted Cruz is talking about he
got challenged on this claim that Obama
gave a hundred and fifty billion or or
one point a billion to Iran are you as
confused as I am I had to go google this
because I didn't know what the hell was
going on
so here's what's confusing me there are
two things I hear in the news all the
time not from authoritative sources but
people on Twitter etc and they say
something like this Obama gave Iran a
hundred and fifty billion dollars also
separately
Obama gave them one point eight billion
dollars and I say to myself wait a
minute
which is the number is it 1.8 billion
which doesn't sound like that much you
know in the big scheme of things or is
it 150 billion which totally sounds like
a lot how many of you know did we give
her an 1.8 billion or did we give them
150 billion or did we give nobody
anything because it was their own money
and we just allowed them we stopped
stealing it basically two different
things all right thank you Oh some of
you are actually way more informed than
I am
good well this is actually good I'm
actually impressed I'm impressed with
how well informed all of you are so most
of you are giving the correct answer
which is it was two separate things
although they're similar in the sense
that it both had to do with money
to Iran they used to be blocked but now
it isn't so the 1.8 million was the
actual physical cash that we directly
gave them the 150 billion was more
conceptual meaning that around the
country around the world there was a
hundred and fifty billion it wasn't all
us the United States blocking it it
wasn't all clear if it was all free and
clear or some of it was related to debt
and once the economists look at that 150
it starts shrinking so it's not uh well
150 is the highest net other people say
the estimate is not 150 it's more like a
hundred and then other experts say well
yeah even if it's more like a hundred it
probably won't all get unblocked because
it's a series of different reasons and
situations so
maybe some of the hundreds of billion
will get unblocked Iran put the estimate
at 35 so that hundred and fifty billion
turned into 35 billion when Iran talks
about it but when people use hyperbole
they picked the biggest number 150
what's the real number was it between 35
and 150 billion does anybody even know
all right but these big numbers let me
put this in in context the GDP of Iran
is 450 billion or let that's the 2017
number so somewhere in that area under
five hundred billion so if the amount
that we gave them was just the cash that
would just be 0.04 of their GDP wouldn't
be much if it was thirty-five billion as
the Iranian say it would be seven
percent of their annual in GDP now
you're talking some serious money and if
it was 150 billion it's like a third of
their entire GDP and that's serious
serious serious money now what Ted Cruz
was challenged with is that that money
went directly to to bad uses such as
funding their proxies etc now he was
challenged by whoever it was we
interview him challenged him and said
basically you know this is my own words
but basically how do you know that money
that specific money went to the proxies
and all the bad uses like how do you
know that - which Ted Cruz said and I
love me some Ted Cruz sometimes because
whether you agree with Ted Cruz or not
whether you think you should be
President or not he's a really smart guy
all right I think we could all agree on
that right he's one of the smarter guys
and in the Senate and his answer was
that money is fungible how many of you
know what that means without looking it
up tell me how many of you know what he
meant when he said money is fungible
it's an economics term and you don't
hear it a lot I use it I use it when I
want to show off but I only use it when
I know I'm going to have to explain it
because most people don't know what the
word means
somebody said Friedman said it yeah so
let me explain what fungible means
fungible means that could be used for
anything
meaning that oil and cash are both
fungible meaning that if you have some
cash you can spend it for anything if
you have some oil the oil can be sold to
anybody you know everybody buys oil so a
barrel of oil and a pile of money are
called fungible because they could use
for all kinds of different purposes not
just one purpose so that was Ted Cruz's
answer that money is fungible but it was
a clever answer because the reporter
probably didn't know what it meant what
are the odds that a journalist
understood this economic term that is
fungible because it made the question go
away which is kind of brilliant because
it was a smart answer people probably
had to look it up when they did look it
up they said oh well okay that's a good
point that that money is fungible but
here's what they won't catch in the
argument is that it wasn't an argument
because it was actually an argument
against what Ted Cruz was saying not for
what he was saying in other words Ted
Cruz debunked his own argument and still
made it look like the opposite of that
because people don't wanna believe if
you know that fungible means money can
be spent for anything that was the
reporters point the reporters point is
this money went to Iran it went in their
central a bucket of money their budget
and then separately always separately
and and this is this is an important
economic sturm completely separately
there was a new decision what do we want
to spend our money on not just that
money but all of it what's our budget so
in a real sense that money did not go
directly to malign activities
but it is true they had a little extra
money now the the so this is so it is
only true that Iran is a certain size
they have a certain budget and if you
add a little to it they've got a little
extra money it's not so true that that
money went right to Hezbollah or
something but in an indirect way I guess
it did now this is one of those
arguments that people try to shade and
and they try to win with persuasion if
you try to win with facts it's just we
we release some of their own money it
went into their budget and then they
made some decisions about what to do
with it we don't like some of their
decisions could they have done
everything that they did anyway without
that money that we gave them and the
answer is yeah yeah they could have they
could have done everything they did
without that money they just would have
had to cut the budget somewhere else or
found out another way to make money
alright nobody cared about that now how
about this briefing on the on how
imminent the attack was if we had not
taken down Solomon II the Pompeo and
Trump had said that it was obvious that
we had Intel that there was an imminent
attacks coming so it's a good thing we
took him out because it saved us from
those imminent attacks on American
people and assets but of course we the
public cannot see the secret secret top
secret Skippy like information so we are
relying on the people who have the very
special people who can see it some of
the very special people who can see that
information include much to the
unhappiness of the administration Rand
Paul and Senator Lee Rand Paul comes out
of the secret secret Skippy location and
says I didn't see any evidence of an
imminent imminent attack I was there I
was in the secret gif room I I don't
know if it was asked if it was wherever
was they did the briefing I'm just
throwing this gif in there
because it's a funny word so he kept
sounding the meeting saying nope there
was nothing good that meeting was said
there was an imminent attack
it was just generalities and stuff I've
read in the newspaper who do you believe
who do you believe do you believe Mike
Pompeo who said oh yeah definite
information about imminent attack or
when he showed all of the information
and others did to Rand Paul Rand Paul
said nope no information there I'm
looking at it I'm listening to you and
I'm seeing no information who do you
believe well the quick answer is Rand
Paul okay if you ever say let me say
this Rand Paul is rapidly becoming a
national treasure you need you need
dissenters of that caliber here's the
highest quality dissenter that we might
have in this country although you know
I'm not gonna muddy this up by saying
that there's some on the left who are
good dissenters as well I won't name
names but but Rand Paul is a
high-quality dissenter and what that
means is that even when I disagree with
him he looks like he's honest even when
I disagree with him he's got a reason
and it's solid for why he's on the other
side
that's high-quality dissent I loved even
when I disagree with him and now
somebody's saying Rubio believed it etc
all right let me get back to my analogy
you're gonna be sick of this one two
people are in a room closed room one of
them says look at that elephant the
other one in a small room looks around
and says there's nothing in this room
it's just us there's no elephant which
one is right it's the one who doesn't
see the elephant not a hundred percent
of the time but it's a pretty reliable
rule
hallucinations are positive they're not
subtraction the person who doesn't see
the elephant is not subtracting an
elephant from their environment and not
seeing it but it is very common for
somebody to add an elephant and see
something that isn't there seeing
something that isn't there is common not
seeing something that is there when
you're looking right at it I mean Rand
was in the room heard the same stuffs
all the same stuff as everybody else
didn't see it who do you believe let's
say there are 90 people who see it and
one doesn't who do you believe if it's
Rand Paul I'm gonna go with Rand Paul
and at least meaning that at least he
has a good argument that is not there
now there could be some subjectivity
because these things always are now
here's where I disagree with Rand Paul
so again I just love the hell out of the
fact that he's so good at this being a
dissenter a patriotic deception let's
say and I would say an ethical dissenter
to here's why ps-aguié them it doesn't
matter a bit whether that evidence was
solid or not it has no impact or
anything the fact that so many had 20
solid years of doing that kind of thing
is all the evidence I need that he might
do it again do you need more here's your
situation solemnly solemnly as a 20-year
record of doing this sort of thing and
he was doing this sort of thing recently
this week and the rate of this sort of
thing was increasing do you need more
evidence do you need evidence of this
specific future thing he was gonna do I
sure as hell don't need any of that why
would you need that
you don't need that so of course we had
all the justification we needed to take
him out and the president made the right
call I think him you know maybe they
tried to bolster their case a little too
hard by saying that you know it was
imminent threat maybe they felt they
needed to say that for the public's
benefit both for my benefit you did not
for my benefit
his track record told you everything you
needed to know about the likelihood of
future attacks and it was hi
I said that's the whole story the
likelihood of future attacks was high
without any information about future
attacks saw you did it how surprised are
you that the initial reports that the
Ukraine airline that went down after
taking off from Tehran during the
missile attack or shortly after I guess
how surprised are you that Ukraine has
withdrawn its initial opinion that it
was mechanical failure surprised nobody
I don't think we have to wonder if that
got taken down by an Iranian action
because I happened over Turan so it
wasn't us it wasn't the Russians it was
in the airspace near Turan Tehran Tehran
I can never pronounce Tehran so sooner
or later we're gonna find out that
probably some missile defense went wrong
which is horrible
all right at the end of yesterday's
we'll get to this later that what do you
think of Trump's slurring of his speech
during his statement about Iran was that
yesterday time has just changed for me
it was yesterday seem so long ago was it
yesterday and it feels like yesterday
was so long I guess it was
so when Trump did a statement about Iran
and he slurred some words several words
actually he slurred and it was it was
very noticeable you couldn't you
couldn't not notice it and I didn't see
much reporting about it on the news
there's probably a little bit but you
saw in a social media people were were
brutal and often in the comments if you
said anything positive about the outcome
the comments would be but he's slurring
his words he's obviously losing
what's what's wrong with you how can you
not see it to which I responded he was
literally up all night preventing World
War 3 and he's in his seventies if
you're in your seventies and you're up
all night literally I imagine I can't
imagine you slapped I mean could you go
to sleep if you were the president and
you would maybe just created World War 3
I don't think you go to sleep
not that night you know maybe later but
not that night so you show me a guy in
his mid 70s who can stay up all night
worrying about personally starting World
War 3 personally like you personally hey
looks like you started World War 3 if
you can get to sleep that night well
there's something wrong with you you
probably a sociopath I mean you would
have to be a sociopath to get to sleep
that night and so if he slurs his words
during a rally I'm gonna worry because
if you know he's gonna plan for a rally
he know he's done in a million times
he's not nervous about it you know he
got a good night's sleep but in this
case you know he did not have a good
night's sleep and he acted exactly like
a guy well let me put this way I joked
on Twitter that if you're up all night
worrying about starting World War three
it would make you the energy equivalent
of Jeb Bush by the next day and you
notice the during his speech he was very
subdued and low-energy he looked
exhausted and he should have been you
should have been exhausted I'd be a
wouldn't you be more worried if he if he
had been well-rested let me just think
about that imagine he had looked
completely well-rested after an evening
in which World War 3 was on the line
wouldn't that be a little more worrisome
I don't want a well-rested president
when World War 3 is on the line
I don't think World War 3 was ever on
the line but the stakes are I
all right
have you noticed there's there's
probably no better example at least so
far of how our republic has shifted so
we used to be a republic that's you know
I say this a lot we were formed as a
republic but a social media has kind of
taken over the role of what the
government used to do now of course
Trump alone apparently made the decision
about taking out and Solomon eh but
that's one of those you know secret
things that the public couldn't
participate in anyway and should but the
decision after that about how to respond
whether to go to war with Iran etc is it
my imagination or was the decision made
by social media think about it was the
decision made by social media and I'm
gonna even narrow that more was the
decision to go to war with Iran or how
we deal with them etc made by our
politicians directly or was it made by
Twitter and the Twitter users I would
argue that Twitter made it impossible to
go to war I don't think the president
wanted to go to war anyway but in terms
of who's running in the country it felt
a lot like it was Twitter now you could
say the news organizations are a big
part of it and they are but even the
news organizations in my opinion follow
Twitter they follow the dominant voices
on Twitter of dominant opinions it seems
to me therefore the big decisions
Twitter has is evolving into sort of a
national brain in other words there's a
there's almost like a mind of forming
which is the collection of all the
Twitter users and I'm not counting
Facebook and Instagram because they're
different kinds of platforms the
political stuff really gets concentrated
on Twitter so it's the political mind
anyway of of the country and
to his credit and I say this is a
positive is very tapped in to what
social media is saying and very tapped
him towards Fox News and the other news
are saying but I would argue that the
news follows social media now they they
break the stories but how they talk
about the stories often gets informed by
how people are responding to the stories
on social media if they want more of
this or less of that they get the
response so just look for that look for
that that the the twitter has formed a a
national brain which is the sum of all
its parts and that it's running the show
and that our government has to be
responsive to it can still make
decisions that the social media doesn't
care about or can't know about because
it's secret but the the amount of
decisions that our elected officials are
making let's say independently is
shrinking whereas the influence of
Twitter as a as a whole as a brain if
you will is increasing
yeah twitter is global but in terms of
what I'm talking about it tends to
operate more nationally at the end of I
just have to bring up this topic again
because it's blowing my mind
so if you watch my periscope for a few
days ago I was talking about how in my
opinion I was predicting that the future
was wearing a ring and the ring would
have a little little speaker in it that
you could talk to your digital
assistants everything you could control
your environment and that everything was
going to go toward a ring the very next
day apparently a CSCS Amazon announced
this ring that works with their digital
system and has a button and has a little
little microphone in it
and what are the odds of that I mean
that was that's been blowing my mind all
day
I just want to point that out that was
sort of the simulation winking at me let
me summarize this whole situation with a
read this way I believe that more and
more people are going to be saying what
I said very early on this the Salomon a
was the real power in Iraq and that the
Ayatollah was sort of unable to overrule
Salomon a too-sami on the security
services and the entire military and had
the loyalty of the troops and and I my
guess is if it's like every other
situation where you've got two powerful
people they both wish that they had been
the one in power I've got a feeling that
Khomeini does not have the same hardline
instincts as the guy we just took off
the field and if I had to guess I'm
gonna guess that he's going to be more
flexible
now there's reporting I don't know how
reliable it is that Iran has already
told their proxies to stand down now it
might be their only standing down for
now so you don't know that that's
permanent of course or even that they
can control them on hundred-percent but
everything is looking positive
everything that's currently happening
looks very very positive in terms of
Iran and the United States being able to
work something out but it also has to be
said that if Iran had no intention of
being positive whatsoever this would be
the perfect time to fake it until they
can you know just get the current
tensions behind us so you can't tell yet
if they're faking it or it's real but
everything they're doing is consistent
with something positive at least being
possible so I'm not gonna rule it out
and here's the other overriding
consideration company is 80 years old
I don't think age can be ignored because
when you're 80 you're thinking about
your you
last play you're thinking about your
legacy does come any want to die
or even be in his final year of life
with a situation where he's at war and
he's destroyed his own country
probably not does he want to be at peace
both in his country and and with himself
in his final years probably cell war is
more of a young man's game and the young
man was just taken off the field the
general I have a feeling that age alone
may have mellowed this guy and I think
that the death of Solomon a which I
believe he did not mourn remember it's
it's a big tell that that they consider
us even after we took out the number one
or number two guy in their country and
all they did is send some bombs into the
some missiles into the desert that's it
and then they said we're even
does it sound does it sound like an
Iranian trait to give up does it sound
like an Iranian trait to say oh you
killed our most important guy yeah we
threw some missiles into the desert or
even does that sound like something they
would do if they really really cared
about this guy that we killed doesn't it
sounds sounds it's not mind-reading it's
speculation it's very different mind
reading says you know what they're
thinking
speculation means you know you're just
doing the odds well they're probably
thinking this or they might be thinking
this and here's the evidence why I think
that speculation is fine mind reading
where you're sure you know what they're
thinking is just crazy so it's the
certainty that's the problem not not the
speculation speculation is always like
so my speculation is is this might be
heading in a positive direction because
Iran is not acting in any way like they
give a that this guy's dead you
know that the size of the crowds
doesn't mean anything really doesn't
it's the way the leadership responds
that matters all right so I think we're
having the positive way did Khomeini
soften when he got older well we also
don't know who is running running things
when the last Ayatollah was in charge so
I got lots of questions about that and
and by the way I remember in speculation
you're only playing the odds so if you
say to yourself there was a another old
person who stayed hardcore until the end
well that could be true we're only
talking about the odds then most Wars
tend to be started by uh and actually
here's that's a good question wouldn't
let me ask this question all right
here's a good question for historians
are there any historians watching answer
this questions name and 80-plus year-old
leader who has started a war that wasn't
already started right there are probably
plenty of wars that were underway
what about japan's yamamoto how old was
he
so are there examples in history of 80
year olds as starting wars world war one
who was it who was started in the war in
World of one I'm not sure that there was
one person who started war Brezhnev in
Afghanistan was Brezhnev 80 yeah there
not many 80 year olds I thought you said
history wasn't predictive it is not
history is not predictive but they can
teach us things so certainly we can
learn let's say saw history that's more
like science if you did a study and you
found that you know all the butterflies
did this or that it might tell you
something about future butterflies if
you do a study about all the people have
certain age and they only do things only
happen at a certain age that's not so
much about history that's more about
people so what I've always said is that
people are people but history doesn't
repeat necessarily I mean it could by
accident but not necessarily Ho Chi Minh
he didn't really start the war did he so
that's just a question for the
historians and for now I will I see
people saying world war one but can they
be said that there was one person who
started World War one I don't know all
right it's a question for the historians
get back to me on that and I'll talk to
you later