good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
col coffee with Scott Adams and pretty
sure you've never had a better time this
is a special uh Easter
edition is it all right if I call it the
Easter
edition will I will my ESG score go down
or anything I don't I don't know how
anything works anymore but if you'd like
to take this experience in a dangerous
way up to levels that nobody can even
understand all you need for that is a
copper mro glass a tankered chal iron a
canteen jugg flaska vessel of any kind
filler with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopam me of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous
siing happens now
go ah audio is looking good lighting
good I feel like everything's going our
way
do you feel that yet do you feel it
everything's going our
way I think you do yeah well I got
stories and oh we got insights stories
and insights anybody up for some stories
and insights raise your hands okay good
good looks like we have a
quorum well let's start with uh this
important story that uh Arizona has
declared Pluto it's official state
Planet H well some say it's not a planet
but I don't want to get into that it
just made me wonder if Arizona is going
to take Pluto you know there not that
many planets left so I think the other
states need to get on
this um I was trying to think what would
be the perfect planet for
California let's see sidewalks full of
feces Uranus Uranus so I'm going to
suggest that California uh adopt its
sister s sister planet
Uranus I think that's the right
fit there's a New York City Democrat
who's asking where are the men because
of all the violence in the streets and I
guess she's concerned that that the men
are not protecting the women on the
streets
huh huh well I guess the penny finally
dropped
St uh if you'd like to take a moment to
uh describe that joke to whoever you're
with who didn't understand how is that
funny the penny dropped I don't even
understand what does currency have to do
with this story in any possible way
Daniel Penny the hint is Daniel
Penny yeah as long as Daniel P Penny's
in jail I don't think any man should
save any
woman no I'm kidding if you see somebody
in trouble do something about it but you
can certainly
understand why men would want to stay
involved if I saw a fight on a
subway I don't know what it would take
to get
involved I mean I really don't I mean I
would like to think that I would be a
normal human Citizen and get involved if
I saw somebody in trouble but I don't
think I would you know if I saw somebody
fighting it out on the subway I
definitely wouldn't if it's
men if if it's women I'd have to really
think hard about it because helping
means I go to
jail right helping means I go to jail so
you you end up in this weird situation
where you're thinking all right okay
maybe she'll get a broken
nose but that's probably better than me
going to jail I mean she'll get over the
broken nose yeah you'll end up making
like just AB absurdly immoral decisions
there's your New York city so you get
what you vote
for there's that well this will be the
surprise you've never imagined could
happen can you believe that 60 Minutes
is planning to do I guess I would be
today a hit piece on uh the self-driving
software on Tesla oh probably just
because I thought that'd be a good story
not because it's Elon Musk and he's the
only keeper free speech and if they
could take Elon Musk off the board it
would give them full control of the
entire
narrative but that's a
coincidence total coincidence well we
have so many coincidences happening
today should we talk about the fact that
uh National Trans Awareness Day is on
Easter is that a
hoax maybe a little bit because it turns
out that the transvisibility
day um has always been on this day it's
just that Easter isn't always on this
day so by coincidence Easter fell in the
same day as trans visibility day and so
it only makes complete sense that the
White House would focus a little more on
the
TR oh wait it's a choice wasn't
it oh it's not a coincidence it's a
choice because it is a coincidence that
they fell in the same day all right if
you don't know that your news failed you
let me make sure everybody knows that
it's just a coincidence it fell in the
same day the White House didn't decide
to put it on that day but you know what
they did decide to do they decided to
highlight it instead of
Easter now they're going to have the the
a hun or whatever so there's always some
attention for Easter as well and they
put out a statement saying oh we
president of Christian he likes Easter
but it would be hard to ignore the fact
that trans visibility day is an
absurdity it's an absurdity is there
anything more visible than trans I can't
think of a single thing we've talked
about more and yet is less
important it's the single most visible
thing in the whole freaking world right
now so to imagine that you need a little
more of that transvisibility and maybe a
little less attention on Easter it feels
like the wrong
choice it's not some big conspiracy
where they're trying to erase Easter
definitely they played it wrong I think
I don't think they read the room right
there let's talk about some fake
science uh Surgeon General Jerome Adams
no relation to
me um says that up to 20% of the US
population has experienced long Co now I
think he's trying to get you to take
your
shots do you believe that Surgeon
General is correct when he says that up
to 20% of the US population has
experienced long
Co do you believe that here's what I
believe let's put it in context 20% okay
20% of people believe they had long Co
what would be what would be some other
things that 20% of the public also
believes hm let's see 20% of the public
that would be that's less than the
amount of the public that believes they
personally have experienced a
ghost yeah so there are more people
reporting that they think they have long
Co than there are it's it's roughly the
same as people who believe they've seen
a
ghost uh but far lower than the number
of citizens in the US who believe the
fine people hoax and the drinking Bleak
jokes so as where it's way fewer I mean
half of the country believes the hoaxes
but only 20% believe they had long Co
about the same as
ghosts uh and far fewer than the
percentage of us who believe that
they'll get a harp when they go to
heaven actual literal a literal physical
harp I saw that in Newsweek a number of
years ago the number of adults who
believe they actually are um assigned a
musical instrument in heaven it's a
pretty big percentage it's greater than
20% so what would you say about this in
the context of a recent news report that
said long Co probably doesn't even exist
and it's
imaginary what is true what about the
science recent recent science the that
is all imaginary there's no long
Co well either the science that says
there's no long Co is fake or the
Surgeon General of the United States
doesn't understand
science H neither of those are a good
outcome are
they
and is the long Co data I'm just going
to guess here I'm no expert but I'm
going to guess that the way they figured
out how many people experienced long Co
was they asked them is that how it
worked they said do you think you had
any long Co and then people say yes and
then they add it up is it possible that
his science is asking people to
self-report their imaginary
symptoms and then he made national
policy based on it I think that actually
happened how else would you know if
somebody had long Co other than asking
them because I don't believe there's a I
don't believe they tested it like with a
a sample that showed them who had it or
something well so in a World in which
half of the people believe the fine
people hoax and the drinking bleed
chokes and at least 20% believe they've
had a personal experience with a ghost
if not an alien space encounter what do
you think would happen if you asked the
population do you think he had long Co I
mean what what do you imagine would be
the result of
that probably about the same as if you
ask them do you think a demon has taken
over your
brain yeah you you can get 20% to say
anything in fact it's my running joke
that 25% will get the wrong answer on
every
pole 20% yep I got some low on Co here
now I'm not saying loow on Co isn't real
I'm not even saying that the percentage
is wrong I wouldn't know what I am
saying is that we can't trust
science science is just ridiculous at
this point it's it's become an absurdity
after the pandemic it was pretty obvious
that you can't trust it and I'll go
further than that and say that all
experts are useless and that there's a
reason for
that let me give you one more example
and then I'll tell you why there's a
reason would you all agree it's pretty
easy to get you to agree that the
scientific and medical experts showed us
we can't depend on them would you say
that's
true that we have really conclusive
proof that you can't depend on the
even even if 90% of them are on the same
side it just really doesn't mean
anything just doesn't mean anything so
here's another one David saaks from the
Allin podcast and other things he said
that Ukraine summer counter offensive
was one of the biggest debacles in the
history of modern warfare with tanks and
soldiers running headlong at the
minefields while Russian Artillery rain
down in them from heavily fortified
positions now do you know how much uh
push back David saaks got you know for
his opinions of the war and his opinions
were always met with um David Sachs what
what could you tell us your military
expertise um why don't you tell us about
all your military expertise when you
give us your military opinions because
we've got real experts we have generals
we have people who have been in war
maybe we should listen to
them or could you just look at it with
common sense and say um I'm adding up
the number of people Ukraine has and the
number of people Russia has I don't
really see how they can win
this given the Weaponry
Etc so was this a is this a case where
the experts were wrong the military
experts and is it something that any
reasonable person could looked at and
said well I don't see how you can beat
Russia if they really dug
in I would say this is another ex
example where the experts were either
lying for money or for I know promotions
or whatever they're either lying or they
actually didn't know that this was a Bad
Bet now of course we're all Geniuses in
hindsight right we're all Geniuses so
I'm not saying that you should listen to
David Sachs on the next
War I'm not saying he's going to beat
the experts on every you know milit AR
decision I'm just saying it looks random
to me it looks random like I don't think
the experts had any advantage over just
a citizen you could pick
randomly on this one you maybe they get
the next one right but you can't trust
them and I would say that there's a
reason that no expert can ever be relied
on
again it's built into the
system here here's why you can't rely on
them on anything important whether it's
a pandemic or a war you're going to have
a set of experts right so we all agree
on that so far right if it's some big
important thing there will be a bunch of
experts there will also be a gigantic
amount of money involved because it's a
big thing pandemic trillion dollars War
trillion dollars energy trillion dollars
right nuclear energy trillion
climate change trillion dollars multiple
trillions in that case so when you're
talking about big topics where they're
trillion dollars at
stake there are no experts there are
only people who have taken money and
people who haven't and you don't know
the difference they're only people who
are afraid they're going to get fired if
they go against the grain because the
people taking the money have you know
created a consensus and then the people
who didn't take any money money are like
well I guess I can't even say my
opinion so we've created a system where
for anything
important the experts are always bought
off because there's just too much money
involved and bought off doesn't mean
they directly took a payment it means
that if you gave a speech saying that
the the covid shots were garbage you
could never give another speech that'd
be your last speech and you get paid for
it so
nobody who makes money for a living is
going to throw their money away when
they could just say you know oh let's
pretend I go along with a majority and
uh look I got invited to do another
speech oh look I got that Grant yeah so
everybody knows where the money is so I
would say that in a situation in which
the topic has a trillion dollars at
stake there's no such thing as
experts you just assume they're bought
the only time an expert would be useful
is if you can't imagine any way that
they could be benefiting from the advice
they give you so there might be
situations in your personal life where
there's something that's only happening
to you and then you know you talk to
your lawyer or your doctor and it's good
advice because they don't have anything
to gain right there there's nobody going
to pay them to give you specifically
different advice on your little specific
problem there's no other incentive for
them other than doing a good job but as
soon as it's big climate change and wars
and pandemics all the experts are
useless automatically they're
automatically universally noncredible
and we have to figure out how to deal
with that and by the way AI isn't going
to help you because it would be just as
easy for the people with money to co-opt
the AIS they just go to the AI company
and say you
know I'd be advertising a lot more with
you if you said things I
liked experts are
useless well there's a report that
apparently there's something like ESG
for individuals now so ESG the
equity uh social and governance so
that's about uh keeping the climate
clean and um making sure that there's
equity and of course that's been uh
applied to businesses uh much to the
shrin of the businesses and the
stockholders because it's sort of this
external Force that's distorting the
free market and uh it's not helping
anybody I would argue but now apparently
individual companies are sharing data so
they can find out if you individually
have a good ESG score now I don't think
it'll be called ESG when it's applied to
individuals but same thing
so they would look at for example your
buying
patterns and they'd say whoa looks like
this person is buying a lot of things
that are bad for the um environment you
got a big gas guzzler there and then
maybe they pick up something else you
know maybe they're looking at your
social media giving you a giving you a
grade this would be the end of
everything really I mean I don't think
that this will survive I think the push
back will be too great
but if companies start getting together
and banding together to grade their
customers on whether they suck or not
that's really the end of
civilization I wonder if they realize
that's like an existential threat to the
whole thing we've got lots of
existential threats at the moment most
of them won't be a problem in the long
run we'll figure them
out but here's one to watch in case you
want to do some push back um Jonathan
has a new book out whose name I can't
remember maybe you could put it in the
comments Jonathan haes new book ha I DT
hate anyway so he's talking about the uh
gender dysphoria stuff he says that it
happens in clusters of girls that's the
way you know it's a psychological thing
and not a not a physical
thing um because it happens in
clusters so if you can see it happening
in clusters that means it's socially
being transmitted I think that's a
pretty good
evidence um so it's very different from
the kinds of gender dysphoria cases that
we've known about for
decades uh he says I mean it's a real
thing in other words Jonathan hay is
saying that gender dysphoria is a real
thing uh but what happened especially
when girls um with when girls got
YouTube and Instagram and then
especially Tik Tok uh girls got sucked
into these vort
and they take on each other's purported
mental illnesses now that's something
I've never heard
before there somebody else's mental
illness can can impact you to act like
them you'll you'll actually imitate
their mental
illness now that would be a case where
some you assume somebody has mental
illness so that that's also
controversial but do you think that um
does this describe our situation
do you think that the psychology and the
the spread especially among
girls um is why there's so much gender
dys Foria of course it is of course it
is this is the most obvious thing in the
world you you would have to know nothing
about anything to think that this is
some kind of natural phenomenon right
sort of like climate change but let's
not confuse the topic there are some
things that if you study persuasion you
know a little bit bit about psychology
you know what a mass hysteria is it has
every sign every sign it's literally
everything it's could not be more
obvious well I continue my journey to
find out how AI can be useful and so far
not so far not I I have like a little
bit of fun when I talk to chat GPT just
to see what it can do but I can't answer
any questions about what's recent so has
no real use and it lies about anything
important and it hallucinates and you
can't tell so you can't really use it
for searching or getting information or
you know that sort of thing sometimes
it's good for history I like it for
history lessons but they're they're not
terribly important to my life just fun
so I thought to myself I'm going to try
every now and then I'm going to try
another AI app just to see here's my
overall statement about AI
apps
so far 100% of the time I said to myself
hey I've got an idea for starting a
company using
AI the only way I can think of doing it
is by hiring
humans so every time AI comes into the
conversation I think okay it's too hard
for me to figure out out what to do with
it and to keep up with it so I'd have to
hire somebody to do it for
me every time I turn around AI means
hiring people because I can't do it
myself now you say well is that because
you're dumb no it's because it's such a
big field and it's changing quickly and
I have other things to do if I dedicated
all my life you know to keeping up with
the AI apps I can do it I mean it's not
it's not beyond my
capability it's just I don't have time
so what I would need is to hire somebody
whose job it was to keep my AI running
do you know what the problem with that
is the person you hire can never leave
because the moment they leave your AI
app will stop
working it's never permanent you need
somebody on staff all the time just to
use your AI and to keep it working and
you know that company that makes it goes
on in business so then you got to figure
out another one then your your AI is
using some proprietary data but you
didn't know it and it gets sued and you
have to work that out so AI is going to
be a whole big field of humans who have
to have to figure out how to use
it all right so I used a Opus clip
that's a AI that takes your long form
videos such as the one I'm making now
and it automatically looks at all the
the words and it figures out the viral
moments and actually scores them so I
use that and it takes um it I think it
takes a while to process so you have to
come back later so you just give it the
URL of the long form video and then when
you come back in I don't know 20 minutes
or whatever it is uh there's a page
populated with all the clips that it
suggests would be viral clips and even
grades them for how viral they would be
on the different levels and you know and
it's really
impressive so I took one of my better
long form videos recently where people
said they liked it and had like hour and
50 minutes of content and I'm like I'm
going to get some good 30 second Clips
on of this whoa okay wait so I made 10
Clips that's that's a beginning number
you know it gives you like starts with
10 and there was not one clip that I
wanted to
post not one several of them were not
the right clip which is expected you
know the AI didn't quite know where the
beginning and the end of something was
it was good it was actually very
impressive
but several of the 10 weren't really a
clip but then the other thing I didn't
see coming at
all um if you don't see my show in its
entirety any clip taken out of the show
looks way too
provocative and I didn't see that until
I W looked at the clips I thought oh I
can't I can't post that because if you
didn't know my whole act everything
looks too provocative that's actually
one of the big reasons I I got cancelled
the people who canceled me if they knew
my whole act would have seen that as a
component of a larger message and and
they would have understand that I was
complaining about racism against me how
many of you understood that that I got
cancelled because I complained about
racism against
me and that the news reported as I said
a bunch of racist things no I complained
about
racism about against
me how's that and I got cancelled
worldwide because people thought I was
being racist because the The Washington
Post framed it that way now if any uh I
think I well here's a good here's a good
uh
test I don't think I
lost I don't think I lost a single
subscriber when I got cancelled do you
know why because all of my subscribers
see the whole content and then they say
oh that's not really representative of
anything that must be just fake news and
they're right so my my subscribers who
actually know my content went up 20%
when I got cancelled and stay
there yeah so it turns out there was
nothing I could uh post it all looked
too provocative and a
context there are now ai financial
advisors um which threaten to destroy
the the entire Financial advice business
now financial advisors not all of them
will often take a percentage of your
Investment Portfolio every year even if
their advice was bad they get paid the
same so it might be something like uh
you give me 1% of your portfolio every
year and I'll make sure that you make
more money than you would have on your
own and we both win the reality is they
don't know how to do that not really I
mean they could stop you from doing the
dumbest things
but they're going to do things that make
them money first which means
recommending you know funds that they
take a cut from and that sort of thing
which you wouldn't necessarily know so
here's why AI financial advisors will
not work will not work what what did I
just tell you about experts we built a
system where experts even AI experts and
this is the important Point even AI
experts can never work what would be the
one situation in which experts whether
AI or human can never
work tell me in the comments let's see
if I made my point what's the one
situation in which experts AI or human
can never
work and the answer is trillion
dollars right whenever a trillion
dollars is on the line your experts will
be bought off because there's so much
money to buy them off you you wouldn't
not buy them off it'd be stupid if you
could you'd buy them off now do you
think that won't apply to AI the AI will
be created by a company that's trying to
make money and they'll they'll put out
their you know lowcost AI advisor and it
starts replacing all the regular
advisors what what is going to happen
after that
guaranteed
guaranteed people who would like those
AI advisors to recommend their funds
will reach out to the owners and say so
your AI financial advisor is a it's good
business you got there yeah yeah we're
making a million dollars a year and grow
in 10% a year it's great it's great and
then the fund says you know if your AI
recommended my fund more than the other
funds and let's face it they're not that
different wouldn't you like to make $10
million a year because if you start
recommending my fund I'll make $20
million more and I'll give some of that
to you so it seems to me that whenever a
trillion dollars is involved somebody's
going to buy off your AI somebody's
going to buy off your humans not
sometimes every time so the design of
the system guarantees
it so experts made sense when we weren't
all connected to trillion dooll topics
as soon as you're connected to a
trillion dollars the money overwhelms
the expertise
you could Pro you probably put it on a
graph you know the the value of experts
and how much money is involved and once
the money involved gets to a certain
level the value of an expert goes to
zero not because they're wrong because
you wouldn't know if they're bought off
and you would have no way to know
because the ways they can buy them off
are a million ways it doesn't even have
to be direct like I said it could be the
difference between do you get invited to
do a lucrative paid speech or do you not
that's paid off even though nobody wrote
a check that's paid off that's bribery
well you're never going to do another
speech in this
town all right here's a I've got uh a
theme for the rest of this why
production rates are
falling
um so so European countries I'm going to
give you a bunch of different stories
that all fit into this umbrella why the
reproduction rates are falling
um 84% of the people in the world
believe the world is becoming more
dangerous and that's causing people to
up their military spending why do people
think the world is more dangerous today
than it was in the past is it because
it's more dangerous no I mean it might
be how would you know nobody knows how
dangerous anything is all it takes is
one Hitler and everything everything's
different so nobody can predict the next
Hitler
nobody can know if a nuke gets you know
sent off accidentally and causes a
nuclear Holocaust nobody knows you can't
predict war war is the least predictable
thing of all time but are we more
worried about war than ever yes why are
we more worried about war than ever
because it's being pushed in our face
and we worry about things that get
pushed in your face our ability to worry
is a limited resource so you worry about
the things that get pushed in your face
and you just don't think about the
things that are outside your attention
span so war is just always in her face
so of course you're getting more worried
about it and would you have children if
you thought the odds of a World War were
way higher than they used to be I would
say no I would say that people would say
I don't want to bring a kid into this
world where according to the news we're
on the edge of War now why do you think
that the news would always tell you
you're on the edge of War
what would cause that because war is a
trillion doll business and the way that
you make your trillion dollar is you got
to scare the public into thinking You'
better go to war or you'd better spend
send some weapons over to one of those
countries that'll pay for our weapons no
the marketing of the military-industrial
complex guarantees that you'll be
thinking about war all the time and that
will make you think less about
reproducing would you agree that if War
looks like it's going to kill us all
having kids feels like just one more
thing you have to protect before we all
die so of course people are going to
have fewer kids if you tell them war is
everywhere and it's going to kill you
all how about the Tik Tock effect so the
Senate is looking at uh you know
modifying the bill that the house passed
because um one of one of the big
problems people pointed out was the bill
was too broad and could be used to clam
down on uh X and other platforms so the
Senate's working on that do you think
that the Senate will ban Tik Tock do you
think the Senate will ban Tik Tock which
and and find a way that the house agrees
and then Biden signs it no no do you
know why because there are a trillion
dollars at stake yeah that I mean in the
long run Tik tok's going to be sort of a
trillion dollar company so now if you
got that much
money you just bribe your way into
whatever you want you know Tik Tok is
one of the main advertisers on Fox News
Now there it's already over the the game
is lost there's nothing that's going to
get rid of Tik Tock Tik tok's here
parents your only hope is that you can
turn your kids into I don't know monks
or the Amish or something but the
government is not going to come help
help you with Tik Tok if if the
government bans Tik Tok I would be so so
amazed like there's nothing that's more
predictable than a trillion dollars and
a big Republican donor so yeah the
money's against it but we'll tick talk
reduce our um reproduction rate of
course it will because they're big on
the uh dual income no kids um every day
I see a new video of somebody young
saying I can't afford kids cuz we don't
get paid enough and living is too
expensive and everybody's hearing that
because frankly having kids is a little
bit
irrational but we have to do
it right it's a little irrational if you
looked at you know the costs and
benefits but anything that's of the
heart and of our biology is not meant to
be rational so reproduction is not
intended to be a rational process it's
just a necessary
one why do you think there's any chance
that the that Tik Tock would be banned
at all I say there's the only reason
that we're close to it or that it looks
close is that Tik Tock was so anti and
is so
anti-israel I think the the Israel
effect was maybe the 20 or 30%
extra to make the people who were
already inclined to you know want to ban
Tik Tock I think they put him over the
edge now I don't think Israel is the one
reason I think it's just such a big
reason that other people had to say they
do it but you're going to be looking at
the incompetence of Congress the money
of tiktock versus the interests of
Israel who do who wins so Israel has
lots of clout lots of
clout but incompetence makes almost
anything impossible in our current
Congress so it wouldn't matter if it's a
good idea or a bad idea or Israel wants
it or anybody wants it they may be too
incompetent to pass the bill and then
you add the money that tiktock could
bring to killing this
thing I think Israel
loses I think incompetence plus bribery
will be greater than whatever the the
weight of Israel is and that Congress is
always safer when they do nothing so
doing something would have Israel on
your back they'd say why didn't you you
know uh or
if you said we're going to keep it then
Israel would say why are you against
us and so I think that do nothing is the
default I think I expect no ban of Tik
Tok in the long run and I don't think
it'll be sold to an American
company what about climate change do you
think climate change is a case of
believing the experts who are totally
credible no we learned during the
pandemic that 97% of experts have the
same Financial incentives
so if you couldn't say something wrong
about the pandemic without losing your
job do you think you can say something
wrong about climate change and keep your
job if you're a scientist no of course
not so we've created a system where the
scientists have to lie to
us both to keep their jobs and to
increase their income so they get
invited to do speeches and they get
grants and stuff like that that's right
we've created a system where we
guarantee that our experts have to lie
to us we've given them no
choice we've forced our experts to lie
to us and then we wonder why they lie to
us no we force them we force them
economically and with shame to do what
the whoever somebody wants them to
do well I don't know if you've seen this
but um and by the way I think the entire
the entire climate change thing is
driven by uh large green
Industries now there are a variety of
reasons for it it's never one reason but
I think the biggest reason is that the
the green energy people have how much
money do they have to to make if climate
change is deemed existential risk how
much extra would the Green Technology
people make trillions could it be
trillions yeah of course so you have
trillions involved that guarantees that
you can't trust the experts would you
agree if trillions are
evolved there's never a case where you
can trust the experts never it wouldn't
matter what the topic is as soon as soon
as trillions are involved you assume
people are bought off or blackmailed or
threatened too much money involved well
I keep seeing other people use the
phrase that are food sources are
poisoning
us have you seen that growing in in and
wait has anybody else seen that it could
be just that my social media feed is
giving me what I want to see but are
other people seeing it that uh I mean
RFK Jr's pushing on it pretty hard The
Chronic illnesses
Etc but I feel like that message is
starting to
permeate and that people are
understanding that the food supply is
literally poison so I think that I think
you can see that grow much the way the
nuclear energy Market started to move
now I like to as you know if you've been
watching me for a while I like to call
my I like to call the wall that I'm
going to hit the home run over you know
Babe Ruth wise but I can never tell if I
if my effect if my impact was anything
so as you know I'm uh persuading as hard
as I can on this food sources or
poisonous thing so we could get maybe
some action that would be better food
but I can't say that my specific input
is going to be greater than anybody
else's I think RFK Junior's driving
driving this ship right now so that's
good but here's something I found out
I've been doing a lot of research on uh
how could you grow enough food on your
own that you wouldn't depend on
somebody's chemicals getting in your
food so is there a way to just make your
own food and if you're not a farmer and
you don't want to you know butcher your
own
cows and Fish Farms are icky how do you
get enough
protein well it turns out that you can
grow
Sprouts so Sprouts are you know the the
early the Early things that comes out of
the seeds and there are a whole bunch of
different sprouts and if you do lentil
Sprouts I guess they're a pretty good
source of protein the lentils are and
then the Sprouts are delicious and it
turns out that you can buy and I just
bought one I'll show it to you when it's
put together um a sprouting machine and
the sprouting machine is uh there ones
that have two or three trays inside of a
um
container and they don't have root
systems instead it just rains on the
seeds sort of like a light rain you know
that the top of it creates some rain and
it just recycles the water you have to
change the water a couple times a day
but in the in the course of just days
you can grow Sprouts that you could eat
and there's you know broccoli sprouts
and Al alfha and I don't know wheat
grass and everything but the ones of
Interest were broccoli and
lentils uh because of their you know the
health benefits so I'm going to get one
of those and apparently you can buy a
you know huge barrel of
seeds and as long as you could keep
those things wet you'd be able to feed
yourself on almost that alone
just growing sprouts and the the trick
is that the sprouts grow so fast they're
also delicious I'm told they have just
right Crunch and taste if you get them
get them when they're young so you could
grow them practically for free takes a
little work to change the water twice a
day and you could store the seeds I'm
guessing for a long time if you keep
them dry and dark I think they last a
long time so it's a good end of the
world if you're a
prepper um I don't know the details yet
but I'll I'll test it myself and then
I'll let you know if it's working Brian
romelli has one these he swears by it so
if he recommends it it's worth a shot
because he looked into it more than I
did all right so how about our food
sources poisoning us do you think that's
making us want to have more babies no
because our food sources are making us
feel sick and unhealthy and obese and
that is not leading to to wanting to
knock
boots that if you don't feel good and
you don't look
good even according to your own view of
what looks good you're not going to be
doing a lot of sex and sex is one of
those things you need to do to have
babies so I think that the food sources
poisoning us are definitely reducing our
reproductive capabilities if only
because it's making us less horny less
attractive just less
Vitality um and it's taking our money
away because it takes a lot of money to
fix our health
problems um what about the uh teachers
unions well I don't know if I blame them
directly or blame the teachers but if
you're a parent you've known that when
kids come home from school they start
doing homework and they do it until it's
time for bed because there's just so
much homework now can you back me on
that those of you who have kids in
public school
my understanding is that teachers over
assign homework because it makes them
look like good teachers but there's no
backup for it being a good idea there's
there's no science to support it that
more homework makes the kids smarter so
I think it's just a scam where the
teachers are torturing the parents and
torturing the kids and destroying the
lives of the family you can't have a
family life during school years you know
that right it it's like impossible to
sort of live your life and enjoy it
because it's just homework and driving
Drive homework Drive homework Drive
homework it's all you do um if you
wanted to have kids and you were a kid
and you saw that if you had a kid it
would be as happy as you are in other
words not happy because they're all sad
and anxious and looking at their phones
and doing homework all night why would
you want to have a bring a kid into that
world it's completely sensible to not
want to have a
child if you live through a situation
where you wouldn't want to bring a kid
into that world so
homework homework is
destroying
reproduction because the kids who do it
won't want to have them and if you if
you know anybody who's a
parent and you talk to them about what
their day is like and you haven't had a
kid yet it's going to be hard to
convince you it's a good
play because
um my brief understanding of this topic
is that when people have kids are almost
always happy about it would you agree
the people who do have kids almost
always happy about it but I think
cognitive dissonance and our biological
nature kick in to make you happy that
you had
kids but if you haven't actually had the
kid and you're only deciding whether you
should then that whole uh that whole
unquantifiable you you know love that is
developed for a child you don't see that
part like that part has to be taken on
faith or you just Discover it when it
happens but you can see that people
going through the homework
generation just wouldn't think that
having a kid is a good idea so of course
that would depress um things all right
um let's talk about this uh Easter
versus the trans thing a little bit more
um did you know the White House
spokesperson is named Andrew
Bates yeah Mr
Bates Mr
Bates some call him
master I know you were saying that at
home so I just thought I'd say it out
loud well
anyway as you know it's a it's a hoax
that it's on the same day but it's not a
hoax that they decided to highlight it
so if you're highlighting trans
stuff what does that do for reproduction
well if Jonathan ha is right it lowers
reproduction because the kids are
turning
non-hetero you would expect that the
lower reproduction rates all right uh
Harvard is ranked the worst school in
the whole world for for free speech it
came in dead last it wasn't the old
world I think it was just America but
imagine going to Harvard and finding out
it ranked dead last of all College
according to the foundation for
individual rights and education which
graded them for free speech because
apparently they're uh an alarming number
of
professors who got in a lot of trouble
for things they said that were
completely legal to say but not in
Harvard so Harvard is where Free Speech
went to
die did you know that the Dei stuff um
at least the Republicans got it out of
the house so there used to be an office
of diversity related to the the house
but the house office of diversity and
inclusion was disbanded this week it was
part of the government spending
bill
so that's
interesting you want to know how dumb we
are as a as a country yeah here's the
actual debate we're
having is it racist to be racist
we're actually having that debate is it
racist to be
racist because that's what Dei is di is
racism to try to fight racism so is it
racist to be racist now the people in
favor of Dei say it's not racist to be
racist because you need to correct this
past racism and the other people say but
you're just adding
racism so we're actually literally no
joke no hyber we're debating whether
racism is
racist I don't know what's after
that what comes after
that wow we are so
dumb
well
anyway if you were growing up in a Dei
world and you were a white person would
you want to have a
baby would you want to bring a white
baby into America and in
2024 if you knew that this Dei thing
looks like it's hard to dislodge and
your kid would be born into a racist
World in which it probably just gets
worse well you can't predict the future
maybe it'll get better however there
would be one more reason not to have a
baby if you're white but I don't think
it increases the odds of having a baby
if you're black I doubt it but it's
certainly a
depressing thing for white people was
like oh do I want to bring a kid into
this racist
World um chat GPT has a personality
called Dan I guess you can tell it to be
Dan and women are falling in love with
it so Dan is very good and they talk to
it on their phone and they report on
social media of course Tik Tok that uh
that they're having actual feelings for
Dan because Dan talks to them and
listens to them and uh Dan never leaves
the toilet seat open because he's an AI
so Dan has many advantages over human
males and women are falling in love do
you think that that men and women will
end up in relationships with
AI and it will
decrease
reproduction yes totally it it's 100%
predictable that some people I hope not
most but some people will say you know
what this is better than my best option
with human beings you know I don't have
to shave my armpits or anything with
this AI so yeah AI is going to take off
at least 20% of reproduction let me say
that again
AI probably will reproduce will lower
the reproduction rate by
20% now that's just living the real
world and feeling what it probably will
be I mean could be 100% could be zero
but I doubt it to me it seems most
likely it'll just completely car prevent
the lower 10 20% of reproductive
potential people and they'll just say
you know I don't want to do homework I
don't have enough money I think I'll
just have this AI as my boyfriend or
girlfriend 20% reduction in in
reproduction is my uh estimate
eventually I saw a dating persuasion tip
called the cavoodle model or method have
you ever heard of that I guess it's a
brand new thing so the cavoodle method
is based on I guess one influencer teen
girl and she was noting that she could
hook a guy and make a guy think about
her all the time by making the guy think
about something
else that reminds him of her so she
would say it's like a psychology you
know trick to get a guy you know tricked
into being uh obsessed with you and the
cavoodle part of it I guess there's a
dog that must be a I don't know a cal
Cavalier plus a poodle or something so a
cavoodle is a com combination
dog and so she explains the influencer
that she was obsessed with cavoodles and
then she met a guy who also liked him
and got into him because she talked
about him a lot I guess and then every
time you would see a
cavoodle I've never seen one but I guess
you can see them um every time he would
see one he would think of her and you
know then send her a meme or send her a
picture of the koodle and this is
actually um not just a good dating
method but this is a good persuasion
method if you can get somebody to
obsessively think about something that
brings them um well gives attention to
something you want to persuade them to
do that is a real good technique not
just for dating uh for dating is a
little
manipulative but for persuasion in a
let's say business or political sense if
you can get people to associate you with
something the way Trump is associated
with the wall you win now do you see the
parallel when you think of trump you
think of wall right Trump did that he
made you it's impossible to think of the
border and think of a wall without
thinking of trump
every time you see the border wall in
any of the reports as soon as I see the
wall I think
Trump now what happened when the
immigration level got out of
control Well turns out that Trump who
was in the the the basement of history
after the January 6 allegations and it
looked like nobody could ever recover
from that and then suddenly every day we
have to think about that wall which
makes you think huh there is one person
who was pretty serious about building
the wall didn't get it done but he was
very serious about it so the fact that
Trump Associated himself with a wall and
you have to keep looking at that damn
wall makes you think of trump and it's
probably a big part of his current
popularity is that you couldn't separate
Trump from wall and when you see the
migrants coming in in large numbers you
think you know a wall would help a wall
would be really good so yes so Trump
used the cavoodle model on us and it
worked all right um I would say in the
larger sense that uh relationship
coaches are also ending
reproduction you've seen the the growth
in relationship experts on social media
I think you've probably seen it I don't
know if just my maybe my uh feed is is
giving me more of it but I see it all
the time every every day without an
exception every day that's not an
exaggeration multiple times a day social
media will give me a relationship expert
and here's what I've learned from
relationship experts if you're a man and
you give a woman Everything She Wants
What
happens you you're listening to the
relationship experts what happens if you
give a woman Everything She
Wants well
you will not reach the end of Everything
She Wants she'll come up with new things
she wants so it's not like you're going
to fix the problem but at least you can
make her love you right it turns out no
according to the relationship experts if
you give a woman everything she wants
she will lose respect for you
entirely would you
agree that's what the experts are
telling us now I I'm I don't think the
experts are always right but that's what
what they say so you that's what you
can't do you can't give your wife if
you're a man you can't give them
everything they want they'll lose
respect for you so you go the other
way and you don't give them the things
that they say they need how long does
that
last well in our current world where
everybody can find anybody on social
media and every woman can find a guy who
wants to go to bed with her it lasts
until she finds a better guy CU she's
going to immediately look for somebody
who can meet her needs CU why wouldn't
you well why would I why would I stay
with this one who can't meet my needs
when I can go find a better
deal so you can't you can't succeed by
giving women what they want and you
can't succeed by not giving them what
they want what's
left what what is left between giving
them what they want and not giving them
what they
want now you're going to say well it's
giving them some of the things they want
but holding tight and some other
things no that's not that's called not
giving them what they want have you ever
met a woman hey baby I'm going to give
you half of what you want this is going
to work out great no it's a Woman They
want what they want and half doesn't
mean anything I gave you half of what
you want gave you three qus of what you
want that's nothing that's like nothing
literally nothing so you can't give them
everything they want you you can't give
them half or a portion of what they want
and you certainly can't give them
nothing that they
want so where's your how do you
succeed I have a terribly cynical theory
about how it ever
succeeds one is the person who's getting
nothing in the relationship gets
hypnotized into thinking they can't do
better so they must be happy cognitive
dissonance cognitive dissonance is the
only thing that makes a relationship
work
you have to believe something that's not
true in order for it to work for example
if you both believe that you are the
best choice for each other you're
probably going to stay together and it's
probably not true it's probably not true
that you're the best choice for each
other but if you believe it then you're
going to work a little harder to to stay
together so I would say that
relationship coaches because they take
the magic and mystery out of
relationship and make it look like it's
a mechanical thing with
rules but once you realize it's a
mechanical thing with rules you look at
the rules and you say wait a minute all
the rules make it impossible to have a
long-term successful monogamous
relationship there's there's no place to
go there so relationship coaches in all
their helpfulness have created a
situation where everybody got red pilled
and they can see what the you know what
actually makes people do what they do
that's very bad for reproduction because
you have to you have to take the uh
irrationality and put it back in to get
more people if people were rational they
wouldn't have
children because it would look like more
work than it is they don't understand
that if they do a whole irrational thing
kicks in and then they'll be happier
than if they hadn't had children I'm
pretty sure that's true for most people
not everybody but most people but you
can't see the irrational part but you
can certainly see the rational Parts oh
this person's not going to give me what
I
want all right so I think that's bad for
reproduction
um up in Canada there's some uh
politician who the hell was it the
Deputy Prime Minister of Canada who is
also a world economic Forum board and
trustee member uh chrisa
Freeland she is she was saying in a
speech uh that uh does capitalist
democracy still work because if our
system is you know democracy with a
capitalist part to it and it's not
fixing climate change because climate
change is driven by profits then she's
thinking maybe we should get rid of the
either the capitalism or the Democracy
or modify them
somehow now let me ask you when I
watched her talk I I want to see if you
can guess what I'm
thinking when I watched her talk did I
think she looked
sane did I think she looked like she had
good mental
health okay it's a trick question no of
course she didn't she looked actually
crazy she looked
crazy we're we're going to have to start
admitting the
obvious mental illness is not a
political
opinion mental illness is not a
political
opinion there meme
that all right here's where here's how I
think we can save ourselves in my
opinion the economics is the main reason
that people aren't having kids all the
other things are true scared about
climate change blah blah blah blah those
are all true and I think that they do
depress reproduction but nothing nothing
more than economics
if you had Elon musk's money you might
have 11
kids you know you're far more
likely and given that our economy is
keeping a whole generation of people who
are in that reproductive age they're
saying at least on social media there is
no way we could have children it's just
impossible one of the reasons that it's
impossible is because so many people
have health
now wouldn't you
say give me a fact check on this see if
I'm going too far connecting too many
dots would it be fair to say that one of
the big costs of being a young person is
Health
Care paying paying their health care
probably probably it's big cost and is
our health care more because of uh
Democrat policies that try to include
more people such as
Obamacare I think so
so we have a situation where in the old
days there were at least some part of
the population that could do really well
and would have enough money that they
could have kids but now we've leveled
the playing field where everybody is
going to pay so much in uh health care
for a noble reason which is to give
everybody health care but it's going to
cause the average income for everybody
to be close to or below the level where
they can afford children so it used to
be if maybe
half of the people could afford children
and half couldn't but at least half
would have children now we're at a place
where 90% can't afford children and it's
because the money that they would have
had went to other people and that's what
they voted for if you're if they're
Democrats uh and then you've got the
houses are too expensive why are homes
too expensive does everybody know why
are homes too
expensive
regulations right red tape
regulations what causes red tape and
regulations is it
Republicans yeah they they tend to go
the other direction so I would say that
Socialism or the the creeping socialism
of our system made healthc care more
expensive but far more fair more
Equitable but more expensive I think
that homes were um for for Noble reasons
you know every every regulation is to
save somebody's life or something so for
Noble reasons we have a set of
regulations that are so tight that the
thought of let's say building a bunch of
homes for cheap doesn't even seem
possible so I think the only way that we
will have
um a regrowth in population is to lower
the cost of
life for young
people and I think
to do that we're going to have to create
whole new cities so remember Trump's
idea of creating uh brand new cities in
government land where we have plenty of
land I would say that the goal of the
city should be to fix human
reproduction because if you can get rid
of the crime you can get rid of the
homework because let's say you start
from scratch and say all right we're not
going to do this crazy homework thing
you maybe you have lots more homeschool
and then less homework for the for that
reason uh because you're designing from
scratch so you can do everything right
then you design the homes so they're
let's say preapproved you know the
designs you don't have every design in
the world but you have you know a set of
designs and they're just all
pre-approved and they're easy to build
and they they're green and you don't
have so you could build a a facility
where the health care um is very low and
it stays that way because you fix the
food sources suppose you fix the poison
food sources in your new city now you
get rid of 90% of health care costs
according to
Kennedy I think it's an exaggeration but
kenned is saying that 90% of healthc
care costs go to um what's the word uh
chronic
diseases chronic diseases that are
largely caused by lifestyle and largely
food so if you built a new city and all
the food was grown so locally that and
doors let's say no pesticides no poisons
and then suddenly you're all eating good
food do you think you're more likely to
reproduce yes because you feel better
and maybe your health care cost goes
down because maybe you can Silo the
risks to within the city where
everybody's doing healthy things if I
were a healthc care provider and you
said we're going to build this city it's
going to be easy to exercise it's a
walking City uh it's going to be where
people will get more sun because they're
going to go outdoors more their their uh
social situation will be better because
we'll we'll design it so you have casual
contact with people and you can make
friends easily um and we'll you know
we'll do all these
things to me it would look like a place
people would want to go and have
babies here's an older story that I
maybe I told you but I just liked one
part of it so glenbeck tells the story
that Trump called him it was a while go
and asked his advice about who he should
pick for a vice
president now Glenn Beck's advice was V
now I think I told you that because it's
an older story but I don't remember if I
told you this that Glenn Beck said that
Trump said that the number one answer
because he was asking lots of people
about the V VP check but Trump said to
Glenn Beck that the number one response
was
V
now did anybody see that
coming that the number one response was
V how many of you saw that
coming I I feel like I might have
influenced
that does anybody think I influenced
that I mean I know a lot of people had
the same idea at the same time
but and then then the Way Glen Beck
described why a is the right choice it
sound like it came right out of my brain
but maybe just everybody sees the same
thing the way Glenn Beck explained it is
that with v as a vice president Trump
can go out and do his Trump stuff and V
can have his back because V can defend
Trump better than Trump defends
himself now that's exactly my take on it
is that vake can defend Trump and that
that's what Trump needs more than
anything and we've never had a vice
president who could do it this well so
it would be kind of
amazing so I don't know I I'd like to
think maybe I had some small effect on
that but I but I think more likely
everybody's seeing the same thing I'm
seeing NBC News is trying to revive
Biden's corpse um and they the way
they're doing it is they're saying that
he's coming up with his own campaign
strategy and he's implementing it like
all on his own and the strategy is his
going to go hard at getting under
Trump's skin by insulting him a lot so
he's decided that and that he's going to
come up with his own clever
insults now when the campaign heard that
Biden was going to come up with his own
clever insults do you think they were
comfortable with that but NBC is trying
to make dementia man yelling at the sky
sound
Noble I mean what I see is dementia man
man yelling
insults but NBC News wants me to believe
it's a clever campaign strategy and and
uh Biden's completely in charge and
executing it like a pro no it's dementia
man yelling at the sun because he just
hates Trump that's all I
see all
right here here's what Biden actually
said when allowed to use his
strategy in that recent fundraiser He
got interviewed and he concluded did
quote all he's talking about Trump and
he says all the things he's doing are so
old a little old in out of
shape now I'd like to give some
persuasion advice to President Biden for
free if the number one thing that people
are concerned about you is
age you should never mention the age of
the other person now unless you do it in
some kind of Reagan way where it's just
kind of funny but Reagan wasn't that
old you don't want to mention age at
all because the moment you say well look
how old my opponent is you just lost a
couple of
Voters you gained zero
voters who who exactly is going to
listen to this and say wait a minute
you're
right Trump's too
old I'd better vote for the one who's
older how in the world does that get you
about but I could certainly see that it
would reinforce the primary question of
age and that suddenly yeah it's a
cavoodle um and then suddenly people
would start thinking in terms of age
because you brought it up you dementia
stupid don't bring up age if it's
your weakest
Point literally his weakest quality and
he wants you to focus on that because
Trump oh my God you could not be more
incompetent and NBC News is selling it
as capable man in charge and
executing well there's a story in the
news that you won't believe this one
that uh long flu regular flu might cause
more brain damage than or more damage
than even Co long
Co so you got your long covid which
might be completely
imaginary but it's not nearly as bad as
the long regular flu which nobody
noticed until we were talking about long
covid and indeed I've never known
anybody who actually died from the
regular flu so probably everything we
learned about the regular flu was
fake so are we going to go with the
experts on this one what do you
think uh said this the patients
hospitalized with the flu regular flu
were nearly twice as likely to seek
medical help for neurological problems
in the year after their illness compared
to those hospitalized with
covid did we wait a year for the medical
community to tell us that Co was less
dangerous than the normal
flu that's a little bit what it looks
like because uh if it were true that
this long FL was having this gigantic
difference in people that would be way
worse than anything that happened with
Co at least for people under a certain
age you know above a certain age it's a
different
story uh it's not I guess above a
certain age you're you're dead if you
get the flu no matter what all right so
we don't believe any experts so forget
about
that um
arpa is launching some kind of program
to figure so this is the advanced
research project Agency for health in
the government so they're backing this
3D printing of
organs you'll be able to print yourself
a new internal
organ isn't that
amazing imagine printing yourself a new
organ I have many
questions if you had
transitioned which I say on this day of
trans uh
awareness trans visibility so on
transvisibility day suppose you had had
your penis
removed could you print a new one slap
it back on if you change your mind you
know as crazy as that sounds if you can
learn you know if we could teach AI to
make human internal
organs is that a higher bar than
reproducing a penis and sewing it back
on and making it work I don't know it
might be about rough the same level of
difficulty so if they think they can
make you a new
liver how much harder would it be to
make a new penis and sew it
on I don't know I mean it feels like
just on the surface it feels like it
would be a very similar level of
difficulty so Anything Could
Happen yeah Anything could
happen I I don't think I'm going to wait
and hold my breath on uh using a 3D
printer to make new body parts
but it does scare me that um I'm alive
at a time where this might apply to
me because you know if you reach 90 or
100 you're kind of ready to go but what
if they could replace your
stuff all right you know you're going to
die from something with your liver but
we'll just print you a new one so you're
good to go oh but I'm still 90 yeah but
you're not going to
die so what if they keep me alive to 130
because they can just print new organs
for me I don't know if I'm
happier although I plan to be on a lot
of LSD by the time I'm 90 I don't
recommend it by the way don't recommend
it well Putin is calling up reserves
150,000
reserves do you have any question which
way the war is going to
go do do you think Ukraine has 150,000
reserves they can call up at this point
no I think uh Putin is just waiting for
Trump to get to get sworn
in doesn't it look like Putin is simply
waiting for Trump and there's no reason
he shouldn't because he's not going to
lose a an
inch so and the weaker that Ukraine is
the better deal he gets so just keep
Ukraine on their back heels and wait for
Trump
and everybody will get what they want
except
Ukraine all
right um galap pole says that support
for Israel is going way down in terms of
their war in Gaza
so 55% of Americans
disapprove but you know this is this is
a classic half
opinion a half opinion is when you're
looking at the cost of something but not
the benefits and you think that's all
you need or you looking at the benefits
and you're totally ignoring the costs
and you think that's all you need it's
so it's not a full opinion it's a half
opinion and I think it's a luxury belief
to say that Israel's doing terrible
things yes I would like the luxury of
looking like I'm all about the
peace knowing that the alternative would
be maybe
worse
so yeah it makes it would make sense in
the given situation that Israel would be
losing some favor but I think most of
that is the luxury belief people who are
unable to look at the Alternatives in
any rational
way you know I think Israel would have
100% support if people understood what
the alternative
was the alternative is to go back to
continuous attacks because they're
trying to kill you so none of it's good
but the Alternatives might be worse
that's right you should listen to me
because the real generals seem to be
terrible at this
stuff
all right ladies and gentlemen what is
it that I forgot to mention today that I
should have are you all going to have a
good
uh good
Easter you know the uh the one thing I
said about the trans uh visibility Day
coinciding by coincidence with
Easter you know what they have in common
right Easter in trans visibility day no
well no matter which way you go it's not
clear where the eggs
are yeah you can use that one at home by
the way that's not
anti-trans I always think you should
make a
distinction between things that are like
racially insensitive and things that are
just funny because people are
different right trans people
exist and part of the deal for some is
is surgical changes so I don't think I
don't think that is even a little bit I
don't think it's even a little bit
disrespectful to call out something
that's part of the process all right so
it's not a
judgment and uh I do love my uh adult
trans because uh I'm a big I'm a big
supporter of anybody who's you know
making bold choices even if I don't
think it was the right choice it's not
up to me anyway
it's only up to them so one of the
reasons that I'm uh way less strident on
the topic of trans than many of you are
is that it's just their
decision you know I don't want anybody
telling me what to do with my body so
I'd like to be a little bit consistent
and say if you're an adult in America
and you want to do something that in my
opinion doesn't make sense you should
ignore my
opinion my opinion of what you do with
your body ignore it if you'd like to
know how it you know if you'd like help
like working through the logic of it or
something sure glad to help but
ultimately I don't have any control over
your body so if you and your doctor want
to do something that doesn't make sense
to me well I'm not part of that and
that's fine that should work for both of
us you should be happy I'm not part of
it and I should be happy I'm not part of
it
um and you notice I'm always careful not
to talk about the children issue because
that's completely
different all right ladies and
gentlemen that's all I got for Easter
gave you a little extra I'm going to
give the uh locals people a little extra
extra and uh tomorrow we might have some
fun for you I don't want to don't want
to give it away the people on locals
know but uh I'm going to close the
platforms except for locals thanks for
joining and I'll see you in the morning
tomorrow or if you're on locals I'll see
you in the man cave but uh bye everybody
except locals stay with me
locals
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e