bum bum bum bum bum BA bum bum bum guess
what I've got it all better more than a
few of you have this new it's a little
thing I call coffee it's in another
little thing I call a coffee bug and
it's gonna be some good drinking or
sipping as I like to say are you ready
for this simultaneous sip the highlight
of your day and coffee with Scott Adams
grab your cup grab your vessel grab your
mug it's time for the simultaneous mmm
so I hope you saw my periscope from last
night that could not have been more fun
you'd have to see it to know what I'm
talking about
but it's my pin tweet so if you can't
get enough of me that one would be a
good one to watch if you only had to
watch one if you never watched more than
one that would be the one to watch not
this one this one's going to be terrible
no I'll try to I'll try to elevate I'll
try to try to make it better every time
so the big story since the last time I
spoke with you is that president Trump
has agreed to host Putin in October and
what did the media say when they heard
that he was going to host Putin in the
United States it went a little something
like this
this is either a hair on fire
or hair standing straight up you can
interpret it either way now one of the
things that I hate to keep referring to
this I refer to this as my last
periscope Chris Cuomo referred to what
we're seeing as something like a movie
and he made that reference several times
that the
Trump Russia saga is like a movie and if
it's a movie you just saw the third act
so the third act of any movie is well
let me start from the first the first
act somebody's life changes in some way
in this case the president became
president and then there's a bunch of
fun and games where he's acting
presidential and people are fighting him
but he comes out okay all the time and
then there's that thing that kept that
was foreshadowed because anything
Russian seemed to have been foreshadowed
right and then when the he summit with
Putin happened it felt like everybody
thought oh there it is
the worst of our fears he likes Putin
more than he likes our country nothing
like that happened of course but in one
of the movies that people are running in
their heads that's exactly what happened
so it looks like things could not be
worse things could not be worse we've
got a president who cares more about a
Russian Russian strongman who has done
many bad things than he does about his
own intelligence service and I'm
watching and watching all that happen
and then Trump invites Putin to another
meeting this time in in the States now
probably this will be something like a
third act a third act is when things
look the worst like oh my god it's the
end of the world and that's how it will
be reported right up to and including
during the summit the second summit in
October but there are a few things that
you need to know about it number one the
president has now had practice practice
makes everything better right it's hard
to think of anything that doesn't get
better with practice
so the president Trump has had one
summit with Putin in which he saw how
people reacted to all the elements of it
what did people get excited about what
did people like about it etc now he's
gonna get ready you'll have plenty of
time to get ready for a second one does
the president like to lose he does not
does he prepare as much as he as people
think he should for big events he does
not if you give him a little bit of
practice
does he elevate his game oh yeah he does
you saw that in the campaign when his
his debate performances seemed to get
better and I would argue that his whole
presidential thing is also improving
with practice so the second Trump summit
is likely to go much better even if all
the even if the only thing that changes
is how he manages the optics of the
press conference and that sort of thing
it will just be way better so the odds
are this is a good thing now what I love
about it is that when people's hair were
hair was already on fire and before the
before the hair had burned down to their
skull they were still running around the
hair is on fire every hair was on fire
he takes control of the narrative by
doubling down and saying hey once you
come to the United States Putin and
we'll have another meeting and then
everybody's like what ah double ah so he
has once again completely controlled the
narrative and now we're going to be
talking about the future because the
past were all are already exhausted with
the past and when I say the past I mean
this past week one week but we're
already exhausted with it and he's given
us new fresh stuff to talk about which
is the upcoming summit so that part is
good the experts are saying no no you
should not meet with him you should not
invite him to the United States but what
what was one of the big problems with
the summit it would seem to be that the
president seemed to not have the status
that his critics thought he seemed like
he had actually put himself at you know
such a conciliatory
place that it actually elevated Putin
almost like he was a little higher than
Trump that's that's at least some of the
impressions that people were getting I
didn't see that but a lot of people saw
that when they watch it
and so when you invite Putin to your
country who has the situational
advantage who has the advantage Putin
who is visiting or Trump who actually
lives in the you know lives and works in
the White House right Putin is going to
be on Trump's home turf Trump will
absolutely have the visual advantage
because you know blah blah white White
House flag symbols and all those things
and what will Putin have his suit Putin
will show up with the clothes on his
back in terms of what we see so we're
gonna see Putin and Putin's clothing
that's it that's all will see a Putin
but we're gonna see the White House the
flags we're gonna see them the military
we're gonna see you're gonna see so much
America surrounding Putin that the the
visual persuasion game will be one
before it starts so I think it's a and
let me ask you this in the business
world if you're the one who goes to
someone else's office who is the Alpha
is the Alpha person the person who goes
to visit the other person or the person
who waits for the person to visit them
it's always the host so Trump has won
before he starts the second summit
because the set up is just so favorable
to Trump that that it would be hard for
that to go wrong visually now you also
have the advantage of low expectations
people thought
people thought that the first summit
when so poorly whether or not that's
true the impression is that it did that
trumps bar that he asked across to look
like he's getting better at this or
things are moving in the right direction
it's very low also a perfect situation
so he's got practice with lots of
feedback and criticisms lots of things
to work with
he might have progress by then
meaning that presumably the meeting
won't even happen unless unless rush is
delivered at least a little bit right so
or at least has something to plan to
announce at the summit so it's very
likely he'll have something that he can
at least at least show as progress he'll
have practice he'll have the home-field
advantage and have low expectations so
things are set up for Trump to have a
good meeting now of course the news will
find new new things to obsess about but
as I was talking in my periscope last
night the news is totally lost in the
weeds Trump and the White House are
trying to make sure that the risk of
nuclear war is lowered in all the hot
spots around the world he's trying to
calm down the Middle East and maybe
actually make something work North Korea
denuclearization
so Trump is up here working on the very
top priorities and his his enemy press
if we can say that is talking about well
did he say water wouldn't he say no and
then there's a new one down in the weeds
the unimportant stuff the the new one is
that apparently this summit with Putin
the second one was in the news and
announced when dan coates
who's the Director of National
Intelligence I believe was on stage of
some event being interviewed and he
learned of it by somebody reading it off
their phone in public while he was in
front of the crowd now if he didn't see
it Coates was very funny
because he did a sort of a comedic
double-take with what do you say and
made it clear that he didn't know
anything about it now the media reported
this says he was on fire how can how can
Trump make such a decision and not even
inform you know his his Director of
National Intelligence who has to learn
about it while he's giving a speech it's
the worst thing in the world it was
Andrea Mitchell was interviewing him and
told him about it so here's my here's my
feedback on that so that's that's my
that's my feedback to the entire story
that Coates wasn't in the loop so here's
the thing whose decision wasn't Trump's
what if Trump had talked to everybody
and and gotten all their feedback what
would they have said they would have
said I think don't do it because that
last one went so poorly do you know who
says don't do it because the last one
went so poorly people who believe
history repeats do you know what history
never does it never repeats it can't
because the situation changes the fact
that we observed something happening in
the first summit changes what can happen
in the second summit Trump got practiced
Trump learned what works and what
doesn't Trump's putting him you know
taking the home-field advantage
Trump's going to make sure probably that
that there's some kind of progress or
something to announce the bar is lower
because of the lesson so nothing is the
same what do you think Trump's advisers
would have told them to do that would
have told them not to do it did he need
to ask them for their advice when he
already knew what they would say and it
wasn't going to be what he decided to do
there's only one person who needs to
make the decision
wasn't dan comes and it doesn't really
matter how he found out because Trump
made the decision
people probably should have told dan
coates a little sooner I assume somebody
in his organization you know might have
heard wind of it before the media and
you know what even if even if Trump I
don't know if this happened but even if
Trump had told the media before he told
even one person am i okay with that yep
totally okay with that whose decision is
it Trump's decision alone his decision
alone what does everybody else have to
do with that decision they find out
about it after he makes it so the end
codes found out about it after he makes
it is that ideal no probably not
wouldn't it yeah it looked better if
everybody knew and they were on the same
page but does it matter no it does not
- remember that disastrous summit that
President Trump had with Putin he said
things about our intelligence agencies
that most people agree with but he said
it while he was standing next to Putin
and so it's the worst thing in the world
and so I read about the end of the world
and I saw about stories about the end of
the world because of that horrible
horrible tragedy at the summit that
Trump said something that shocked people
because he's never done that before has
Trump ever done anything that shocked
people I'm so surprised and then the
next day after that terrible tragedy at
the summit I woke up and I got myself
some coffee and I thought to myself this
coffee will be ruined now how can I go
on because of that awkward thing that
happened at that summit in another
country let me tentatively taste my
coffee wait a minute this coffee tastes
exactly the same as yesterday my clothes
are not on fire and I still have my job
I'm
pretty sure it was the end of the world
this week why is everything looked the
same am I already dead am I in heaven
why is nothing worse
CNN told me things were worse but my
coffee tastes exactly the same
it's not even dripping out of the bottom
of the cup how could this be how can I
explain my world my world doesn't make
sense so the president's critics have
some good points to make they're not
necessarily completely making up news
and there are criticisms of what
happened at the first summit are not
completely off base they just are
completely unimportant did he say would
or wouldn't it doesn't really matter did
he say know about putin's meddling and
cyber cyber cyber ways it doesn't really
matter we know what he thinks we know
what the government thinks we know what
his strategy is it's a good strategy and
seems to be heading in the right
direction do we care that Dan Coates was
surprised about the information and that
he was not consulted on something that
his opinion would not have mattered in
any way nope
coffee still tastes the same now if
President Trump and Putin succeed in
calming the Middle East getting a good
result in North Korea maybe even taking
down their nuclear threats toward each
other
is anybody goo remember any of this will
the will the historians say just imagine
think of the future it's a year from now
and there's tremendous progress on
everything nuclear from you know Iran to
North Korea to the US and and Russian
stockpiles will the historians say yeah
they made tremendous progress working
together but we can't get over that wood
and wooden thing and we were shocked
that dan coates was surprised about
something at an event
somewhere no historians will not
remember any of that they will not care
so what do we expect out of this
upcoming summit first of all it's
classic Trump to media once he has all
of this energy yeah there was so much
hair on fire and reporting and yeah and
explaining that he took all of this
energy and then he refocused it as he
does I've told you the 50% of persuasion
is just keeping your attention because
whatever your attention is on you will
eventually convince yourself is more
credible more important than whatever
else you were thinking of because you're
just focused on so now we're focused on
this summit and the president has has
brought into focus well let me yeah let
me tell you something else that connects
a few dots remember I kept telling I
keep telling you for two years now or so
that the president likes to shake the
box
whenever the variables are not lined up
in a way that's good for him he'll shake
the box and if he still doesn't get it
what he wants he'll shake again and
he'll shake again and I've said that
only he can shake the box and he can do
it as many times as he needs to
until the variables light up the way he
wants and that other people can't shake
the box so they have a big disadvantage
they can't shake the box because they
can't take the heat you watch the
president shake the hell out of the
Russia box by having the summit and
didn't go exactly the way people planned
and what happened because he shook that
box what variables are different there
are some important variables that got
shifted around in the box here's the
most important variable how important
did you think it was had a few years ago
or even six months ago the Russian cyber
meddling you probably thought it was
important but if you are going to make
if I ask you make a list of your top 20
things that you think are the important
things in the world
where would Russia's cyber meddling and
and just Russia's bad acting in the
world where would that be in your top 20
just you know six months ago probably
about that high
now I'm not gonna argue that it should
be higher in the priorities but I will
tell you that it is so the president has
taken this lower level you know second
tier priority in the public's mind I'm
not saying it's not important I'm not
saying that our experts are wrong about
the you know that the incredible risk
there is I'm just saying that in the
public's mind it just was sort of down
the list somewhere it was way after the
economy way after North Korea and where
is it right now top of the headlines is
it more important because we're talking
about it and focusing on it and and
Trump has created a lot of energy around
it
well it didn't get more important it
just got more attention and what is that
duck it has it has hardened the American
public's opinion against Trump I'm sorry
yeah well that half the half the public
is against Trump but at the same time
whether or not they're against Trump
separately the entire public left and
right is against Putin and specifically
against him messing with us that level
of energy that variable is new Trump
shook the box until the public left and
right lined up with him against an
external threat now he's not treating it
as an external threat he's playing his
smarter he's saying two things be our
friend be our friend being our friend is
great it's great you know the key the
proverbial carrot hey it's a delicious
carrot I've got the best carrots our
carrots are awesome you
should have a carrot would you like a
carrot so he's got the carrot part
better than anybody's ever done it and
remember the importance of contrast it's
not enough to say will hurt you if you
don't want do what we want you also need
the big contrast play which is and if
you do what we like oh my god we could
change the world you could be one of the
greatest leaders of all time mr. Putin
which is true by the way completely true
Putin has this amazing place in the
world right now where he can be despite
anything he's been you know accused of
true or not
he is the center of history right now
and he can either become one of the
greatest leaders even with his laws I'm
not I'm not discounting any of the bad
stuff you know we all know what it is we
could we can all make our list of bad
Putin behavior but if he decides to go
legit if you will and work with Trump on
denuclearizing and is productive in the
Middle East and all that he becomes one
of the greatest leaders in history it
will really be amazing
Trump has created that and if nothing if
if Putin had simply played well with us
before you know let's say a year ago or
before Trump let's say would Putin have
gotten as much credit not really he just
would have been a bad guy that we pushed
into helping us somehow or or or he's
just not even part of the important part
of the story you see he's a he's just a
footnote but Trump has elevated him to
the center stage and put the entire
focus of you know the of the American
public on Putin Putin now has something
to gain and something to lose that just
didn't exist before at least not and
that scale not in that level of
importance but Trump has created an
asset and of nothing how many times have
you heard me say that he has conjured up
an asset out of nothing but psychology
and you know persuasion in which Putin
has a huge thing to gain
being one of the most important leaders
of all history if he partners with Trump
a or one of the biggest losers of all of
history because the president has also
made it clear that he would be Putin's
worst enemy
what does he mean by that it means it
means what you think it doesn't mean war
in all likelihood because I don't think
we'd be that dumb but does it mean that
Putin's going to have a successful
leadership for the rest of his time on
this earth it does not Putin would not
have a good rest of his life and and
Trump would make sure that very very
cleanly and decisively
I believe nobody believes that Trump
would forget about it if he gets screwed
here and and nobody would feel bad if he
returned the favor in a very aggressive
way so so we have this situation where
the variables are now different the the
American public is aligned against Putin
so if if things went bad and the
president said look we're going to have
to get super rough on Russia because the
Putin he's got the public on his side
now both left and right how often does
that happen
so the variables are not what they were
the variables even because and here's
the here's the coincidence or or not
part because the first summit was
reported widely reported to be not good
on a number of levels that brought all
the attention exactly where Trump needs
it to set the table for the second
meeting how would you like to be Putin
and walk into the summit in October and
have nothing to offer think about it
imagine Putin's showing up in Washington
and having nothing to offer and imagine
that you know it's been a few more
months of bad behavior and he's just
walking into the White House doing
nothing for us how does that meeting
going to go
how's the rest of Putin's life gonna go
not so well
so yeah it would make Putin look foolish
there's also a very important thing
going on that I'm gonna call the bro
code for the women who are watching this
this will be a mysterious conversation
in which you will not completely
understand what's going on here probably
some of you might you've heard something
called the bro code there's sort of a an
understood way that men deal with other
men that is different than the way men
would deal with let's say a crowd
different than they would deal with a
family member different than they would
deal with a woman no matter what the
relationship was two men have sort of an
understanding that's just built into
culture and experience that there are
some rules at play that are not written
down into her here's one of the rules
President Trump took a lot of heat to
help rehabilitate Putin in other words
to allow Putin to even stand on the
world stage President Trump had to eat
about a mile of in public presence
so even though President Trump you know
has doubled down and said yes Russia you
know did a lot of cyber stuff but metals
in the election he's confirmed that a
number of times but in public and when
he talks about Putin he's giving him all
kinds of forgiveness if you can call it
that and I would get rid of this guy
he's giving him all kinds of respect
Putin because of the bro code
owes Trump a favor he owes him a favor
this has nothing to do with politics it
has nothing to do with has nothing to do
with
diplomacy it has a lot to do it has a
lot to do with just the bro code there's
just a way that people that to two males
work with each other
now if Putin violates what we want as a
country he's yeah he's in a lot of
trouble if Putin top of that violates
the bro code in other words if he just
screws the president who just gave him
space and protected him essentially in
public if Putin does that he's crossed
the line that you can't uncross and I
think he knows it so I would expect a
favorable result in October but it will
be reported as if it's the end of the
world coming by the enemy press Trump
begged himself yes sort of yes so the
you saw it the last summit there was
this talk about hey what if Muller goes
over to Russia and talks to the suspects
in the in the election meddling in
return what if some Russian law
enforcement people of some sort come to
the United States and on our soil we'll
talk to some people related to that bill
Browder situation now the experts the
diplomats said oh you can't do that you
can't you can't give up our diplomats
just because your your your Putin's best
friend you know you can never give up an
ambassador you know or or a diplomat you
got it you got to keep that diplomatic
immunity going well here's the thing
that whole offer of you know exchanging
people none of that was real neither
Putin nor Trump could have possibly
thought that was a good idea but it
sounded good it was you know something
you say in public and it sounded like oh
that's reasonable
I guess well that's better than nothing
but when you come right down to it what
would that look like keeping in mind
that the laws of the other
don't apply you know in a foreign land
so what's the worst-case scenario for
whoever Russia wants to talk to here's
the worst-case scenario that person goes
to a meeting in which there's heavy
security and talks to their Russian law
enforcement and the Russian law
enforcement says here's my question and
the diplomat says I'm not going to
answer that and then they ask another
question and diplomat says I'm not going
to answer that
etc until the Russian the Russian legal
whoever they are just leaves now what
recourse does Russia have if the
diplomat just says I'm in America and I
don't really have to answer your
question that's it
and there's security standing there and
you're in America you're perfectly safe
that's it that's the whole meeting the
whole meeting is just the diplomats
saying I'm not going to talk to you now
could the diplomat talk to the Russians
and answer their questions if they
wanted to well they could but it would
be stupid because the right the right
approach is to create a precedent there
yeah you can come over take a flight
over you could be in the room with me
and my heaviest security but I'm never
going to answer a question for a foreign
country it's just not going to happen so
likewise if Muller goes over to talk to
the Russians you would assume that the
Russians would lie about everything or
just not answer questions and it
wouldn't matter because Muller has no
power he can't indict them you can't you
can't find them guilty of obstruction of
justice so it's a toothless ridiculous
offer that they exchange people just I
think it was designed to sound like
there was something that wasn't nothing
but it was closer to nothing than
something giving Tony Podesta immunity
yeah I saw something about that story
but I don't know enough about it or what
the implication of that is but it does
look like
yeah yeah Manafort some big troll why
are you assuming it's on home soil Scott
because and no American would go to a
neutral place to talk to Russian law
enforcement about something they don't
want to talk to there's no law that
would force them to do it and they
certainly wouldn't do it willingly this
is part of an existing treaty with
Russia makes sense all right that's all
for now I got to do some stuff I'll talk
to you later bye