hey everybody come on in here it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams and the
simultaneous sip yeah it's good it's
really good and then we'll talk about
fascinating things hey Omar thanks for
the super art and all you need to
prepare for today's episode is a copper
margaret glass of tanker challenger
stein in the canteen junker flask a
fossil if any can you fill it with your
favorite what I like coffee and join me
now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine the end of the day the thing
that makes everything better including
the pandemic it's called the
simultaneous sip go so got a message
this morning from Bjorn Lomborg you may
know of him as a well known let's say
voice I don't know how to characterize
him but he's a well-known voice on
climate change and his whose special
niche niche is ignition each his special
niche is saying that yeah there might be
a problem with warming but we're not
doing a good job calculating the
economics of it so he's focusing on the
risk management part of it not whether
or not it happened that's you know he's
not a scientist and he's got a new book
out and I'm gonna offer to interview him
but here's my question
I'm considering putting buy any any
interviews I do maybe putting them
behind or putting them on only the the
locals app so that I'm also sure I want
to
interviews for my regular periscope so
that's the question
you could either message me directly or
or tell me in the comments so the no I
wouldn't call him a climate skeptic
somebody is trying to characterize Bjorn
Lomborg as a climate skeptic I wouldn't
use that term I think he's more of a
claim it analyst or you know he works
with economists as well as people who
understand the science so it's more
about taking a more comprehensive look
at the the business part of it I think I
would that's how I would characterize
them I wouldn't call them as skeptic and
the in the classic sense of someone who
doesn't think there is a problem all
right
so if you think you would like to see me
doing interviews in my normal morning
periscope let me know but I can also do
those offline and then they would just
be available if you wanted to see them
and here's my here's my reasoning on
this I think that the the population of
people who watch the morning periscopes
and temporarily the evening ones
probably you're coming for me right I
mean I don't know how to say that with
huh that was sounding like too much of a
jerk but I'm just trying to be a market
analyst here and say all right well if
people are coming for one thing why
would I change it unless it was better
so I guess that's the question would you
like it better if I interviewed
interesting people all right you know
what I'm getting tired of I'm getting
tired of the press reporting on stuff
without telling us whether
hydroxychloroquine is part of the story
and it's starting to get really obvious
isn't it
well looking at your comments it looks
like okay yeah it looks like there's a
lot of support for doing it offline
meaning just put it on the the locals
platform oh good I actually
I'm a little bit surprised because I
thought there would be more of a mixed
response but that's actually my instinct
was the same that see that see here's
here's my thinking the reason that you
watch an interview is for the person
who's being interviewed right so there's
no reason to assume that people who were
coming to my periscopes also want to see
whoever the interview person is so it
just makes sense that you'd said you'd
have those separate all right we'll do
that
so Boris Johnson he went from being in
the ICU to miraculously a lot better
did he use the hydroxychloroquine as a
throw Meissen and zinc why don't you
know that write it or has it been
reported as I've been reported and I
just missed it does anybody know the
answer does board did Boris Johnson take
those meds now yeah I'm I think I've
seen enough people saying no interviews
on this platform so I think I'll take
your advice on that and thank you thank
you by the way one of the things that's
really fun about this experience you
know what we're doing right now and I
think you feel it as well is that even
though it's sort of a mass broadcast
platform it's also personal and and sort
of immediately responsive to the
audience you know what I do is it's
almost like it's a live audio out
there's a live audience but not in
person in the sense that I'm adjusting
based on the response all the time so
that's kind of makes it more fun because
it can evolve in this natural way so
yeah pressure tell us more about
hydroxychloroquine so I had thousands of
fault people unfollowed me this week and
all for the same reasons which is
they they were badly brainwashed at some
point in their life and don't know it
now that's my hypothesis let me let me
support that way of thinking with the
following anecdote when I was in sixth
grade my sixth grade teacher did an
exercise with the class that I think
changed me forever it didn't do it right
away
but as I thought about the experience I
think it forever changed how I see the
world and here was the exercise he asked
us each the students to come up one at a
time and write on the write on the
chalkboard in front of the class
something we would be willing to die for
to die for I remember we were 12 years
old so each of us go up and we're like I
don't know you know and so it's my turn
to go up to write something that I would
die for but of course I'm kind of
anticipating what the teacher is looking
for he was at he was a military veteran
you know very patriotic kind of guy and
I think i intuited that what he was
looking for you know sort of like yeah
I'm good with multiple-choice tests
because I could tell what they're
looking for so I go up there and I think
I think he's looking for freedom as the
answer so I go up to the board all right
you have freedom I'd be willing to die
for freedom and of course you know he
praised me for my excellent answer
but it wasn't so much my answer as
knowing that that was the answer he was
looking for but I've never forgotten
that moment and here's why can a 12 year
old make a rational decision about life
and death can they is there any
twelve-year-old whose brain is developed
enough that they can look at the the
whole situation and say yeah it does
make sense that I would die for this
thing the answer is no no you're not you
haven't developed adult critical
thinking so if you have a firm
pi√±on about something at 12 years old as
everybody in the class seemed to because
well you know once I put that answer up
there everybody's like oh you have
freedom we die for that it's obvious
when you look back at it that it was
just the result of brainwashing
now when I say brainwashing I don't mean
bad because Society trains its youth to
get an outcome this good for society and
ideally good for the youth as well so
when we're training and educating and
you know teaching people their culture
and giving them religion and giving them
patriotism that's nothing but
brainwashing because it happens that
children who are far too young to make
any kind of critical decision anyway but
really there's somebody saying no to
this are there actually people who are
disagreeing the children are being
brainwashed to be Patriot I don't know
if you're a disagree with that thought
how could you possibly disagree with
that Wow
most of the comments are disagreeing
that we brainwash children I'm amazed
well you're completely wrong so look
let's just stay with the assumption
you're completely wrong I will I will
have defaults my expertise in hypnosis
and persuasion to say the the the Pledge
of Allegiance is just brainwashing but
it's very good brainwashing in other
words if you were the boss and you've
got to decide okay Scott would you
continue doing the Pledge of Allegiance
knowing as you're describing it is that
it's brainwashing I'd say yeah hell yeah
it's really good because there's nothing
wrong with patriotism it's a good system
the and although I'm not a believer I'm
very Pro religion so if children are you
know brought into that religious belief
well before they have critical thinking
most of the time it works out great
so don't be thrown by my use of the word
brainwashing you could easily just
substitute in
educated right and then it feels okay
it's like oh we educated kids just the
way you do it for children is you don't
ask them for their opinion you just tell
them what to think because that's how
you educate kids before they have reason
reasonable skills alright so um when it
and now these children who were let's
say educated so it'll make you feel
better they were educated to value
patriotism and the other values of our
society and that's all good I'm glad
that they were and I'm glad I was I'm
glad I was likewise educated but then
you grow up and you've got these
reflexes that are sort of designed into
you so once you do develop the ability
to do critical thinking do you use it
because it's kind of hard to use your
critical thinking if you spent a
lifetime with just this reflex training
it's like freedom I'll die for it you
don't really think that through did you
it's just a reflex at this point you
know you love your country you know you
you believe in your religion it's just a
reflex
and so I I would say that the thousands
of people who wouldn't fall in me I
won't to speak for every one of them of
course because they're different people
but my suspicion is that their early
education and reflex thinking was too
strong for them to overcome with their
sense of reason here's why so the thing
that people got mad about was that I
said what if you had an app in which you
could voluntarily voluntarily give up
your personal information and maybe you
would find some hot spots based on your
reporting of your symptoms and people
said no way you can't give up your
freedom in the form of personal
information in this case but you know
don't give up freedom but not really any
critical look at the whole situation
because if you're arguing that you don't
want to give up your personal
information but you have a driver's
license and you have a credit card
and you pay taxes and you have a
smartphone that that ship sailed you've
given up all of your private information
if there's some other little minor thing
that you voluntarily give up say did I
have a cough on Tuesday did I have a
coffin Tuesday that's the personal
information that you're worrying about
giving up it is voluntary really you've
given up all of your financial stuff all
of your preferences because your
financial stuff shows you your
preferences they can find out your
browser history they can find every
conversation you made they know your
taxes they know where you been
and the thing you're worried about this
is some people might self-report that
they've got a headache
on Tuesday are you kidding me that's the
thing you're worried about now the
argument is that it's you know sure it's
voluntary now but what if the government
requires it
well what if they do they required a
driver's license that didn't kill you
they required a a fishing license you
survive that right you kids have to go
to school if even if they don't want to
somehow we survived so routinely the
government makes restrictions on your
freedom and if you don't like them the
public and you know do something about
it later and then and but the most
controversial thing I said which there
is a some idiots on the conservative
tree house decided to take me out of
context and misinterpret me so here's
what to do to to here's what they
interpreted let's see if I can find
their quote because oh yeah I can't find
it I thought I wrote it down but anyway
the thing that they
got upset about who wrote a little
hippies on me today is that I said that
the sewer so here's my tweet the sooner
that the public realizes that they will
have to give up privacy to to beat the
coronavirus the sooner we can beat it
what the conservative treehouse changed
that to is should they actually inserted
the word should my statement is an
observation I observe that that are
concerned about privacy and are reflex
for freedom is preventing us from the
obvious solutions which would be to know
if somebody has it and doesn't have it
to check your you know genetics to see
if there's anything that makes you
especially susceptible you know that
sort of thing
it may be you know checking your
location or something so I'm not saying
that those are you know that you have to
like those things or even that they
would necessarily be effective but I'm
pretty sure that the solution to the
corona virus will will involve at least
a little bit whatever that looks like at
least a little bit of giving up your
privacy temporarily now you know could
the government keep keep doing whatever
it's doing forever if you give it up
temporarily it's a slippery slope
well yeah they could but that's the
problem with literally everything in
life there's somebody could do the wrong
thing any time it's not special there's
nothing special about this the
government can do bad things and try to
get away with it many time they want
nothing special all right let's see I I
made an observation that I'm sure will
turn into nothing but it's kind of
interesting so I'll talk about it if
there's a if there's a genetic marker
for who's more vulnerable and there's
some speculation in this scientific and
medical community either there's
something about your ace two receptors
in your lungs
and I think you could genetically test
to see if you have that that
characteristic there seems to be
something that in a general way it might
track with different ethnic groups but
that doesn't necessarily mean if you're
within that ethnic group that you you
have those receptors or don't it's just
more correlated as I understand it now
that doesn't mean that any of that if it
were actually tested in more rigorous
fashion would be correlated with
outcomes I don't know that that's true
but here's what I noticed there did seem
to be at least by eyeball but not
necessarily if you really dug into it at
least by eyeball it seems that people of
Germanic background were having better
outcomes so for example in Germany has a
low death rate Denmark seems to be doing
okay and Sweden is not having a good
outcome in terms of their death rate
their death rate is above 8% which if
you ranked it in the world it wouldn't
be very good but they also didn't do
much mitigation so the fact that Sweden
is higher than Germany's and Denmark
makes sense because they didn't do as
much to stop it but then you look at the
United States and you look at these
states within the United States that
have the greatest population of Germanic
people who settled and they also have
for the most part it's not a 100%
correlation but for the most part they
have also low death rates now the other
they have other things in other
correlations so it would be hard to
tease out what's really the cause what
is it for example the states that also
have the greatest Germanic populations
and the United States also happened to
be not very dense and they don't have a
lot of international travel so it could
easily just be that right it could
easily be that it's just a coincidence
as soon as you studied at the you know
any kind of genetic difference would
fall away but there's certainly enough
suspicion that it's worth looking into
especially because young healthy people
do dive don't you think that if you
tested the young healthy people it's
less likely that you would find they had
some hidden health problem like oh they
actually had a hard problem we didn't
know about that could be the whole
answer actually but the other
possibility is that there is some
genetic thing and how hard would it be
to find it some people in the comments
on Twitter said it's really really hard
to find a genetic cause for any disease
because we've looked for it for other
diseases and it's really complicated
it's it's not like it's you know one
part of your DNA it might be a
combination of things etc and I think
yeah that that sounds like that's
probably true as a general statement but
here's my question here's my question if
if you have a suspicion that it sees a
Stu inhibitors couldn't you just look at
that because given that we know it's a
lung related problem if you just looked
at just love related genetic issues that
we know are things would we not at least
rule it in or rule it out
so at the very least I would think you
know and I think I've heard that there
is some genetic study going on maybe
more than one place so I suspect they
can't take that long to get that data
because it's not the genetic study isn't
correct me if I'm wrong about this but
if you're looking at the genes for a
correlation you don't have to do it I
don't think you have to do a controlled
study I think you just have to look at
the outcomes and then look at the genes
and say other people with these genes
have better outcomes I think right so we
should be able to just take a bunch of
blood samples from people who have known
outcomes
wouldn't we be done in maybe two weeks
two weeks if you're working hard
couldn't you test enough to know if
there's something there so my feeling is
that has been about two weeks since I
first heard that somebody I don't know
who was going to start looking into that
so any day now I'm expecting that we're
going to find out if that's a thing and
maybe that gives us a little more
information for battling this thing now
of course the things you have to watch
out for is that pollution is correlated
we found that out for sure obviously
population density whether there's mass
transit how much they try to mitigate
when they got it
do they have alidade elevators is an
international hub you know sir do they
have a lot of unhealthy people do the
old people live with the young people in
this town so you have lots of different
factors but maybe we could tease them if
there's a genetic all right so I'm I'm
moving closer to the opinion I don't
have any firm opinion yet about what the
exact right go back to work strategy
would be so anybody who is hating me for
suggesting ideas is not really
understanding that I'm not promoting
ideas I'm just brainstorming right I'm
just I'm surfacing ideas see how people
react if the way people react is no I
will not give up my privacy it doesn't
matter if it's rational or not if it
turns out that you can't convince people
they should give up a trivial bit of
privacy such as did you off on Tuesday
you know if that's a problem and people
can't be talked out of it
well that that informs your policy pop
the possibilities you know because you
have to deal with the whole person the
rational part that's small and the
irrational part that's gigantic so of
course since you need compliance you're
gonna have to get people on board but
I'm moving closer to this opinion so
this is an uninformed opinion you can
just see it in process it goes like this
the big problem about sending some
people back to work is not their risk in
other words we do live in a country in
which we we sort of generally agree that
if an individual has an opportunity to
take a risk that only affects them
we're gonna be a little flexible about
that because that that is just you know
your your human freedom to take the
risks that make sense for you but we get
a little prickly as a society or any
society if your personal risks cost
someone else money so if the thing
you're doing is gonna raise my taxes or
raise my health care or make me pay for
more police force or whatever if it's
gonna affect me you know then I want to
vote on that now here's where I'm
governing this we have situations in
society where people have different risk
levels and we compensate from that take
car insurance the people who have the
highest risk pay the most car insurance
and we mostly are okay with that
even though it seems to be terribly
unfair you know compared to everything
else we do in life because you know when
I was a young man I was in the category
of risky drivers but I wasn't personally
risky because I didn't take you know I
didn't drive especially fast I had good
reflexes you know you could do the
checklist so I just wasn't a risky
personality but I was still in that
category and I was still I complained
about it constantly but I'm not going to
you know start a revolution over it
because there is a credible reason that
it's done and the reason is you kind of
do want to move the risk as much as you
can to the people who are the risky
people this society says that feels
better feels more fair we don't have to
do it but if that's the only way the
society can say yeah I hate it but I get
why you're doing it sometimes that's the
best you can do and so here's my
question is there a way that the people
who want to take on the personal risk of
going back to work is there a way that
we can let them do that but also somehow
wolof that risk so they're they're the
only ones that take it now the obvious
answer that is yeah because the people
at risk can most in most cases they can
choose
to sequester themselves so severely that
they're really not taking the same risk
so that's one way that the risky people
can go to work
grandma cand you know lock herself in a
room for three months if she chooses
she doesn't have to but she could but
could we go further than that could we
because here's my concern and it's not
the only concern but you know as we're
working through the options some things
start to rise up as more important than
others I don't want my healthcare
service to be unavailable to me because
someone else decided that their risk
reward was sufficient for them to go
back to work
in other words other people's choice
about risk will fairly immediately
impact me or could could in terms of my
healthcare availability etc and that's
very important so is there a way that
you could wall off the the healthcare
burden so that people who do want to
take that risk would be I'll just throw
this out as a possibility you could say
yes if you get the coronavirus you can
go to this hospital but not any of the
other ones in your area so just throw
again an idea here so you'd have one
hospital you know it would be would not
be over capacity when you start but
you'd say that people want to go back
alright if you get trouble the only
hospital that's going to take you is the
one we've designated and if you're going
back to work causes a lot of you to be
dying well you might have to be waiting
in line and dying on the sidewalk
because it's just gonna be this one
hospital everybody who decided not to go
back to work and just wanted to
sequester there they're gonna get you
know these other hospitals so they can
get their operations and their heart
surgeries and everything else now I'm
not saying that's the perfect answer I'm
giving you an example of how you could
creatively shift the risk from the
people who say that's not a risk I want
to take to the people who quite
reasonably say I will take that risk
you know I'm an American
freedom I take that risk can you wall it
off and just you know find a way to
limit it now you could do it with
financially that would be another way
you could just say you can go back to
work but given that there's going to be
such a burden to the healthcare system
would you mind those of you go back to
work let's say pay 10% extra on your
healthcare for six months yeah you can
go back to work we're just going to move
the the burden of the the risk so that
you're the ones taking it and the ones
who don't want to take the risk don't
have to now again I'm not saying that's
the answer what I'm saying you have the
freedom to not earn money correct yeah
everybody wouldn't be weighing their
physical risk with their economic risk
and everything else but I'm I'm I have
empathy for the the freedom-loving
people who say you know let us decide if
we want to take that risk that's a
strong that's a strong argument but I
think we could tweak it so that the risk
is moved to the people who who accept it
voluntarily and then I think society
would just be more comfortable with that
because all of our solutions are going
to be suboptimal you want the one that's
at least at least a little bit
comfortable let's say why is it that the
Swedes so I've got lots of questions on
comparable countries I tweeted out I
think it was real clear politics had an
excellent list that looks like it's
updated all the time and it's a really
good breakdown of the deaths
raw numbers and also deaths per capital
which is what I was looking for
per capita deaths per capita for each
country so you could rank them and see
if there's anything about them that they
can learn now since all the countries
are handling things differently it's
kind of hard just to eyeball it but when
you do eyeball out you see some of the
correlations one is the Germanic
countries seem to be
doing well so you know Germany Austria
has I forgot about in Austria Austria
has a super low low death rate and so
does Germany so it could be that there
are some countries they have more
hydroxyl chloroquine maybe the ones that
you have a lot so there might be other
correlations there but here's the
question that jumped out to me so the
Swedes famously did not do aggressive
government-mandated you know lock down
apparently a number of citizens are
taking it upon themselves to work in a
little more not commute or keep their
kids home from school but in general the
Swedes did not take the the heavy-handed
government boot process but here's the
data I don't know what's happening in
their hospitals so I can see the death
rate and I can see the infection rate
and that's good that gives me a little
bit of visibility but the Swedes are
deciding - well let me put it this way
why don't I know in this if the Swedish
hospitals are overrun already why don't
I know that doesn't that come down to
like the most important thing because if
Sweden is saying now we'll just play it
by ear and their hospitals are not
overrun that's kind of a really
important fact isn't it like really
really important
somebody says 40 percent of Swedes work
from home I think I need a fact check on
that I wouldn't doubt it I mean it could
be so and also there's some there's some
evidence that the Swedes are not doing
as much testing so it's possible that
their infection rate is higher than
reported but all of that would still end
up in hospital deaths so the key thing
is what's going on in the hospitals in
Sweden and why are they not worried that
the hospitals are overrun and again what
question does the press not tell us
hydroxychloroquine is Sweden using a lot
of it
are all the countries that are having a
good outcome Germany Austria do they
have a lot of hydroxychloroquine now it
could be that it's not important but I
think I'd like that reported too so
every time we see in fact here's what
I'd like to see I would like to see the
the the same chart that
RealClearPolitics has that shows the
death rates by country per capita but
there should also be a column that says
whether you know let's just say high
medium and low usage of
hydroxychloroquine because it'd be hard
to get you know too much specifics on
that but you could probably rate to the
countries in terms of whether they're
being aggressive and giving it to people
early or they're playing it by ear or
they just don't have any you know those
three cases thought is there a
correlation I mean by now we should see
it in the death rates right well what
would you what would you think was true
if Germany and Ireland and Austria who
all have unusually low death rates what
would you think was true if they also
had high use of hydroxychloroquine I
mean that would tell you something right
all right
every day on Twitter people are still
asking me what makes this virus special
now how do you not know that by now
right how could you have gotten this far
in the world and this far into the year
and not know that this virus is not like
the other ones how do you not know that
I mean that's not even a criticism I'm
just curious like how do you even know
that at the very least how do you not
know that it's having an impact on
hospitals is that is that a fact that
nobody mentioned I don't know
it's puzzling all right
let's see so yeah all the people who or
don't want the government to collect
their private information the reason
that I say it's probably a reflex that
they say that is I don't think they
think through that the government has
all their personal information and if
the government has any reason to look
into you they just file some paperwork
with the courts and they've got all your
information everything that you're
following everything else so your
private information that was gone a long
time ago all right it looks like I've
hit my high points here let me just make
sure oh here's an idea that was
suggested by a dentist so as you know
dentists have you know medical training
of a special sort and they're used to
dealing with infected people you know
the dentist's office you know worked
right through the the AIDS epidemic and
still do so dentists are very
experienced in using PPE and protecting
themselves etc and here was the idea
since dentists can't really do their
work and at the moment because they're
closed with everybody else so there's
densest suggests letting dentist offices
test their patients and I thought that
probably makes sense I'll bet a dentist
would be perfectly qualified you know
with a little bit of instruction that it
had to work a test and make sure that
you know the samples don't get spilled
on everybody and then they could also
test people and if you have the kind of
test where you get a reaction fairly
quickly
you know the tests that are you know
five to fifteen minutes are even faster
if the dentist says all right you're
good 15 minutes after you after the
sample is taken then the dentist can do
the dental work so basically you test
them in the the waiting area and if they
testified you take them in the back and
you do your work and I thought
good idea so that would suggest that
maybe some of the higher priority places
for testing equipment might be dentists
offices because I can't imagine too many
dentists who would say no to that right
because their offices are closed unless
they figure out was some way to you know
some way past it and and given that most
of them would jump in and help and maybe
people would pay for the tests as well
as the the dentistry why not
seems like a good idea so I was asked on
Twitter to boost that idea so that's
what I'm doing
boosted it alright I think that's about
it for today so Oh somebody says that's
a brilliant idea
well I wish I had been my idea it is a
brilliant idea I think it wasn't mine
but it's a good one
they give infections I suppose alright
I'm just gonna look at some of your
comments is there anything that I said
today that is bugging you especially
Scott's health that app tells the feds
you missed a dose and you get cops at
your door to force some pills you know
the the slippery slope people are the
least rational among us are you sticking
with your five thousand net deaths I am
yes I am sticking with it which does not
mean that therefore it'll be accurate
but I am sticking with it as being
closer than any other public forecast so
that doesn't mean a right we'll find out
now for those of you who knew when I say
net we know we're saving tens of
thousands of lives just by having the
economy shut down because we're not
having the same kinds of traffic
accidents you'd have to add back in and
the extra suicides and domestic murders
I guess so you'd have to include
everything plusses and minuses but I
think if you do that we might end up
closer to 5,000
Beth's which would be a gross of maybe
50,000 so somewhere around 50,000 gross
deaths because I'm thinking that the
estimate of 60,000 will probably come
down again but let's say 650 thousand
deaths you're probably going to subtract
down 40,000 people are you saved it's
gonna be around 10,000 I asked him in a
5,000 would be the closest one in the
country I think Scott is the idea that
freedom is valuable for its own sake
only the result of brainwashing yes yes
it is that is correct
their freedom being valuable for its own
sake is a ridiculous idea and you would
only have that if you were brainwashed
if you're not brainwashed you'd say well
freedom is one variable let me look at
my other variables okay I'll balance of
all and you know sometimes I'll give a
little bit of freedom up that'll get a
big gain you know give a little bit of
freedom up but at least you know I got
my operation so no there's if somebody
thinks that freedom is just sort of a
universal good and you don't have to ask
any other questions that would be
brainwashing absolutely does the White
House monitor my ideas well I don't know
what monitor means I will tell you that
my followers on periscope and on Twitter
include lots of people in lots of places
from from Congress to White House so I I
do know from confirmation from various
people that I have high visibility so a
lot of people are seeing my ideas I just
don't know who and when can I try to get
Trump on periscope with you yes yes I
will do that I will try to get Trump on
periscope I think we have to get closer
to the election but there's not a zero
chance that I could get him I don't
think the odds are good
you know I think the odds of you know
getting Trump to do a two-minute you
know connection on periscope with me or
you know low odds are low but you know
probably 200,000 people would see it you
know double my normal traffic if if he
was on there and having 200,000 people
hear your message and in an election
season it's not a terribly use of time
and obviously I would be a you know an
interesting interview let's say
brainwashing or setting the social
standards same thing somebody says you
constantly selling past the sale it's
your main way well people who know
persuasion do that just automatically so
your right eye is Chris Cuomo on the
Trump pills well my same complaint why
don't you know that don't you think that
CNN should report whether or not Chris
Cuomo was taking the Trump pills I guess
George Stephanopoulos and his wife also
tested positive wouldn't don't you think
ABC and they would want to tell you if
they used the the Trump pills you know
the hydroxychloroquine anything more in
your prediction from yesterday
regarding a big news this week did I say
it would be this week I don't know if
the news will be this week but there's
some big news coming but no update on
that
oh if somebody says start with Don jr.
yeah I would probably would have a
relatively greater odds that he would
say yes that's a good idea I'll try that
actually do you believe if we were being
told all the government knows about this
pandemic no I don't not that that's
necessarily bad
see he's doing hundreds of calls of the
day yeah you know the president talks to
a lot of people during the day so who
knows interview Chris Cuomo I would love
to do that I doubt you'd say yes but he
would be a great interview who did he
discuss doctors across state borders
with and telemedicine all right in the
case of telemedicine I did make a direct
contact with a staff member of Congress
who did confirm that the idea was
immediately given to the task force and
also confirmed that it got a positive
response as soon as there now that's
very different from saying that that my
suggestion for telehealth you know
allowing people to do it across state
boundaries it's very different from to
say that I suggested it than it is to
say that's why they did it and that
would be a big leap because the reason I
suggested it is that was obvious all
right so if you suggest an idea that
smart people who are working on a
problem should have seen themselves
chances are they did so I can't make any
assumption about anything I did that you
know ultimately change the policy
decisions but I do think it's generally
productive that if you see something
that could be a gap into thinking that
you're you're trying to fill it in you
just check and make sure they thought of
it I mean that has value you just don't
know when it has a lot of value when
should we consider the feet toll a year
from now to naught that is do you read
the Babylon be at Solaris they're great
do you agree with the Patriot Act you
know I've never spent a lot of time
looking into it when well leader be bold
enough to set a date I think that's
coming a few weeks which country
most hack our election we already know
that that's China by far they're already
working hard apparently when will Joe
Biden drop out I don't know that it'll
drop out you know he might he might turn
things over to a vice president
candidate and or vice president if he
got elected but I don't it's starting to
look like he's not going to drop out
it looks like the play is you know for
the important Democrats to make sure
that they've got their vice president in
place of the cabinet and stuff
why can't you pronounce the Trump pill
properly yet hydroxychloroquine
azithromycin know as in through bison
and zinc takes practice I'm not there
yet let's say looking at your questions
is is foul she off the reservation you
know I can't I can't find myself getting
interested in the Trump vs. ouchy stuff
because that feels artificial doesn't it
like do you see anything and the way
that foul Qi talks in public that would
lead you to believe that or Trump that
would lead you to believe that when the
two of them are in a room talking about
stuff that they have any problem I'll
feel like it it feels like they're
working together just fine that doesn't
mean they have to agree on it everything
yeah the foul she's not going to get
fired do you think Mark Cuban will be on
the back to work task force yeah let's
see that's a good question would Mark
Cuban be on I'm gonna say no but not
because he wouldn't be great to be on it
and I think since I can't read his mind
I'm just guessing right so so mark can
speak for himself but just guessing I
believe that both he and I have a
similar situation in way
we probably could give all the input we
want and it would get to the right place
so if you could make all the input you
want and it can get to the right place
you can do it publicly you can send
messages to people you know on the
committee etc maybe you don't have to
attend the meetings right because I'm
not sure I have much to add if I'm one
of 25 people around a big table
listening to people blather about
statistics I don't know if I have
anything to add
but in my special case maybe I can
suggest ideas that people haven't
thought of suggest models of you know
how to do it in a staged way and maybe
something I suggest you know trigger
somebody to think of a better version of
that so that's about all I can do I
don't have you know I don't have the
statistics or the medical background or
I'm not going to do a deep economic
model so the total amount that I could
add to the process I could probably do
from the outside and Mark Cuban might
and again I'm not speaking for him and
won't imagine that I can read his mind
but he has a similar set up to me which
is if if he wants the task force to hear
something he could do it easily
let's see who will run the task force
Navarro
baby doesn't seem like Navarro would be
about the right person to do that do you
think human will run for president this
time I just saw an interview with him
where it didn't sound like it I think he
was sort of keeping the option open
which is just smart but it didn't sound
like he had the fire in his belly and I
think you'd have to have the fire in
your belly by now it's just sort of too
late Cuban said he would do it I think
he would do it under exactly the right
conditions which don't exist so so I
don't know that that's pretty
hypothetical I mean I would do it under
exactly the right conditions
but if he asked me if I if I'm running
for president the answer's no but under
exactly the right conditions so actually
I had offered myself as the emergency
backup in case case trump decides to
retire in the next few months
yeah you just just vote for me you know
I'll just appoint some smart people to
take care of stuff as your emergency
backup so you don't have to but I think
I would have to have done some paperwork
by now so I can't really be I don't
think I can really be in it unless I
think you have to do the paperwork to be
on the party but do you have to do the
paperwork to be in the independent
candidate probably yes you have to get
on the ballot yeah so I think it's too
late anyway that's all for now talk to
you later