[Applause]
hey everybody come on in here you want
something weird do you want to have a
really weird 30 or 40 minutes it came to
the right place
you will be tantalized in the brain area
you'll be amused you might be shocked or
amazed you might think the whole thing
is just too weird for you you never know
what's gonna happen in the next 3040
minutes but it's gonna be good
those of you stay to the end you may
never be the same for sure you'll be a
little older because you know 34 minutes
but maybe even better than that we'll
see I don't want to I don't want to over
promise alright today I'm going to talk
to you about a thing called affirmations
now affirmations I think mean different
things to different people so I'll give
you my explanation I'm not talking about
the affirmations where you look in the
mirror and tell yourself that you're a
good person and you know gosh darn it
people like you that's the the cartoony
version the real version isn't much less
cartoony than that but it's different
and the real version is that you just
write down or repeat in your mind you
could do it out loud I suppose 15 times
a day
some specific kind of an objective that
you have and the idea is that somehow
and it's the somehow that we'll talk
about that's the fun and weird part
somehow simply repeating or writing down
your objective 15 times a day seems to
make it happen not every time obviously
full disclosure I've been talking about
this topic for decades and so lots of
people have tried it and they've
reported back to me a number of people
say they had great results
other people said they didn't I didn't
do any kind of a scientific poll so I
can't tell you how often it works or
doesn't I feel like people would more
likely tell me if it worked so I
probably have a you know oversized the
sense of how how often it worked but I
will tell you the story from my personal
perspective some of you have maybe heard
it or read about it and that will form
the basis upon which you can judge my
credibility so I'll tell you how I was
introduced to this idea how I used it
what happened and then I'll tell you a
little bit more about the technique just
takes about a minute and then we'll talk
about what kind of a universe gives you
even this conversation so we're going to
get weird
after we talk about it okay so first of
all I wrote about this just for a
background in three different books the
Dilber of future in 1997 gods debris in
fiction form 2001 came out on 9/11 fish
that week bad timing for a book and then
more recently at had it failed almost
everything and still went big
if you wanted to just get the the
closest explanation to what I'll be
giving you today it would be in this
latter book how to fail so I was a young
man in my 20s and I had a friend who was
in Mensa so Mensa is the high IQ
organization and she was very smart
because you have to be to be in there
and she read a book I don't remember the
title of the book but she was talking to
me on the phone about it one day and she
said it taught something called the
affirmations and it was this idea of you
know writing down 15 times a day of what
you wanted and she said that she tried
it you know skeptically and a series of
coincidences happened like just bizarre
coincidences they caused her to get the
thing that she was
that she was writing down and I think
she tried it a few times and she talked
about somebody else's experience and she
said you know why don't you try it now
keep in mind I'm highly skeptical maybe
you'll think otherwise when we're done
but you know I'm not a believer in any
kind of supernatural power or lock magic
horoscopes you know pretty much none of
it
yeah I'm just completely skeptical so
how did she talk me into trying
something that has no scientific basis
whatsoever and seems like absolute crap
well did I mention she's in Mensa it
turns out they're very persuasive so
here was our argument doesn't cost you
anything and if it works you'll be able
to basically rewrite your reality you
might even recognize the technique from
Steve Jobs when Steve Jobs was trying to
hire was it Scully
he was trying to hire him to the
President and he didn't want to go and
job said to you do you want to sell
because he was Scully was a head of
Pepsi at the time he said do you want to
sell sugar water for the rest of your
life or changed the world and they
basically you know resigned that moment
I think not quite but so that's the
power of contrast so she used the power
of contrast on me doesn't cost anything
could change the world ah I wish it
hadn't been so simple and and also I was
I was an experimenter I was a seeker so
I I would look into almost anything and
and always well so no matter how weird
the claim I'll look into it a little bit
I'll check it out you know I'm probably
not going to be convinced that your
seance is real or that you're you're
bending a spoon with your mind I
probably won't be convinced but I'll
look into it you guys got a inquiring
mind so I thought all I'll give it a
shot and she gave me this specific
advice she said pick something you know
is not going to happen in any way
because what would be the point right
you'd get your thing that you had been
writing down 15 times a day and then
you'd say to yourself no that probably
would have happened anyway you know so
she said pick something unlikely so I
picked something I thought was pretty
unlikely which was to keep this rated G
in case somebody's watching you later I
wanted to let's say date a specific
woman that I didn't even know somebody
who was in the the company there was a
big company I didn't know her didn't
know where she worked in our name just
something I'd seen in the hallway a few
times and decided oh my goodness but I
picked her as the object of my
affirmation because she was so far out
of my league
just sort of wasn't even close you know
if if I'm being if I'm being properly
modest wasn't really close yeah that the
two of us should never have gone on a
date but we did and it was because of a
series of coincidences that I won't get
into but it was there were weird ones
weird weird coincidences that we even
met I mean how do you just meet the one
stranger and the whole planet you want
to meet and just I didn't even try it
just happened and then the next thing
you know we're in the elevator at the
same time and next thing you know I got
a lunch there she is
next thing I know we're on a date and
when it was all done what did I say to
myself did I say to myself those
affirmations worked really well I I got
something that I knew could have never
happened in any other way did I say that
no I didn't know I didn't what I said to
myself was huh I guess I have more game
than I thought uh who
I guess I had more buying power than I
thought so of course the experiment was
a complete failure because the very
thing that she told me to do didn't work
I didn't take something that I couldn't
later convince myself I'd gotten through
my my own great you know good looks or
talent or something else so I was like
inconclusive experiment so not long
after that I got it in a bet with
somebody at work about whether I could
retake the GM ATS the test you take for
your to see if it can get him to a
school to get your MBA and that I would
retake the test because I'd taken them
before and I'd not scored very well
scored in the 77th percentile I think
which is not good enough to get into a
good school
if I recall I might have been a little
hungover when I took the GMAT the first
time that's the story I'm gonna go with
so just just go with that and the person
I had the bat with had scored I think in
the high eighties and it was taking one
of those review courses to beef up you
know her ability to get an even higher
score and so she should have gone from
like 88 to something higher but they do
tell you that you can't really raise
your score that much you know it's not
really IQ but there's not a lot you can
do you can study the tests and I was
telling her you know those review
classes they're not going to help you at
all and she said oh yeah they will I
said no I don't think you well I don't
think I think it's a scam she said no no
these it's gonna make a big difference
so I made a bet the dumbest thing I've
ever done maybe you know I've done a lot
of dumb things one of the dumb things
I've done I made a bet I said that I
will take the test at the same time you
do because I was thinking about taking
it again anyway and I was score you are
you're your score even though I was in
the high 70s you were in as a high
eighties and you're taking a special
class to get into the 90s
which you would need to get into
Berkeley because she wanted to go to
Berkeley and you know you'd have to get
into somewhere in the low to mid 90s to
get into Berkeley at the time so it was
the dumbest bad because what were the
odds that would happen so I used my
affirmations and because I had taken the
test before I knew what the what the
little output looked like you know that
little the mail that you get that says
here's your score and it says this
little box and I decided that I would
pick as my target from my affirmations
94 so in order for this to happen I
would somehow without taking an account
for a review course magically go from 77
to 94 now I don't know if it's ever been
done but that's a really big ask right
so I thought that is sufficiently
impossible that if that happens I'm
gonna say you know maybe there is
something here so I visualized the exact
mailer assuming it would be similar to
the one before it turned out it was and
and I just imagine seeing a 94 and that
percentile thing and but I did take some
practice tests just you know on my own
because I was okay I didn't have a tutor
or anything I was just taking the
practice nests and every time I took the
practice test
I scored high 70s percentile just like
the first time so I'd take another one
and not the same and every one right in
that zone I'd take it in the morning I'd
take it with coffee I take it under
every condition yeah a bunch of practice
tests and every time I seventies so it
wasn't looking good for Scott the day
comes I take the test she takes the test
time goes by and I go to the mailbox and
there's there's a result I go back to my
little apartment my moldy little
apartment and
hate district of San Francisco living
there by myself
a very sad place and I opened up the
result and I looked for the little box
where I knew the percentile would be and
there was a number
it was 94 and I looked at it and I
thought I'm obviously looking at the
wrong box I'm looking at like a code or
something is it a code and on this day
he says 94 and I looked at it I thought
it can't actually be 94 like not
literally 94 and I would look at it
let's say I think it is and and for
hours this actually happened for four
hours I would look at that piece of
paper and I was sitting just all alone
in my little apartment in San Francisco
and had set it down next to me and I
would lean back and I think I'm not sure
that just happened and I'd have to pick
it up and look at it again and I kept
doing that all night I just kept picking
it up and looking at it and saying what
what if I what if I what have I done so
I ended up going to Berkeley in getting
my MBA almost an accident really it was
based on a bet strangely enough so it
wasn't long after that that I thought
what's the limit to this thing like what
else couldn't it do and is it really
doing anything or am I just imagining
this we'll get to that part so I set
myself a goal of getting rich in the
stock market now remember I had no money
so it would be hard to get rich in the
stock market you know I had maybe a
thousand dollars that I could put into
the stock market and I didn't even have
an account so one day as I'm doing my
affirmations I wake up I said straight
up in bed in the middle of the night
with this thought in my head to buy a
stock and Chrysler now Chrysler at the
time I'm not good on my years but
Chrysler at the time was Bank
so you know they owed the government a
bunch of money and a lot of people were
betting they weren't coming back so
their stock was just you know right at
the edge of oblivion so out of all the
stocks in the world how many stocks do
you think there are say ten thousand ten
thousand stocks maybe I did
zero research woke up sat up and thought
by Chrysler for no reason they hadn't
read an article about it nothing and so
I tried to open an account with Charles
Schwab and my paperwork got lost and it
took too long and in the time it took me
to try to open up an account using snail
mail and stuff getting lost the stock
had gone up I don't know a bunch twenty
percent let's say I forget the exact
number and so by the time I got my
account opened it already going up a lot
and I thought ah you turn it it was a
good idea but I you know I just missed
it
so I didn't buy it because it already
gone up and then it kept going up and
those of you who are old enough to
remember what was the best stock of that
entire year and of ten thousand Chrysler
it was it was like the number one story
stock and of ten thousand stocks and I
picked it randomly or was it random
maybe there was something floating
around in my head that just came
together I know but I didn't get it I
didn't get rich off it so I thought I'll
try it again so I so I thought to myself
alright I'm just gonna do the same
process I'll just accept now I have my
account open and one day I picked up a
newspaper and I flipped through it and
there was an article about this software
company called ask ASX I don't know what
happened to him but at the time it was
sort of a hot new technology looking
thing back when you know that was a new
and I became asked to use maybe I don't
know and now that was asked
computer so it's a different company
than Ask Jeeves so it was an ass
software company I forget the details
anyway the point is I didn't know
anything about this company and I just
thought I'm gonna buy this with no
anything no research I buy this stock it
goes up
I know 10% in a week and I think I'm a
freaking genius leonis twice in a row I
picked a good stock so I sold that stock
made pocket it at a quick ten percent I
think I made probably I netted a hundred
bucks in a month I was nothing nothing
like just a week and I'm thinking to
myself hey I think I have something here
I've got a tiger by the tail I just made
$100 without doing anything remotely
like work in a week
I mean hey the the second part of the
story is that that stock didn't stop
going up when I sold it it went to the
moon it was again one of the storied
stocks of the year it wasn't just a
stock it was like a story that you know
people would write about what's up with
this stock just going to the moon so
both times I didn't trust to stick with
the the thing that you know I was being
guided toward or so it felt or it wasn't
an illusion so I thought to myself let
me try something else it wasn't long
after that that I tried I Scott Adams
will be a famous cartoonist and that's
actually the form of it I'll teach you
in a moment
and I became a famous cartoonist and
that I did i scott adams become a number
one New York Times bestselling author
and that I did and there was also a time
that I lost my ability to speak mostly
you know the story sort of for about
three and a half years I couldn't speak
properly
is a condition called spasmodic
dysphonia which was incurable incurable
problem but do you hear me
so obviously it wasn't so incurable was
it long story short I searched the world
and found a guy who had an experimental
fairly newish surgery and fixed it but
that was the subject of my silent
affirmations that I would someday speak
perfectly now of course I don't speak
perfectly so affirmations are sort of
directional let's let me show you what
the process is then I'll tell you the
fun the fun part is is there anything to
it or is it just complete BS and you can
decide all right there however it is
easy you just write or repeat that that
thing that you want and use this form I
put your name in there if scotomas will
be a syndicated cartoonist you could say
you'd be wealthy you could say you'll
find love you could say you'll be
healthy you could say you you'll move
someplace you'll you'll start a family
whatever it is if if you're too specific
and you'll recognize this for be talking
about systems versus goals you don't
want to be too specific because you
don't want you don't want to say for
example I I want that specific promotion
because what if there's a better one you
know you might get the thing that you're
affirming but maybe there was something
better that popped up in the meantime so
try to keep your affirmations you know
fairly general now an exception would be
there's nothing better than being a
syndicated cartoonist if you're a
cartoonist yeah if you're gonna be a
cartoonist this would be the best one
you know of the types of cartoonists you
could be so shooting for the top is not
so bad because what if I'd gotten close
well maybe I still gonna mean a little
money or whatever but there's nothing
better in the
world of cartooning than being a
syndicated cartoonist so in that case I
could be kind of specific if you're
trying to win a you know win an Oscar or
something yeah go ahead
you know I I don't think those are
terribly important but if you want it so
people ask me you know does it matter
where I write it can I type it can I can
I chant it can I sing it and none of
that matters it's only about focusing on
the thing that you want and visualize it
it's also very important you visualize
if you don't visualize it you're not
putting the most active part of your
brain into the game now here's the part
where you should be saying to yourself
why would this work based on your
complete lack of science and logic or
anything that would connect this to the
real world you know why would chanting
or writing something down and have any
effect on the real world that's the fun
part
does it here are some ideas and I'll let
you decide which one you like the best
one of the possibilities is that somehow
these affirmations change the basic
nature of reality itself can we agree
it's not that one okay can we just
stipulate we don't have to talk about it
too much because you know I may have a
different view of reality than you do my
view is that we don't have access to it
there's there's got to be some base
reality but we have we live in our own
filters you know most of you know that's
my view so I don't see a happy you know
I don't see reality changing I see maybe
our filter changing that's the part we
can see and deal with but you probably
don't think reality changes because you
wrote something down so I think we'll
agree it's not that one okay the other
one could be selective memory maybe it
doesn't work at all what if what if I'm
just good and stuff which explains why I
had some success and what if I just
forgot the ones that didn't work now
those of you read this book know that I
have many many failures
in fact you know ten to one ten to one
more failures and successes so how do I
explain that that I'm acting like this
works when ten to one it didn't that's
what you're thinking right well here's
the thing I didn't use affirmations on
almost any of those things I only used
it on the ones that worked now you're
gonna have to take my word for that but
there's a reason for that and I'll get
to that
so there's although there's a reason why
I only did it on the ones that worked so
another possibility is that when you're
doing affirmations is you're tuning your
brain there was a study on luck by a the
sky dr. Waisman and he wanted to see if
people had luck it is luck a real thing
now most of you are ahead of me right
luck is not a real thing
everybody's gonna have the same luck if
you're really controlling the experiment
and indeed that's what he found
everybody has exactly the same luck but
he did this experiment that was very
revealing he had people divide
themselves into groups that considered
themselves lucky and groups that
considered themselves not lucky and he
gave them all the same newspaper and he
said look through the newspaper and
count up the number of photographs now
the people who consider themselves
unlucky counted them up and on average
they got the right number that was 42
and it would took them several minutes
to complete the task the people who
consider themselves lucky
even though really nobody was any
luckier than anybody else but they
consider themselves lucky they also got
the right number on average 42
photographs but they were done in
seconds whereas the the people who
thought they were unlucky it took them
minutes the difference was that on all
the newspapers for both groups and the
second page in big writing is said stop
counting the photographs there are 42
the people who consider themselves
unlucky didn't see the time saver
because they were looking for
photographs
they didn't expect anything to be there
except what they were looking for the
people who would consider themselves
lucky are always looking for luck so
what he found is that if you if you open
your mind to the possibility that you
could get lucky
you actually will notice things that
will make you appear lucky and if you
ask people about their success stories
drill down a little bit if you know
anybody who got successful in an
outsized way you're gonna find this
point where they noticed something or
there seemed to be some kind of a lock
or coincidence but if you drill down
maybe they were just tuning themselves
to notice it you know maybe they just
set their filters and and it wasn't luck
at all they just set their filters and
there was reticular activation is a big
word I saw that in some in a corporate
training program once it's just the idea
that you you're familiar with the the
fact that if somebody calls your name in
a crowded room you can hear it easily
even if there's a lot of background
noise so if you're in a crowded room
you'll hear a Norma Scott want and
you'll be like what the heck what why is
the one word that I could hear clearly
and that that mumbling was my own name
and that's that's because your brain
Tunes for things that are important to
you so if you use affirmations you're
really tuning in to a specific objective
in my case is in cartooning I noticed
something on television one day that led
me down a trail to find a cartoonist who
gave me the advice that turned me into a
cartoonist so I actually had to notice
something though maybe what I wouldn't
have noticed if I hadn't been doing
affirmations at the time here's another
possibility and a strong one that you're
not really causing something to happen
but rather you're finding out the hard
way what things you're committed to and
and you're probably committed to things
that on some subconscious level you
think you can do you think you can pull
it off so I think that we have this
situation
this is just hypothesis that you might
have a rational thought about what you
can pull off in life you know how well
you can do but you also have an
irrational opinion of yourself and the
two of them are just always there
there's your rational one saying I don't
know if you could do that and not
everybody gets away with that it looks
pretty hard but you might also have an
irrational part that says I got this I
got this and so the hypothesis is that
if you can put in the time to write down
that objective
you know I Scott Adams or Philip your
name will do this and you actually could
do that 15 times a day for out a few
months that means that there's some part
of you probably your subconscious if
there is such a thing the things you can
pull it off because otherwise it's not
going to let you do it remember I told
you that there were all those things I
failed at that you would think oh why
wouldn't you want those to be more
successful I of course wanted everything
I've been involved with to be successful
but there are some things that I wanted
with a a burning desire if you know what
I mean there's some things I just wanted
to work like everybody wants everything
to work and sometimes I would want those
things to work a lot but that extra
commitment of writing down 15 times a
day I've only done that of those things
that had the extra meaning to me I guess
and those were the things that worked
out so it could be that this is a
backwards correlation it could be the
fact that you're even willing to write
it down 15 times a day is simply telling
you something about yourself and that's
good maybe maybe that's good by itself
and then the more fun possibility is
that affirmations is part of the human
interface for programming your filters
on reality now if you're programming
your filters that doesn't mean you have
to program base reality you're just
programming the way you see it so could
it be that the only thing to have
in my stories is that I programmed my
filter to believe these things happen to
me maybe or did I program my filter to
simply make opportunities more more
presentable or not presentable but more
opportunities present themselves to me
did I do something somehow with the
affirmations well here's the fun part
it's completely unknowable I don't know
but here's my pitch to you if you looked
at this and you said to yourself you
know this is probably nothing doesn't
look like it has any more science than
horoscopes
and it doesn't it has no more science
than your horoscope but yet there's
something compelling about it and if
there were anything to it you may say to
yourself wow because if there's anything
to this it's a big big deal and so I
would pitch it to you this way doesn't
cost you anything to try it and if it
works it could change the world that's
my pitch it worked on me if it doesn't
work out of you
well maybe you have more more more
control that I do or better priorities
or something but that's my pitch I will
not tell you that I believe in magic I
don't I'm not going to tell you it's
gonna work for you clearly there are
people it won't work for but if you're
gonna play the odds
focusing probably has benefits if I were
to if I were to tell you my you know
sort of where I would break down you
know what parts of this are probably
true versus less likely to be true I
would say you know there's no chance
that's changing based reality there
might be some selective memory but I
don't think that's the main thing
definitely the brain
I mean tuning is the thing if I if I had
to bet that would be the most active
part and I definitely think there's
something about finding out what you're
willing to work hard for and the
affirmations are like a practice way to
find out if you're willing to work hard
for it yeah but I also think there's
something to the fact that in some ways
is programming your filter on reality in
some productive way now since we don't
know what base reality is we're only
dealing with this weird symbolic level
where where we think we're in the same
reality but we're not we already talked
about the fact that everybody is walking
around in their own bubble reality
you've got your own religion you think
that the other political party is crazy
they think you're crazy so we're all in
our own little bubbles could it be that
there's a way to steer your little
bubble because keep in mind if we're all
the little bubbles and you can see it
for yourself I mean people are living
full lives within a reality that you
don't even recognize they believe you
know mystical things according to you
they're wrong about this they can't tell
us they're murdering or or what I don't
want to get into yeah and the heavy
topics but weird weird in very different
worlds all the time and once you realize
you're in different worlds that you know
that those worlds are at least a little
bit subjective and if you could change
just the way you view your world from
inside of your bubble you don't even
have to get out of the bubble as long as
you can redecorate and that's what
affirmations might help you do I guess
you'll find out if you try that's all
for tonight I'm going to keep it on this
one topic some of these lessons might
not stay on I'm Paris go forever but
they will be at the locals calm platform
forever and I hope that answers some of
your questions