Oh buh-buh-buh-buh-buh hey everybody
come on in here
happy Monday it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams and you're in luck cuz you
came to the right place it's another
wonderful day and the only thing that
could make it better
is the simultaneous F I think you know
that and all you need to participate is
a cup or a mug or glasses snifter Stein
jealous tankard thermos flask and team
Grail goblet vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure dopamine head of the day the
thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous set go oh oh I feel all
of my pleasure circuits firing up so
let's talk about some stuff let's talk
about Tulsi and versus Hillary Clinton
there were words this is working out
really well for both of them wouldn't
you say so Tulsi Gabbard gets a whole
bunch of attention because Hillary
Clinton says she's a Russian asset so
suddenly Tulsi gets tons of attention
she gets to go hard against Clinton
that's always popular at least with some
of the public and I think it works
really well for Tulsi but it's also
working really well for Clinton because
Hillary is just trying to stay in the
headlines salsa books keep her speaking
fees up stay relevant and I think the
funniest thing about this story is that
Clinton used Trump's style of hyperbole
against him in this case against Tulsi
but I guess indirectly it might be
against Trump somehow and and I thought
myself well you know there are a few
things you know I I've never I'm never
the one who's completely negative about
Hillary Clinton because she has some
strong characteristics she has a lot of
game and I don't think you can diminish
that and she's doing it again here
because you know when you watch the
clips of her talking about you know any
of this anybody being a Russian a
Russian asset to me it's obvious that
she doesn't believe that in the literal
sense she say it because she knows
saying that will get her
all kinds of attention and it's sort of
very Trump like hyperbole I think I
think what she means is that there are
some candidates that Russia prefers and
maybe they'll send out some trolls to
support them which is very different
from being a a Russian puppet or a
Russian asset it might just mean that
Russia prefers some candidates over
others and even that's unconfirmed so
good play Hillary Clinton for getting
people all worked up about something
that clearly you don't mean seriously
but she stayed bad lights so that worked
there's a fun little story about
apparently MIT Romney has a fake Twitter
account in which he goes by the name
Pierre de lecto which is apparently
Spanish for delicious Peter make of that
what you will
delicious Peter okay now there's no real
story there because I think celebrities
certainly are it's understandable they
would have secret accounts so they can
monitor the social media without being
spotted and turning into something else
so I'm fully in favor of Romney having a
private account he's apparently admitted
that I think is very clever this nobody
tracked it down and found it
it was very clever
let's talking about Nobel prize-winning
economist Robert Shiller now he's a
behavioral economist in other words he
studies not just economics but how
people's psychology drives economics so
he was famous for making some great
predictions in the past and so it's
notable when he says he believes a
recession may be years away due to a
bullish Trump effect in the market now
here's the interesting part you can't
really go on TV and say good things
about Trump right but on the other hand
you also can't make bad economic
predictions and expect to stay credible
as an economist so you have this famous
economist who doesn't want to make a bad
prediction but also doesn't want to
directly say something positive about
Trump what do you do here's what he did
he attributes the his prediction that
the economy might stay strong for
several years to the fact that people
see Trump consuming a lot as a
billionaire they see his type of
consumption and they try to emulate it
by buying things
does that sound even a little bit
credible it's the most ridiculous like
but it's somewhat transparently
ridiculous to the point where it almost
seems honest because tanea seem so
obvious there why he's really saying is
that Trump is good for the psychology of
the of the market but again if you're a
famous economist you want to sell books
you want to be invited places you want
to stay credible you can't say directly
folks I'm a Nobel prize-winning
behavioral economist and I'm also famous
for good predictions and this is exactly
my expertise
and I gotta tell you that President
Trump is really really good at the
psychology of economies and his very
very good performance at managing our
collective psychology causes people to
feel good about the economy and an act
that way so he can't say that right but
he has to say something so he says
people might be copying Trump and trying
to consume a lot and that's driving the
economy I mean isn't that a little bit
funny that you know the best he could
come up with is that because that
doesn't even pass the most basic sniff
test but still it's something you know
it's at least a little bit of a
speculative explanation about why the
economy will will likely stay strong now
this is a perfect example of what I talk
about in my book loser think I have a
chapter in here about how to learn at
least some of the the easy stuff that an
economist knows and I just gave you an
example economists know that economies
run on psychology how many people in the
general public understand that the
economy is driven almost entirely by
psychology unless there's some kind of a
shock like a war or a shortage of
something important but we don't have
any of that going on right now so under
those conditions when there's within
when there are no shortages and we have
perfect communication worldwide it's
really a psychology engine how many
people knew that well if you read loser
think you would know that and you'd know
a few other similarly basic easy ideas
about economics there's somebody like
Robert Shiller already knows so why is
it the Robert Shiller
can see clearly that the economy is
likely to stay strong what other people
can't see that it's because he has an
extra vision he has access to another
another industry and other dome
of knowledge economics and behavioral
economics meaning the psychological
elements of it specifically now I have
the same training I'm sort of the bad
version of the Nobel Prize winning
economist meaning that I majored I
majored in economics I've worked in a
lot of businesses etc so I have a lot of
experience but I have the same training
so when I looked at President Trump as a
candidate I said to myself it's very
much like any behavioral economist would
what would president Trump's approach to
things do to our collective psychology
and our belief about the economy and to
me it was obvious it was obviously he
had the salesmanship the cheerleader
effect and that he understood Trump
understood that these are active
ingredients they're not just some fluff
it's not just the frosting on the cake
it's the cake right the the psychology
of the economy isn't the frosting it's
not the candles it's the cake Trump
understood that he said it plainly and
clearly a number of times he
demonstrated it and everything he does
when he's cheerleading the economy
Shiller could see this a mile away and
so could I because I have access to the
same training so loser think can train
you to be able to see around corners
without having to be an economist you'll
just get some of the tricks in different
fields not just economics but that's
just one example all right and I hope
you buy that book and pre-order now
because that would be good for me if you
pre-ordered it there is a story
did you see the Benno interview with on
MSNBC in which he goes full Hitler
hilariously now Bono is talking about
Trump and he's talking about the idea of
the big lie and he's comparing this to
Joseph gobbles which I believe was
referred to in the interview as Joseph
gurgles so that was funny but Beto goes
on to explain that a small lie might not
be believed but if you tell a big lie
and you tell it often enough you can
convince people of basically anything
and he demonstrated that by them telling
some of the biggest lies in the public
domain so he tried to press specifically
the the fine people hoax now if you
think that the president called the
racists at charlottesville find people
well then you've been hoaxed you can I
would recommend that you google hashtag
find people hoax and then follow some
links to my blog and you'll see why it's
a hoax even though if you're listening
to this and you're saying to self my god
Scout what are you saying there's no way
that's a hoax I heard it with my own
ears I saw it with my own eyes I saw the
president say that no you didn't you
didn't if you're watching this and it's
the first time you've heard this you're
you're really going crazy right now
you're saying Scott you apologist you
crazy Trump supporter I heard it with my
own ears I saw the president say it no
you didn't go look at the transcript go
look at the full video what you saw and
what you heard is a edited version which
does make it look like he's saying that
but if you see the full version it's
crystal clear that he's specifically
excluding the Nazis from the fine people
he says that indirect language so you
don't have to wonder about it anyway so
Beto is pushing the fine people hoax at
the same time that he's saying that you
shouldn't believe the big lie and then
he gives the big lie and people believe
it because we're watching MSNBC and they
don't know any better because they're in
a bubble can the people in them miss
MSNBC again and there
yes they can if they read this book it's
not likely they will so you might have
to read it and help the men in their
bubble I tried to watch I tried to watch
a movie or a little bit of it last night
called x-men now it's the latest one
you know x-men has had a number of
movies but it's the latest one in which
of course the heroes in the latest x-men
are all women so the women are the
strongest superheroes now if you're
watching any sci-fi or superhero stuff
lately you know that that's the trend
for the last several years the strongest
character the most badass best fighter
strongest mentally is always a woman and
that's sort of a reaction to the fact
that there have been ex decades of male
heroes in the genres and so I'm fully
fully on board with having diversity
making sure that women are well
represented making sure that you've you
know your your movies look a little bit
a little bit more like the world alright
so I'm ok with that
those are good things but I think they
overshot the mark a little bit yeah
I find that I can't even watch these
this content anymore it's so over the
top in trying to be politically correct
that is just sort of insulting to men at
this point now maybe women felt the same
way when it would they were all
male-dominated roles they may have felt
exactly the same way
and that's not good but x-men is
unwatchable because they just added this
political element of women are better
than men and I just can't watch a lot of
it I just can't watch a lot of it
I'm fully okay having some movies with
female stars and throw in any kind of
ethnicity you want that's great but they
don't all have to be that do they they
don't all
all have to be women or awesome and men
are idiots do they I mean we have enough
car commercials for that try watching
watching a car insurance commercial
you'll poke your eyes out all right
that's enough of that let's talk about
people judge people judge is
outperforming and impressing the country
but he's impressing me and I want to
call out a few things that he's doing
right number one my big complaint with
him early on is that he looked too young
yeah such a youthful you know just look
because he just looks like a young guy
and I thought that was working against
them because when you're picking a
president you need a little bit of
seasoning and but I think the the
campaign process is aging him because
the last time I saw him you know at the
debate I did not have the feelings that
I had the first number of times I saw
him which is he looks a little too young
needs some seasoning somehow and I don't
know exactly how it could be just the
pressure of campaigning it could be just
cuz he's smart and he's he's changing
his demeanor a little bit I don't know
exactly what it is but he's not
registering as too young anymore there's
anybody else having that feeling that he
went from all clearly to young and
experienced to somehow he's moving that
he's moving that dial and I didn't think
he could because my just subjective
opinion is maybe I'm just gonna use to
them but he doesn't look too young
anymore are you is anybody saying that
besides me there's something was
different
I don't know somebody's saying here that
his makeup may be but I don't know how
that would work here are the other
things I love about people who judge
he's a gay guy running for president
without saying vote for me because I'm
gay that
is also what President Obama did so
brilliantly President President Obama
never said vote for me because I'm black
and people love that people said oh okay
I actually will vote for you at least
and partly partly because I'd like to
even up things in the country and maybe
I will maybe I will value the fact that
you're black I'll make that a variable
but Obama allowed people to think they
were doing that on their own in other
words he didn't ask you to elect the
first black president had he asked
people to elect the first black
president I think people would said I'm
not about that no thank you
run on your qualities and just be black
and then I'll vote for you so Obama did
the smartest thing you can do he ran on
his qualifications on his proposals on
his optimism hope and change and he let
other people decide that they also liked
him because he was black and me and I'm
including myself in this category
I also liked him because he was black
because I thought that was something the
country needed to get past and what a
great opportunity to do it because he
seemed qualified so Buddha judges is
making the same play it's so so easily
he could have made the Hillary Clinton
mistake he could have said vote for me
because I'm a woman you know that's why
Hillary did and he's not making that
mistake and sometimes you don't notice
how how well somebody is performing
until you ask yourself wait a minute
other people are making this mistake you
know how is he avoiding it well he's
smarter he's playing it better is
Elizabeth Warren avoiding that mistake
no she's not Elizabeth Warren is very
much making her gender part of the
decision what do you think every man in
America says about that every man in
America privately and to themselves who
says some version like this
I like the idea of electing a woman for
president eventually you know someday I
would like to see a woman president I
think most men are saying that you know
not 100 percent for anything but I think
most men are saying to themselves
absolutely let's get past that let's
let's have a female president Republican
or Democrat someday we're ready
everybody's ready whether it's this time
or next time we're all ready but what we
don't want to be told just to vote for
her for her gender if you're male and
you hear that and that's essentially
what Warren is saying it's essentially
what some of the others are saying it's
essentially what Clinton said as soon as
you hear that you can't really vote for
her anymore it takes it off the table
and my this is just my my opinion I
think how the others would agree with it
as soon as you're pushing that as you're
part of your qualification you're not
qualified so Buddha judge is doing right
by not making his you know it has gained
as part of his qualifications not asking
anybody to vote for him because of it
that's the right way to play it makes me
say oh yeah I'd love to have a gay
president I've said this before I would
literally love having a gay president
whether it's him or somebody else
whether it's now or later just in
general be it be a nice a nice thing to
push through but here's here's the other
thing I love about Buddha judge I don't
know if you saw this police having a
money money raising event in which you
can if you donate money you get in a
your name gets put in the Hat to maybe
go to a Broadway play of Hamilton with
Peter Buddha judges husband chasis is a
cheston or Chastain I don't know how to
pronounce his name Cheston I think
that's it
now here's what I love about that
everything I love everything about that
now some of you are gonna say I would
not want to do that but I gotta say as
soon as I saw that I almost donated
money to put a check I'm not even
kidding
I almost donated money because I thought
to myself I would love to go see
Hamilton with Cristina and people to
judge as husband I can't think of a more
fun more fun thing to do that would be
totally a great night and I literally
paused and said I could give a little
bit of money to Buddha judge it wouldn't
change the wouldn't change the result
but maybe I could get to go see Hamilton
with Cheston and chest pain or Cheston I
don't know now if you've seen Buddha
judges husband
cheston's or Chastain somebody needs to
tell me how to pronounce that you know
that he's a he's an interesting
character and I kind of like him I mean
I just kind of like his act because both
Buddha judge and his husband are not
trying to be anything except who they
are they seem so completely genuine that
it's hard not to like genuine and and I
think that Obama and Buddha jej are
finding the secret and I would say I'm
gonna throw in Tulsa - have you noticed
that Tulsi is popular among Republicans
which seems unusual I think that all
three of them register is honest and I
think that that goes goes a long way
with conservatives and Republicans
Republicans can take a lot if you're
completely honest
am i right Republicans will put up with
a lot of different opinions a lot of
different lifestyles a lot of different
everything as long as you're completely
honest
at which point conservatives go well
it's not my choice but I got to respect
that
always respect honesty so I think Buddha
judges doing that right all right let's
not mess up notes let's talk about
Lindsey Graham seems to be coming around
on this whole situation with the Kurds
and he actually said this this is
Lindsey Graham on on Maria Bartiromo
show he said quote I am increasingly
optimistic that we can have some
historic solutions in Syria that have
eluded us for years if we play our cards
right so Lindsey Graham went from my god
this was the biggest mistake in the
world I opposed this with all of my
might - you know I'm starting to feel
like this might be one of the best
things ever now you can't really trust
anybody in the political domain in a
political season
but I think you have to admit that
Lindsey Graham has demonstrated he is
willing to go against the president and
really hard when he when he feels that
that's the right thing to do for
whatever reason and so this turnaround
is more credible than it would be had it
been someone else right because the
Graham has I think he's earned some
credibility in the sense that he's
willing to be on which side of the issue
he thinks is Right independent of party
allegiance but you can't be completely
sure this isn't just a political change
it's hard to know but here's the thing
that here's how CNN here's how CNN
characterized Lindsey Graham's recent
interview I think they're talking about
the same one that was on Rhea Braun
aroma here's what they said
CNN says and I quote in a headline
Lindsey Graham does not rule out the
possibility of Trump impeachment if new
evidence emerges is that the funniest
headline you've ever seen Lindsey Graham
does not rule out the possibility of
Trump impeachment if new evidence
emerges do you know do you know who else
has that opinion everyone is there
anybody in the world who thinks that you
could rule out impeachment if you had
new information and new information you
didn't know about that suggests we
should impeach there's nobody who has a
different opinion than that turning this
into a headline is so cleverly
diabolically biased that I had to laugh
here's some here's some other things I
don't rule out I do not rule out the
possibility that that Elizabeth Warren I
keeps the bodies of dead salesmen in her
basement I'm not saying she does but I'm
not ruling about I'm not gonna rule out
that if Bernie Sanders shoots somebody
on Fifth Avenue that I I don't that I
think he would go to jail for that I I
can't rule it out so I'll see you then
does this a lot they do the the what if
and the hypotheticals hypothetically is
it possible that Joe Biden is a you know
I don't know murderer or rapist or
whatever well hypothetically
hypothetically if I found new and new
evidence that Joe Biden had committed
serious crimes I would change my opinion
of him hypothetically
let's say so what else we have here
Hillary Clinton tried to be funny by
tweeting around a letter apparently that
was created by the Jimmy Kimmel show
there was a humorous parody showing
allegedly a letter between JFK and
Gorbachev talking about the Cuban
Missile Crisis but using sort of a
trump-like language to show how funny it
would be and then Hillary tweeted that
around and it was actually a very funny
letter I have to say you know funny is
funny and that was in my opinion quite
funny but she got in trouble for not for
not specifying the source
oh is that I'm sorry it was Khrushchev
not Gorbachev I get my Russian leaders
confused yes so it was a letter from
allegedly a parody letter from Kennedy
to Khrushchev so yeah Clinton can't do
anything right can she she does one
thing right which is forward around
something that's actually quite funny
and then she doesn't give proper
attribution so she gets at all ben
shapiro i was saying that the Democratic
field is so weak that now is the time
for Hillary Clinton to jump in and take
advantage of the weak in fractured field
I don't take any of any of these
somebody's gonna jump in the race stuff
seriously
I don't think Hillary's gonna do it I
don't think she's even thinking about a
little bit I don't think Michelle Obama
is gonna do it and I don't think Mike
Bloomberg is gonna do it I don't think
any of them are gonna do it because the
trouble is if you don't have traction
already the odds of getting it at this
point are not that good so and I also
disagree the Hillary Clinton could get
the nomination
I think if Clinton jumped in she would
just be absolutely eviscerated by the
Democrats forget about the Republicans
the Republicans would be all for it
let's talk some more about the curves
there's a Kurdish military leader who
says that there's ethnic cleansing going
on that the Turks are involved in ethnic
cleansing to which I say is that his
first day in the Middle East is there
anything happening in in the Middle East
that's not ethnic cleansing if you were
if you're a Jewish person can you go
live in Saudi Arabia if you belong to
Isis or you allowed it to become a
resident of Israel is it isn't the
entire region just one big exercise in
ethnic cleansing now the ethnic
cleansing in this comes in this context
doesn't mean killing it means relocating
and not allowing certain people in
certain places well that's exactly
what's happening the entire point of a
safe zone the entire point of everything
that's going on over there is ethnic
cleansing and indeed I don't think
there's anybody over there who thinks
all the ethnicity should stay together
because it's just gonna be war the whole
point of a safe zone is that all the
smart people in the area said all right
we give up it just turns out we can't
all live together we're gonna have to do
some ethnic cleansing I think people
would nicly cleanse themselves over
there it's like oh yeah I don't want to
be in that group I might get killed so I
think I let eclis cleanse myself and go
hang out with my own people so the the
claim of ethnic cleansing is both a
hundred percent true and a hundred
percent irrelevant because there's
nothing but ethnic cleansing happening
anywhere in the Middle East that's all
they do they have it they don't do
anything but ethnic cleansing if you see
people walking around they're probably
doing some ethnic cleansing you see them
wake up in the morning they probably say
to themselves Oh what can I do today to
ethnically cleanse my
a little bit so that has to be seen in
context now the military leaders name is
Muslim I believe he says that there are
more than 500 civilian casualties so far
all right so it's the head of the Kurds
military says there are 500 more than
500 civilian casualties so he makes them
civilians what do you make of that
estimates number one he's the head of
the military for the Kurds so whatever
number he gives for how many people have
been killed on his side
you got to assume it's high right
because he's not going to be a very good
military leader if he if he lowballs the
estimate of people who were being
ethnically cleansed and killed and
wounded so of course he's gonna round it
up a little bit but he also says
casualties so a casualty includes
wounded plus killed how many do you
think of the 500 were killed in
generally speaking if you saw that 500
people were casualties
well what ratio would you back that up
to to the number of people who are
killed the fatalities if I if you took
that as a true number of 500 people got
at least wounded what does that imply
about the number of killed 10 yeah I'm
seeing in the the comments 1012
something like that now here's the
question
apparently the ceasefire is sort of
holding most of the time meaning that
there there are some flare-ups but the
flare-ups don't seem to be turning into
bigger things they're flaring and then
disappearing if the if the ceasefire
holds in the sense that apparently
400,000 Kurds have been displaced but
that was the whole point they're trying
to create a zone the safe and
the Kurds were not safe from the
perspective of the Turks the Kurds were
not safe to have on their border from
the perspective of the Turks
so I'm so here's the question I'd ask
you if you knew that the safe zone was
going to work let's say you could look
into the future and say wow you know
there were a lot of a lot of missteps a
lot of you know there were people who
got killed who shouldn't have been
killed
it was very imperfect but it's a few
years in the future and you look at it
you say yeah it kind of worked I mean it
prevented a bigger war turkey you know
turkey doesn't need to kill any more
people that are happy that they they
have some safety on their border the
Kurds found some situation that's
politically stable working with Syria
you know maybe it's not perfect but at
least it's stable if that were to be the
future what would you say about let's
say 12 deaths that bought that future
would you say that if 10 or 12 people
got killed in the service of creating
this safe zone which kept everybody safe
for a longer period if that happened
would it be worth 10 or 12 deaths now of
course every death is a tragedy and the
families of those people are never the
same so I'm certainly not going to say
that for anybody you know personally
involved that it was worth it because
for them it's not alright so let's be
clear on that the people were victims
are just victims but in the bigger
picture of war and peace people do die
it's always a tragedy but they do die
would you say that it worked out maybe
as well as they could have if 10 or 12
people died and we get these safe zones
that create some stability I think he
would I think you would say that that
was worth a few deaths now do you
believe that we could have gotten
- whatever Lindsey Graham thinks could
be this potentially historic good
situation could we have gotten there
without the president saying I'm done
talking screw it I just made a decision
work it out probably not because if you
don't say screw it I'm out work it out
yourselves if you don't say that and
then actually move your people out and
say look we're out work it out if you
want to kill each other
knock yourselves out I don't think we
could have gotten here and I think
historians are gonna say the same thing
and it feels like Lindsey Graham is
coming around to that point of view
there's sometimes you just got to grab
the box and just shake it because
otherwise people are just entrenched in
their positions and they're never gonna
change
he changed their positions it might be
one of the greatest things that we've
ever seen from a president way too early
to say that right so if so if you're
jumping on me if you're pouncing on me
you're saying Scott way too early these
things never work out you're not wrong
because this is the sort of thing that
you don't really expect is gonna work
out too well because just the the
players involved in the dynamics there
but if it did and it's certainly sort of
edging in the right direction if it did
it could be one of the great things the
president ever did that possibility
still exists with the facts that we have
right now all right that's all I got not
much going on today I feel I feel as if
the president didn't create enough news
this week I'm just looking at your
comments in for a minute
can
elections today oh yeah all right so
there's something that I've been wanting
to say about the Dressed Justin Trudeau
situation that I kept telling myself
don't say it Scott
don't say it because you're gonna be
misinterpreted somebody's gonna take
this out of context I'm gonna say it
anyway so we've all watched the Justin
Trudeau blackface thing we all saw that
he apparently dressed in that costume
several times at different times the
funniest comment came from Conan O'Brien
who noted that the election was
happening before Halloween and he said
that was a good move by Trudeau because
hey why tempt yourself and have the
election after Halloween was one of the
greatest jokes ever but here's here's
what I would like to add to the
discussion somewhere in the world
there's an african-american man who
needs to go to a Halloween costume event
as Justin Trudeau can I please have that
I don't ask for a lot I just want one
african-american man to wear a what is
it a genie costume from what was the
movie and nothing else just put on the
the Aladdin costume that that we saw the
famous pictures of Trudeau just don't do
anything you're an african-american man
just put on the Aladdin costume and go
as Justin Trudeau a please please just
one person has to do it and produce a
picture and put the picture on social
media so we can all just laugh this
thing away all right can we all agree if
there's one thing that we can all agree
on be you white be you black be you
brown a person of color of any type be
you LGBTQ be
you not be you American be you any other
ethnicity there is one thing we can all
agree on that if an african-american
goes to a Halloween costume goes to a
Halloween event in an Aladdin costume
but goes as Justin Trudeau it has to
happen please dear God just somebody do
it and and send us the the photo now if
there's an african-american man who
wants to take it to the next level of
putting on a suit like Justin Trudeau
and maybe somehow the haircut guess you
need a wig or something and uses white
face to go as Justin Trudeau also funny
that would also be funny I give give you
a lot of a lot of credit for that but
that one might be perceived wrong that
just because the act of putting
something on your face to change your
ethnicity just people are rub people
wrong so that one would be funny and I
promise
if I saw somebody do that I would laugh
and take it good-naturedly but it's a
little bit better just to actually be
black put on an Aladdin costume and go
as Justin Trudeau please somebody do it
somebody do it that's all I ask
I asked for one thing this year just one
thing all right yeah somebody's agreeing
don't don't do it with the white face
that just that doesn't feel right
I feel yeah that feels like that ruins
the joke takes a little too far right
you need a little bit of subtlety to
pull this off all right that's all for
now and I will talk to you all later