oh hey everybody
hey Jimmy pants five come on in here
super comic-con drew sides Dam X lied
Chris Whittle it's good to see all of
you and I know why you're here probably
for the coffee possibly with a
simultaneous simultaneous up let's get
right to it
let's grab your copier bug your glass
your Stein your tankard your chalice
your thermos your flask fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the simultaneous scent
it's good sipping so I'm gonna take some
lips take some calls at the end of some
comments here so if you have some
questions you might want to be thinking
about I'll take questions on anything
today
yeah anything at all so let's talk about
what's new so it turns out that North
Korea is trying to interfere with
American elections here's my question to
you what country is not interfering with
American elections quick name a country
that's not interfering with American
elections I mean North Korea clearly has
they just made some comments about Joe
Biden Israel obviously has their naming
stuff after Trump I mean when Israel
starts naming things in Israel after
your president they kind of want that
guy to get reelected or that that woman
depending on the time so Venezuela is
affecting US elections probably more
than any other country and they're not
even trying simply by being Venezuela
Venezuela just sits there being
Venezuela
that's probably gonna have more impact
on her
than Facebook just by this example what
about China China's definitely
interfering with our election they might
not be trying to do it but everything
about how they act is having their
elections so I'm starting to think maybe
we should just get rid of this fiction
without other countries interfering with
your elections and just embrace the fact
that all of our elections are
International Affairs happen now I'm not
completely serious but the point is you
can't really turn off the impact from
other countries yes maybe maybe not
in Slovenia as somebody's in here but
the big countries let's talk about
another big country Iran oh let's talk
about China first so I was watching the
I think he was the Chinese ambassador
being interviewed on I forget which
network and the Chinese ambassador was
answering questions about you know
potential bad actions by China and I've
never seen a worse ambassador how in the
world does that guy keep his job he was
just the worst if you ever get a chance
to see the Chinese ambassador to the
United States on TV you have to watch it
just to watch how bad he is now a
question I have is whether all I'm
saying is some kind of a social cultural
difference because the way he answers
questions looks exactly like he's lying
and by Mike intentionally away from my
face but somebody's saying I should do
it closer so and specifically he was of
that he was asked about hallway if I'm
pronouncing it correctly the Chinese
telecom company that the u.s. is saying
if you install their equipment they'll
spy on all your traffic and listening to
the Chinese ambassador try to try to
explain
that way it really looked like he was
confirming everything that the
everything about them because his denial
was so transparently wrong for Western
ears that I wondered what I was even
listening to and so here's my question
was it a cultural difference because if
you ask a somebody from the United
States hey is your company putting spy
equipment in all of your
telecommunications here if you ask
somebody from America they will say no
that's not happening
that's a ridiculous rumor here's
probably why how it got started but no
there's no there's no proof to that no
there's no evidence of that and by the
way you know why we invite the
inspectors could come in and look at our
chips and you could just tell so the
American wouldn't answer it that way
they would go they would go write up the
facts the Chinese ambassador simply sort
of changed the subject and I'm thinking
to myself okay do you even know what
country you're in if you're in the
United States and somebody says did you
murder that person and you say when we
could talk about murder but maybe we
should talk about the weather why is
nobody talking about the weather
why do so everybody have to talk about
the murder where do we talk about the
weather if you say that in America a
hundred percent of Americans say oh okay
you're guilty
obviously you're guilty you didn't even
answer the question you just changed the
subject and here's this Chinese
ambassador who apparently knows nothing
about America how the hell did he get
his job done I'm serious you're probably
the least qualified looking person I've
ever seen in such a high profile job he
acted like he didn't know how Americans
work he answers the question in a way so
damning and so confirming of how always
inappropriateness in our networks that I
thought how does he even stay alive I
mean
it seems like he'd be sent to one of
those concentration yes
and then and then he was asked about the
the weaker concentration camps at least
they're being called that
and he actually with a straight face
look what then you know looked at the
interviewer and said no those are just
job education places everybody they can
come and go doors are open we don't even
have a lock on the gate you could just
walk in there get some training and of
course we want them to be trained so
they can be productive citizens why
wouldn't we want them trained why
wouldn't they want to be treated
now I'm paraphrasing he didn't say it
that way but it was one of those
jaw-dropping things where I said to
myself and I'm gonna be Ferrier
Western media is so unreliable that it
is possible I'm not ruling it out it's
possible that they're actually through
job training centers now I always think
that's true it seems to me we probably
have a pretty good idea what's going on
over there and it seems it seems to me
that they're probably just as bad as it
sounds there probably concentration
camps I'd imagine that's true because
we've seen interviews with a family
member of lost family members and
obviously they can't go visit them so it
seems to me like the most obvious lie
I've ever seen and so this guy goes on
American TV again does he even know what
countries and does the ambassador to the
United States from China know what
country he's in because he looks at it
goes no that's just job training places
and I'm thinking I think I'm looking at
Hitler so this Chinese ambassador made
me think instead of thinking I you know
I thought he would have answered the
question about the weaker concentration
camps I thought he was going to come up
with something better you know at least
a lie that sounds a
like there's some gray area like maybe
he better said oh yes it is they are
detained there but they've all committed
some kind of a crime we're trying to
rehabilitate then I was gonna say that's
evil enough you know I wasn't gonna
think that that was good enough as still
as the concentration yep but I thought
they put at least some kind of spin on
it to make some kind of attempt to make
you sound like there was some reason why
maybe the coverage of it was not quite
accurate it didn't really it was a good
idea
I thought they would at least take a run
at it and he looks right at the
interviewer says there's just job
training places you know of course it's
all voluntary and I just thought that
guy needs to be I don't executed what
because what he was talking about was a
a concentration camp and he just lied to
the world about its existence now I
suppose that parts of his job but really
China you couldn't come up with a better
cover story then then then that was
pretty pathetic alright enough about
that I'm just quite seriously I don't
know how he keeps his job he could not
have been a worse at spokesperson for
China what I do I do appreciate that
he's so bad at life that he doesn't
leave any question about the facts he
confirmed every bad thing about China
without trying I thought it was the
worst anyway I read about so as you all
know President Trump has increased the
sanctions on Iran I did not realize how
effectively he had increased the
sanctions on Iran listen to this I just
found out this today that's so so this
month the administration tightened up
the the the sanctions so that even if
you were a country we like and you were
dealing with around you would give
sanction to I guess so we were trying to
stop anybody
buying Iranian oil now when you hear
that you say to yourself yeah yeah yeah
we have a bunch of sanctions but then
everybody finds a way to work around
them so when if you're like me when you
heard we were putting more sanctions on
Iranian oil sales didn't you say to
yourselves yeah that'll hurt them 10%
didn't didn't you think it was something
like that yeah that'll squeeze them a
little bit maybe 20% turns out this
since the sanctions got tightened zero
ships have been leaving Iran's oil
terminals for foreign ports zero we
actually closed down their their tankers
that were selling oil to other countries
to zero pattern or that'll last but it
certainly tells you that the RAM needs
to do something and do something quickly
because the government is falling apart
now I love and again I'm going to say
historians will look back at this
administration as the model for how to
do things even though in our current
moment anything President Trump does
gets you know tons of criticism because
that's the world we live in but
historians will not have to deal with
that you know the the politics of the
time they'll be able to look at it yeah
in the rearview mirror and just say
whether something was good or bad if it
worked or if it didn't and I think
Trump's policy on Iran is going to be
one of those lasting good examples now
of course we don't know how it all turn
out but the way he's setting it up is
the cleanest thing I've seen so far
here's what he used to be the way we
used to treat Iran is if you do things
we don't like which we know you're doing
and you're always doing and you keep
doing we're going to do things that you
don't like so that that was the old
proposition if you do things we don't
like in a variety of different ways we
will do things you don't like in a
variety of ways and what did that get us
Iran do
a variety of things we don't like and
then we would do a variety of things
they don't like and nothing really
changed trump has clarified this
situation as I understand that the
proposition is your economy will be
completely obliterated because that's
what it means when zero tankers leave
your ports if you can't give a single
oil tanker out of your port you're
looking at the end of your economy the
alternative is you saw Iran try to gain
the system a little bit maybe put some
missiles on ships put a little military
risk into the equation muddy it up a
little bit what was Trump's response to
Iran muddying up this very clean
situation the clean situation was do
what we want or we will completely
annihilate your economy we won't we
won't damage it we won't take it down
10%
we won't impede it we will eliminate it
we will eliminate your economy that's
the trunk proposition so they try to add
some variables with the military stuff
for distrub do you brings the whole
frickin or Matta I mean not an entire
tomada but he brings enough firepower to
turn the entire nation of Iran into a
burnin super cinder because they loaded
some missiles on ships apparently and
that he's going further and he says that
any actions against our interests and
I'm not sure if that applies to say
here's the Israel or not probably that
would be not what's on the table but
president said very clearly that any
military action against our assets would
be the complete elimination of her and
Iran would cease to exist as a country
do you think he means it
I do I think he actually completely
means that I mean in what he says
obliteration of Iran we're not
talking about the people or the physical
country but rather the the leadership
I'm pretty sure the the military that's
close to the regime would be completely
eliminated and I'm pretty sure that the
regime itself would be completely
eliminated so think of the clarity of
the current situation the clarity of the
situation is that the Iranian people
have now three options number one is to
go along with whatever peace plan gets
revealed I think in June they're going
on
unveil the administration's peace plan
so option one is to go along with some
kind of a peace plan which is the last
thing I want to do because I'm sure that
involves not funding their proxies and
really not doing any of the things
they're doing probably means some
retreating from territory it's probably
a lot of stuff they don't want to do
option to have their economy completely
destroyed completely destroyed option
three have their country in terms of the
ruler ruling class of the country
completely destroyed three options
complete destruction of your of your
leadership as in debt complete
destruction of your economy as in we're
not just taking them 10% you just won't
have money the economy will just be gone
or three play along with some kind of a
peace deal that probably would be good
for everybody now if you the only way
you could ever imagine that Iran would
agree to anything would be with this
level of clarity anything short of the
level of clarity I just described and I
think is being being just as clear to
the Iranians I think that that's our
best possible situation now I see
somebody saying you are not being
realistic
I'm not telling you that the peace plan
is going to succeed that would be kind
of unrealistic I am telling you that the
clarity of
the way in which we're dealing with the
rat is unprecedented we've never had
this kind of clarity and clarity goes a
long way for this stuff the best thing
you can do is find some clarity and
Trump has definitely kind of it so this
is why I think that Trump will be seen
as the as the model for how to do this
stuff in the future because of the
clarity of it completely black and white
all right I've got something else why is
it that we're not seeing as many images
from the border have you noticed that we
keep hearing about the immigration
problem getting worse and worse worse
and worse but I will see that many
pictures anymore it seems as though the
news and maybe both sides of news are
downplaying the border stuff why is it
now it could be because it became
bipartisan it's a weird way the border
problem started as you know the
Democrats said well it's not that much
of a problem it's not that much of a
problem so let it you know just let it
go the way it is and then the
Republicans say it's a big problem but
now it's obvious that it's a big problem
to everybody and so under those
conditions it feels like maybe the news
doesn't need to cover it so much because
we don't know what to do except we need
to do something better and so that's
that's our situation so I think it's
just less than news because the
Democrats don't have anything to
complain about and the Trump
administration's
the Trump administration is all right
I'm just looking at all your comments
about my microphone let me tell you that
I'm not going to change it so it is what
it is if it doesn't work it doesn't work
so you don't need to tell me I saw that
you know is Beto is going hard for
impeachment
it's going hard for impeachment and I
was watching him and I thought he he
doesn't even seem close to being a
viable candidate doesn't even seem close
and I'm also going to officially revise
my prediction are you ready so I had a
prediction months ago about maybe six
months ago that Harris Campbell Harris
was the strongest candidate for the Dems
and the she was the most likely to be a
risk to trump I have never watched Carla
Harris in action I have seen her
proposals I have watched her interact on
camera she is one of just about the
worst candidates I've ever seen how in
the world did she even get elected
senator
am I wrong she seems awkward she seems
uncomfortable in her own skin
she's got policies that only sound crazy
and impractical and she has added
nothing interesting she's boring and
terrible at the same time and that for a
long time I thought she was their best
hope and so I'm starting to understand
why the Democrats are pushing Biden who
on paper seems like the least likely
person who could beat Trump this is my
opinion not anybody else's opinion in my
opinion is a terrible match up with
Trump because he's if you take you start
with Trump all of his good points and
you remove all the good things from
Trump oh he's brave you know you'll do
things other people won't do he's
unpredictable he's you know he's
interesting he's funny he's provocative
he knows how to use social media you
know if you just start with Trump and
one by one you pick off all of the
qualities that are good about him and
just remove them from Trump what's left
is binding
by those like the frame that you build
the Trump on Biden is the the boring you
know the boring nothing they could not
be a worse match up and I'm not I don't
think that I'm exaggerating right now
when I tell you that it seems to be some
kind of a strategy by the press to give
Biden less time to talk on television am
I wrong
because it seems to me that Biden would
be doing TV interviews just every day
like every day there'd be a sit-down a
one-on-one because you could get all
kinds of attention doing that way doing
that and Biden is in a campaign why
would he not want more attention I'll
tell you why I'm pretty sure that the
press is figured out that the more we
hear from Biden the less we like him the
more he talks the worse he is so I don't
think the president has anything that
looks like a threat out of the entire
field unless there's somebody who
emerges who has not yet emerged so I
would say I would rule out with a judge
ruling been a rule out Harris the Biden
might get the nomination because
somebody's got to get the nomination but
he's certainly not competitive with
Trump unless something really big
changes between now and then so who's
left I've already sort of run in names
of people who are serious looking at
least and I don't think so I don't know
we may see somebody who's lower in the
pack and lower than 2% of approval who
might rise but the slaughter meter is at
114 percent alright Gorsuch and Kavanagh
there's a story on the Fox News about
how their votes have been more
independent than people thought so
here's a little surprise for you
it turns out that Gorsuch and cabin on
both what we assumed would be fair
very conservative judges who would side
with the Conservatives apparently
happened at least on small stop when I
say when I say small stuff I mean the
Supreme Court is continually dealing
with issues that you and I never hear
about you know stuff about Indian or
Native American tribes and stuff like
that but apparently or such and Cavanagh
I have putted on different signs on
several issues so they are less
predictable than that we imagine yeah I
see to last about Tulsi Gabbard and and
yang Amy Klobuchar Klobuchar just
doesn't have the personality yang is
interesting but he's a bit of a
technician in other words he's got tons
of policies and almost all of them sound
interesting if you were going to have a
conversation you know sit down and have
coffee with one of the kid Bates yeah it
might be the most interesting one maybe
blue to judge Buda Gentry would be
pretty interesting but if you had to sit
down actually spend some time if you had
to spend an hour with one of the
candidates would you spend time with
well I could talk all day with ya like I
mean I could just talk all day with that
guy because he's got all kinds of
interesting ideas they may be good they
may be bad but that's just like my ideas
he has lots of them and Budaj edge would
probably be interesting just because
he's so smart and it looks like you'd be
funny but I can't imagine spending an
hour with Ben ever can you could you
imagine spending an hour just you at
lunch and it's just the one candidate on
the other side of the table and you have
to spend an hour just making
conversation could you make an hour of
conversation with bet oh that would be
painful but Klobuchar I don't know if I
could spend time with them anyway
they've got a real charisma gap on that
son all right
at 4 and 10 Americans like some form of
socialism uh your hair's on fire for an
attack America is like some form of
socialism what does it all mean
what's this at all mean nothing nothing
at all this whole socialism versus ánotá
socialism is the biggest phony the the
whole conversation is phony because it's
all about definitions of a word it's not
about it's not about a content it's
about what words mean so when people say
that so when the poll says that four out
of ten Americans like some form of
socialism all they're saying is that
they like things the way they are
because the way things are is we have
some formulas other suppose we've got
Social Security Medicare stuff like that
so should we be surprised that a system
that's working pretty well before an
attendant like it it doesn't mean they
think it just means they have a
different definitions of what the word
means and others now when I hear the
anti-socialist argue against socialism I
always I have the same reaction which is
I'm sure there's a good argument against
socialism I'm sure that exists because
socialism has never worked and
capitalism has worked very well so I'm
sure that somebody can come up with a
persuasive sounding argument against
socialism but I haven't heard it and
again let me be very clear
I think socialism is a big mistake well
why can't anybody make a convincing
argument against it
what's up with that well part of the
reason is socialism isn't one thing it's
sort of like finding a cure for cancer
remember when you were a kid those of
you were older you thought well I hope
science comes up with a cure for cancer
the reason this
I can't come up with a cure for cancer
is it cancer isn't one thing it's like
hundreds or thousands of things that
they just put in this label so even if
you could cure one kind and we're pretty
good at treating specific kinds of
cancers now it doesn't look you're a
cancer because it's just as one little
thing
so socialism is like that there are all
kinds of different ways you can do it so
if you say socialism is good or bad
you're not really saying anything so
whoever is arguing socialism as good as
say not whoever says socialism is bad is
saying nothing it's a conversation
between two nothing's that's why right
neither side is persuasive because it's
a nothing arguing against of nothing if
you can't define exactly what socialism
is you can't really compare it to
anything it's a nothing prepared to or
nothing and yet we get all work nothing
but oh this is nothing is much better
than this other nothing that I haven't
designed didn't could be anything so the
best I've heard is when people say hey
when you consolidate power when you
consolidate power you get every bad
thing that human beings do when they had
too much power this sounds reasonable
right if you consolidate power then
whoever's the boss of whatever that
power structure is has too much power
and then would people have too much
power you don't have competition and
there's corruption but do we see that
with Medicare do you see a lot of
headlines that say Medicare as as
resulted in what are people pretty happy
with it what's the biggest problem with
Social Security well it's hard to pay
for but we seem to a finger to damned so
far so where is the where is the Social
Security corruption that's destroying
the country if you're gonna make your
argument against socialism and it's
about centralizing power corrupts things
you'd better give me some examples of
American
centralist Bowery their corrupted did it
Medicare become corrupt the Social
Security become corrupt I mean there's a
math problem of that who pays for it and
if you have enough young people to pay
from the old people and those are real
problems but they have nothing to do
with socialism versus capitalism they
are simply sort of functional detail
problems the somebody's saying the VA
perfect example so the Veterans
Administration was corrupt because it
had sort of a centralized control how
easily it was fixed watered office to
fix but at least they could address the
subject but by giving apparently
veterans now have an option of getting
private care if they would have waited
too long for the Veterans Association
administration the Veterans
Administration so when you see some of
the examples of where you can add a
little little market pressure to the
public option that's not exactly
socialism as it is the Veterans
Administration with socialism when all
the President had to do would say okay
you veterans you can also use private
stuff and you know so now you've got
some competition in a sense I don't know
yeah I'm not saying the Veterans
Administration is is fixed but they at
least try to address some of the
problems and even if you say that the
Veterans Administration is a good
example of centralized power going wrong
don't we have lots of examples of
decentralized power going wrong take for
example social media social media
operates in a almost an entirely
capitalist structure and it's a big
freakin problem
so did capitalism make social media and
work really well well in a sense of it
because the businesses are very robust
they make a lot of money they employ a
lot of people they develop technology so
in those ways all great
but they also created some real social
problems as in nearly eliminating free
speech effectively even though free
speech is about governments not private
companies the effect that it is pretty
darn bad so when people argue that
capitalism is good and socialism is bad
that's really just - nothing's being
compared because those are such vague
concepts you really need to look at this
specific you need to look at the
specific likewise we were looking at
healthcare it probably would be a bad
idea to have the government making
decisions about health care but would it
be socialism if the government simply
was one of the customers for health care
because we could have an option where
you could have the government health
care and the government would be paying
that insurance at the same time that
people are using the public competitive
market and they could be in the market
at the same time would that be socialism
so here's my here's my statement people
are trying to win these socialism
argument by by first of all saying
socialism is you know Stalin or some
other example from Venezuela etc I don't
think you have as well this problem what
socialism I realize that's an unpopular
thing to say here let me let me ask you
if you think that's the case I'm no
expert on Venezuela but I'm watching
that situation and it doesn't look to me
that the problem with socialism it
looked like the problem was the leaders
it looked like you had a dictator
problem am I wrong about that am I am I
wrong that Venezuela's problem was a
dictator now a dictator chose socialist
policies etc which ruined everything but
it wasn't the socialism that ruined it
it was the dictator the dictator made no
you know nothing would have worked with
that dictator
somebody says god damn it Scott
Venezuela has to be in the state it is
because of socialism really well let me
ask you this let's say Venezuela had an
enlightened leader and that enlightened
leader said well we can't go full
socialism because it wouldn't work but
what we will do is make sure all of you
have good health care would that be the
end of Venezuela do you think Venezuela
could not have provided health care to
its citizens and just kept everything
else the same
you know capitalist kind of capitalist
businesses that said of course it could
so when you say to be that that
socialism ruin Venezuela that yes so
dishonest
it's either uninformed or dishonest if
I'm being blunt it's dishonest because
there's no such thing as socialism there
are lots of different things you can do
within socialism the United States does
a number on them and it has not
destroyed the United States Venezuela
likewise could have done some socialist
things and they would still be a fine
vibrant country with a great economy
they did too many of the wrong things
and they had a dictator and God knows
whatever other problems but blaming it
all on socialism is so simplistic that's
really that's just a talking point from
the news so I've said before that the
news assigns you to Europeans and that
we don't have independent things
everybody here who reflexively says
socialism ruined Venezuela you have been
brainwashed that's it there is no there
is no logic to that thought and is a
completely baseless irrational statement
that socialism ruined Venezuela and I
don't even know much about Venezuela but
that much is obvious because socialism
hasn't ruined most of the European
countries who have a little bit of
socialism I've seen people attended at
lycée I actually agree with you on this
and you see people are being a little
bit hesitant to say that in public
because when you hear me explain it
are you mad that you've been told this
socialism destroyed Venezuela is anybody
actually mad that they've been told that
and it's just so obviously not true
because socialism isn't a thing it's a
whole bunch of things and if they've
done the right things at a few things
they'd be fine just like the United
States we did some socialist things and
not we didn't go too far and we're fine
so don't let yourself be fooled by that
socialism versus bad socialism bad
government killed Venezuela beginning
and end of story
bad government dictator that's it
corruption and whatever things that that
dictator allowed somebody saying define
socialism which is my point exactly if
you can to find it you don't have
anything to say about all right I'm
gonna take some questions I'm gonna open
it up here because I promised I would
let's see who looks interesting I'm only
going to take questions from people who
show their face and real name okay so
let's see what Thomas has to say Thomas
Thomas can you hear me Thomas Thomas
hello do you have a question to us oh no
it's Steve but uh anyway yeah yeah my
question is well actually I want to
throw out a fact first and it's about
health care and in the 60s health care
was 5% of the GDP today it's 18% of
course that adjusts for inflation you
know in that it's in the GDP and my
question is isn't there
number enough an indication that
something is seriously wrong with that
indication that things are seriously
right the reason the primary reason they
might be that health care is so much
higher as a percentage of GDP than it
used to be is we can do so many things
so we have drugs we didn't used to have
so in the old days you didn't have to
spend money on drugs that didn't exist
we had procedures that you can do
operations that we've never thought of
you know skimming devices that didn't
exist yeah going from whatever you said
5% of GDP to 18% feels to me exactly
what a healthy society should look like
we should be inventing new expensive
things that will come down in price over
time but each time we come up with a new
way to keep people healthy we always
would choose a little extra expense to
keep these extra people alive or or
healthy especially since these extra
people could be us but well you know I
would kind of respond with this it seems
to me that well for example I think
ninety you know somewhere I read 97
percent of the top 100 selling drugs
don't cure they only relieve symptoms
things also that kind of concern me
include a little confused about what the
FDA requires to approve a drug above the
placebo effect which seems to me it
could be just a single-digit because my
readings just says it has to be
statistically significant I'm just
wondering if you know I mean I
understand your point about technology
has improved but during that same period
from the 60s to today the healthcare
industry also had the huge improvement
in computer technology so why do so
that's right so working against us is a
lack of price transparency and I think
that the lack of price transparency all
and the lack of competitive forces
throughout the whole healthcare industry
is what the administration is actually
working on directly so that that is what
they're focusing on yeah which I support
a hundred percent by the way I talked to
another caller
just keep things keep saying it's going
thanks so much let's say let's bring
someone else in let's go with no I'm not
going with that let's go with Jacob and
when Jacobs on here we'll see what Jacob
has to say hey Jacob Jacob are you there
good how are you you have a question he
said something kind of poignant he said
where is that for the rural areas of our
country and especially where we live the
rural areas are there's no work no money
and they're just falling into darkness
and despair along with that comes Drugs
and Crime and the strange fact is that
the majority of the country's US Canada
are rural
there's only a couple cities right and
all these people just they're running
out of hope the authority concentrates
where there's a very specific problem
and this you know it's all a different
dynamic dynamic once you get out of the
city oh yes very a lot there you know I
want to try to your question please do
suppose it seems to me that we should be
able to develop a Kint such that one or
two people working together without a
lot of tools could build a small single
a single story structure that they could
live in I can't imagine why we can't
make you know essentially bricks that
just fit
together with a plan have a few
different designs and so that you can
just very easily run cable run plumbing
and that and any person could do it just
watching a watching youtube video for
the work that you need to do that day
and it says okay take these pipes that
are labeled over there and put them
together like you see on the video and
that's all you're doing today it seems
to me that you could get people to be
able to build their own homes now here's
here's the full idea let's take the
blade authority but this there's some
version of this that we're working with
rural communities you have all this land
that is either free or close to free
because it's sort of worthless
suppose it took you took these
properties you've put it in government
control which is easy to do because
again it's free or foreclosed or close
to free and then you say for each person
who fits a certain profile they've got
to apply for this they're going to get a
free piece of land to build on and
here's the fun part they get a second
free piece of land next to it to build a
income property in other words they can
build a second home once they built
their own home with their own hands the
second one they can rent or sell so that
everybody who gets two pieces of land
next to each other because again the
land is almost free because nobody
wanted it they get one they can build on
and one that they can turn into an
income property that would make the cost
of their building much lower supposed to
mean that you could come up with kits
where people could build their own homes
with some exceptions such as you might
need a backhoe to come in and move some
dirt around so there might be some site
prep and sewage and stuff like that that
has to be done by you know big companies
but it seems to be that you could put up
a wall you could probably figure out a
way to to raise a roof with just two
people and pulleys and some platforms
certainly you could figure out plumbing
that you don't have to be a trained
plumber to do you could have inspectors
who are checking in the each step to
make sure they
build things right and you know you've
done it right
yeah so people are telling me those
Sears sold these homes before et cetera
but I'm pretty sure you could build a
model where you would take you basically
use the pioneering instinct you would
get people who can build their own homes
and then they would have a reason to
want that home in good shape because
it's next to their income property they
can build that next mm-hmm
yeah and it's not just a place to live
in the rural areas you're right that
there is an economic element absolutely
because they just don't have the jobs or
the opportunity etcetera so I like that
idea of having one element which is your
home to live in the other which is your
income element yeah we're doing
manicures or hair or something else you
know while you're building it maybe use
that as your place of businesses or so I
think there are models in which people
can sort of work their way into better
situations but they have not been
developed a lot of people are saying you
see your Sears trying to get homes which
they did it's been tried in other
countries and didn't work everything
that I've seen was a very bad try and I
always warn people don't compare to the
bad try to what a good try could look
like right the the airplane didn't work
until the airplane worked and everything
before the Wright brothers was it was a
disaster yeah then it just got better
after that so I would say that the idea
of a kit home was poorly done in the
past but does not predict what you could
do in the future if you had a better
better you know block design I don't
think we've decided them right yet all
right thank you for the question take
care you'll move on to one more let's do
one more question with spring oh really
there's not a single woman who wants to
answer the question I was trying to mix
it up but I'm gonna go with Tom I think
no not Tom let's see who we've got here
Tom how are you
on the healthcare stuff especially so I
own a small healthcare company myself
and we work with almost all entirely
private insurers I also went to business
school I did a double degree thing out
of UCLA and the National University of
Singapore I spent a lot of time living
overseas and I would ask if you or maybe
some of the other viewers here have a
lot of knowledge about Singapore's
healthcare system actually Michael
malleus talks about this in his new book
where it's a very much a public-private
partnership
Singapore has aspects that are very
socialist in some ways and obviously
some ways even totalitarian but it's
also hyper capitalist in many ways as
well so I'm kind of curious if you've
looked into that or maybe some of the
other guests here yeah if what you're
saying is some kind of government
probably a government safety net but
they make sure there's a lot of
competitive elements within the market
that's what you're saying essentially
this is that the big picture not only
that yes but also prices for procedures
and drugs are clearly posted I've used
the healthcare system there as a
foreigner as a student where for an
emergent for an urgent situation that I
that I had and what would have cost
probably several thousand dollars cost
me about 1970 semi Singapore dollars -
so these are minor things and but also
for the big ones too and they've
exceptionally low taxes but also the
standard of living is very very high and
cost of living is very high as well so
that's something to think about but
Singapore's it's my second favorite
country in the world I think you guys
should take a look at it can we take you
off now but thank you for that I like
the idea and follow me Scott okay so we
always talked about the current
healthcare system versus a single-payer
and it seems to me the obvious the the
most obvious productive place to be it
would be neither of those place
you wouldn't want a single pair for all
the obvious reasons our current system
is not getting every covered everyone
covered so that doesn't work for all the
obvious reasons
there's probably something where the I'm
just gonna get rid of all the people who
say that mic doesn't work there's
probably there's probably something that
makes the government just the biggest
customer and there's still plenty of
competition so I think that's where it's
going to end up all right that's all for
now I will talk to you later