[Music]
hey
everybody it's time for I'm doing my uh
announcer voice got to work on the
announcer voice it's time now for coffee
with Scott Adams
yay all right gather around grab your
mug your cup your glass Your Vessel your
Stein your tanker your thermos fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me please for the simultaneous
sip somebody named suaver says my
technique doubled your salary you would
not be
surprised to learn how many people have
contacted me privately and said that I
have doubled their salary that's a real
thing by the
way uh I don't know exactly which
technique people are talking about um
since I have two books that would do
that same thing one of them was how to
failed almost everything and still wi
big which teaches you had a combine uh
average talents to be
special I hear from a lot of
people that they used my book and had
tremendous Career
Success uh doubled their salary fell in
love all kinds of stuff and then people
who read win bigle learn persuasion and
then I'm hearing from a whole different
crowd that they negotiated for a big
raise or they convinced somebody to do
something that was good for them so
you'd be surprised how many people
contact me on a regular basis and tell
me that I did something like doubling
their salary it's fairly common uh and
it feels really
good all right you all want me to talk
about
AOC and Her speech in which she
allegedly took on what some people are
calling some kind of a uh what's the
right word I'm trying to use a word that
doesn't make me sound like a
racist uh a black she spoke in a is it a
dialect or an
affectation so the accusation is that
she tried to talk like her audience who
were
African-American and she was giving some
kind of a
speech uh yeah I don't know I can't even
think of what's
the what's the polite way to even talk
about it accent doesn't seem right does
it accent is that the right word yeah it
seems like every word you use to even
describe the situation sounds a little
racist so let me apologize in advance if
I've offended anybody by not using the
right words uh simply because I don't
know
but 100% of the people I've seen talking
about it um have said AOC is pandering
and this is way over the
line uh and it and it borders on
racism to
adapt the audience's speaking style as
maybe she sees it when in fact the
audience is probably all different
people who speak in all different
ways here's my take on
it you're not going to like it I'm
sorry I I want to join you in hating all
things AOC I would love to be with you
on that I'd love to say every damn thing
she does is is a is a nightmare and a
mistake and and she's stupid and and
nothing she does is right but it's just
not true I just can't get there with you
she does know how to do this stuff you
know whatever you think of her uh of her
uh policies she certainly knows how to
handle the public she certainly knows
how to be a politician really really
well
uh I if you saw her um wine
drinking uh Furniture building video
live streaming she did recently just
this week I think in which she was
chatting and drinking wine and putting
some shelves together some furniture or
something
and uh a lot of people sort of mocked
it and I looked at that thing and I
thought damn it she's so good at this so
good at this it really was good and the
thing I like best about it is that she
was saying that people were complaining
about her getting facts wrong so she had
some fact wrong I forget something in
the news wasn't terribly
important and she said that she's
29 and she's still learning and she's
going to get some stuff wrong and then
she'll she'll figure out how to correct
it and I thought to myself that is so
damn disarming that is so
disarming when she says I'm 29 I'm going
to make some mistakes I'll fix them it's
really that is exactly the
right way to approach that you know
especially if she's trying to convince
younger younger people but let's get
back to this uh this this accent here's
my take on
it definitely not
racist and definitely not anything to
worry
about so it falls into the category of
nothing to see here now I I did listen
to the video and it's very much not her
normal speaking voice so there's there's
no question about it yeah there's no
question that that she's putting on a
voice for that crowd that is not the
voice she uses in her normal
politics but here's the filter I put on
it have you ever had a friend or maybe
you could say this is this is you I had
a friend once who who was raised in
Texas but she had no Texas accent no
Texas accent at all until she gets a
phone call from her father who still
lives in Texas and when she picks up the
phone she has a thick Texas accent for
the entire time she's talking to him and
then she puts down the phone and it goes
away instantly now how many people do
you know that I just described that they
don't have an accent in their normal
life but when they talk to the people
that they you know grew up with or where
they where they're from they just sort
of pick up the accent it's the most
common thing in the world all right so
her excuse which you don't you don't
know in context is that this speech was
given I guess in the Bronx or at least
something that felt like
home so she was using her home accent at
home now was she thinking about it
consciously probably a
little but probably it was also a little
bit automatic in other words just the
situation the people the other people in
the room that she probably talked to
before she went on stage and it probably
just got her in the mode and she just
started talking the way she she would
have talked you know normally to that
group so here's my here's my judgment on
that nothing to see there any any
accusation that that is some kind of a
sign of racism is completely misplaced
all it is is a normal thing that would
happen to a normal
person completely explained by by the
the facts and evidence you don't you
don't need to you don't need to imagine
any new facts just the facts and
evidence completely explain it yeah
somebody says my wife's English in the
US the same right it's a completely
normal situation now because it's a
political world and it's you know we're
entering this political
season I understand if people want to
make fun of it and it becomes part of
the conversation and people will send it
around and have their opinions on it and
it might even be a little bit
influential to somebody but I doubt it
so um to remain credible which is my
primary goal uh I think I've told some
of you before people sometimes ask why
do I even do this you know why am I even
talking on Periscope and tweeting and
talking about Poli politics and uh one
of my sub
objectives is to become credible because
there are so few people like that if I
were to ask you who is the most credible
person talking about the world and
politics you'd probably just say
somebody who's on your
side and and the people who agree with
you all the time are the least credible
people in your life if there's somebody
in your life who just always agrees with
you
politics they have no credibility at all
the only credible people are the people
who can be sometimes on both sides so
it's a very small group and I would like
to try to become part of that group so
that when I disagree with you you'll say
damn it I still disagree with him but I
know he's not lying to me that's what
I'm going for I'm going for I still
disagree with you but at least I know
you're not you know lying to me
all right so enough on that um Chelsea
Handler was on Bill Mah and I'm going to
talk about the uh the Chelsea Handler uh
TDS awareness scale so you may know the
Chelsea Handler is has been one of the
most uh
vocal uh and often
obscene uh critics of the president so
much a Critic of the president that it
looked like mental illness to all of us
us and I say that not not as a put down
I say that as an objective observation
to most of us who watched her after the
election and for a year or so it looked
like you know we're not experts I'm it's
it's not up to me to diagnose people's
mental illness I'll just tell tell you
how it looked as a non-expert it looked
every bit like actual me mental illness
it didn't look like politics and you
probably saw lots of people who were in
that same situation well on Bill Mah I
guess it was last night she admitted
that she did go into quite a tail spin
after the election and she she said that
she sought a psychiatrist help for about
three weeks after and that she was in
quite quite a bad mental
state now Point number one I give her
respect for saying this on television so
she actually confirmed largely what we
observed and here's the interesting part
she took responsibility for
it very unusual you know maybe with the
help of her psychiatrist or whatever but
um and she she even speculated and I'm
I'm going to put less certainty on it
than maybe she did but she speculated
that it was actually um sort of a
response in some way ways to
Childhood um discomfort or uncertainty I
guess her brother died when she was nine
or something so she had some childhood
situation that was very um uh what's the
right word it she lost her Mooring she
she she wasn't connected to the world a
little bit it was uncomfortable didn't
know her place for a while these are my
own words I'm doing a bad job
paraphrasing her so just just assume
you're hearing an approximate version
not not her version um and that she
thought that the Trump election
triggered past
traumas and I and then and she basically
was taking some responsibility for that
now she wasn't saying everything Trump
does is not bad suddenly she was saying
that her reaction to it was an a place
to the the actual thing that she doesn't
like which she still doesn't like but
her reaction was out of place you know
it was exaggerated and it made me wonder
about the bigger
question I've told this story before but
during before the election I remember
sitting in a restaurant and there was a
table next to me and they were talking
about Trump and the election and there
was a woman who was talking about how
much she disliked him and I watched her
in physical fear she had a fight or
flight
reaction that she was describing at the
table next to me but I could actually
see it like her body was in fight or
flight she was in complete
mental
distress that is not anything I've ever
seen in a political
conversation and what I what I uh I
wonder based on listening to chelse
Handler is how many
people were triggered by Trump to be
reminded of an entirely separate trauma
in their lives for example if you were a
woman and had had um let's say sexual
assault you know any kind of a sexual
abuse um problem any time in your life
who is more likely to trigger that
Hillary
Clinton or Donald
Trump now even though Donald Trump
wasn't there and you've never met him
and he was never the cause of any of
your problems who's more likely to
remind you of it well he is you know
love him or hate him he's more likely to
remind you of a man who wouldn't take no
for an answer that's sort of his brand
Trump is a man who won't take no for an
answer in in any way so I could totally
see how that would trigger people and
likewise people have racial feelings you
could imagine how they would be
triggered as well so it makes me wonder
how many people were triggered but on
top of that let's look at the other side
how many people have said that Trump
reminded them felt like a father
figure there were a whole bunch of
people who are who are Trump
supporters probably male and female who
feel as though he's he's emblematic of a
strong father figure who
flawed nobody says he's not flawed he's
got his flaws but his strength and his
consistency for some people compensate
so it's like a father feeling it's a
comfort it's a safety he's going to take
care of us
um so I just put that out there that
maybe Trump is not even about politics
you know maybe maybe we're fooled to
think that how we feel about Trump has
anything to do with politics you know
there's obviously a team element people
line up for their teams but you know so
maybe people the way people vote was
always going to be just what team
they're on but how they feel about him
is not Politics the way you feel about
Trump is not because of his policies
it's something about him and it's
something about maybe your past or what
he triggers because he's a good
influencer and this brings me
to the TDS awareness
path and it goes like
this if you are at the lowest level of
awareness about yourself and your
reality and you have a bad feeling about
Trump probably you're going to say
that's Trump Stam faol Trump is doing
this to me so this would be the the
Chelsea Handler situation Trump he's
he's what's making me mad he's the
problem Trump is
bad as you move up the awareness scale
you get to where Chelsea hendler
apparently is which she's saying I still
don't like Trump I still don't like his
policies and he's definitely doing stuff
that that I don't like but now I
understand that my reaction to him my my
reaction is something about me now when
I say my fault I mean it could have been
things in her past that were not her
fault but still she's understanding it's
just not all about him sometimes it's
about
you those people who move up the
awareness scale to hear say themselves
wait a minute none of us would be
feeling the way we feel except for the
way the media um unfairly and
illegitimately describes it you could
take anything in the news that is
triggering people about Trump and say
and do this Here's a thought experiment
take whatever you saw in the news you
know on any topic about Trump something
he said that was outrageous anything and
just imagine if it had been explained in
the news without opinion what if nobody
had ever offered an opinion and they
just said what he said you could take
anything take his take his hole
comment let's say somebody reported that
Trump said that some of those countries
are holes and let's say no pundit
ever offered an opinion on that how long
would that be a
story 10
minutes that's it there would be no
story it's only a story because of the
way people talk about it same with uh
same with
Charlottesville if he had simply come
out and said his words I think there are
some good people on both sides I think
there are some both people on both
sides but by the way I'm specifically
not talking about the Nazis the
neo-nazis and the white supremacists
they should be condemned totally
if the public
read just the facts I'm not talking
about those racists they should be
condemned totally would they think that
the president had just supported them
nobody would think that because the
words don't say that it wouldn't be
there so once you realize that the way
you
feel is not just about Trump and it's
not just about you those are factors of
course but mostly it's it's about how
the media has framed it once you
understand that your opinions are not
your opinions on on politics you you
have your own opinions on life in
general and you know your personal life
Etc but on politics there is no such
thing as people having an opinion that's
sort of their own opinion complete
illusion nobody has an opinion that they
didn't get from their preferred news
sources you won't find it find something
somebody who's got a unique opinion you
haven't heard on the news can't find
it and then the next level of awareness
people who have read my book wind bigley
are already there and you know that the
way the media frames it is also not a
coincidence it's because there are
powerful influencers there are people
who have created messages that have
weapons grade power if you remember when
uh Hillary Clinton was saying that
everything Trump did was dark his speech
is dark his vision for America is dark
and I pointed out in wh bigley that that
framing is not normal politics that was
a professional's work I of course have
my opinion of who Godzilla is uh we've
never had a confirmation never had a
confirmation but if it's who I've
identified it would be the strongest
Persuader in the world the person who
knows the most about it um so if if
that's true or even if it's other
persuaders the point still stands there
are a small number of
persuaders who the news takes their cues
from you remember everybody in the news
said
um uh CH deini is the person that I
speculate was Godzilla meaning an
adviser to Hillary Clinton uh yeah
Robert Chini wrote uh
influence and uh persuasion the two
books that are sort of the Bible of
influence and
persuasion
so that kind of framing was picked up by
everybody in the media the anti-trump
media and they all started saying dark
at the same time it's dark it's dark
it's dark the media didn't start that
they got it from a Persuader and from
the campaign but mostly the Persuader
gave it to the campaign the campaign
gave it to the
media the media started talking and
people flipped out so um I'm going to
give Chelsea Handler credit for leaving
the the first phase of TDS where she
thinks everything is Trump's fault
moving to the second phase where she
says hey some of how I feel about this
has more to do with me than it does with
Trump she needs to go two more levels
she needs to go to understand that the
media gave her her opinions and that the
op that the media got their opinions
from a very strong Persuader and or
maybe more than more than one now here's
the
irony uh Chelsea Handler was saying this
on Bill Maher's
show Chelsea Handler was talking to Bill
Maher who is more responsible for
Chelsea Handler's feelings about
Trump is it
Trump is it Chelsea Handler
herself is it
Bill
Maher that's right you know the old
saying uh the best trick the devil ever
played was convincing people he didn't
exist Chelsea Handler was sitting next
to the person who caused her all of her
mental anguish and didn't know
it she was actually talking to her
personal
Satan and didn't know it so she's not
yet at the L of understanding where she
knows and of course when I say Bill M
Bill Mah is her Satan I mean that you
know he's a standing for people who had
who had sold an impression of trump to
the world and because he sold an
impression of a monstrous Trump and
because she bought into
it she became mentally mentally unstable
he was her problem Bill Maher caused her
mental illness and she talked to him
telling him it was something else right
in front of you if you watch that and
you couldn't see
that if you couldn't see that she was
talking to her personal Satan and didn't
realize it then you're probably
somewhere down here right and once you
move up to the media's fault you can
tell that bill Mah is part of the
problem again I'm just using him as a
standin for people who had similar
opinions and were in the media um I will
say this about Bill
Mah uh let me give him a compliment I'm
trying to give I'm trying to be balanced
in the sense that if I you know if I
criticize anyone I like to throw in
something positive one of the reasons
that Bill Maher is unusually
powerful is because he doesn't always
take the opinion of one side you've seen
on a number of occasions Bill Mah get in
a lot of trouble for not slavishly you
know picking the side of some political
party and because he's known for that
that's sort of his brand you know he
he's going to say what he thinks doesn't
matter if you like it or not all right
that's his brand and that makes him
credible because if he has an opinion
you know it's not just automatic you
know that there's some thought behind it
even if you hate it now I don't agree
with a lot of his opinions but I will
give them this they are a lot closer to
Independent opinions
than anybody else you're going to see on
TV for the most part not anybody but all
right let's talk about uh
2020 so there's a common feeling that if
the economy is as strong as it is now
there's no way that uh president Trump
could not get
reelected that it's
unprecedented to have a strong economy
and a president who can't win reelection
to which I say you know what else is
unprecedented
everything yes it would be unprecedented
maybe not like 100% unprecedented I
don't know the exact statistics but the
idea that a strong economy predicts
reelection has been true
forever but there's nothing that's the
same about the Trump Administration
everything about it violates some kind
of pattern that we thought wouldn't get
violated I mean the very fact that
there's a non-politician who became
president without any practice he had no
practice being a politician and he just
went his first job as a politician was
President of the United States nothing
nothing is you know we we can't look to
the past the way we could before you
know before you would have said all
right Hillary Clinton raised this much
money Trump had this much money well
that's all you need to know the person
who raises this much money is always
going to win the election and then it
didn't happen so I would suggest that
the rule about the economy being
predictive is a very strong Rule and and
May and may still be predictive but
don't get comfortable with that because
what you have here is that the economy
is getting baked into people's um taken
for granted
assumptions by by 2020 here are the
things that people are not even going to
think about anymore because they're not
a problem right they're not going to
think the economy is a problem because
it probably won't be they're not going
to worry about Isis at least the calipat
because probably not much there they're
not going to worry about North Korea
because they haven't been testing
anything for two years let's let's say
that things go the same way that they're
going they're not going to worry about
out you know so a lot of things that
Trump has
accomplished he's not going to get
credit for by 2020 yeah it won't it
won't count against them but they're
just going to feel comfortable that
those things are just taken care of you
don't you don't need to elect Trump to
solve the problems that he already
solved all right so his value as a
president will go down because of his
success I know this doesn't make sense
but he's so successful UC F that he
knocked out all the big problems that he
would be good at
handling what might be left in terms of
problems that the country thinks are the
big ones could be the things that he's
not the best person for what happens if
Trump solves this is just a thought
experiment what happens if Trump solves
every problem that's a big
problem accept Healthcare now I'm not
saying that that's going to happen it's
just a thought experiment what if solved
every Problem by Healthcare would he be
the best choice for a president in
2020
answer maybe not because what is there
about Trump that tells you he'd be the
best one to solve health care nothing
right there's nothing about anything
he's done that would suggest he's the
best choice for healthcare now he might
not be the worst Choice then he might
still come up with a good Plan before
the election maybe the cutting of
regulations and those things are very
important but you don't necessarily
think you know strongman
Republican when you think who's my best
choice to solve
healthare so he may be a victim of his
own success he might actually be the
most successful one one-term president
in history that's entirely possible
um however think lot will change between
now and then maybe he comes up with a
healthcare plan maybe he doesn't but I
would be looking at Healthcare as uh the
unusually high variable more higher
variable than it's ever been
before all right let's talk
about
um oh Tucker Carlson asked a question on
his
show that was a real
mindboggler and it's a mindboggler
because
um I think I've asked the same question
but he did a much better job of putting
putting it in context and the question
is this for the people who don't like
President Trump's border security
plans how many immigrants is the right
number to let
in and I thought wait a minute we don't
know
that you know I know that there would be
maybe competing studies and people would
have different opinions but if you if
you disag age with the president's
approach to the
border and you don't have in your mind a
number of people you know a number of
immigrants that's the good number and
above that is too many and below that
maybe it's too few if you can't put a
number on it you're not actually in the
conversation if you can't put a number
on it or even a range you know maybe the
range is well up to a million is great
you know I can't be more specific but
let's say up to a million a year is
actually we need that now keep in mind
that I believe everyone who's informed
about immigration would say that we do
need immigration I think everybody
agrees with that right and part of it is
because you know we may not be breeding
fast enough you need a a certain number
of young people to pay taxes and take
care of all the old people that are
coming so we need we do need to Young up
the country like for it's a critical
security safety purpose you have to
Young up the country that I think all
the experts agree on that the question
is how many how soon what's the flow
where do they come from those are good
questions but I would contend that if
you run into anybody who says president
Trump is making a mistake on the border
whatever that mistake is in terms of
immigration you should ask that person
can you give me the number of immigrants
that's the right number
because if you can't you don't have an
opinion about
immigration all you have is you're
joining a team and you have mindlessly
repeated what you heard on
television television will not give you
that framing of let's be let's be smart
let's talk to the best economists let's
let's look at other countries Let's uh
let's come up with an equation that says
this number or this range of numbers is
health healthy and then once you reach
this point beyond that we don't know if
that's healthy or not and then beyond
this point definitely
bad right because if you said let's let
in 20 million people a year pretty much
everybody would say whoa that's too much
we can't handle 20 million a year if you
said let's let in 10 people a year
everybody would say sure it's just 10
people so where between 10 people and 10
million do we want to be because we can
we can design a system that gets us
there if we know what the target range
is so I I say this until I'm you know
passing out from talking too much but
the Border issue is a problem of what do
the experts say and then how do we get
there if we don't know what the experts
say and all we're talking about is how
to get there but we don't know where
we're getting what the hell are we doing
think about
this if you don't know how many you want
to come in every year how can you
develop a system that gets you there you
can't we're talking about the system
completely independent of the
specifications for the system no
engineer does that if you're an engineer
you start with what do you want to
accomplish what are you trying to
accomplish if you say what I'm trying to
accomplish is to get rid of crime or
drugs you haven't told the engineer what
the engineer needs to do the engineer is
not working with two variables crime and
drugs they're not they're working with
all the variables and one of the big
ones is that immigration is a positive
how much positive do you want and how
much you know crime and drugs are you
willing to put up with to get the
positives of immigration give me a Range
give me a number if you can't do that
you're not in the conversation you don't
need to agree or disagree with somebody
who can't give you that number if
somebody can't give you that number
they're not even educated
enough to have the conversation you
should just excuse yourself from the
conversation after you've asked them
what their number is and when they avoid
the question as Tucker's guest did when
Tucker asked his guest the guest was a a
Univision um I guess it was Enrique
asedo he's a Univision anchor and tuer
described him as an advocate for
immigration I don't know if he described
himself that way but the expert was good
on television very knowledgeable about
the situation when asked what is the
number that you want to have for
immigration only could change the
subject and it was fascinating an expert
an advocate somebody who's really close
to the
question wouldn't even put on a range
and that's how you know it's
illegitimate conversation
let's talk about my continuing Deep dive
into the question of who is full of it
on climate change who is lying more the
Skeptics or the scientists I have a new
finding so remember I had challenged the
uh climate alarmist folks on two
questions one of the questions I have an
answer on and I'm going to share it with
you now one of the claims of climate
science as I understand it as a
non-scientist is that CO2 is the problem
because the rate of increase in the
temperature recently is is
unprecedented so would most of you agree
that that's the claim that the claim is
not that it's getting
warmer no nobody's saying climate
climate is a problem simply because it's
getting warmer because everybody
understands climates go through phases
and if this is the warming phase that
doesn't necessarily mean that humans are
involved so just the fact it's getting
warmer no scientist says that means
anything just by itself it's the rate of
warming it's the rate of warming that
makes it scary because it's
unprecedented and I said why do people
keep showing me official climate change
graphs of warming over time which
clearly show on the graph that our
current slope is not unprecedented
because you can go back to I don't know
it's the 40s or something and just look
at it and it's same
slope same slope you can just look at it
with your eyes and say uh wait a minute
your whole claim is that recently
there's a high slope and that wasn't the
case before but then you showed me a
picture and there's that high slope
right there you're the very thing that's
your primary claim is falsified by your
primary graph what the hell am I missing
so said how to explain that so I did get
an answer to that and the answer goes
like this there have
been other times in even the last 100
years when the temperature's gone up at
the same
rate let me say that again climate
scientists agree that our current rate
of increase in temperature is in fact
not
unprecedented what I thought was the
primary claim of climate science is not
it is not a claim that the temperature
rise is
unprecedented because their own graph
shows it's not but they explain the
other Rise by saying that other things
were were in play and the other things
were um volcanic volcanic
activity and the other things were uh I
guess um oone layer other greenhouse
gases so there were o there were other
variables that were also important back
then but in current times those other
variables have calmed down so the only
one that's the only one that would
explain the current increase is
CO2 but let me let me and then uh one of
my favorite uh climate scientist
explainers who's not a scientist but he
does a great job of finding studies and
putting things in layman's uh terms he
sent me to an article that explains this
explains how the variables were
different in say the 40s and here's some
of the language from it says the first
slowdown which might have been the one
prior to the 40s but the first slow down
the nominal pronounced cooling was
probably dominated by natural Eno IPO
cooling
probably so in other words when there
when the scientists are explaining prior
levels that had some Cooling they said
probably is that the way it gets
explained to you do when the scientists
say that the world is going to hell do
they say probably we probably know
what's going on
here you know you have to find that word
probably in in a lot of bit scientific
text now that probably was about one
cooling period so they're not saying
that probably explains all of it just
just this one period
um so it
says uh warming was mostly now it's
talking about uh 1951 to
1975 they're talking about that period
it says the warming was mostly offset by
natural cooling owing to a decline in
the Amo and increased volcanic
forcing mostly offset
mostly okay um this so basically and it
goes on to say that there's once you've
included other greenhouse gases once
you've included pollution once you've
included volcanoes and once you've
included elino events then it all makes
sense and that none of those factors
explain the current
situation here's the
problem here's the problem as a
non-scientists looking on and we're
trying to understand what's true do you
feel lied to
about the main claim of climate
scientists cuz I
do I I've been believing for years that
the primary claim of climate science is
that the temperature currently is going
up at a rate that's
unprecedented absolutely
untrue Apparently that is
not what the climate scientists think so
now that I know I've been lied to for
years about the primary claim of climate
SST and when I say lied I don't mean
that there was any particular person who
said ah I'm going to tell something
that's not true I think maybe it's
because they tried to simplify it
possibly is it you know the most
charitable explanation is that people
were trying to simplify all of these
variables and to say well it's
unprecedented but really they meant
unprecedented in only the sense that
this is the only time we see CO2 being
the main driver
so that was a big clarification that
I've not heard before once you throw
that in it's a lot less persuasive isn't
it because let me let me reframe
everything I've just told you and I'm
not going to try to add any new facts
I'm just going to frame them a little
bit
differently we used to think we knew
exactly what was happening to change
temperatures in the past 100 years we
used to think we knew it turns out we
were wrong so we had to go back and we
found extra variables which one we plug
them in it fits we're now looking at the
most recent years but this time we're
sure it's just this one
variable if they were wrong the last
time not the last time but when they
looked at the past about what was
driving temperature then and they had to
go look for new variables because there
weren't enough to explain what they were
seeing they stopped St looking for
variables when plugging them in got them
got their graphs to fit the
past today they've got this one variable
and they're pretty sure that they have
all the other variables under control
how would they
know if there's a variable they're
missing because in the past they were
missing variables and the only way they
figured it out is that the temperature
and the prediction were so far different
that's the only way they knew they were
missing variables what if they're
missing variables today because today
we're looking at more of a
prediction you can't say hey your
prediction is wrong in the future so you
better add some variables because you
don't know if it's wrong we're talking
about the future
so given that we know they had to add
variables in the past to make it all
make
sense how confident can you be that they
have figured out all the variables that
are currently affecting things well it
completely shoots my confidence out of
the water if they if they had to add
variables to explain the
past and they don't need to add
variables to explain the present because
the present hasn't really turned into
the future enough like we haven't seen
the difference between what we say the
temperature should be and and the
predictions because the future isn't
here yet
I'm going to say that it's looking
sketchier but I will say that the
question of why there is that rate of
increase has been answered so asked and
answered so I would say that that has
been answered we U I'm down to one one
challenge left for climate
science and I haven't heard a response
to it it's possible that somebody
answered it online and I didn't see it
so if somebody saw an answer to this
please please please let me know uh the
Skeptics say or some do that the Russian
uh prediction model is the only accurate
one so far based on recent temperatures
and recent predictions it's the only one
that is accurate and it's the only one n
of 31 or so it's the only one that
doesn't predict a problem with climate
change it predicts warming but not the
dire warming that all the others do and
I've said is that true CU it's a claim
but like every claim in climate science
I don't know how much you could believe
it so I'm that's still an open question
if it's the only model that has
predicted accurately I need to know that
so if anybody knows that let me know all
right uh any other
questions that is the end of the topics
that I wanted to talk
about uh
the 97% came from papers yeah you know
the problem with the
97% is not just the problem that I hear
people complaining about people say that
when the 97% of climate scientists to
agree with
anthrop
anthropomorphic global
warming is not just in the methodology
not just in how they identified who
these scientists were but the question
asked if the question had been do you
believe that the uh that there will be
dire consequences from climate change I
think you get a different percentage
than asking just does it exist asking
does it exist would include all the
Skeptics or most of them the vast
majority of the Skeptics say oh yeah
global warming is real you know the uh
you know the the greenhouse effect
that's real that's all well demonstrated
we just don't think we can predict it
and it doesn't look like it's going to
be as bad as you say
so uh I'd like to know how that question
was asked and and I'm also really
curious why has nobody ever done a
survey asking the right question you
know sometimes you just wait for things
to happen because you think it's obvious
it's like well if nobody likes the 97%
question why didn't some why doesn't
somebody just ask the right question
you know do you think it's an
emergency Etc all right so uh let me hit
one more topic here uh the debate about
whether we should pursue generation for
nuclear or we should go for solar as the
primary way to address climate change
risk or potential risk so which way is
the most economical way to go uh solar
or Generation 4 if you said either one
of them you failed the test because
since both of them are for the most part
they're funded by Private Industry I'm
sure there's a government element on
there but most of the money is probably
coming from private
investors if that's the case the answer
is obvious you do both as hard as you
can if anybody says do solar and not
Generation 4 well well that's just dumb
if anybody says do Generation 4 and
don't do solar well that's just dumb
that's dumb CU if climate change is as
big a problem as people say you better
do every freaking thing you can do and
right away anything short of that is not
believing it's a problem and likewise if
you say well let's just do the one of
them or one of them we think will be
better in the long run so let's just do
that one that the world doesn't work
that way you'd be lucky if you went as
hard as you could at all of our
Solutions you'd be lucky if one of them
worked you know because it's a it's a
complicated world and even things you
think should work don't always go the
way you think so you should do
everything you can so long as it doesn't
become a resource shortage if you have
only one pot of money and you're going
to use it up then you have to pick you
you've got to be a little smarter about
what things you do but uh as long as we
could do both it's not a debate is it it
shouldn't be a debate at all there's
there's no question we should do
both says me all right solar isn't
nationally practical or economic here I
have heard
from uh I guess two billionaires who are
putting serious money into the green
energy field
they would disagree and they would say
that given the rate of improvement and
given various things that green energy
actually um will become the most
economical um I would say I don't agree
with that or disagree I would say it's
unknowable if you were going to do a
long-term economic analysis of solar you
know which would include battery storage
and you were going to or some kind of
battery storage it doesn't have to be a
physical battery it could be energy it
could be pumping water up a hill any
kind of storage facility so if you were
to analyze that over 80 years versus all
forms of nuclear over 80 years you would
be an idiot because nobody can tell the
economics of either one of those things
in 80 years it is unknowable which of
those would be the smart one in 80 years
you just can't know so you do them both
and you see which one which one wins all
right
that's enough for
now uh and I will talk to you later