[Music]
hey everybody come on in it's time for
the best part of the day yeah you made
it you survived another evening despite
all the coronavirus did it kill you
no how about those riots did any of you
any of you died in the riots not you
know you're the smart plucky resourceful
people who stayed away from it and
because of all that good work on your
part you've made it to this point this
point in the universe we're at this
moment in time when we're all going to
enjoy a little thing called the
simultaneous sip yes that's right
and all you need is a cup of margaret
glass a tanker Chelsey Stein a canteen
jug a flask a vessel of any kind a
handgun would be good but the Philip
with your favorite look good I like
coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that dopamine hit at the day
the thing that makes everything better
the thing that cured the coronavirus and
stopped the riots and the looting it's
called the simultaneous epic and it
happens to have go
I feel the racial tension subsiding
that's how good the coffee is well
something's happening somebody says I'm
jealous of the beautiful Christina well
let me talk about that for a moment a
lot of people say to me Scott you're
with the most beautiful woman in the
world is she really that wonderful in
person the answer is no no she's not
that wonderful in person she's much more
wonderful than that way more wonderful
so you should be twice as jealous as you
actually are so start there
alright there's something happening I
don't know what it is yet but it's very
interesting did you wake up this morning
and check the news and say what's
happening there's something happening so
there might be something happening that
we don't know about in other words I
feel like there's something brewing
maybe internationally I don't know what
it is it's just a you ever get ever just
get this this hunch intuition thing that
just can't turn off it's like there's
something happening internationally but
that's not what I'm talking about I
think that might also be brewing but I
checked the news today to see about all
the you know altercations and violence
and see if anybody got hurt last night
in the riots and protests and looting
and what I expected was going to be a
rough night but there wasn't much
reporting on it
why why does anybody know okay so I have
some guesses so here are some guesses
one possibility is that nothing made
news last night it could be that there
just weren't enough newsworthy visual
events so there wasn't much to write
about but that doesn't seem right
the even last night we were seeing live
coverage that the crowds were immense
immense crowds closing down cities where
are the stories where's the news there's
no news it's like it's a blackout no pun
intended because there was that blackout
social movement social media movement
yesterday but it seems that the news has
a blackout on the events of the protests
and am I wrong about that it because
it's my impression that they have some
somewhat agreed there seems to be some
kind of agreement not to show the news
now is that intentional is intentional
that neither fox news nor CNN seem to
have covered the biggest news
what are the odds that neither them
would cover the biggest news and when I
say didn't cover it I mean not with the
details and the picture isn't the
violence and here's a bloody person and
here's a cop and here's a video that'll
make you mad it feels like and this is
my I guess this would be like a
conspiracy theory speculation so the
next thing I say don't put too much
credibility in it I'm just speculating
it looks like the government and the
news business have colluded that's what
it looks like it looks to me like
probably somebody in the government this
is just speculation
it had the thought that the news
business is making things worse because
it's whipping up its whipping up
feelings beyond where they might have
naturally been and that's obviously true
because that's what visuals do visuals
encourage you to do more of it if you
see a car on fire if the news shows one
picture of a car that was set on fire by
a protestor is that going to make fewer
cars set on fire in the future or more
cars set on fire of course more so every
time they show any kind of particular
violence and you know if a lot of people
see it it's gonna make somebody have a
new idea so I don't think there's any
question that the coverage of the news
made the news worse in terms of the
protesting I don't think that's
questionable is it but at the same time
we accept that as the price of a free
free world and free speech and having a
news business at all you know that
sometimes it makes things worse but we
accept that but after say seven days of
whatever of coverage of the same news
that it's still still protest still some
bad people get in the mix still some
scuffles at some point it's not really
the same kind of news news it's still
news but now maybe covering it just
makes things worse and it doesn't have
the offsetting benefit that you have the
first few
the first few days people need to know
so the benefit of telling us might be
greater than the benefit of whipping up
any extra energy but at this point so so
correct me if I'm wrong it looks like
collusion it looks like the government
and the news organizations on both sides
of the political divide seem to have
agreed to cover it less or at least less
visually may be fewer pictures but still
talk about it maybe
I know am i imagining this because it
looks like a complete blackout in the
news and I don't know what to think
about that exactly because on one hand
if that's what's happening and it
certainly looks like it's happening that
would be a responsible thing to do but
it would also be a scary thing that you
know your government too is somehow
involved in suppressing the news even
even if it's for everybody's you know
best interest yeah that's a that's a
dangerous place to go anyway here a few
tidbits in no particular order finally
yeah this is what I've been waiting for
Pope Francis condemned the death of
George Floyd and I've been thinking
myself I don't know what to think about
this situation I need to hear from the
Pope because sometimes you know you just
can't tell what's good and what's evil
until the Pope is weighed in but now the
Pope says he condemns it so now I guess
all doubt is removed so I guess I guess
everybody else is free to condemn it too
so thank you Pope Francis for clarifying
that if you put your knee on the neck of
a man and grind him into the dirt until
he's dead that that's condemnable turns
out that's condemnable so we got some
clarity there that's good Steve King
lost his primary in Iowa I think he'd
been reelected like ten times but he
lost
of course some idiot on social media
comes after me and says that the person
I'd been praising lost what do I say
about that too much I say what are you
hallucinating when did I pray Steve King
I don't even know I didn't even know if
he was a senator or or a house guy at
one point I can't think of one thing
he's ever done except for being taken
out of context and being accused of a
racist I don't know what he's voted for
I don't I don't know anything about
anything the only thing I've ever said
of it about him is that he seemed
unusually dumb he seemed like the
dumbest guy in Congress because he let
himself be accused of racism and again I
don't know what's in his head so I'm not
going to say he is or is not anything
because I would be reading inside his
head we could always see what he's done
or what he said and he basically he got
run out of office from then by a New
York Times misquote he actually lost his
job because the New York Times misquoted
him that that actually happened now did
he deserve to lose his job I have no
idea in terms of did he do a good job in
terms of is he a secret racist inside
his head
I don't know I don't have any opinion on
that because I don't have any
information about him he's he's to me
he's he's just you know an empty box but
but but I am sure he lost his job
because of a quota taken out of context
I'm sure of that
so anyway
do you want to talk about some tough
things well let me give you some happy
things first I heard from somebody today
who shall remain nameless that the said
person was feeling hopeless today
feeling hopeless because the the riots
the looting the protests just keep going
on and on and we've got every other kind
of problem with coronavirus etc I think
it's the opposite I think today were
over the protests I'm not saying the
protests will be done but it looks like
most of the energy of the protests has
dissipated in terms of being too
dangerous so that the dangerous level of
energy may have dissipated you'll still
see lots of energy but I think we're
below the dangerous level the
coronavirus whoever did it just go away
I don't know let me let me give you the
most optimistic thing you're gonna hear
today you ready here's the most
optimistic thought you will hear today
probably nobody else is going to say
this all day long we beat the
coronavirus and the protests are largely
over today is the beginning today is the
beginning you're not going to feel it
yet because you're still like you know
you're still got the PTSD from the last
three months of hell we just went
through three months of hell I think
today it's over I think it's over now
that doesn't mean there won't be some
more flare ups it doesn't mean there
won't be people dying of Kovan there
will be tragedies you know it's not we
didn't reach heaven or something but the
two biggest problems that we have seen
in a long time I think they're over
today
today now I think that the news coverage
made a difference I think that moving in
the National Guard made a difference let
me be the only person in the
country who gives the president some
credit for this I think he's scared
scared the looters
am I wrong do you think the looters
didn't believe that the president was
going to send in the army to shoot them
in the head
of course I believed it did that make a
difference I think it might have because
the whole point was to get was to get
the police to hurt somebody if you send
in the National Guard the military let's
just call it the military if you send in
the military you've sent him the most
respected entity in the United States
there's nobody in the United States as a
group with more credibility and more
respect than the US military am i right
so the president's instinct to seven in
the military I don't think he's gonna
get any credit for that in fact he'll
probably be criticized for it but
there's a reason the energy came out of
the protests last night
and I'm talking about the looter energy
the anti fire energy I'm not talking
about the protest energy it looks to me
like the president successfully scared
the looters into thinking that the US
military was going to be sniping their
heads off if they loot it now I don't
think that they had those orders my
guess is they had no orders of anything
like that but do you think the looters
believe that all the looters know is
that the people who kill for a living
just just got on the on the job do you
know what's the difference between the
police and the military
well lots of differences but one is the
police are really really about safety
the police are trying to keep the bad
guys safe let me say it again
the police are a safety force they're
all about health safety keeping you
alive and they're all
so trying to keep the criminals alive
they're trying to keep everybody alive
that's the job if they have to shoe
somebody is to keep somebody else live
so but that's not the military's job
military is to kill so the president
sent in the killing force that also by
good luck the best fortune we could
possibly have as a country is that we
have more respect for our military than
any other institution period I don't
think there's anything close justice
system no police
sorry government not even close the
organization Democrats nope
GOP sorry Congress ha ha ha news
industry you we have one credible
institution in the whole country
and it's the military am I wrong about
that we have one credible institution
that's it that's all we have left one
credible institution and I don't know
you know I think I think that if the
energy did go down last night in the
protest it probably has something to do
with several different forces one is the
protesters themselves the well-meaning
good intentioned protesters who probably
created enough numbers that they I think
they would have taken direct physical
action against any looters or bad actors
and you saw you saw lots of individual
anecdotes of that happening it looked
like that energy was also higher in
other words the protective energy of the
well-meaning protesters was probably
sky-high and I think that there were
able-bodied people among the good people
let's call them the fighting people
literally they were fined people who
were protesting and I think that was
part of it that they would have taken
direct action to take a brick out of
somebody's hand the other part is that
the credibility of the military is so
different if the military had heard a
story that a policeman killed a
protester or a lunar
what's your first thought I don't know
if it's a good I don't know if he did it
right I don't know if that was justified
I don't know if that was the right
amount of force I don't know if that guy
was trained right right because that's
that's where we're at we're at that so
your first thought is about the key the
capability of the policeman because
that's the topic it's only because it's
the topic that that's your first thought
so that would have done a terrible thing
but just imagine that there Devan one
tragic incident and involved a military
person and a military person acted as a
military person does there was some
threat they responded and somebody died
how would you feel about that I don't
know that that would have sparked a riot
I don't know that it would have because
it would just look different
it was feel different because the
entities involved are not the ones that
people are anything at the moment
they're not hating the military if
you're a minority I feel like the
military is a job opportunity it's a
it's a career stepping-stone I don't
know that there's anything bad feeling
about the military in the minority
community but I don't know either
I'm always threatened I try to be
careful in pointing out that none of us
know how anybody else feels or things
and the moment we think we do that's
where you where you get in all the
trouble there's I did a little very
informal meaning non-scientific poll on
Twitter in which I asked people if their
empathy for the black lives movement and
keep in mind that the key word here is
movement we're not talking about black
people and we're not talking about black
lives matter of members so it's about
the the idea that the movement and I
said did people feel that their empathy
for the black lives of movement was
higher or lower because the protests and
over 70% of the respondents said it was
lower in other words over 70% said the
protests
move things and backwards that they were
a counterproductive that people have a
worse feeling about about the movement
now you say to yourself Scott Scott
Scott you told us it was an unscientific
poll but seriously your followers are
all you know certain to certain kinds of
people if you know what I mean certain
kinds of people
meaning mostly Trump supporters probably
75% of my Twitter followers or Trump
supporters I would guess and so you
would not be surprised if they would
have some negative feelings about the
you know the protests and the
lawlessness etc and that that would be
conflated with the you know the good
intentions of the fine people so here's
the thing though what's the point of
persuasion the point of persuasion is
not to talk to yourself yeah I think
it's true that the black lives matter
people persuaded black lives matter
people in other words the people
marching with him etc I think they
persuaded each other right probably
persuaded each other of something I
don't know but did they need to persuade
each other I don't think so you know in
politics that actually makes sense to
talk to your own team because it's so
hard to get somebody on the other side
of politics to agree with you it's just
so hard then your best play is to talk
to your own side only just persuade your
own site and see if you can get more of
your people to show up at the polls then
the other side can make show up but
nobody in politics is really persuading
the other team they're not even trying
that's partly why you see the division
nobody's even trying because it doesn't
work but that's politics if you're you
know that that's in terms of the
political parties we're actually running
for office but the larger politics which
is the issues if you want to move an
issue you have to persuade the other
side and in this case the other side is
anybody you think doesn't agree with the
RT is there anybody who needs
think you know that the police need some
extra training or regulations or
restrictions or whatever it is who's on
the other side who are you trying to
persuade according to this unscientific
poll 72% have a worse opinion of the
people involved when the point of it was
to give you a better opinion the entire
point of it of black lives matter is to
raise the opinion of other people about
black lives or am I wrong about that the
whole black lives matter is about how
you feel about it
they're not saying change the law I
haven't heard any suggestions they're
not saying change this or that they're
saying change your mind
black lives matter is literally about
changing your mind it's about persuasion
and they persuaded opposite as hard as
you could possibly persuade it's the
worst strategic blunder
maybe you've ever seen of any movement
of all time
now I I'm going to treat the black
community with respect in the next I
always do but the next thing I say is
with respect I'm going to frame it that
way because what's in the site what's in
the middle of this little frame of
respect is going to be a really bad
criticism it's going to be really bad
all right
but the reason I'm framing it with
respect is that I wouldn't say this
unless I respect that the people I'm
talking to there's some things you just
you just wouldn't say unless you respect
it okay so let's get that right first
your strategy sucks
it's terrible your strategy is terrible
because it got you it it got you
aggressively the opposite of what you
wanted let me be as honest as I can do
you think black people are more likely
to get jobs
after this than they were before because
before this black unemployment was at a
record low do you think that's gonna
repeat I don't think so not not because
of anything I'm gonna do but you've made
things much much worse and I think a lot
of people are gonna say I just don't
need the trouble I'll just pretend you
know pretend the other person has a
better resume nobody'll know I think I
think racial discrimination got a lot
worse probably a 10-year setback and
it's not because people don't care
people started agreeing on day one
people was up we're all on the same side
that's my cat going crazy over there
people were on the same side and the
protest which was the looting and the
other things that that you know came
with it and made things so much worse
and the truth has to be told with
respect with respect all your leaders
are incompetent the leaders of black
lives matters are all incompetent
because they got you exactly the
opposite of what you wanted and we have
now heard one constructive suggestion
we're already the whole country is ready
for a constructive suggestion even a
constructive suggestion along the lines
of we don't know what to do but if we
could pull together the right people we
could figure it out anything the lack of
a constructive suggestion has
discredited the movement in a way I
don't think you could possibly
appreciate because the point of
persuasion was to persuade people like
the people listening right now it wasn't
to persuade yourself if you persuaded
yourself that's terrific but it bought
you nothing except more division if
you're trying to persuade the other side
you failed as hard as anybody could ever
fail it's the worst failure I've ever
seen of any political strategy of all
time
and I'm talking about all political
strategies at all time the Democrats are
running a brain-dead sack of
dust for president and even that's not
as bad a strategy as this was the worst
strategy ever now the first few nights
of protest even with any bad that came
with it
that was totally acceptable honestly you
know you could understand some some some
emotionally outburst because the
situation that triggered it was so awful
you can imagine it and you can also sort
of get past it pretty easily because you
saved me and that was pretty bad I can
see why people reacted but after a week
where you know there's gonna be trouble
and you do it anyway well that's just
discrediting your entire your entire
point so you know I hate to put it in
the starkest terms but well I'm not even
gonna do that so here's what I don't
think we should do anymore
we should not Infanta lies we meaning
people who are not black should not
treat them like infants and that's the
most racist thing you could do is to not
not speak honestly if you're trying to
be helpful and you're trying to be
you're trying to show respect which you
always should if you're trying to be
honest and you try to show respect and
you're trying to be helpful you have to
say that the strategy of black lives
matter is a complete absolute failure of
the the highest level because it makes
the the people they want to persuade
think less of them not more and in fact
I said the other day the black lives
matter logo you know the the brand what
would you call it the slogan the slogan
itself the words black lives matter our
devices and although they've been very
successful as an attention-getting brand
they are divisive by their nature and so
of course they made things worse
shouldn't be a surprise actually and
it's a tragedy and watching this tragedy
unfold I gotta say is sort of
heartbreaking
because things we're right on the
edge of making things better and I think
it was the political leaders who decided
that wait a minute instead of coming
together over this massive agreement
over how people felt about the George
Floyd video instead of bringing us
together which so easily could have
happened
it was the leaders who pulled us apart
imagine if the leaders of black lives
matter had said on day one we just
noticed that everybody feels the same
about this let's work with us let's use
this we just made the biggest gains
we've ever made through no effort of our
own it was this tragic incident that
brought everybody to the same page let's
work with it now what they do instead I
think they said if we try to work with
this and try to be productive it will be
bad for us us being the leaders I
believe the leaders the black lives
matter have thrown the black community
onto the boss because the black
community had the biggest opening of
maybe all time to just really make a
gain just work with us just take yes for
an answer yes we'd like to fix
whatever's wrong with the police yes yes
do you know what black lives could black
lives matters could do to fix the police
problem here's a persuasion is
persuasion advice that I know they won't
take and it's because the leadership is
completely incompetent and they're
completely incompetent on the persuasion
level specifically because they're not
thinking of what it takes to persuade
other people they're thinking as most
people do by the way this is the most
common persuasion problem is to think
you're persuading yourself or to think
that you're persuading other people and
that they think the way you do and so
therefore you're just persuading
yourself it's the biggest problem in
persuasion and and that's where it is
let me tell you how you could get white
people to fix the police problem for you
you ready for this
i'm gonna get again treat the black
community with the respect that I don't
think anybody gives them I'm gonna give
you the truth I will respect you enough
to give you the truth I don't think
other people are telling you here's what
you could do to fix the police problem
if you care because I don't think I'm
not saying that everybody cares
honestly I'm saying that they care about
the issue I'm not saying any evidence
seriously I'm not being provocative here
I don't see any evidence that any black
person cares about fixing it because
what that would look like is here are
some suggestions can we get together we
have meeting can we meet you mister
president at the White House anything
we're forming a committee can we get
some white people to help us out you
know to make sure we have the diversity
of opinion anything like that but
there's nothing we see that looks like
any interest in fixing the problem now
again I don't read your minds and I want
to not do that I want to have the
humility that I don't know what you're
thinking I can only tell what you're
doing I can't tell what you're thinking
I can't get in your heads and as soon as
you think you can that's where you go
wrong so let me tell you I've been
holding out on this it's the secret
weapon it's the strategy that will work
100% and let me let me tell you this
this strategy could get you all the way
back to the agreement we first felt when
all of us are the George Floyd
video that's how strong it is the thing
I'm going to tell you next is so strong
persuasion wise it would take you from a
huge loss I mean I think the black
community lost ten years of gains in
last week I really do it's tragic but
this one trick I'm going to give you
would bring you all the way back to the
day we saw the video and we're all on
the same side and here would be the
persuasion trick black lives matter
should release the statistics on white
people who have been killed by police
and they should say hey white people
look at how many people have been killed
by the police who are white turns out
there and more of them than there are
black people killed by the police
turns out if you were to look at the
statistics you would be surprised that
there's actually not a black problem per
se but there's definitely in terms of
the statistics you wouldn't find it but
in terms of the lived the lived truth
it's got to be true that black people
get pulled over and hassled bar that's
probably that's probably true right I
don't know what the statistics are but
feels like that's true
so if the black community wants to
persuade the white community to do
something practical about the police
they just have to say we just noticed it
affects everybody that's it it's the
same strategy that cured AIDS
so the gay community used a brilliant
strategy I've said use this example
before because it's the best example
you'll ever see AIDS was thought to be a
gay problem the trouble is if only gay
is care about it there are not enough
people to fund it to change laws or
whatever you need to do I don't know if
the same laws that need to be changed
but to fund it and research and all that
so the gay activists and by the way
there's a little bit of speculation on
my part it's just observing what
happened at some point it became hey
this is everybody's problem you could
get it all these different ways
heterosexuals give it etc once it became
everybody's problem then enough
resources got directed toward it and we
got much better shape in terms of
therapies so the best thing you can do
is to tell the people you don't think
are helping you that it's their problem
- now how did black lives try to tell
the white public that it was their
problem - by destroying all the property
that was there persuasion I think we can
convince you that this is something you
need to pay attention to by destroying
the retail stores and and shutting down
your economy how did how well did that
persuade the people that they wanted to
persuade
not at all it worked in the opposite
direction hard hard if they wanted to
proceed white people to say holy hell
this needs to be fixed what are we doing
about police are they being trained
right or we are we are we measuring this
statistics right let's make sure we got
good statistics let's make sure that
whatever this problem is we've really
researched it you know as thoroughly as
we can if you want to get white people
involved and fixing the problem
acknowledge that it's our problem just
acknowledge it simply acknowledge it
here's the air of the statistics it's a
big problem can you work with us is it
because we feel it more in the black
community I think that's true don't you
think that the black community feels
that more than the white community I'm
it's obvious there's protests about it
all the time how many white people were
protesting police brutality none right I
mean about police brutality about white
people so it's a very simple strategy
all black lives matter has to do is
acknowledge that they're not the only
ones with problems that's it that's it
the day that the leader of black lives
matter goes on TV this will never happen
by the way goes on TV and says look this
isn't just a black problem look at how
many white people got killed by police
can you work with us do you know do you
know how many people would say yes so
hard that it would be deafening look how
many white people got killed by police
can you work with us yes yes how about
yes as hard as you can yell yes take yes
for an answer that's what a strategy
would look like all right
somebody on Twitter so I tweeted
yesterday that the the protests with all
the badness that came along with the
protests from the people who were not to
find people that it set things back and
probably will end up in more deaths of
black people than if there had been no
protests because of extra of poverty and
so somebody looked at that statement
that poverty would kill more black
people than the police well and decided
that that was a case of my white
privilege
so somebody tweeted at me there was a
sign of white privilege that I believe
that more black people will be killed by
poverty than the police now the first
thing I thought was well I don't know
how that makes sense and I can't connect
those dots but I tweeted back that I
lost three separate jobs for being white
and male true story dumb I just add
that curse word at the end because guess
our attention but a lot of people don't
believe that's true
Oh some of you've heard the story you've
heard it two of them but there's one of
them I've never mentioned in this
context so here the three times lost
jobs for being white and male first time
was my job at a bank my boss called man
she was a woman and she said we can't
promote you because you're white and
you're male directly she said that the
company got in trouble for not having
enough diversity and so they couldn't
hire they couldn't promote you if you're
white are you male and she was calling
me to tell me directly and again
directly so this is now something that I
read between the lines it's not
something that I thought about
afterwards and thought maybe they were
trying to discriminate against me
nothing like that
indirect words she said I'm afraid you
won't get promoted here because you're
white and you're male and the orders
have come down the you know we got to
slow down on that so I quit
so that was the first job career you
could say because I thought my career
was going to be in banking so this was a
early 80s heading and so I went to
Pacific Bell it was the local phone
company at the time and I got on the
management fast track so they had a
little program where they had identified
people who were you know maybe couldn't
be senior management someday I was
finishing my MBA you know I look like
corporate guy on the way and when it was
about time I'd been seasoned enough and
it was about ready for that big
promotion because at the folk up in you
didn't make a ton of money back in those
days the jobs were really good at the
management levels they paid a lot with
bonuses and stuff and I was ready for
that big one to is called a director
level and I was thinking on next year or
so I'm gonna get the big bump my boss
called me in his office and he said that
he couldn't promote me he was he just
wanted to warn me he couldn't promote me
because I'm white and I'm male he said
it directly those very words you're
white you're male can't promote you and
he said that management had just said
the word down that they couldn't promote
any white males because they too had
gotten in trouble didn't have any
diversity in senior management
so that's two entire careers that went
down the toilet because I'm white and
male and black people tell me I don't
understand the effects of discrimination
now of course I don't understand them in
exactly the way any black man or any
minority or any woman would experience
them of course not
but the only point I'm making is that
you also don't know my life you don't
know my life you don't know my life just
like I don't know yours the third time
that happened was after Dilbert was
successful now I'd quit you know I'd
give it up on my corporate careers
because of those experiences and I
started working on my side you know my
side hustle if you will and my side also
was trying to get some comics published
and that went pretty well
now Dilbert took off and of course I had
to find a place I was working for myself
so I needed a job or I didn't have a
boss who would tell me that I couldn't
be promoted because of my race or my
gender so I thought I'd Scott I got to
work for myself I guess so I became an
entrepreneur if you will in cartooning
was one of the things I tried so that
worked out and then the Dilbert TV show
was created you know fast forward in
time I created the Dilbert TV series on
UPN no UPN is a network that doesn't
exist I think WB bought them or
something but at the time there was a
small network and I I intentionally took
a deal with a small network because I
thought I could be a big fish in a small
network and if you're the one they give
attention to yet you have a much better
chance of success so I thought how
Dilbert would be kind of a big deal on
UPN could be like the Simpsons made Fox
a big Network you know that was the The
Simpsons was a big deal for Fox's
history I thought well I could do that
for you p.m. so we go over there we have
a successful first season and we get
renewed yay got renewed in the second
season upm decided to make a strategic
change and they decided that they would
become a network focused on
african-american content so upm decided
to become the african-american content
channel and that was the end of my show
now the reasons given were other reasons
right they moved it to a bad time slot
the other the ratings went down because
it was in a bad time slot and then they
say well the ratings went down so you're
cancelled but of course the ratings went
down and because they moved the time
slot that's the only reason it would
that so I lost my TV career because the
product I make was not you know oriented
for the african-american community so
those are three enormous you know
inflection points in my life based on
racism
am i interpreting that incorrectly would
you now say that racism is exactly what
I experienced and that on three separate
occasions it knocked me off a pedestal
now here's what here's the most
provocative thing I might ever say and
so I'll try to say as carefully as
possible again with great respect I
always respect people they're just
automatically it doesn't matter who you
are I always respect people what I don't
respect is strategies people have bad
strategies I don't respect the strategy
I always respect the person though now I
think bad strategies come from bad I
don't know maybe you've never seen a
good strategy so you just don't know
what it looks like it's not something
that necessarily common sense will get
you to I don't know if you can come up
with a good strategy just by thinking it
through sometimes you have to see
examples that's the best thing oh I'll
do I'll do it like they did it that's
the whole point of case studies in
business school you want to see examples
of a lot of stuff then you know what to
pick from I'm going to make a
provocative claim that no matter your
color no matter your gender and no
matter a lot of different things anybody
who used the strategies that I've used
has succeeded that's that it's very
provocative anybody who's used the
strategies for life that I've used has
succeeded eventually yeah I told you my
story that a racial and sexual
discrimination was a huge problem in my
life a gigantic problem in fact arguably
the biggest problem my biggest career
impediment was race and gender
discrimination all right I just told you
the story I didn't make that up but
here's the second part and of course I
wrote the book behind me I had it failed
almost everything and still win big
and I talked about developing systems
and I talked about building your skill
stack which is what I did and I would
argue that anybody who did what I did
has a good life meaning that you know of
course you have health tragedies though
so there could be you know exceptions
but generally speaking here's what I did
to succeed all right I'm gonna tell you
what formula I used I want you to tell
me if this would not work for black
people okay so here's the formula I was
in a small town with not my parents
didn't go to college didn't even know
much about what that was all about we
didn't have money I won't go into the
details but we were I'd say lower lower
middle income you know we had enough to
eat all the time
etc so we never were hungry but we you
know we had used used cars let's put it
that way I mean you know a lot of used
stuff in my life and here was the
strategy I used my my mother said just
do really good in school and basically
everything will work out that's it you
know basically stay out of jail
don't do anything that would you know
derail you permanently don't get anybody
pregnant you know don't be a drug addict
when you're a teenager don't get in jail
and just really pay attention to your
schoolwork now what did that get me well
so I graduated and had to get a
scholarship to the college that I wanted
so I got a scholarship how hard would it
be to get a financial scholarship if you
were a black student who did good work
and stay down in trouble not hard right
if you just do well in school and stay
out of trouble you can get a college
scholarship if you're black I think
correct me if I'm wrong but I think you
could go to college if you've got a
college and again you stay out of
trouble you don't get
somebody pregnant when you're too young
too supportive just basic stuff if you
do those things and you're a black man
let's say a black man just to have a
specific example you're a black man with
a college education in the United States
how do you do in life good every time
because do you know how many
corporations want to hire a qualified
minority all of them all of them all of
them yeah every one of them do you know
how many corporations are looking to
hire more white people not a one
of them none none do you know do you
know you're white hiring people just to
pick an example let's say the hiring
manager at the big corporation sees you
walk in and you're a black man and he's
looking at your resume and you're a
black man with the right qualifications
for the job
what is the hiring manager the white
hiring manager what do they feel like
when a black man walks in and he's got
exactly the qualifications you're
looking for
they salivate they salivate
because it fixes their problem do you
know what that white hiring managers
biggest problem is can't hire enough
qualified minorities it wants to it's in
his job description the the frickin
hiring manager won't even get a good
bonus if he can't figure out how to get
some diversity because it's so important
in big corporations so you tell me that
there's not a strategy for everybody to
succeed in this country if they're if
they're smart enough to go to college
now not everybody is smart enough to go
to college right it doesn't matter your
gender race right it's just lots of
different people but if you just change
that to instead of go to college learn
to trade learn to trade that's it
somebody's stayed out of trouble didn't
get anybody pregnant didn't become a
drug addict didn't join a gang learn to
trade became a plumber
how's that black plumber gonna do great
because plumber is a good job great so
let me give some some tough love on the
question of structural racism this is
gonna get me cancelled so hard I don't
know I think I like danger or something
because I'm only doing this to be
productive that's the first thing you
need to know I wouldn't do this if I
didn't think it would help somebody all
right
everything I say is with respect and
with the intention of making the world a
better place so with that said loving
all the people but being rough on the
strategy I'm going to give you some
tough love
strategy-wise the strategy of saying
that the problem with the world is a
structural racism and that you need to
dismantle the mechanisms of white
supremacy is and I don't want to pull
any punches that dumbest
strategy of all time it's gonna make
these riots look like they're brilliant
it would make them look brilliant the
dumbest strategy for making
things better for black people is to
complain that the problem is structural
racism and they have to dismantle the
white supremacy because again who are
you who are you persuading are you
persuading your own side to feel bitter
because persuading your own side to be
bitter and hey white people doesn't get
you a job
it really doesn't as strategy wise it
doesn't get you a job might lose you a
job what's never gonna get you a job so
and here's why a little bit detail on
that when you said let me prove this by
asking a question in the comments I want
you in the comments to back me up on
this or to refute me so if this is not
true tell me
most of you I'm guessing or white I
think 90% of my typical viewers are
white I wish I had more african-american
viewers would make it more fun but I
think that's the ratio so just working
with that ratio look at the comments and
I'll ask you this question do you know
what the raesha let me say it again
if for the white people watching this do
you have any idea what the
institutional racism is do you have any
 idea what that is because you're
supposed to fix it you've been asked to
fix it
wouldn't it be nice if the thing that
you've been asked to fix the only really
ask that there's only one ask coming out
of the black lives movement which is to
fix this institutional racism what the
 is that
do you think I don't want to fix it
I would totally fix it do you know what
here's a little tip about white people
we love to fix it's like baked into
the most basic thing about white people
if you want to understand white people
here's here's a tip number one for white
people we love to fix stuff help
us just tell us what to fix don't tell
us we got some structural racism no
 use whatsoever if you're trying
to make it worse for black people that
would be the way to do it every time I
hear structural racism with no
definition no detail no specific thing
to do every time I get pissed off is
that what you were is that what you're
shooting for was the point of your
persuasion and the way you want to make
things better for the black community is
was it your strategy to simply piss me
off and give me nothing I can help with
because that's all you're doing
that's all are you doing you're just
 pissing off white people because
we don't know what that is love to know
love to help if you don't understand
that white people
to help you don't know anything about
white people right you're you just it's
like you're blind and stupid if you
don't understand how much white people
just automatically it's we're just like
the most healthful people in the whole
 world
here's another strategy let me give you
an example of this this is a very
concrete and fresh example I saw Jack
Murphy who you should follow on Twitter
he had great video I've told you this
before last night - he was in the middle
of the protest live-streaming it was the
best it was the best video you could
have seen last night from any source
professional news crew or other was Jack
Murphy it was just him with his camera
because he went into the middle of the
action and unlike almost everybody else
who owns a phone he knows how to hold
the phone steady have you noticed that
you watch anybody else's livestream and
they'll be walking through the crowd
like this alright I'm in the crowd do
you see what I'm seeing and you're like
no I don't see anything because
you're moving the camera too much can
you hold that still love to see what
you're seeing so anyway that's a pet
peeve but so Jack Murphy knows how to
hold the camera still yeah it's like
part of his skill stack is this tiny
little skill it's like I'll bet I'll be
better than everybody who does this if I
just hold the camera still
sure enough so beyond that he has lots
of other talents but he was somebody
tweeted at him and he had responded that
that I and Jack Kapoor Sabich had signal
boosted him in other words we've we've
promoted him online just as I did just
now now why do I promote him online why
do I do that what's in it for me I've
done Jack's podcast but of course that
also was helped helping him to boost his
signal why do I help him it's a strategy
it's a white person strategy and it
works every time and it goes like this I
just do things for people
that's that uh-huh I do things for
people I do things for lots of people
Edie Latimer would tell you the same
story at Latimer african-american he has
built his following on Twitter up
substantially he's got you know lots of
really fun and really useful advice and
you know framing of things etc and he's
one of the most productive useful
strategically sound people you'll ever
see in your life
I also boost his signal why do I do it
because that's who I am
why how did I get here like how is it
that you're listening to me and I've got
a famous cartoon strip how did I get
here other people other people boosted
my signal why did they do it I don't
know they just did it and it's good when
you boost other people's signal that's a
strategy does this come back to me maybe
probably karma some way I don't know
it does it does it helped me directly
not at all does it help me indirectly
probably it's a strategy it's also the
most common Silicon Valley strategy when
I was going around talking to people
with my my startup and not you know be
asking for advice and or funding or
whatever and the most unusual thing that
would happen is they would offer me
something for nothing and I would think
everywhere you went in Silicon Valley
you'd have a meeting and then when when
I was done they'd say you know anything
you need if I can help you I'll help you
connect to people you know if I help you
meet somebody if you need some advice I
want to talk through something give me a
call but unlike sort of normal you know
social chitchat they all meant it they
all actually meant it it's it's it's one
of the most basic strategies of Silicon
Valley that if you help other people it
gets back to you you know this is this
virtuous
this virtuous system of people helping
each other where they kept you know
they're not like taking the shirt off
their back they're giving advice and
connecting people and sending an email
and stuff you know pretty easy stuff but
so is signal boosting so this is just an
example of where if there's
institutional racism I would look for
strategy to route it out in other words
I think if the black community focused
on improving its strategy that it
actually wouldn't even matter the
structural structural racism existed and
let me let me say that a little bit more
clearly with some meat if your strategy
is good enough you can slice through
obstacles the the so-called structural
racism I believe is a real thing but
it's sort of amorphous and hard to
figure out where the buttons are you
know where's the user interface so I can
get past this structural racism like
what do I do get a strategy if your
strategy is good you'll slice right
through it it'll be like it wasn't even
there it will still be there but one of
the things they that I think is a
framing problem is that you have to
remove the structural racism to succeed
and you don't and you can't you don't
need it to remove it to succeed you need
a good strategy and it doesn't need to
be removed you need a good strategy and
worse if you try to remove it you can't
you can't it's just sort of too big and
amorphous it's sort of like you know I'd
like to get the air out of this room you
know I suppose you could do that if you
tried hard enough but point is strategy
is where they should be focusing no I
don't want to use it word should I'm
trying to train myself never to use the
word should because it's sort of a
fighting word you think it isn't but it
is you tell somebody they should
do something and that and you know
they'll just stiffen up or don't tell me
what I should do so let me take the
shirt out of it and say this to the
black community with ultimate respect
and affection I say this your strategy
suck you've been duped by your leaders
who are incompetent
if you had better leaders they would be
focusing you on strategy let me let me
put it in the starkest possible terms if
you were to replace whoever the hell is
your leader I don't know I don't know
who it is with Edie Latimer
african-american man who's good at
strategy you would fix all of your
problems
I'll say it again if Edie Latimer were
even advising black lives matter even
though its advisory doesn't have to be
the new leader or anything just advising
he would advise you on strategy and you
would slice right through any any racial
discrimination still be a problem still
be you know still be emotionally
disturbing still don't want and it's
still evil it's still all those things
but it would be like it wasn't there you
would just slice right through it
likewise some of you may know I was born
not very tall not good-looking not tall
not good-looking
got glasses lost my hair early short
ugly glasses not good-looking balding
did any of those things slow me down
well some are gonna say no cuz you're
white that's easy you're white no I just
told you I lost three jobs by being
white how much of a problem is it
statistically to be short and ugly it's
a pretty big problem how do I solve the
fact that there is institutional
discrimination against short ugly people
I can't I can't it's too big and
amorphous and there are no buttons how
do I change the fact that people
discriminate
against shorter people and ugly people I
can't change that but I can have a
strategy that is so powerful I can slice
through it like it didn't exist and I
did I sliced through it like it didn't
exist and anybody with a good strategy
asked ed Latimer who you should be
following on Twitter anyway because he's
great
ask him ask him to back me up
strategy overcomes just about everything
so CNN continues to make things worse I
don't know how they sleep at night
honestly it makes me wonder if their
self aware of how much worse that are
making things in this country I really
don't know because they act like they
believe they're making things better but
they're they're so not here's an example
they ran a an article on us black and
white inequality in six stark charts and
they showed you know income inequality
and health care and they were they're
quite shocking because the differences
are or they should you know if you're if
you're a good person this should bother
you to see the gigantic miss of the
differences but here's what was not on
the charts a normal or let's say a
comparison by strategy what I'd like to
see you know what would help me do you
know it would help the black community
more than anything not this this makes
things much worse because they framed it
in terms of inequality so if that's how
its framed that's sort of how you accept
it then you go forward I there's
inequality here's what would have been
useful to do a comparison of black and
white citizens who followed the same
strategies if you ever see
compared to being the people who early
in life said here's my strategy this is
how I will succeed stay in jail study in
school don't become a drug addict don't
get anybody pregnant before I'm ready
that's my strategy so how about showing
me the chart everything you with just
those four things everybody who had that
strategy how'd they do out of the
incomes compared now if you show me that
chart and there's a big difference I'm
gonna say well I think you found the
discrimination because how do you
explain that same strategy different
results discrimination would have to be
assumed to be the primary thing but the
thing is it would look a lot different
and it would also change the frame it
would change the frame - whoa are you
telling me that all the people with this
strategy did well well maybe that's
something all right
so Attorney General Barr has threatened
to release the Anti Fog communications
that would show which elites and I guess
that means elite Democrats and
politicians played a role in
coordinating the riots now of course you
could call them riots or protests or
looting or anarchism or whatever the the
word words matter but I'm not sure they
matter in this case because everybody
knows what you're talking about
Virginie so how much do you want to see
the Anti Fog communications
I think empty Fah will be shown to be
not very popular and now black lives
matter oh my god the you know I said
black lives matter their strategy is the
worst I've ever seen to try to get what
they want but they've also allowed
themselves to be paired with a domestic
terrorist organization they've allowed
themselves to be like paired with them
it was easy to stop because after the
first few nights they could have just
said we don't want to march with an tyfa
that's all they had
to do do a few nights of protests and
say look anti-shah we're not with you go
do your own thing because we don't
support what you support could have done
that but didn't you know they were being
inclusive I guess but it worked against
their interest in an enormous way so AG
bar is going to take down anti file and
every time the Anti Fog is down you're
gonna think of black lives matter
because now they're paired in your mind
so any bad thing that comes out of an
tyfa is going to like slop over in your
mind even though it's not fair totally
not fair but that's not how minds work
minds don't work on fairness they just
pair things irrationally so could not be
a worse week for the black community in
my opinion in terms of their strategy
Virginia protesters lit a house on fire
with a child inside the police chief
called it and I quote unacceptable fair
statement you know when somebody lights
a house on fire that has a child inside
the first word that comes to my mind is
unacceptable you really should think
this through before you set a house on
fire there's a child inside I always
like to recommend that you consider all
your options
maybe maybe consider that there are some
acceptable things to do but that this
one you know I I don't want to make you
feel bad but I feel as though you've
picked a suboptimal dare I say
unacceptable a little bit unacceptable
to burn down a house with a child inside
and I would I would agree with this
police chief it's unacceptable it really
is all right I probably done enough to
get cancelled what do you think
so I'm gonna leave you with the positive
thought I think the energy has commanded
the protests I think everybody got the
message
I think the coronavirus for whatever
reason is becoming less of a problem I
think the economy is going to come back
I think retail was going to die on its
own and probably wasn't if you know
about retail rental space the landlord
makes money whether the whether the
retail shop makes money or not because
that they still have to pay the rent so
I don't know that the retail store has
made any money I don't so I'm not sure
that the economic segment that just got
wiped out I just don't know if it's a
big deal now it's a big deal to jobs but
if the economy comes back in general I
think there'll be enough jobs
we'll get there so I would say that
today is a day you should feel very
optimistic summer's here coronavirus on
the run and I think that the protests
made their point everybody heard it it's
time to get back to business and if and
of course as I make this offer all the
time if there's any way I can help I am
always available to do it why why would
I be available to help why would I help
when there's nothing in it for me it's a
strategy it's a strategy if you can help
people it's eventually gonna get back to
you so you called me sulfation if you
want but I'd like to help that's all for
today I will talk to you I don't know if
I'll be on tonight if it looks like the
protests are going to turn into riots
tonight I might do another another
livestream tonight but if it's settled
down I think I need to take a little
time off just from the evening broadcast
not the morning and if you would like to
support me which I would appreciate
there's a subscription service to see
this content plus stuff you don't see
anywhere else especially my comic robots
read news which will probably get me
cancelled eventually because I do lots a
edge of your stuff I get to swear in
that comic I like to use all the use all
the curse words I can because I've got
the 30 years of not being able to say
provocative things of newspapers so it's
a very freeing experience but I'm also
putting some micro lessons on everything
from writing to humor to talent stacks
etc so I'm trying to make the locals
subscription service really additive and
I'll try to be pumping that up as we go
if you want to find that link you can go
to locals comm or you can find the link
in my Twitter Twitter profile you'll see
the link there that's all for me I'll
talk to you soon