The stocks are uh not looking good. So,
don't look at them. Don't look Don't
look at your
stocks. Just let it
happen. All right. Soon as I've got my
comments working here. There we go.
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization like
you've never seen before. But if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody's even seen with
their tiny shiny human brains. All you
need for that is a cup or mug or a glass
of tanks or sty canteen jug or flask
vessel of any kind. Fill it with your
favorite liquid. I like coffee. And join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure of
the dopamine hit of the day. The thing
that makes everything better. It's
called the simultaneous sip. And it
happens
now.
Perfection. Or as Trump says, perfecto.
Perfecto.
Well, I wonder if there are any
scientific studies that didn't need to
happen because they could have just
asked me. Oh, yeah. Here's one.
According to the AP, uh there's a study
that shows that people who make good
decisions have an unfair
advantage. Uh thank you, Omar, for
bringing that to my attention. And he he
said an X that they should have asked
God. Um, yeah. Yeah, I think I could
have guessed that one right off the top.
Uh, who has an unfair advantage? People
who make bad decisions or people who
make good decisions? I don't know. Let
me think about
that. All right, I'm going to go with
people who make good
decisions. All right, I've got a
question for
you. What the hell happened to the Fort
Knox audit of the
gold? Do you think if Fort Knox actually
had the gold that we wouldn't have seen
it yet? Are you telling me that Trump
doesn't want to stand next to a giant
pile of gold and have his picture
taken? There's probably nothing that he
would like better than that except
standing next to a pile of
gold.
[Music]
So, I'm not sure we have any gold. Well,
according to Bindu Ready, we're three to
four years away from having a household
robot that can cook and clean and fix
things. What else could that robot do?
You know what I mean? You know what I
mean? Wink wink wink. If it can cook and
clean and fix things, well, well, just
maybe. Maybe it's a fullervice robot.
You don't know. Maybe. But doesn't three
to four years away feel like not exactly
what we've been told? Because I thought
uh when Elon Musk was talking about
optimist optimus
optimus he was saying that it can you
know dance and it can walk around and it
can
interact. But what he didn't say is you
could give it instructions on something
he had never done before and it could go
do it. you know, like wash the dishes or
something like that. I don't think they
can do it. So, I'm still waiting for the
robot
demonstration where they have it do
things that, you know, are just generic
things like, can you put these dishes in
the dishwasher? All right. Now, iron
this
shirt. I don't think we're even close.
So 3 to four years sort of sounds like
um nuclear fusion, you know, it's always
10 years away. I've got a feeling the
robots that can really do things for
you, maybe they'll always be three years
away. I don't know. I'm a little bit
skeptical. According to the Washington
Times, overdose deaths fell 27% last
year. Is that new news? because I feel
like we heard that before, but uh they
don't know exactly why, but my guess is
it has to do with more access to the
Narcan. That's the thing that you give
somebody who has a um who's having a
overdose. Probably the Narcan. I can't
think of anything else. It's not like
there's a supply is limited or anything
like
that. So, probably that. Well, OM
Director Russ
Vote says they intend to take the Doge
agenda and the cuts and the momentum and
the initiative and turn them into
permanent
savings.
Really? How many of you think that's
going to happen? Do you think the Doge
savings are just going to be turned into
permanent savings? Maybe. But doesn't it
just seem to you that they'll just treat
it like it's money they can spend? Well,
we saved 150 billion on Doge, so I guess
we have another 150 billion,
coincidentally, to spend on the military
and the
border. I don't believe anything
about here's what I do believe. I do
believe that Doge was directionally
correct and found real savings and that
they were all dedicated professionals
who were really trying to, you know, do
the real
thing. I don't believe that our
government can translate that into
permanent
savings. I think they'll just spend it.
Now that was my
original my original uh prediction that
we wouldn't be able to translate it into
the political part of the world. As soon
as we reached the political part,
somebody would say, you know, we could
probably get away with spending the same
thing we spent last year even if even
though it's moving us closer to doom
because, you know, people are just used
to it. They're used to the fact that
we're going to spend maybe the little
bit more this year than last year. So, I
think they were just going to take the
Doge savings and say, "Free money, buy
some more tanks." I think that's what's
going to happen.
Anyway,
surprisingly not. The US Treasury is
increasing the borrowing it needs to 514
billion, which uh somebody said is a
320% jump from previous forecasts. Oh,
surprise. The government is telling us
numbers about the budget that we can't
trust and they get
revised.
Okay. All right. So, put me down as
someone who doesn't believe anything
about the budget. All the news about the
budget, I just look at and
go, probably fake. It doesn't matter if
it's Trump or anyone else. Uh cuz he's
not it's not like he's in the weeds on
the budget. I think when you do Congress
plus budget, it's just all
Um, United Airlines has added a
basically a Dilbert cubicle
option for uh if for people want to pay
a lot more. So I think uh you know if
you're going to go to Europe or
something it' be5 to $6,000 for it. But
it's like a little cubicle, you know?
It's got a door. It's got a big screen
on it and you I guess you're supposed to
wear your headphones and uh it's got a
little guest seat in there. It's very
It's called the Polaris Studios and
they're 25% bigger than the current
fancy seats. But basically, it's a
cubicle. I wouldn't mind at all.
I I could probably fly a great distance
if I were in a cubicle that had all the
bells and whistles I
needed. Well, Adam Corolla made a video
talking about the problems the Malibu
people who lost their homes in that
palisades fire, how hard it's going to
be for them to rebuild. So, it turns out
that all those old homes that were
there, but they had septic systems
before there were a lot bunch of
environmental rules about septic
systems. So, if they want to build back,
they're going to have to remove the ones
they have, build retaining walls
underground. Uh, that's what Adam
Corolla says. And meet the new standards
for septic systems. Do you know what
that's going to cost per
home? Per
home. According to Adam Corolla, just
the septic system. So, this is not
building the
home. This is just the septic system. $3
to5
million. I'm laughing because it's just
so bad.
So those people who had homes in Malibu,
unless they're just outrageously
rich, it's not economically possible to
even build back. And how many how many
years would it take for them to get
approval for their septic systems?
So, the people who were saying it looks
like there's going to be some kind of
land grab or, you know, somebody's going
to try to get everything cheap and build
a hotel there or something.
Well, I I wasn't going to build, you
know, buy into the uh conspiracy theory,
but I don't know what else you could do
with this land because how many people
are going to spend $3 to5
million getting their septic system just
right before they even build the house?
I mean, how rich would you have to
be? Pretty rich.
Well, according to that new Jake Tapper
and Alex Thompson book that sound, uh,
Kla Harris had to be trained for a
social
event. So, they actually did a practice
dinner so that Kla Harris could learn
how to not embarrass herself eating
dinner with with important people. Does
that sound real to you?
I don't know how real any of this is,
but they called it a mock
suare and uh part of what they said was,
and this is per the New York Post that
read the book, I guess, and uh said that
Harris
advisers had had made it a quote dry
run, opting not to serve wine to see if
she could practice with a glass or two.
Now, I don't understand that sentence.
Yeah, I just copied this from from X.
But uh what does it mean to opt not to
serve wine, but then also to practice
with a glass or two at the same time?
Those are opposites. Are they empty
glasses? Could you be a little less
specific? Um, you know what this
suggests to me?
It kind of suggests to me that she can't
do these social events unless she's got
a glass or two of wine and then she
probably gets cackly and
stupid. So I think her advisors were
trying to figure out is it even possible
for you to do a dinner without having a
glass of wine and being a cackly idiot
that I'm just speculating. But why in
the world would you take the vice
president of the United States and tell
her that she has to practice just eating
with people because she's too
embarrassing. And apparently she agreed
to that. She must have known that she
couldn't sit down and have have dinner
with people
without I don't know. Just because it's
a new book doesn't mean it's all true or
that the context is all there. So,
probably something missing in that
story. Well, Gavin Newsome continues
to move uh right
without without inventing it. So, now he
wants to slash health benefits for
illegal immigrants in California because
it turns out that those health benefits
for illegal
immigrants turned out to be our entire
deficit, $10 billion or whatever. So
yeah, he's pretty much going to have to
do that. Now, on top of that, he was
he's ordered the removal of California
homeless
camps. So, he's trying to become the
common sense
governor. I don't know if he could pull
it off. Do you? I I feel like the the
Democrats couldn't possibly pick a white
guy, like a generic heterosexual white
guy as their next standard
bearer. How could How could they
possibly do
that? I don't think they can. So, I
don't think he can become president, but
he's definitely trying. And if he keeps
trying, well, maybe our maybe my state
will get a little bit better while he's
flailing
away. According to Business Insider,
uh, wealthy people and their consumer
spending is what's warding off a
recession. Does that sound right to you?
I feel like nothing in the news sounds
right. Like just sort of it doesn't
smell right, sit right. sound right? Do
you believe that wealthy people suddenly
started spending more at Walmart?
Because that's part of the story.
Literally, Walmart is saying that
wealthy people are spending more money
at
Walmart. Really? How many of you believe
that wealthy people have suddenly
decided to spend more money at
Walmart? I don't believe that.
I don't know what kind of economic data
this this is, but none of it looks real
to
me. All right. Uh you may have heard
about this one before, but there's a
school called Alpha Alpha School and uh
instead of doing normal lessons, they
give the kids 2 hours of AI training.
So, I think they they each have a laptop
and some headphones, but they're in a
common area. And uh the AI adapts to the
student and teaches them the lessons,
but after the two
hours, they're done with regular
classes. Now, they still do they still
learn things, but it's uh life related
things like how to tie your shoes and
how to go swimming and you basically how
to navigate the real world.
And uh allegedly these scores of the
people who go to this little school are
in the top 1 or 2% in the
country. I think that may have more to
do with the selection process of who's
in the school in the first place.
But if you can really train these young
kids in 2
hours and they can get not just, you
know, get the basics idea of school but
do better than other
people. Um, that makes a lot of sense to
me cuz I remember being young and in
school and I would just be exhausted and
it was hard to pay attention after a
while. But if you gave me headphones and
said you, you know, you only have two
hours, I could probably focus on that.
So, alpha school, good, good for
you. Well, I wanted to help out the
Democrats because they're struggling
trying to come up with some messaging
that's convincing. And you know, Bernie
Sanders and AOC came up with
oligarchs, but uh James Carville pointed
out and others did, people don't know
what an oligarch is. So, I asked Grock
to give me some words that mean about
the same as oligarch, but are even even
less likely to be
recognized. You know, words that are
even less common than oligarch. and it
came up with a mammonist and
plureaucrat. How many of you would know
what a mammonist
is? So mammon is you're referring to the
I don't know worship of money. So if
you're a mammonist, you're someone who
worships money. Doesn't necessarily mean
you're an oligarch in charge of things,
but you really like your money. And then
a
bureaucrat is pretty much an oligarch. I
don't know if there's any difference
there. So, I think they should go from
uh trying to stop the oligarchs to going
after the meist bureaucrats because it's
the only thing dumber than what they're
already
doing. Minist
Plutocrats. And then maybe they can tell
us if the meist plureaucrats are as
dangerous as the oligarchs with their
habius corpus.
Every time I see a Democrat on TV saying
we've got to maintain a habius corpus, I
think to myself, how many Democrats just
turned that off because they don't know
what you're talking about? I mean, how
how many of you would know what habius
corpus
was if he didn't follow the news
closely? I had to look it up.
Um, but yeah, Democrats, they're lost.
Do you remember the uh story that also
came from that same Jake Tapper book and
Alex Thompson book um that claimed that
Biden didn't recognize George Clooney
and that was like the big news
yesterday? Oh my god, Biden didn't even
recognize
Clooney. Well, it turns out that uh the
two-way podcast had a guest or Rufus
Gford who was actually there personally.
So he he wasn't at a distance, he was
right there when uh Biden and Clooney
shook hands. And his version is that
never happened. That there was never a
time that Biden didn't recognize Clooney
because
uh the advisers were introducing the
people to
Biden regardless of whether he'd met
them before. So apparently the adviser
before anybody said anything to each
other said uh and President Biden here's
uh George Clooney and uh somebody
else. So he was actually introduced as
George Clooney because they were just
sort of you know standard procedure just
introducing everybody which is the right
thing to do by the way. Um, yeah. And
George Clooney doesn't look like George
Clooney anymore cuz I think he was
getting ready to, you know, play a part
in the play. So, it could be that he
didn't recognize him. But that would be
more because he doesn't look like
him. Clooney just doesn't look like
Clooney. I don't know. So, we don't know
if any of that's true.
Um, and then according to the New York
Post, which was also reading the same
book, I guess, the Tapper book, uh,
Biden forgot the names of longtime aids
like Jake Sullivan, Kate Bettingfield
halfway through his term. So, I guess he
was getting more forgetful as the term
went by. He was calling I think he was
calling Jake Sullivan
Steve and the other one he he just
called press.
So he he was just coming up with his own
nicknames for people randomly. Mary,
come over here. You
[Laughter]
George, I think he wasn't even trying
after a while. Uh Sebastian, come over
here.
Anyway, so if you didn't hear it, uh
Trump gave a really interesting speech
while he was in Saudi Arabia. So he's
already going to cut and today I think
he's in the
UAE. But I think he made a lot of news
with this speech. So the essence of his
speech was that
uh the people who tried to let's say
nation build in other countries didn't
understand the culture of those other
countries and uh just basically ruin the
countries instead of helping them. But
where the uh countries did their own
work such as Saudi Arabia, you know,
nobody nobody tried to turn it into
something else. The Saudi Arabia did
great because they just used their own
that they did it their way basically.
But uh it's so good. I I want to just
read you essential part of this speech
because it didn't get a lot of play on
TV. So this was Trump talking to the
Saudis in the world. I guess he said
it's crucial for the wider world to know
this great transformation has not come
from western
interventionists or flying people in
beautiful planes giving you lectures on
how to live and how to govern your own
affairs.
In the end, the so-called nationbuilders
wrecked far more nations than they
built. And the interventionists were
intervening in complex societies that
they did not even understand themselves.
No, the gleaming marvels of Riad and Abu
Dhabi were not created by the so-called
nationbuilders, neocons, or liberal
nonprofits like those who spent
trillions and trillions of dollars
failing to develop Baghdad, so many
other cities.
Instead, the birth of modern Middle East
has been brought by the people of the
region
themselves. The people that are right
here, the people that have lived here
all their lives, developing their own
sovereign countries, pursuing their own
unique visions, and charting your own
destinies in your own
way. They told you how to do it, but
they had no idea how to do it
themselves. Peace, prosperity, and
progress ultimately came not from
radical rejection of your heritage, but
rather from embracing your national
traditions and embracing that same
heritage that you love so dearly. You
achieved a modern miracle the Arabian
way. So what he was doing is just giving
Saudi Arabia and the other countries he
visited um a huge
respect and saying that when the
Americans mostly were interfering in the
Middle East, they just ruined
 And that's pretty that's a pretty
radical thing to say after all the years
of Americans and Europeans going over
there and ruining He just says it
never worked and never made sense and
the people who went over there didn't
really understand the place and didn't
really have a chance of fixing anything
or making anything better. Um, but when
people were left
alone, at least in many cases, they came
up with a wonderful
society. So, I do like how he's handling
that.
I you know I do like how he's basically
a non-interventionist
um and he's giving them their their due.
So that's good job. Megan Kelly said
recently in related news
um she said quote I feel like when I was
on Fox News all we did was cheerlead
these wars and kind of dismiss or
expressed disdain for people who had
serious questions about them with the
benefit of all this hindsight that was
wrong. Now I appreciate the fact that
she just says right out you know
outright that was wrong. Um, so that's
the way to handle it, you know, rather
than try to say, "Well, you have to
understand, you know, the forces that
were blah blah blah." No, she just says,
"No, with hindsight, that was just
wrong." And, uh, it did seem like that,
didn't it? Seemed like news Fox News
might have been cheerleading a little
bit some prior
wars. So, I guess we're done with that.
at least under the Trump regime, we
won't be starting wars that don't need
to be
started. Uh but then after Trump reads
this great speech that I that I thought
was well put together, he's he gets to
cutter and he's sitting there with
presumably the Amir. I I don't know, but
I think it was the Amir head ofQatar and
he's just making
conversation. And I swear to God, nobody
makes conversation like Trump does. He
and he said, and I quote, "As a
construction guy, this is perfect
marble." He's looking at the floor.
Said, "This is what they call perfecto."
And we appreciate those camels. Haven't
seen camels like that in a long
time. Haven't seen camels like that in a
long
time. He's just making conversation.
But who in the world would even say that
sentence? Like there's nobody in the
rest of the entire planet who would have
said to the Amir of Gutter. Haven't seen
camels like that in a long
time. Why is that so funny? It's so
funny because nobody would say
that. Oh my god.
So the the critics of Trump by now have
probably said I haven't seen it but
they've probably said that uh Trump is
easy to flatter because uh both Saudi
Arabia and Qatar put on like you know
major red carpet and they had they had
horses and you know I guess some camels
and they had uh uh some painted cyber
trucks and they had jets escorting
Air Force One into their
aerospace. And so, so you might say to
yourself, "Oh, they're really playing
him because his ego is big. So if they
play to his ego, you know, they're going
to have a little little extra influence
with them." Well, I think that's true. I
I think if somebody's good to you, you
have a little extra influence there. So
there there's something to that, but
there's a there's something bigger to it
that's way more
important, which is the next country
that uh that Trump visits, they're going
to ask they're going to have to ask
themselves if they need more
camels. What are we going to do? Do we
need more jets, cyber trucks, red
carpets, camels? What about horses?
Do we need
horses? So by by Saudi Arabian cutter uh
creating a standard, you know, because
there were two of them and it got so
much press. I if you're I don't know if
you're the next country that's not in
the Middle East and it's your job to
meet the president, don't you feel like
you have to take it up a level?
the the net effect is is less on Trump
but you know yeah there's definitely
some persuasion effect on Trump as well
the the big effect is what it will do to
the other countries so people are going
to started thinking oh my god you know
we have to treat him like he's more like
a like a god coming into our country or
a king or something you know we can't
treat him like the way we normally do it
looks like he's the special visitor and
he's going to need the really the ultra
treatment. So, I think it could have
this big lasting ripple effect where
wherever he goes, he's he's treated with
a better a better greeting than
anybody's ever been
treated. And then they'll all convince
themselves that they're being
clever. Yeah, we're going to influence
him. We're definitely going to influence
him by this greeting. But it will just
make him look like a king, like a god
king to the rest of the
world, which is all to his benefit
because then he can just get more stuff
done because they're going to think,
well, nobody can solve this problem
except
Trump. And he's almost there now. I
mean, but you know, any any backup for
that would make it even better. I mean,
just think about it. Don't you think
that there are countries in the world
who are thinking exactly this thought?
Nobody but Trump could solve whatever
problem, you know, whatever problem
they're thinking about. I think so
because he's creating that that aura
that that image that will just follow
him around. Even if it's not
true, the way they treat them is going
to the way they treat him is going to
create this aura that will actually make
him able to get things done that nobody
could get
done. So the
flattery is definitely
working. Well, the problem with the
Qatar, as you know, is that they have
some history of supporting
um
terrorists and at the same time they
have a long history of being good to the
United States. So, we got a base there
that, you know, they've invested in the
US and I think they invested some more.
And so on one hand they're really good
to the United States, but on the other
hand they seem to be really good to the
terrorists that the United States really
would like to be
dead. So how do how does any of that
work? Like don't you think that would be
awkward if the Qataris had to explain
that? Well, I think it was Brett Bearer
who was asking uh one of the
representatives. It wasn't the Amir, but
somebody who was pretty good at
answering questions. And I was
impressed at the way he went about
it. Now, I got to I got to be careful
here because I know you're going to
misar me. So, 10% of you are going to
hear not what I say, but what you
imagine I'm saying. I'm not saying I'm
not saying that the Qataris are good
people who are not doing anything that
we don't
like. I'm not saying that. I'm saying
that the way he answered the question
was pretty damn good from a persuasion
perspective. So when asked about, you
know, how he could be like a an ally of
the United States at the same time he's
they're supporting Hamas,
uh the representative said that it's a
national
um I forget the exact word, but sort of
a a
national belief or
priority that they can mediate all
conflicts.
And I thought to myself, damn, you
actually pulled that off. You actually
came up with a reframe that makes sense
that you could talk to Hitler
and, you know, non-Hitler at the same
time because if it's true, and again,
remember, I'm not being fooled by what's
true or what's not true. So, we're not
talking about what's real. I'm just
talking about his communication and
persuasion capabilities. And when he
when he phrased it as we'll talk
basically, I'm paraphrasing, but that
they would be good to
everybody because that would put him in
a position where they could be a a
mediator to solve wars. I thought to
myself, God, that's so good. It's not
that far from what Trump believes, which
is just because somebody's done terrible
things and might do terrible things in
the in the future doesn't mean he can't
talk to
them.
And so watching
Qatar be that capable in defending
whatever it is they're doing cuz I don't
know. I mean, if you listen to the
news, you know, some somebody inQatar is
funding the
terrorists. I don't know. I don't know
if that's the government or just rich
people in Qatar or if it's really
happening or not happening. These these
stories are hard to know what's really
true. But boy, that was a good answer.
So again, I'm not supporting them. I'm
not supporting their support of the
terrorists. I'm just saying they
defended their situation better than I
would expect anybody could have. It was
impressive. Anyway, uh Trump's probably
in the UAE by now. I haven't seen any
updates if he's made any deals or
whatever. Um but apparently he secured
uh 1.2 trillion from Qatar according to
the Washington Times. uh nearly 2
trillion in deals for US companies
including more
than 1.2 trillion in economic investment
by
cutter and uh a lot of his in a lot of
his commitments that he's getting in the
Middle East they seem related to
um yeah Qatar is the correct
pronunciation. It's not
Qatar, but I guess in the US we call it
Qatar, but if you were in Qatar, you'd
call it Qatar because that's the actual
name. So, I'm trying to be
correct. Um, but some of these deals are
that they're going to going to buy
billions of dollars worth of Boeing
planes, to which I say, well, that's
convenient.
Uh, I would like to announce today that
I am also going to buy a 100 Boeing
airplanes. No, really,
seriously. Uh, if it takes 10 years to
build me my plane, I don't know if I'll,
you know, still be around to buy it.
But, oh, I'll totally commit to billions
of dollars of planes that they can't
make for 10 to 15 years. How long does
it take Boeing to make one plane?
it it's so long that I feel like these
Middle East companies are gaming the
system. Oh yeah, how about how about we
agree to buy uh 200 Boeing
planes? Uh that will be done at the year
2050 and by then anything could be
different. There'll be a different
president. The world is different. I
don't know. I don't trust these deals,
but it's probably better than having no
deals. According to Breitbar News,
uh the Trump effect is affecting NATO
and they're they're trying desperately
to get all their members to 5%
um defense spending, 5% of their
budgets. And I guess there's some
meeting coming up. We'll see if the
Trump effect works. But meanwhile,
speaking of NATO, uh, so you know how
Zilinski was going to go to Turkey and
meet with Putin and they were going to
talk face to face. Well, Putin decided
not to
go. So, Zilinski shows up with his
finger up his ass and and and uh Putin
sends some lower level people who could
never make any decisions, so there's no
point in talking to him. So that whole
trip turned out to be
yoink. Yeah, I'll be there any minute.
No, I'm
not. The joke's on you. I'm not even
going to show up. Now, at one point
Putin tried to get Trump to go and you
know, maybe I assume in that case Putin
would have showed up if Trump was going
to go. But the fact that Putin agreed to
meet Zalinski in Turkey and then
Zilinski goes all the way to Turkey and
it's just these lower level can't make a
decision Russians. Oh my
god, that that's worse than the war.
That is so
disrespectful to
Zilinski. But I'm sure Putin had his
reasons anyway.
So, that was quite a slap in the face.
We
We Wow. Um, so here's the big news of
the day that I think is fake
news. So, according to NBC News, um,
there's a top Iranian adviser. Now, so
it's not the top leader, it's a top
adviser.
and the top Iranian adviser Ali Shamani.
He said that Tran uh Thran is ready to
strike a nuclear deal uh directly with
Trump and the offer would be that if
Trump drops the sanctions, Iran will
ditch its highenriched uranium cap
enrichment at civilian levels, allow
inspections, and square off
nukes. Meaning everything we wanted
about the nuclear program they're
willing to give us.
But there's something left out, isn't
there? Cuz the thing that Trump had
recently added to the mix was that they
could no longer fund their proxies, you
know, like Kamas and
Hezbollah. So, I don't see this top
Iranian adviser saying anything about
that. Um, and I'm not sure that the top
Iranian adviser is speaking for the
regime. So, I'm going to say I think
this is
fake. Um, Trump has showed some
optimism. You know, you acted like
they're getting closer and probably
because of this guy, but do you trust
that? Do you believe that that Iranian
advisor is really going to give up um
Iran's nuclear program?
And do you think well it's not up to him
but do you think he's accurately
um representing where the regime is at
the moment and and that's how we find
out. We find out from the Iranian
adviser. I don't believe it. I don't
think the regime has made that decision
yet. And uh the fact that it leaves out
the stuff about the
proxies still not there.
Meanwhile, I guess uh Tulsi Gabbard had
gotten some uh insider whistleblower
information about two people on the
National Intelligence Council who were
uh dangerous and insidious. No, what
were they? Um I guess they were
radically opposed to Trump. So according
to whistleblowers, there were people in
her organization and the the spy part of
her organization that were radically
opposed to Trump. Now you don't really
want to take a chance of having your top
spies radically against your president.
So she fired him and then John Brennan
of all people um got really worked up
about it and he went on TV said the
whole thing makes him livid and um and
uh it's a dangerous and insidious
corruption inside the Trump
administration. Now, as others have
pointed out, if John Brennan is really
mad about these two people getting
fired, Tulsi Gabbard made the right
decision. He's a little bit too
interested in this. And uh I won't go
into it today, but remember I always
tell you uh if you know what happened,
you don't know anything.
But if you know who is
involved, you might know
everything. And uh Brendan is one of
those where if he's
involved, there's a whole bunch of
assumptions you can make about what that
means. And you're probably right. So
Brennan would be the most uh anti-Trump
person involved with any kind of CIA
uh background. And now when these two
other highranking people who are
radically opposed to Trump got fired,
well, he's really
mad. So probably that was a good
firing. That's what it feels like.
Well, Jonathan Turley tells us that uh
Supreme Court I think today is hearing
uh arguments about universal
injunctions by judges which I believe
means the question of can you know a
district federal judge stop something
all across the country which they have
been doing. If the Supreme Court decides
that these judges can't do that and they
can only operate within the domain that
is their assigned domain,
uh that would be a gigantic victory for
Trump. But I don't know if it's going to
go his way because I don't think it
seems at this point that the Supreme
Court is
politicized. Is that fair to say? Would
you agree that the Supreme Court at this
point just sort of
politicized? Um, so I think the polit
politicized part of it is going to give
us
some nonpredictable
uh results there. So we'll keep an eye
on that. I guess uh Trump when he's over
in the Middle East told Tim Cook who
must have also been there uh that
uh he doesn't like he doesn't like uh
Apple building their phones in India. He
wants that to come to the US. Now what
you might not know is that Tim Cook had
said that the phones that would be built
in India would be the ones that aren't
as hard to build. doesn't take as much
special experience and he couldn't move
all of his high-end phones to India of
China because China has special skills
so they can make the high-end phones but
he was able to move the low-end phones
they have some I don't know lower
technical requirement or something and
uh so Trump is saying why are you doing
that in India
uh it does seem to me that we could
train Americans to make these phones
If you can train the Indians, it it
might be true that it would take longer
or maybe impossible to uh you know match
China in phone making for a variety of
reasons. So that might be harder, but
yeah, why aren't we making these phones
in America? So Trump is asking the right
question.
Michael Shelonburgger writing for public
which is a subscription site
um is talking about how the uh climate
activists have gotten quiet
lately. Now imagine your uh your Greta
your Greta Tunberg and from your teenage
years you were complaining that the
entire world is going to be destroyed by
climate change unless we do radically
different things. Now, we haven't done
those radically different things, but
yet Greta seems to have moved
on. She's she's not as worried or
doesn't act as worried. Um, and so this
is what uh Shelonburgger says. Uh,
climate activists are desperate to
prevent the apocalypse, they said, but
they obviously weren't. Their entire
agenda is falling apart. And yet, Team
Greta has moved on.
Victimhood professionals don't actually
care about their causes. They just chase
them for narcissistic
supply. Do you think that what drives
climate change is narcissism, which is
getting attention
basically?
Maybe. I'm no expert on climate change
or narcissism, but if you said, "Is that
completely impossible?" I'd say,
"Well, doesn't seem completely
impossible to me." And then when you
look at the fact that people who at one
point thought it was the most important
thing they could be doing have decided
to sort of wander off into other
causes. It does make you wonder if they
were ever genuinely concerned or if it
was all about feeding their narcissistic
uh
supply. So, it's a good question.
Apparently there there are claims that
uh Minneapolis and Minnesota are
preparing for the possibility of a Derek
Schovin
pardon. Now a Derek Schovin pardon if it
happened and there's no indication that
it will by the way. Um, but apparently
there they think that there's enough of
a possibility of it happening because
there are important people talking about
it like Ben Shapiro. Uh, if he got a
federal
pardon, it wouldn't get him out of jail
because he's got state
charges, but it would cause him to be
changed from a federal facility to a
state facility. So, I guess that's
probably what most of the planning is.
And uh I'd forgotten I guess I hadn't
made the connection that that is Tim
Walsh's state. So Governor Tim Walsh
would be the one if if somebody ever
were going to pardon him at a state
level, it would be Tim Walsh. It makes
me
wonder if this would be a kind of a
topic that some Republican could use to
run in that very blue area to maybe
break through. You know, the free Derek
Schovin. I don't know. Probably not.
See, it seems like it's so blue that
nothing would ever change. So, there's
not much chance that Derek Schovin would
get out.
But maybe I'm going to bet against it. I
don't think Trump is going to pardon him
because first of all, it wouldn't let
him out of jail and it would just be
negative
publicity. But on the other
hand, Trump is a little bit
unpredictable and he likes to throw some
red meat to the press so they can spend
all their time spinning about something
that doesn't make a difference because
he's not going to get out of jail. and
uh then he can work on important things
while they're while they're spinning on
something that doesn't make any
difference. Well, the Wall Street
Journal
separately had reported that the United
Health Company, you've heard of them,
big uh healthcare insurance company,
were under Department of Injustice
investigation, DO
investigation, which would make you
think they're in trouble. But apparently
after a day or so of this being the
headline, United Health said, um, we're
not being notified by the Department of
Justice that anybody's investigating us.
Um, and I Yeah. And I think that they
would be notified, right? Wouldn't you
expect that United Health would be fully
aware?
Um, don't you think that that they would
be aware if the DOJ was investigating?
And they say uh this was reported
without official attribution and the
Wall Street Journal's reporting is
deeply
irresponsible. So it might not even be
true. Might be fake news. I don't know.
In other news, the US Army is trying to
is reooking at their tank
strategy because in the world of
missiles and drones, a tank doesn't last
too long. So, the Defense Post is
talking about this and I was thinking to
myself, if you joined the
military, would you ever want to
volunteer to be in the tank corps?
I mean, the tank is like being in your
own little metal
coffin. How long is a tank going to last
in any kind of modern
warfare? A tank is not going to last. It
It's going to be drowned so
fast. So, I don't know how many tanks we
need.
Um, in other news, Modern Modernity is
reporting that some rogue communication
devices have been found hidden in
Chinese solar
panels. Now, I don't know if it's it's
not just solar panels, it's in the solar
panel inverters, batteries, and
chargers, and heat pumps and everything
else. So, I don't know how many things
China is putting a communication device
in, but the worry is that they're doing
so they can turn it
off. Um, that it's not so much that the
communication device is telling China
something, but rather if China wants to
tell the device something as in turn
off, uh, that might be why they exist. I
don't know about that, but it's
possible.
All
right. Annheiser Bush says they're
putting $300 million into domestic US uh
manufacturing. So that's good. I I like
the fact that companies need to announce
it now. So it might be that they were
just going to do it anyway. It might
have been their ordinary expense. But I
love the fact that companies are fully
aware that the louder they are about
their American domestic expense, the
better it will be for them. That is a
Trumpism. Trump has caused companies to
need to compete to show how pat well not
patriotic in this case, but how much uh
emphasis they're going to put in
American companies. So, I like that even
Annheiser
Bush. According to MIT Technical Review,
um Montana just passed a law to create a
hub for experimental medical
treatments. So, you would be able to get
some meds in this little hub in Montana
that you would not be legally able to
take anywhere else. Now, these would be
meds that had at least gone through
safety training or safety tests. Now,
safety tests don't tell you that they
work, but if you got no other options
and there's some indication it works,
um, and they've already tested it and
it's relatively safe compared to other
things,
um, then this might be something people
like. So, that you'd have the right to
try. So, it might be a lot of people
moving to Montana just to see if they
can get some experimental drugs to stay
alive. Do you remember that uh $20,000
electric truck called the
Slate? And I I kind of raved about it
because I I just liked how it looked. It
it just it just called to me. And I
don't know how they did that. Um, part
of it is because you could, you know,
build the truck to be anything you want.
You could add a sound system or not. You
could add a backseat or not. So, I liked
all of that and Jeff Bezos was one of
the backers. So, I thought could be a
serious company. But, they opened it up
for uh for early orders and they've got
a 100,000
orders.
100,000. So, a 100,000 people are
willing to wait 2 years or more to get
this electric
truck. That's pretty
impressive.
100,000. So, I guess I wasn't the only
one who thought I had some, you know,
some uh I don't know, little extra
charisma to it. There was just something
about that little truck that made me
want it and I can't explain it. All
right, ladies and gentlemen.
That's all I got for today. Um, I'm
going to talk to the locals people
privately. Yeah, and it's only a $50
deposit, so they made they made it easy
to do that. If it had been a bigger
deposit, I suppose it'd be a whole
different situation. All right, if
you're on Rumble or YouTube or X, thanks
for joining. And I'll be back tomorrow,
same time, same place. But if you're on
locals, I'm going to go private with
you.