everybody come on in
let's talk so you've probably gotten a
lot of time in your hands I don't know
about you but I've picked my my skills
my challenges you know I've told
everybody that they should commander
this with an extra skill because you
have all this opportunity to learn
something you know online or some hobby
you wanted to get together and
somebody's yelling at because Tucker's
on you've got a DVR work it out
so I didn't forgot it what else was
talking about I'm sure it was
fascinating everybody's yelling at me
because Tucker's on you know you could
watch the Sun replay or you could watch
him on replay it's the thing you know
I'm having a harder time watching Tucker
because he's been right about everything
which normally would be a good reason to
watch something but he's right about how
terrible things are and I find it a
little overwhelming so I get it I'm
giving myself a a major diet from TV
news at the moment and pundits I still
love the five you know still like you
know some of the some of the shows I
think I'm gonna get me get a smaller
scare so I'll watch the ones I don't
think are gonna scare be basically as
long as I can get the the news in any
way that I want but I thought I'd give
you some good news now good news should
not be mistaken for hey everything's
gonna be good in a week I think we got a
couple of tough weeks out of us but
there are some really good things sort
of shaping up and bubbling up some of
them I know about and I thought I would
share them with you so though I was
gonna mention the two skills that I
decided to to enhance so I'm gonna still
work on my studio set up I've got yet
another path to go on that I think
I've finally figured out something that
would give me a stable stable way to
have callin guests and then you can't
stop me because that really is what you
need in order to have a you know have
something that a lot of people want to
watch is you have to have guests every
doing in and since I live stream I would
like the live stream and have a guest
and there's apparently no hardware and
software in the world that does that
reliably there are lots of them that do
it and you know lots of people are using
them but if you talk to them privately
it's like okay privately does this work
every time
oh no that's a big problem you know some
it's there's always some little thing
that changes you got to update the
software anyway enough about me so I'm
working on my biceps and my studio and
by the end of this crisis I expect
really big arms and a kick-ass studio
because I can I have the time there's
absolutely nothing would stop me from
having those two things and if you
haven't picked that with something that
you're going to be better at well maybe
it's time alright so here's some good
news in the past two days just just
think about human ingenuity so that's
the context how good are people and how
good are they in an emergency and how
good are they when everybody's on the
same team looking at the same problem at
the same time my hypothesis has been the
you ain't seen nothing that you know
there's there's gonna be a long delay
while we're making weapons but man are
you gonna see some stuff that'll be
mind-boggling and and it's starting now
the mind-boggling part is starting now
here in 48 hours this is what human
beings did just with ingenuity we
tripled the capacity of doctors today
just today do you know how we did that
Mike Pence announced that the I think
it's Health and Human Services is going
to announce a regulation on
what the word is that was let's say it's
a regulation but it or advisory it
doesn't matter what it is but they're
going to allow doctors to practice
across state lines now if you want to
feel confident about your government
consider that you know that's an idea
that I put up through the pipeline
you know ordinary guy sitting in in
Pleasanton and next thing you know it's
the law of the land and effectively it
triples the capacity because there would
for every city that's impacted there are
plenty of doctors who are not yet
impacted we're happy to help
retired doctors etc so in 48 hours we
tripled the number of physicians who are
available at least remotely you know we
still need hands on people in last 40
hours 48 hours humans figured out how to
quadruple the number of available
ventilators without buying ventilators
you know I told you about this they
there's a there's a quick little hack
you can do just using stuff that's
already in the in a regular hospital so
they don't have to you know go to go to
Orchard Supply or Home Depot and buy
anything it's just some medical stuff
that they just repurpose turn to a
ventilator into a four person Bennett
ventilator now I think they may end up
staying with two but that would be a
doubling so in 48 hours and this is not
counting adding doctors and not counting
buying new ventilators or making them we
could you pulled the ventilator capacity
potentially and tripled
probably at least tripled this is just
my own numbers off the top of my head
but something like that tripled our
medical advise capacity Wow
48 hours our food supply coming back
online we have the most robust maturer
you know experienced food supply line
probably in the world I would think I
maybe somebody maybe somebody has a
better one but I would guess we have the
best one
and sure enough snapping back it's
snapping back I would say if you could
put a number on this I would bet that
the average person has reduced their
number of contacts you know this is just
for sizing this is not any kind of real
data but from something like 25 people a
day to maybe five and most of the five
or the people in your family or the
people you were gonna see anyway well
I'm thinking about that putting numbers
on this
you know we've reduced it from probably
25 to 5 you know that's just numbers
that make it up but it feels like that
number of test kits who we we've scaled
up so that already
anybody who dr. says should get a test
can get a test pretty good now we're way
short of being able to massively test
everybody who doesn't have symptoms so
you really know what you're doing but
there's all kinds of stuff happening you
know companies are going into wartime
footing the the smartest best most
capable people are just spinning up
factories you know I noticed I know more
than you do I'll be telling you more as
the days go on but I there's some things
that I've heard that are still still a
little early in the incubation stage but
there are some heroic stuff happening
out there
you know people are stepping up like
crazy so here's my guess is that the
number of test kits will you know it got
off to a slow start but when we start
cranking these out you know America is
still pretty capable and we're gonna
crank out a lot of tests and apparently
there's some kind of breakthrough that I
don't know how hard it would be to
develop it but just I'll mention it for
a something you would test at home and
get a result at home I guess or maybe
you mail it mmm probably mail it I would
guess but still you could do the test at
home without having to go somewhere now
I don't know if that'll
or it could be scaled up as quickly as
it used to be but you know don't count
anything out at this point
you can't count anything out that we
might be able to scale this up like
you've never seen same with all the
other supplies from from masks the
gloves to everything else I I can
guarantee you that there's a lot of
manufacturing muscle going into that
right now a lot the number of potential
meds that can be used to treat this that
now different countries are reporting
are effective the report it's effective
and I think there I was trying to keep
track of how many there are and I think
there are something like ten of them now
there's something like ten different
meds that various countries have tried
and have written up reports this I you
know without the benefit of a clinical
trial they're saying basically everybody
we gave this to got better and the
people that didn't get it you know not
even close so I've seen at least three
of the ten that the evidence you know
just again anecdotally looks really
promising and I don't know what it would
take to make more of these bills but it
can't be you know it's not like the
Manhattan Project it's it's a pill
machine operated a faster and more built
another one we can make pills then what
about the record we set for getting a
vaccine into a trial sixty-five days is
that did I get that right I may have
that wrong but fact-checking this but
didn't we break records you you couldn't
even imagine it could be broken 65 days
to get a vaccine into trial and there's
a whole bunch of others that are right
behind it that's amazing now here's a an
interesting thing that's happening
and well and I'm going to tweet around
as soon as I as soon as this is written
up I'll give you more information about
it but there does seem to be some
suggestion that blood serum from
recovered people gives you some immunity
and you know the other countries have
experimented with that and they they
thought it worked so here's the question
you know could you could you scale that
up and I'm going to have at least a well
thought out answer to that pretty soon
so people are stepping up and then
you'll know where we came from when it
happens the New York Times did a
despicable hit piece on dr. drew I don't
know if you saw that I don't recommend
you go look for it but they're loving
him in human with you know the so called
flu deniers now here's the problem as
far as I know and you'd have to fact
check me on this but I believe that dr.
drew has always been a hundred percent
compatible with doctor foul Qi who are
you listening to I mean if if dr. drew
listens to the top expert in the country
who's running the thing and his opinion
you know he's changed his opinion but
also so as fetch e in terms of what we
should do and web right am I wrong
I'm pretty sure that ouchies opinion of
what we should do and when has evolved
as as the situation was evolved
my impression is the drew matched him in
lockstep as evidence came out as more
facts gaming I think it was perfectly
compatible am I wrong about that I feel
like I've been watching them both and
I've seen I've seen no I've seen no
distance between their opinion and in
fact dr. juice stops and says almost
every five minutes when he's talking
about it you know that his North Star as
doctor foul cheese and he's known him
from long before he's the best and and
he just conforms to his expert opinion
this it happens so I really have a bad
feeling about
the New York Times deciding to make
political hay under this especially a
medical professional who's completely
compatible with the top expert in the
field and that's kind of despicable I
think I think they have some explaining
to do when this is over now again we'll
do our autopsy when it's all over yeah a
lot of people will have some explaining
but let's focus forward you know that
happened can't take it back and go back
in the past
it happened so let's let's focus forward
oh you guys feel it I have to say I'll
give you a little road map of how my
sort of attitude and worry has migrated
I think I was most worried when I wasn't
sure that the president was on his game
I think we all had that feeling right
you know it felt like he got you know
did a great job of stopping the airport
travel can't take that away from them
that just will always be one of the
greatest presidential decisions of all
time and probably in my opinion that
will that will rank as one of the great
presidential decisions no matter what
else you like or don't like about what
he does here so you can't take that away
from but his communication was a little
spotty and I want to correct myself and
apologize to the president for a
criticism that I didn't realize I didn't
understand the full context and now I do
and the criticism was that when the
president tweeted in the middle of the
emergency that it was a you know blah
blah it's a Chinese flu or Chinese virus
I winced along with much of the country
because I thought okay I said you know
he's doing his thing where he's being
provocative and it draws attention it's
productive for him he uses it you know
maybe it makes the base happy etc but
despite all that you just seemed
to me it's like now now now you're gonna
do that yeah I love it when you do it in
normal times I mean nobody likes it more
than I do you see you see me laughs
until I cry at his tweets I mean you've
seen it yourself but now now really this
is the time to do that but here's where
I was dead wrong because I think some of
you had the same feeling maybe dead
wrong completely wrong here's what the
President did he saw the reports and by
the way this is from the president I'm
not reading his mind I'm telling you
what he said directly today that you
know yours asked his press conference
why did you call it the Chinese flu
because we're so dumb we can't do real
investigative journalism but maybe if we
can trap you into saying something
provocative we'll take it out of context
one so why'd you call it Chinese fruit I
believe that was exactly what they asked
them I think I nailed it exact wording
and the president you so I forget what
the reporter was it's forgettable
doesn't matter it says why'd you come
why are you calling it the Chinese flu
and the president dead serious
just looks at her and he goes because it
came from China now if he'd stop there
you know I might he said well you know I
still this is still in the weeds I don't
want to care and then he said and then
he said that a Chinese diplomat and I
saw this tweet myself is claiming that
the virus was spread by an American
service person maybe intentionally in
Wuhan and the president said that when
that rumors out there that America
started the virus from that point on
it's a Chinese flu I don't know if he
was calling a Chinese flu or Chinese
virus I forget but with all due respect
to the people of China let's not make
this personal but if you're going to try
to brand us with this with this don't
try the brand do you have children at
home everybody has children at home
we'll turn off the sound or or ask them
to leave the room
there will be cursing are you ready for
that
there will be cursing it's coming I gave
you a warning
so you only have yourself to blame in
the context of the Chinese government
obviously the Chinese government had to
approve of this diplomat and he was a
minor diplomat but still you know he was
a ambassador for some country it doesn't
matter and so he says he blames the
United States for it
now if you're gonna try to brand that on
the United States a good time to do it
would be if the president the United
States was maybe Obama President Obama
you know it'd be a good time to try
branding us with this would be I don't
know Bill Clinton President George Bush
George Bush either George Bush you know
that might have been a good play China
might have been a good play to try to
brand us for that but you know what it
doesn't work when the president of the
United States is the best
Brander in the whole universe
sorry China you're not going to brand
our president you're not going to
do it
he branded them like they were cattle
and if he didn't catch it let me explain
it when the president said it's a
Chinese virus
he knew well that it would cause
a shitstorm and what do you remember
about it don't think what he said don't
think what the question was what are you
gonna remember about it it's a
Chinese virus is what you can remember
my president did that I'm proud of him
good job and what are we talking about
Chinese virus Chinese virus Chinese
virus do all of you now know that China
made the dumbest move they've ever made
they tried to help brand Donald
Trump like and it didn't work
he just branded their ass right back to
Wuhan I loved it and so let me say I
apologize for criticizing my president
for doing that I didn't know the context
and why he did it but good move nice
play and China don't with us like
that you know try something else try
hacking us you know try try a
negotiating a better trade deal you
might have a chance
don't try out branding President
Donald Trump that's just not going to
work
dumbest thing you ever dead she
all right swear it was done the the
cursing is over now let me tie this
story back to my original point when
when the virus first started I felt like
our president got off to a shaky start
but as I've said often the one thing you
can't take away from them I even even
his critics can't take this away from
him he's a really fast learner I mean
you've seen him jump from industry to
industry and then dominate it and you
know becoming president on the first try
well wasn't first try but he became
president without practice of being a
president or a politician so so here's
why I feel so much better I feel so much
better because we're on war footing the
president has fully embraced the war
president model and boy is he good as so
he wasn't really good at the what was us
baddest bad stuff is coming our way but
man he give him you give him an enemy
let's say China he's really good at that
so you don't want to be his enemy and so
you know he's just one part of the
a very large machine that's working on
this and I would say that and I've said
this before but the more I say this the
more this is going to be a filter you're
going to want to look at long before the
coronavirus I had told you that we were
approaching the Golden Age doesn't feel
like it today but we're approaching the
Golden Age because we no longer had
material shortages and there all of our
problems that were remaining were
information problems in disguise in
other words if you had enough
information you can solve it
the virus is the perfect example it is
purely an information problem that is
disguised as a medical problem because
that's the outcome of not having the
right information but watch our
information acquisition process seven
billion human beings all on the same
path in terms of the same objective at
least those that are paying attention
each of them have you know hands and
eyes and ears and brains and they're all
like little sensors and all of those
sensors in the form of human beings all
over the world are sensing their world
and they're absorbing information at an
incredible rate and filtering it and
finding you know what's good so the
information that it would take to to
defeat the virus is moving very quickly
but the nature of it is you don't see
the impact until it reaches some
critical mass so imagine if you will
that our information went from nothing
you know fog of war if we had
information it was more likely wrong and
right to something to something much
bigger and we're sort of here right now
we need to get here you know something
like multiple of that but the rate at
which were going that's not going to
take long so the in the testing kits for
example or information gathering the the
knowledge of what worked and what didn't
is information the knowledge of had a
you know change of ventilators so it
helps for people the information have
had operated if we need more people is
information the
you know even even starting up these
little wartime factories to rapidly
build medical equipment I'll bet that's
almost entirely an information problem
in terms of how long it takes because in
an emergency you get rid of you know the
obstacles so you got the money
everybody's on the same page you're
gonna you know skip some steps of
approval and stuff like that but imagine
you don't have that friction you're
trying to build an emergency factory and
there's no friction of complaints or
policies or programs it's all been wiped
away what's left what is the obstacle
that's left it's pure information
because if everybody who is involved in
the project suddenly could magically
know exactly what to do and here's the
important part when in other words they
they would only drive to the to the site
just as the the site was ready for that
exact piece it that'd be an information
solution so information ultimately is
how we beat all these things it gets
translated into technique and strategy
and and weapons against it and our
information is increasing insanely
there's a story out of Israel that
Israel and I know what you're going to
think about this before I say it but
Israel is apparently tracking every
residents phone location and and there's
a record of where it's been and they're
they're crunching those numbers so they
can find out if somebody is identified
to have it they can actually reverse the
history and find out all the people who
had cell phones that were standing with
an infection distance and they send them
a text message and say are you coughing
because you stood next to somebody who's
infected maybe you should stay away from
people for a little while now
that's what can be done now do you think
that other countries couldn't do that no
of course they could I mean the the more
advanced countries would be better at it
but yeah
every part of that is is well within the
quite doable range now if you're
wondering how is that possible the phone
companies already have a record all the
time of where you're where you are with
your phone
they just don't share it but it's an
emergency so apparently in Israel they
shared it
I don't know other another situation
with their phones over there so how do
you feel now right because under normal
circumstances the public would say no
effin way you are not gonna track me
everywhere I go but at an emergency if
it's the difference between you know
crash in the economy and not would you
allow the government to track you let's
say for three months now of course
you're all cynics and you say Scott
Scott Scott if we let them do it
temporarily they will build the
capability and then they'll just do it
permanently to which I say what reality
are you living in they already have the
capability do I know that no of course
not
it would be a state secret if if
anything like that were happening but do
you think there's any chance that the
countries who can do it are now looking
into it
right because now the Israel's announced
it the cats out of the bag
people could react to that we can see
how people react to that etc so I
tweeted when I saw the story about the
Israel situation I said in public in the
tweet that I give permission to the
United States government to track my
phone for the duration of the crisis now
of course they don't need my permission
right that's what that's what an
emergency is you know there's no point
having an emergency if they have to get
my permission to do something they just
need to do what they need to do but it's
got to make it easier you know it's got
to make you know you've got to make at
least it more possible if citizens say
you know under every other condition no
way
under this condition go for it but you
know check in when check it again in
three months because you know you need a
hard stop on this in three months you
know maybe you need a
maybe you need a federal judge or
something appointed just to make sure it
gets shut down at some point you know
you could take care of it these are
these are the kinds of things that could
be fixed um so I would say that our our
leadership team is a plus you know I had
a few things I was sort of waiting for
to make a judgment on how competent the
government was being one of them was to
see how long it would take for for an
announcement that doctors could practice
across state lines for the duration of
the emergency at least and turns out it
didn't take that long I don't know how
long was it a week but that's that's
pretty darn quick you know in
governmental terms so you're welcome
you know I don't have any way to note
that that wouldn't have happened on its
own I just know that I worked really
hard on it and and I do know that you
know the the idea got to the right
people at the right time so that's all I
know
but one has to one has to think that you
know for every time you have a brilliant
idea of doing something probably
somebody else had that idea because it
wasn't it wasn't so non-obvious
certainly the telehealth people probably
had to have that at top of mind but if
the citizens helped broad it along a
little bit you know maybe we helped in
some small way so I was looking to that
to see if it got done because if that
simple thing couldn't get done what kind
of confidence would you have a new
government I mean really so that was
like a real marker of confidence to me
that that that a no-brainer thing indeed
was treated like a no-brainer nobody
pushed back that was it
no push back I think it just sailed
right through the other thing I looked
for is whether politics is taking a side
you know a side seat and when you see
the you know the Republicans try harder
to give money to you know
the low-income people to get through the
crisis that even the Democrats I don't
know that that's true to just you I'm
just saying that for hyperbole both the
Democrats and the Republicans are trying
hard sincerely to do something that
looks pretty socialist at least in the
short run you know we'll we'll call it a
different thing it'll be emergency but
it's got a socialist in the short run so
we're seeing people get at least in some
sense you know free health care for this
particular situation the ubi is almost
certain to happen and I don't think
anybody's paying their school debts at
the moment so nobody on the Republican
side well maybe somebody probably
somebody is but I haven't seen it they
don't seem to be pushing back against
doing something that Andrew yang thought
was a good idea a year ago I mean you
would expect that right if we were just
being political if you were just being
politically you'd expect that the
Republicans would say no keep your
socialism we'll work it out but they're
not so watching the Republicans become
completely flexible about what's on the
table and what's not it's encouraging
it's very encouraging somebody says
somebody says Nancy Pelosi is being
political well she's also you know other
than approving some money I'm not sure
she has much of a role
it looks like an executive branch thing
once the once the Congress gives them
money and they have let's see just
looking at your comments
this isn't socialism this is stimulus
and healing yeah yeah you're also
well-trained that you don't want to use
that word socialism but yeah anytime
you're redistributing money from from
the rich to the poor even if it's going
through the government you can call it
whatever you want
the point is that the Republicans are
not blocking any idea that looks like it
could be productive so that's why you
want to see if you want
have confidence that's exactly what you
want to see so we got that so if you ask
me every part of this looks like we're
getting smarter and better and if we're
focusing on the past it's a mistake I
think we can look at that stuff later
and learn something what about the
election with the virus stuff going off
well I think we're gonna work it out my
guess is that November is a long ways
away in emergency time I've said this
before but in you know a normal time you
wouldn't be able to you know retrofit
your your entire election process and do
it quickly and get it done but I have to
think that you know I have to think that
in the context of an emergency we
probably have ten different ways we
could you know retrofit the system and
you know make it work so people don't
get infected so my guess is the
primaries are probably going to get
cancelled maybe the convention will get
cancelled
but maybe both conventions looking
cancelled if if one of them does they'll
both get but I don't know that we needed
any of it
because nobody's doubting the Biden is
going to be the nominee right nobody's
really doubting it do you need a bunch
of people to be in a room to figure that
out there's got to be some way to work
that now so I think it'll just be an
inconvenience in terms of the political
process and people will work it out
that's my guess somebody says should I
buy a gun well it's probably too late
probably too late that's a personal
choice all right
somebody says flu season has to end
sometime does it well regular flus do
we'll see all right I think you said
everything I want to say I think doctor
must be having a good day over there
because all my audience went over to
watch him but I will talk to you in the
morning
so stay alive stay alive