good morning everybody and welcome to
another highlight of humans
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and archa glad you're here
because we're going to take this take
this experience up to levels that could
only be considered Galactic if you'd
like to join us all you need is a cup or
mug or a glass of tankered chel or Stein
a Canen juger flask of vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure it's the dopamine hit of the
day with a little bit of oxytocin today
yeah a little bit and it'll set you
right and it happens now
go that's so good so
good well the news is all interesting
today uh news out in Palm Springs
California is that an Amnesia patient
who woke up 14 months ago and could only
speak Swedish which was not his natural
language was found dead in his home so
for 14
months for reasons that are a mystery he
could only speak Swedish how do we
explain this how do we explain this what
what would be a possible
explanation of why the news would report
that a iy suddenly only spoke
Swedish well I don't want to you know
blow your your dreams of of what the
reality is but I have a
hypothesis it never
happened it never
happened yeah did did they find him dead
holding the secret Sonic weapon that
attacks the
embassies
did they find him dead on one of the
UFOs in that big Warehouse full of
captured
UFOs no it's like the breatharians when
in the 70s when I was a kid the
breatharians went on The Tonight Show
and claimed that they found a way to
live without eating that they would find
nutrition just from breathing the
air and when I was can't ever I remember
a lot of people believe it's like how do
they do it could we learn to do that
what if other people could learn to eat
just by breathing the air yeah yeah he
woke up and he spoke
Sweedish that totally happened yeah no
the most obvious explanation is it
didn't happen do you know what the most
obvious explanation
is whenever something amazing and hard
to believe
happens that it didn't happen
it's almost always the case that if it's
that remarkable yeah it didn't happen or
there's some context
missing well uh my mind was blown by a
video by uh Elan musk yesterday so you
know that AI can be trained by looking
at words everybody knows that but
apparently if you want to train AI to be
a self-driving car uh words are not
enough so uh I guess the new version of
Tesla's self-driving car AI software has
been trained with only
video now if you want to have your mind
blown it's coming they gave it only
massive video from cars driving so that
it would understand how a car should
drive without ever being trained on what
a roundabout is you know a traffic
roundabout it handled it
perfectly without even knowing what the
concept of a roundabout is because it
had seen so many videos that just sort
of did what other videos did and
apparently the massive video training
technique is probably going to be the
thing and it will probably be the thing
that makes self-driving cars
practical so that's fun but watching a
car figure out things I had not learned
it had only somehow got it by pattern
recognition because the car doesn't know
what anything is so it doesn't know what
a traffic light is it has nothing like a
definition or an understanding of it
nothing it's just pure pattern
recognition and it can drive you know as
as well or better than a lot of humans
already all right um here's an idea from
RFK Jr that I'm going to put squarely in
the category of I'm so glad he's running
for president I'm just so glad
because he keeps bringing up topics and
ideas that seem you know genuinely you
know
nonpartisan he communicates them well
and here's another one like I I'm trying
to find some political reason not to
like this but I can't find one he wants
he wants free passports for anybody who
wants one if you have a free passport
then all of your U voter ID problems go
away because everybody can get to a Post
Office right pretty much everybody's a
short drive or a walk away from a post
office so if you could go to a post
office and get a free birth certificate
I guess it's a card or
something um then your your voting ID
problem is
solved but as RFK Jr points out it also
solves banking because if you don't have
ID you can't have a bank account so you
would end up you know getting getting
rid of some of that pay day same day you
know expensive check cashing stuff for
people who don't have Banks so that's
that's an idea this seems like a
relatively small change in the existing
system that would give Democrats what
they want you know people be able to
bank everybody wants that that's not a
Democrat thing and uh and also do voter
ID and then who would complain who's
going to complain now what's wrong with
that idea you know everything costs
money so it's you know not free but
what's wrong with that
idea is that's just a solid idea right
don't you want more people like
this you know running for president I
mean I'm just so happy with the the the
candidates and the way they're running
all right uh so Russia reports that they
tested the DNA of that plane that went
down that Wagner plane and sure enough
Russia says um that prosan was on the
plane
yeah yeah now here's how you know this
is
true uh because it comes from
Russia and they use
science so I guess there's nothing else
to talk about here is there because if
there are two things you can believe in
2023 is
science and
Russia I mean have they ever lied to
you come on no Russia science have they
ever lied to you no of of course he was
on that plane maybe his body was or
maybe he's still in a basement under
Putin's Dasha chain to a wall so Putin
can torture him for the rest of his life
how would you
know do do do you think it's case closed
because we earn it from Russia after
they use some
science and oh but wait if you're
concerned about the credibility of
Russia
plus science this will make you feel
better it was reported in the
news so then you have three credible
sources you got your news they've never
lied to you you got your Russians honest
as the day is long the government that
is and then you got your science which
as you know is the gold standard for
truth so you got your news your Russians
your
science I'm going to call that a fact
are we all in agreement with that solid
evidence I believe we can conclude no
fake news here fact all right good we're
all on the same page
there um the EU I saw this on Michael
shellenberger uh tweet the the EU
governments are forming a Truth
Ministries
basically uh
entities which will determine what their
citizens can see and what they can't see
based on what some people who are chosen
to do this say is
true now I don't know what is the worst
idea in the
world but it might be
that and and uh I saw one of the
representatives in a video clip being
asked who gets to decide what's true and
how do you decide it and nobody can
answer that question right it's the
unanswerable question because obviously
this has nothing to do with truth this
is clearly a power grab Whoever has that
truth
Ministry uh will be able to control
truth or will they or will
they well you want to hear the happiest
idea of the whole day do you do you want
to hear something that will make you
laugh with happiness probably for a full
week do do you want AI to go away
because it's too
dangerous I can make that happen for
you all you have to do is train one
model of AI how to spot fake
news because it's a pattern it's all
patterns oh yeah you're feeling don't
you just think about it AI no doubt
about it if you can teach AI to drive by
looking at videos of driving you don't
think you can get AI to spot fakes let
me ask you this there's a news story and
the people pushing at the hardest are
Adam Schiff Eric
swell and Phil bump from The Washington
Post is the story
true let's say let's say those three say
it's true but alen Duru says it's
not and Jonathan Turley says it's not
and Glenn Greenwald says it's
not and Michael uh shellenberger says
it's not just to pick some names is it
true do do do you think that AI couldn't
spot that in like you know less time
than you imagined his time that didn't
make any sense but you know where I was
going with it right now remember I gave
you the list of ways to tell fake news
you got your at the top of the list of
probable fake news would be a uh a an
anonymous
account an anonymous report one
Anonymous report do do you think you
couldn't teach AI to look for an
anonymous
report okay do you think you could teach
AI to spot a rupar do you know what a
rupar is so rupar is named after
journalist named rupar is when you take
out some context from a story to reverse
his meaning if you asked AI was the find
people hoax a hoax how hard would it be
to for AI to figure out what it was
because if it would know to look for
context that's missing it would just go
look for the context that's missing it
knows how to understand words you know
where it seems to and it would know in a
heartbeat how the hoax was created and
it would also say the debunking you know
debunking videos Etc so yeah get spotted
in a heart
um let me give you one that happened
today and let me see if you you think
that um AI could have spotted this so
ask yourself could you have trained AI
in advance to spot this one uh it's a
rupar and let's see this comes from a a
an ax post which you used to call
Twitter from somebody named uh oh it's
from rupar it's from rupar Aaron rupar
and uh he he has a video clip of Dana
Bash talking to vake ramaswami and he
says that uh uh Dana Bash reads V
ramaswami A 2018 report from the Trump
Administration that sounded an alarm
about climate change to push back on his
position that wait for it his position
that climate change is a
hoax do you believe that it's true the V
says climate change is a hoax no it's
not true that's a rupar it's a rupar
from
rupar he he's leaving out
agenda so what V says is that the agenda
in other words the way you deal with it
is the hoax part not not the base
science so do you think that AI could
have been trained to look at this story
and compare it to the context that it
could find from other sources of a and
would it be able to spot this as an
obvious root bar of course it could it
wouldn't even be hard I spotted it I'm
no
AI it took me no seconds to spot it how
many of you did anybody spot it before I
tweeted it you know I tweeted it so you
can see it but did anybody else spot it
right away sure you did because it's a
pattern it's a very very familiar
pattern and if AI simply learned that
there's one person who's famous for
doing it and they saw his account you
don't think AI would say well there's
the first red flag is coming from the
place where most of these come
from of course of course they can spot
the the the pattern now let me ask you
this once you trained an AI to spot fake
news and once once it was successful
doing so do you think it could stay
legal nope there is no chance that that
would stay illegal it would have to be
made illegal or this is worse you would
have to make it conform to Democrat
factchecking sources so in other words
you wouldn't be able to have an AI that
did not conform to what the ministries
of Truth told you was true they would
literally make it illegal for AI to use
hold it pattern
recognition pattern recognition will be
illegal it has to be you can this is one
thing I can
guarantee AI with pure pattern
recognition without being fact checked
by some democrat Source it will
absolutely be illegal because they
wouldn't be able to maintain any power
if that
happened just think about that it has to
be illegal otherwise they're out of
business and there's no way they're just
going to say well okay you got me you
got us you got me darn it you know we
had a good run but you got me we'll just
stop doing it now no they will try to
stop AI now here's the best question do
you think they could
succeed because as you know AI can now
run on your own
computer
yeah as long as it's at least on the
dark web you know a copy of it that
could run there will always be a copy of
AI that can still tell you the truth but
do you think you you'll go to jail
forever if you have a copy
probably probably yeah
all
right um speaking of AI I saw a uh tweet
by Brian relli who's you know I talk
about him a lot he's one of the most
interesting voices smartest guy on the
topic of AI and lots of other stuff but
AI is where he's really getting a lot of
uh Justified attention lately and he
read my book reframe your brain and he
said this in a tweet I have found found
a very powerful technology to reframe
human context you talk about my book
reframe your brain I'm finding this
technology quite useful in training
AI so he's actually using the the
reframe form which is just you know this
is a sentence that's not too productive
for your head and here's a sentence
that's better for your head you know get
gets you to a more productive or happier
place just think about that here my next
AI
prediction it will necessarily happen
because this is how humans operate the
AI will start to have uh let's say
branded
personalities and they might be branded
personalities are based on real people
for example if there was somebody some
public figure that you said to yourself
you know what there's somebody who can
just see both sides and
has a good General character haven't
seen them lie they usually are trying to
help and then you say you know the best
we can do for AI since AI will have so
many different situations to navigate is
to give it a character personality so
that it never leaves what that character
would do sort of a a simple way to give
it a set of guidelin so it doesn't
become dangerous so you say who would
you pick for
example
uh who who's the most credible honest
person who's not me
um yeah I mean I'd love inter to bew me
of course but but don't pick me because
that's too
controversial Thomas Massie Thomas
Massie I'd pick him shellin Berger I'd
pick him uh Turley I'd pick Joe Rogan
I'd pick him
yeah
uh yeah d
I would pick
him Greenwald Peterson now if you if you
go to Greenwald and
Peterson you know you can you can kind
of get to the point where some people
would
disagree you know Peterson's a little
more opinion based whereas uh well he's
fact-based but he's got an opinion on
top of it um whereas I would say
somebody like a turly or a dtz are far
more fact-based than opinion
based yeah so anyway but you could
imagine you could imagine picking one of
those personalities and saying I would
be comfortable if my AI did whatever
this person does you know if it just
reads this person's whole history and
says okay they don't lie so I won't lie
they don't do this or that so I won't do
it they don't break the law so if
there's something that would break the
law I won't do it so I think just like
the massive video that trains the car to
drive without actually teaching it to
drive I think you could just make it
massively understand one person who has
the character that you want and that's
how AI will be built because otherwise
you're going to have to give it a bunch
of rules social rules and they're going
to be incomplete I guess I guess that's
the point any rules you give AI about
how to operate will necessarily be
incomplete because you can't imagine
every
situation so instead you give it a human
personality because you could trust a
human if you've watched them for 40
years right you wouldn't give it a a
young human personality you'd give it a
a wiser you know successful older one
all
right um I've offered to deprogram a
democrat in in a public setting let's
say a live stream just as a
demonstration now nobody nobody
qualified or you know who fits the right
demographic is going to volunteer what
will happen instead is you'll get
Republicans volunteering and pretending
to be Democrats you get Democrats
volunteering but only to to ruin it you
know they they'll pretend that they're
up for the experiment but then really
they're there just to destroy it so it
would be kind of
uh be kind of hard to find somebody who
was
honest somebody who honestly wanted to
experience
to find out if they' been hypnotized or
brainwashed and that would be kind of
hard to find somebody who actually wants
to know for sure if they've been
brainwashed and and I could actually
provide that answer you know with
working with somebody
so uh Mark Cuban would be perfect is a
suggestion what you you know I've I've
had just
enough interaction with Mark cubin to
know that he can back his arguments
better than just about
anybody so I don't know that he's I
don't think he's I don't think he's got
TTS at all actually in my my
interactions he has he has a point of
view and sometimes a disagrees with mine
but I'm not talking about changing
somebody's mind so the reason the reason
the mark would not be a good choice for
deprogramming is I don't think he's
hypnotized in the first place Bill Mah
clearly has something going on that's
there's some kind of distortion there
Mark cubin is just somebody who has a
set of preferences that he that he
argues very well he doesn't seem to have
any kind of Illusions going on I've
never seen
any now and then you know the problem
with a Rob Riner obviously wouldn't do
it but if somebody like a Rob Riner
wanted wanted to
experiment how could you trust an
actor don't you suspect that Rob rer is
acting and that he doesn't necessarily
believe everything he tweets but it's
good for his side right it's just he's
supporting te so I I can't read his mind
so I don't know what R Runner is
thinking I know that the way he acts
doesn't look rational but I don't know
that he doesn't know that I don't know
that he's you know unaware that he's
playing a role to me it looks like a
role so you can't really trust an actor
because you never really know because
they'd be too good at fooling you
they're because they're
actors pick someone young cuz someone
old be too difficult to
accept but but I think it's a good show
whether they get uh whether they get
deep programmed or whether you see
cognitive dissonance it would be
interesting either way CU I would tell
you what to look for I would say before
we start the
deprogramming um I'll tell you what to
look for if cognitive distance happens
so i' say well one thing to look for is
the
filibuster where the person keeps
talking and won't let me you know Orient
the conversation that would be a sign
another another sign would be the word
salad where they're talking but the
sentences are like H I'm not even sure
those are making any sense and there are
a few others but you know it'd be fun to
tell you what to look for and then
create the cognitive dissonance and then
call it out and the person experiencing
it will just get mad because they won't
see it you know they they'll think
you're mocking them or
something all right well if I find the
right person for that I'll do it
um so V is is being uh called some kind
of a Russian asset that's the latest one
let let me see uh let's put this through
the AI that doesn't exist yet uh typing
into the AI it's a let's see if you can
find a pattern um there's a republican
candidate who's a let's see a populist a
populist he's rising in the polls uh
exceeding
expectations um and he's being accused
of being a Russian plant that really
he's working for
Russia so uh see if I can come up with
any pattern yep oh it came up with a
pattern recognition yeah yeah it turns
out that when populist uh Republicans
who don't want
War uh when they're involved there seems
to pop up a Russia collusion hoax how
often let me check how often 100% 100%
of the time
yeah now seriously you don't think an AI
could spot
this anybody is there anybody who thinks
AI can't spot
this come on the the pattern could not
be more
obvious right if I can spot it I'm
pretty sure AI can spot
it but this is based on I guess there's
some Russian news channel where the
Russians said their first choice would
be Trump
because he wants to end the war and
their second choice would be
V because he wants to end the
war that even the the Russian
newscasters are not even saying to win
the war they're not saying we want to
win the war they're saying they want to
end the
war these are Russian people saying they
want to end the war that that their own
boss Putin is is
pressing does it sound like anything
except they happen to be on the same
side that the fact that your mind is
somehow connecting that Russia is
running vake because he doesn't want a
useless
War where where's the connecting logic
to
that as far as I know I'm not influenced
by any
Russians but i' like an end to the war
am I am I now a Russian
asset because I don't like a war that
doesn't seem to have a obvious
purpose yes I am apparently yes I am all
right so uh I saw Ben Dominic uh tweeted
that VC is a
plant and V saw that and he answered
back false I am an
animal okay all right all right that's
good tween that's just good tween it's a
dad joke it's a dad joke but those are
not just allowed those are encouraged
you in the in the context of a national
race a dad joke a good dad joke that
lands that's just that's just the juice
you need yeah you don't need to be too
clever you just have to be interesting
you just have to take you know unserious
things UNS
seriously good answer all
right um as you
know uh Trump is being charged with
Insurrection not legally no no there's
no legal case charging him with
Insurrection but does that stop a
Democrat lawyer from trying to get him
not to be able to run for election based
on an Insurrection that no court has
found evidence to charge him for yes so
yes there moving forward to try to take
him out of the race for
Insurrection something that no court has
found to be
true now do you know
why you know the big reason there's they
think it's an
Insurrection because they found
no uh no evidence of fraud that was big
enough to change the result in the 2020
election and yet um Trump claimed that
existed and the argument against that
was what can you remind me what what was
the argument against Trump's claim that
there was
fraud what what was the argument that
closed that
down oh yeah no that's right the courts
no court have found it right so the way
that you know for
sure that there was no fraud is that no
court found it uh that standard doesn't
apply to Insurrection because although
no courts found that Insurrection
existed even though they look pretty
hard to you know make a case as some
Court would take and no court saw
anything that they would
take so you've got opposite standards in
the same case in the same case I'm not
saying that one case was different and
then you know now this case is is is
different sometimes I can't complete a
sentence um right you you see right am I
making my point that if it's true that
if a court didn't find it it must not be
true but when it comes to Insurrection
is not true it's the opposite and
they're both part of the same uh legal
action the same legal action wants you
to accept both standards at the same
time and they're
opposites now do you think that anything
like a legitimate process is happening
in the United States no there's nothing
legitimate Happening Here this is
completely
illegitimate all
right uh there's a uh I love this
there's a compilation video going around
showing in the beginning of the pandemic
when The Who and I think the CDC and
basically all the smart people were
saying at the beginning that the co
death rate was
3.4% which is a scary High number Trump
at the same time said he'd been talking
to people obviously experts and he was
he was sure that the real rate was a
fraction of 1% and you watch the video
and all the people are 3.4 3.4 3.4 and
then they're mocking Trump they're at
the the news is just mocking him for say
and then Trump saying he thinks it's
less than
1% based on what what his his
hunch just based on a hunch right when
all the experts and then of course the
punchline is that the experts changed to
you know half of
1% and lower I think now so Trump was
100% right from the g
go why probably because he didn't trust
big organizations and experts yeah so
when you see Trump's
instincts and let's say uh climate
change
when Trump said climate change is a hoax
I'm sure that what he actually meant was
you know the whole rigor Maro around it
I don't think he was specifically
talking about the the science claims you
know that CO2 could cause warming I
think he was talking about the whole
situation like VI but V adds agenda so
it's more clear until Aaron rupar takes
it out um so what if the same
hunch that we see Trump being right
about all the time and it's based on not
trusting
experts what if he's right about his
other
hunches election
election I mean anything could happen
anything could
happen all right
um You may have heard me say that we uh
it's necessary to do a RICO case against
Democrat leadership because at this
point it appears that there is an
organized group probably the same group
largely that has been running everything
from the fine people hoax to the Russia
collusion hoax the laptop oax the you
know drinking bleach oax the the you you
name it the Insurrection hoax and it's
all the same cast of characters they
have money involved you know jobs power
money so there's a financial interest
they're organized and this was my claim
my claim is that now it's very clear
with the things that we all know all
right no speculation just the things
that we know for
sure it looks exactly like a RICO
organized criminal
organization now before you say B but
but the Republicans do the same
thing I would say no Republican voters
do the same thing do you see the
difference one of the examples somebody
gave me in a counterargument was what
about pizzagate to which I said that
didn't come first
and you know maybe you get some
poed conspiracy that comes from usually
is there something bubbling up from the
bottom and maybe there's some politician
who grabs on it and is willing to say it
in public but it's nothing like any kind
of organized Rico criminal operation
it's just a bunch of things that people
claimed some of them were true and some
of them weren't that that's just sort of
normal
business but if you look at the Democrat
operation they've got the you know FBI
Department of Justice they they've you
know they corrupted the the platforms
the news media this is all known the CIA
you know operating to do the or you know
various intelligence agency people
involved in the uh laptop coverup so you
can see it's all the same
characters and they're
organized and so that that was a picture
I was painting a few days ago and most
of you heard it right now here's the
update two stories New York Post says
the White House council's Office the
White House council's Office met with
top Aid to special counsel Jack Smith
just weeks before he brought charges
against President Trump for allegedly
mishandling classified documents raising
serious concerns about coordinated legal
efforts aimed at President Biden's
likely
opponent so here's the story in the New
York Post suggesting a a ricol like
coordination that would be inappropriate
in this
context here's another story um house
Judiciary chairman Jim Jordan so he's
investigating the Fon County DA Fanny
Willis charges that she coordinated with
Federal officials including special
counsel Jack
Smith this is a separate case which the
timing of the announcement of the
indictments seemed to be very
politically advantageous for Democrats
and it didn't look like a coincidence so
here would be two two examples that are
in the news today right the Today part
is important to this that as soon as you
see the RICO frame on it everything
fits so I what I imagine is you're going
to see a whole bunch of stories about
people coordinating in various I
elements of the Democrat machine so that
the the RICO case you know becomes
clearer and clearer over time uh for the
people who follow politics I'd say it's
completely clear would you agree most of
you I would say are in the top 2% of
people who follow the news in any detail
would you agree that for those of you
who are following it in detail the case
for a RICO criminal organization is not
just possible it's just obvious this is
the most obvious thing I've ever seen in
my
life that I mean I don't even know how
you could possibly talk me out of
it it's just really really
obvious
now you know I don't know that there's
like a a head like a mafia head but I
also don't know if that's necessary if
they're all operating with sort of a
common understanding so it doesn't seem
like you need a boss per
se but it's very organized it's
obvious and when you see the the new
Russia hoax that VI is a Russian asset
it's just more of that more of the
same all right here is a quote from
Romney on
Ukraine um here's how he's explaining
his support for supporting Ukraine in
the war I'm going to read this and I
want to get your
impression and then also related story
ask you if AI could pick up a pattern
here so just see if AI would notice any
patterns in this all right so here's his
own quote so Romney says the single most
important thing we can do to strengthen
America relative to China is to see
Russia defeated in
Ukraine a weakened Russia deters the
ccp's territorial ambition and halts
Putin's vision of reestablishing the old
Soviet Union so support supp in Ukraine
is in our
interest do you think AI would look at
that and say well that those are some
good reasons Some solid reasons right
there I had to read this so many times
because I couldn't I honestly I didn't
know if it was real at first I was like
is that real like he actually said those
words now I'm saying word salad that's
one of the things I was looking for but
I don't think he has cognitive
dissonance I think
he's it looks more like he has a a
preferred approach for reasons I can't
read his mind but it doesn't exactly
look like cognitive Defence so it's
close to being word salid but there is a
meaning to it let's let's uh let's uh
spend some time on this so do you think
it's necessary to keep China from you
know getting out of control that the way
we would keep China from getting out of
control is to fund somebody else to have
a fight with somebody
else that that tracks with you the the
way to keep China you know honest and
not get too adventurous is for America
to fund a separate country to have a war
with another
country that that was our that was the
strategy now I'm not going to argue that
it has no effect it might have an effect
it's entirely possible that with China
is looking at the Weaponry involved and
saying some form of wow they got good
stuff yeah but let me ask you this is
that the way you would have approached
this would Trump have done this would
Trump have said you know what we need to
do if we could start a war or encourage
a war with two separate countries that
could showcase the equality of our
weapons that would keep that would keep
uh China at Bay because you know it's
not like it's the first time remember
how well it worked in
Afghanistan right when when we were in
Afghanistan China was like whoa whoa
they're winning so hard in Afghanistan
we'd better we' better leave Taiwan
alone right you remember when that
happened oh that didn't happen right
yeah that didn't happen and you remember
when we uh we won in Vietnam and that
caused China to say whoa okay that
didn't happen either
but does that sound like that's a Str
strategy or a
rationalization
strategy that's the way you would go
about it you'd start the
war in two separate countries to show
China not to take Taiwan that that would
be like a real plan that real people
would come up with that plan no this is
a rationalization for something that
happened I don't know why I mean I don't
know what he's thinking or what he wants
or you know I can't read his mind
but there's no way that anybody ever sat
in a room and said if we start this war
with Ukraine or you know back it that uh
that's going to keep
China out of trouble with us no way
there's the slightest chance that that
was intentional all right how about the
other
one uh that uh we would halt uh Putin's
vision of reestablishing the old Soviet
Union is he making us think past the
sale here
here um how do we know what Putin is
thinking what about the Peter Zan um
explanation which is that uh 100% of
what Putin appears to be going after has
gone after and is going after are choke
points which are quite obviously
defensive uh defensive Necessities for
Russia to control its territorial
Integrity now I don't know is Peter
zayan right I don't know but you know
he's not a
politician you know I I don't know what
influences he has but those are
completely different stories aren't they
if what Russia wants is to be protected
for you know a thousand years in the
future that gives you something to
negotiate how hard would it be for us to
work out something that gives them
territorial you know
integrity
without you know without a war it just
feels like that's a pretty solvable
problem but if you're imagining that
Putin has this
Vision which you know he does talk about
it so it's not completely a ridiculous
thing he does talk about you know the
the greatness of Russia and that some
things belong to him Etc so there's a
little bit of that I'm not sure that
it's either Peter xan's thing completely
or that it's Romney's thing completely
it feels like it's probably a
hybrid of wanting to have these choke
points for their own defense plus
wouldn't it be great you know if we had
some of our prior Glory but which but
it's possible that one of those is way
more
important right so here's another way
you could have gone about it so the way
they went about it is to start a war
with Ukraine and Russia to warn R to
deter everybody and and China too
um here's another way you could have
done
it if Trump had been president two phone
calls that's the other way to do it two
phone calls one to Russia one to
China hey uh Russia if you do this I
can't even tell you how bad this is
going to be for you this will be so bad
you there will be things you didn't even
imagine were doable we've got assets and
resources that you have no idea we would
bring so much pain on you
that you would regret this for the rest
of your life however long that
is you don't think that that Trump could
have scared the beesus sen of Putin at
least to make him wait until Trump is
gone you know at least to buy you four
more years or something right you don't
think you could call China and say look
here's the deal we got our microchips on
that island you're not taking the island
that's the end of our conversation our
microchips are there it's a vital just
you attack them you're attacking
us that you're not taking it it's just
that's a hard no and I'll say different
things in public for you if you want me
in public to say you know it's China's
domestic problem I'll do that but if you
put one troop on Taiwan your whole
 situation is going to
collapse you don't think he can sell
that the greatest salesperson and you
know he's been called Trump's been
called the greatest salesperson ever by
somebody who know sales you don't think
you can sell that two phone calls two
phone calls yeah instead we made we
created a war with two third
parties to handle
Taiwan come
on when you say oh come on I can't tell
if you're talking to me or or you're
agreeing with
me
um Zan is says it's collapsing oh I saw
another uh rumor SL hypothesis about
China collapsing so you've heard
everything about the you know their
population and you know the uh the
economy's got problems in 50 different
ways uh but there's one that I hadn't
heard before so they have this enormous
Dam what is it the Three Rivers Dam or
something and it's this massive Dam and
three gorgees the three gorgees Dam
thank you the three gorgees Dam now I
don't know that this is true this just a
thing I saw you know some YouTube video
that uh that it's having structural
problems and that they knew it would or
at least some people knew it would when
it was built that it was never built as
well as it should have been for the
volume of water and then if that dam
ever broke it would actually take down
China do you believe that I mean that
seems Seems like hyperbole to me but
apparently the amount of flooding would
be so it it would be cataclysmic you
know it would be like Noah's Arc
situation and that there's no way that
the country could take that size of a
hit and the government still function
and do what they need to do there
because there're big cities down river
you now I'm not so sure about that I
think China could take a hit that size
and it's a very capable country I mean
it would be a tragedy of in almost
unimaginable uh scale but and certainly
don't want that to happen but it's out
there you know there's you know I I just
don't think that we predict we're not
good at predicting the end of everything
we tend to be
adaptable
um please do this on X um I probably
will but I don't know if I'll do it live
actually I just started looking into it
yesterday so I still have some questions
if I were to be on X can I live stream
yet or do I have to do it do I have to
just post a video on there after I'm
done does anybody know the answer to
that so some some saying yes how because
I was looking where do I live
stream I I saw no user interface for
that can you can you tell me where to
find it on the
app no spaces doesn't count if I were to
do a live stream with
video Tucker
did so but I know I've seen uh Elon
testing the live feature but where is
it so I can so I so you say I have that
user interface option right now because
I don't see anything named
Periscope yeah so uh I did Google it I
did Google it I didn't find it so if
anybody knows if that's live for
everybody and where to find it or is it
a separate app is it a separate app you
pick the post and the
picture yeah spaces is Audio Only all
right well look into it so I'm looking
into that today so I I like the
idea uh Dr funu says yes and I believe
you would know thank you
yeah if it's not live then there's a
little point in doing it well I don't
know people do watch recorded things on
uh more people watch this recorded than
live did you know that yeah my my live
stream is
maybe 20% of the total traffic most of
it's recorded
traffic oh thank you uh DJ Dr Funk juu
says you'll send me info on X and that's
exactly when he thinkk thank you
appreciate that all
right uh people say they liked me on
Roseanne let me give you an update on my
book there are still I think four fake
versions of my book up there um but once
people start using it to train AI I
think it's going to think it's going to
do well
um I have a claim to
make that while there might be some
books that at the moment are slight slly
higher rated in the uh category of
transforming your life which I like
better than self-help self-help always
bug me because if you're reading a book
on self-help it's the author that's
helping you you're not really
self-helping you're literally getting
somebody else's help and then taking
their advice it doesn't seem like
self-help but anyway so I like personal
transformation because it's definitely a
personal transformation you're just
using some resources to get it done but
in that domain I have the following
claim there is no book in the top 20
that would improve your life
faster or you know more uh let's say
more likely than mine because it's
written for that right it's written to
have exactly that impact and if you look
at the reviews it's obvious that it's
working that people are already you know
they're 10 pages into the book and
saying I found something that's like I'm
going to totally change my life with
so my argument is that a book written by
a
hypnotist to take uh good ideas and make
them actionable is different than a book
about good ideas because a normal WR a
normal author writing a book with a
bunch of good ideas it doesn't matter
how good they are because if you're not
implementing them you know they just lay
there but mine are written so that you
can't help yourself
I if you see a reframe that works
they're so short and easy to remember
that it will just stick in your head and
then you're done right a reframe works
just because you thought of it and then
you repeated it in your head because it
was it was sticky so I've solved the
part that most self-help books don't do
which is to get you to actually do
something and the the doing is because
once the words are in your head the
words change this structure of your
brain literally and they make it more
productive and then the thing that you
wanted to be more true for you becomes
more true and there's no no specific
effort to do it it's just that you added
some new code it's like a software patch
so that's the easiest effort for the
greatest personal
transformation and in my opinion there's
nothing close it's called reframe your
brain I've never said anything like that
with anything I've written before this
is actually special and people are
seeing it right away all right so that's
all for this amazing live stream is
there any topic that I should have
mentioned that I
did I feel like I must have left
something
out the perfect airplane book it is it's
the perfect airplane
book I do write it with that in mind
actually now we we don't have any
updates nor will
we all right perfect for young
people did we reach our
hour I got six more minutes to spend
with you if you want to ask me a
question because I I try to get the live
streams to an hour there's some magic To
That on
YouTube uh I didn't mention Rob Riner so
that largely you know pretty much
handles most of the important news
um what about we talked about V on Bill
Mar show How Will trump fix Ukraine
through threats I believe through
threats and
also being realistic about American
interests do you have a Rogan appearance
yet no you know I'm not really I don't
think I'm exactly a Joe Rogan guest
material you know I've done it once and
that's probably all I
needed um you know just cuz I have a
book that doesn't mean I get to be a
guest um you're seeing dreams with a
them
really all right so I was also thinking
of using the 200 or so uh micro lessons
that I have on the locals platform so if
you didn't know I make these little to
to 4 minute videos to teach you a life
skill uh each one teaches you like a
real useful thing there are over 200 of
them that are available just for
subscribers now suppose I took 200 of
those micr lessons and made them
available to train in AI in addition to
my
books wouldn't you want your AI to have
read had to failed almost everything to
still wins big and reframe your brain
because they're generally considered the
two most use ful you know
adviceyoutube
that's the AI I'd want my kid to see you
know of course I'm too close to it so
but if there's anybody thinks that you
know anybody would benefit from that set
of
messages there's now a way to do it just
stick it in an AI and anybody can have
it will the US defend
Taiwan
um here's the only right answer
you ready there's one right
answer do you know what it
is
probably probably right because the
Trump will tell you you can't be
predictable can't be predictable so we
should probably say
yes because that that's a scary EST but
you don't have to do what you say you
just have to make yourself look scary
and unpredictable
um I saw a suggestion that I should go
on the podcast
trigonometry uh that's already scheduled
so I will be on triggernometry
triggernometry one of the best podcasts
by the way I was very happy about
that and I'm finishing negotiation with
uh Mike
Mandel who is a uh a
hypnotist and uh I've never been well I
have been interviewed by hypnotist
that's that's not true but he's he's do
he does it for a living it's like his
main thing so uh that would be
fun uh oh Roger Stone should be today
the Roger Stone radio interview I don't
know what time today but his show his
show ears today
Sunday man cave
person uh somebody says it's
WABC uh which is 770 a.m. at 2: to 4:
p.m. now that would be WABC everywhere
or just in one place so 2: to 4:00 p.m.
that's probably eastern time I guess I
probably
Eastern all right what uh what podcast
do you think I should most go
on oh I would go on uh uh jenss
show actually that would be really
interesting wouldn't
it bung you
know I've got a request in for James
aler he would be amazing Tim pool Joo
Megan oh
yeah yeah I should see if Megan Kelly
wants to
talk she'd be good Jordan Peterson
Russell Brand I've got a I've got a
request for Russell
Brand all right I should follow up oh
Brett yeah maybe this is the time for me
to talk to Brett what do you
think Brett
Weinstein yeah I you know I didn't want
to go talk to him just about pandemic
stuff because I'm just so over
it but if I have a new book then I got
something to talk about well that' be
interesting if if you wanted to all
right it's never up to me if of course
never up to me all right
um yeah Fox News I don't think I can be
on Fox news now because they're taking
Tik Tock
advertising so I I'm going to I'm going
to take Fox News off of my publicity
schedule not not that I was ever booked
but if I had been I wouldn't I would
have had to back out but uh
Jack pabc going to be talking to him I
think
tomorrow yeah are are you amazed that
Fox News is taking Tik Tock
advertising I
know
it's I don't even know what to say about
it but you know the only thing I can do
is just not associate with it that's the
only thing I can do so all right
um I think we hit our bogey we got our
time thanks for all the feedback was
actually really useful I appreciate it
and I will talk to
you tomorrow YouTube thanks for joining
you're
amazing