I'll even put on a microphone for the
YouTube
people because that's how much I love
you yeah good morning everybody and
welcome to the
finest thing that ever happened in your
life it's called coffee with Scott Adams
and I don't believe civilization has
ever experienced anything like this
before and orever will and if you'd like
to take it up to levels that only AI can
even understand all you need is a kepper
mug or glass a tanker Jalin a canteen
juger flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure of the dope of being head of
the day thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens now
go oh that's good you know I can't wait
to have a coffee robot it's nice to have
a coffee machine you know that makes
your a coffee for you that's okay
sure but I still have to stand up and
walk over and get it and then walk all
the way back where is my coffee
robot can I make a
prediction uh the following
prediction in 3
years I'll be doing this show
you know just like today except while
you're watching me my Tesla robot will
bring me a cup of coffee while I'm live
anybody want to take a bet do you want
to take a bet that my Tesla robot will
bring me my coffee while you're watching
a live stream within 3 years anybody
want to take that
bet what a time to be alive are you
kidding me uh 100 ,000 years of human
evolution and you get to be alive when
the freaking sension robot brings you
coffee that is amazing we actually have
flying cars now they only last 20
minutes on a charge or whatever it is
but we do have flying cars there there
is actually a business called the Jetson
one for
$100,000 sell you a 20 minute ride you
know per
now I couldn't buy a
$100,000 uh flying
car here's why 20 minutes I don't know
about you but my personality would make
me panic one minute in I only got 19
minutes to get back how am I going to
get this car back if I I'd be watching
I'd be flying and looking at my my watch
my Apple watch I guess at the same
time 15 minutes oh God oh God I got to
get back back oh I only have 10 minutes
I only have 10 minutes so for me it
would be a 5 minute charge cuz after 5
minutes I'd be like I'm getting back I'm
getting back I I don't even know if
these dials are correct I don't want to
be up here when this battery stops so
it's not quite where I need it I still
look at an electric car with a 350 M
range and I tell myself I'm not
comfortable with that going to the
grocery
store and I'm not even joking like it
would actually give me anxiety that my
electric car only had a charge of 300
miles I I can barely deal with a gas
engine it's like all right full tank I
think I can make it to the corner and
back uh it's just a personal thing well
uh there in the big news I'll start with
a little news and work to the big news
if you don't mind get you warmed up
beginning of the week uh there was a
wind Surfer who was hit by a
whale they say it was a one in a million
accident and he had his here's the funny
thing he had so some kind of a GoPro or
something filming it so you could
actually see you know his his uh wind
Surfer thing going forward on a I guess
that's what it's called would you have
like a surfboard with a with a parachute
I mean that's either for attacking
Israel or it's some kind of surfboarding
thing right could have two purposes but
he hits he hits his whale and he gets
like a really clean picture of the
whale so one in a million whale hits a
wind Surfer and he gets a really clean
uh image of
it still no good clean images of a
UFO that's where I was going with this
we also have the uh sighting of a one in
a million an albino moose that was the I
think last week or so albino moose nice
clear picture of an albino
moose still no picture of a UFO fall no
not a clean one so I guess that's just
chance all right my next episode I call
backward science backwards
science that's where studies get the
correlation backwards maybe but I'm
going to teach you a new trick on this
one uh here's the headline regular
exercise helps people avoid the need for
anti-depressants pretty good that sounds
like a good positive development but
also it feels like you already knew that
right don't you feel like you already
knew that Well turns out that there's
some ambiguity in the science there
there's it's not obvious that exercise
does help everybody because and I'm
going to compliment the study people
they say directly that they they were
very conscious that the correlation
might work the other way they're very
conscious that it could be that if
you're depressed you're less likely to
go to the gym doesn't that make sense so
the correlation between who's happy and
who's exercising might be a backwards
correlation but here's the good news
they designed the test to control for
that so they took people who are not on
any kind of medicine they said this
random group will exercise this random
group will not and the group that
exercise had better
outcomes now what was wrong with this
study well here's the title of this
here's the here's the headline most
people are just going to read the
headline right realistically here's the
headline get listen to the exact wording
regular exercise helps people avoid the
need for
anti-depressants that's the headline now
let's hear let's hear the exact words of
what the study participant or the study
author
said
um
uh the the authors actually say or is it
the people who have these mental
conditions exercise less often boom so
they had actually you know controlled
the study for that good work good work
but uh here's what the study authors
concluded from their own study in their
words uh exercise was likely helping to
prevent conditions from manifesting in
other words it was likely helping to
keep you from having your actual
depression now does likely helping match
the headline regular exercise helps
people avoid the need for
anti-depressants no no likely is
different from it
does likely likely is the correct
scientific
interpretation scientists got it right
uh the causal the causality getting
backwards scientists got it right
so the scientists got everything right
except that it was a I think it was a
small study
group um well actually that's the next
one uh but then the but then the uh
journalist turned it
wrong so be careful of that the
scientists can get everything right and
the journalist can just write a or the
edit editor can write a headline that
just doesn't match the story and if you
didn't read and where was the part about
likely
how far in the article do you have to
read before you get to the word well
it's likely it helps the last paragraph
the last paragraph negates the the
headline in fact as a practice this is
what you should do if it's anything
about a scientific study you should read
the first paragraph because that tells
you what it did always skip to the last
paragraphs last two paragraphs always
look at them cuz that's where they'll
hide the well we didn't really mean it
probably doesn't mean anything all right
here's another one that's not backward
science the study said that those who
consumed uh high quality olive oil
experienced a significant reduction in
blood pressure that's good news right
and I think they they did the study in
the right way they picked people and
randomly selected them and gave some the
olive oil and some not and by the way it
only works with a high-end olive oil
that has some specific stuff in it
that's good for you I guess I didn't
write down what it is but here's what's
wrong with the study they studied 50
people would you ever would you ever uh
alter your life because there was a
scientific study with 50 people in it
you should probably
not that's way too small that's what you
call an underpowered study doesn't mean
they're wrong not saying they're wrong
I'm just saying it's
underpowered so that's what you should
learn look for the last paragraph
negating the title and then look for the
number of participants those are two
things you should look for right
away however as I often tell you when it
comes to your own diet and fitness you
should be a continuous experimenter so
since I'm actually you know working on
getting my blood pressure down um I will
I'll test this I'll actually just see
what happens cuz I think you know it's
maybe like a teaspoon of olive oil a day
or something like that maybe you know I
don't I can't imagine it would hurt me
to do a little more olive oil right so
there's no downside I can just test it
for a month see if I see any
difference all right um remember how I
told you
that the opposite I didn't make this up
it was something I saw from somebody
else that the opposite of addiction is
human
connection it's not sobriety that if you
have human connection your need for
addiction goes way down now this
explains several things
which uh have always been puzzles to me
and I'm not positive that I have this
factually right but tell me if you've
heard this before the after Vietnam
there were a number of people who were
hooked on Heroin while they were over
there cuz they kind of needed it to get
through the day who came back to the
United States and allegedly I need a
fact check on this but it's been
reported that they had very little
effort in just getting off of heroin
does that sound familiar have you ever
heard that the people coming back with
Heroin addictions just got off it like
it was nothing now what does that tell
you like what was it about being home
other than not being scared to be killed
every minute but you should have been
physically addicted it shouldn't have
matter that the reason you started was
no longer valid the the drug itself
should have done what the drug does and
make you
addicted but here's what's different
when you come home you probably
re-engage socially you become connected
again to your family and your
community so again there's something
that's you know anecdotally is very
consistent with that idea that human
connection is a direct replacement for
addiction but I came up with another
example um you may have seen me do a
video of this it's kind of funny my dog
Snickers refuses to eat her regular food
which is at this point it's a high-end
you know moist
food she's on a special diet but she
likes that food um but she will not eat
that if I'm awake and and home if I'm in
the house she will follow me every time
I get my coffee cuz it's you know in the
same place as the treats and she'll beg
for treats and I thought the other day
when I was thinking about this addiction
versus connection thing that she's just
begging for treats all day long and I I
said to myself that's basically an
addiction she's addicted to treats and I
thought what if I try to give her a
human connection instead of a treat so
since she can't have infinite treats you
know she I give her a few but you know I
keep it in a reasonable diet friendly
amount and so instead I go over and give
her some attention like give her some
real direct attention petting her making
sure I'm touching her give her my full
attention for like a minute and she
seems just as happy then she walks away
[Music]
like and she walks away like uh like
she'd had a
treat and I thought does this explain
everything like have we literally cured
addiction like could you take somebody
as an
experiment and just say all right we're
going to experiment on you um you know
you can live with this cool family who's
really warm and they'll love you and you
see what
happens just see what happens yeah you
you wonder if you could hug an addict
out of it like literally imagine if you
were an addict
but once a day a bunch of cool strangers
could come up to you and just give you
like a warm
embrace probably cure you I don't know
is anyway we're we're monitoring this
space other news V ramas Swami was on
CNN which is always fun uh I don't think
anybody has done a better job getting
interviewed on CNN than V ramaswami if
you've seen him I think you'd agree
because the thing he does better than
anybody is he sticks to the part he
sticks to the Republican let's say
philosophy without saying things that
are batshit crazy which is sort of hard
to
do you know what I mean it it's hard to
say things that even the Democrats would
agree are factually true but he does
that so he he he was uh being accosted
by Jim
aosta I never realized that why that was
his name before so Jim is actually the
person who accosts people you know like
at press press events his name is
actually Jim
aasta anyway so Jim was interviewing V
and here was the important topic that
Jim acasta thought that V should respond
to think about all the things happening
in the world and here's what Jim aosta
asked V to respond to that Trump had
called the uh the people in jail over
the January 6 charges he referred to
them as
hostages you know at the same time that
there were hostages in
Gaza so that that was the important
thing that Jim aosta needed to talk to V
about so how did V handle
that
quote from V let me be clear about
what's irresponsible as it relates to
coverage of Donald Trump from the Russia
collusion hoax that never was to the
hunter Biden laptop story I think the
real accountability here belongs to the
media
perfect literally perfect now imagine
what he could have done right he stuck
with Russia collusion hoax because
nobody doubts that that didn't pan out
and the hunter Biden left up story we
know the truth of that so he didn't he
didn't go into anything that would allow
Jim aasta to say oh that one thing you
mentioned is questionable he just kept
it a thing you can't really argue with I
mean if you're a news person you can't
citizens
would good
job um I saw a story that said that uh
Biden doesn't know what Biden AMX is and
nobody else does but it's the
centerpiece of his
campaign if if there were one thing that
would explain everything about the 2024
presidential election let me summarize
the centerpiece of Biden's uh campaign
is
biomics and Biden says directly he
doesn't know what it is that's right he
doesn't know how to define biomics
except something good something really
good that's it that's the centerpiece of
his campaign now it's not the only part
of his campaign there's also the part
that is obviously untrue you know
accusing Trump of calling racist very
fine people didn't happen he'll probably
bring up the drinking bleach HX didn't
happen didn't
happen now it and see how smart it is
that V didn't mention those two hoaxes
because those Jim could argue about I
mean not successfully but it turns it
into an argument L is smart enough to
know that he can drop he can drop two
little bombs
they even aosta won't go after and then
and then bully his way through was
perfect so my understanding is I I get
very confused in all the Trump legal
stuff so if I say something that mixes
two of the cases together will you try
to keep me honest you know keep me on
track here cuz I'm very confused about
it all I think most non- lawyers are
pretty confused but my understanding is
that a judge has already
ruled that um what he was going to lose
his business license in New York for and
the the example that's given in the
Press is that Trump claimed his uh his
townhouse in Trump Tower was 33,000
Square ft but it was really
11,000 so far is that
correct that that it's factually it's
not 33,000
but that there's evidence he claimed it
and therefore that's obvious fraud for
the judge and therefore they've lost
some kind of license to operate in New
York I mean I imagine it'll be appealed
but that's where it sits right
now let me ask you
this so from the outside everything just
looks
confusing and let me let me give you an
example when I tried to get uh fire
insurance for my house
because it's uh bigger than normal house
do you think that the insurance company
took my word for the square
footage they did not because there was a
lot of money involved even and it's just
it was just fire insurance but still
that's a lot of
money you know for a normal residential
situation so they sent somebody out who
spent an entire morning with a a
measuring device measuring my house and
rooms
now if you've ever bought a
house um do you take the word of the
seller for the square footage or do you
send somebody around who looks at you
know what's broken and measures it and
maybe does an assessment and checks the
square footage at least visually you
know at least does that look like it's
about that much yes so even in my tiny
little residential World nobody ever
ever ever takes your word for square
footage if it's a reasonably large deal
now that's the size of my house now
imagine this Trump
Tower give me any scenario where anybody
who has to make an important
decision doesn't check the square
footage I've never heard of that have
you so there's something about this
story that we deeply don't understand is
that a media
failure or was it there and I missed it
because I could have missed it could be
it could be on me but who could answer
the question why is this the only case
in recorded history where something at
that dollar amount that that involved a
physical asset this is the important
part it's a physical
asset nobody doesn't check a physical
asset at that dollar
level that would be like somebody buying
an office building without physically
going there I mean that would be a
pretty rare you know you'd at least send
somebody to look at it who you trust
in so correct me if I'm wrong there's
just something deeply essential to the
story that's missing and nobody's even
telling you it's missing until I just
told you how many of you noticed that
was missing and then in the reporting
did anybody else
notice you I'm always looking for the
dog that's not barking so I'm waiting
for the part where where there was an
assessor for example you know was there
ever part of the story where an assessor
walked through and Trump said oh don't
measure it I'll just take my word for it
did that ever happen is there any
evidence of that cuz I feel like I would
have heard of that so where in the world
did the two estimates come
from if I had to guess and it's only a
guess it would go like this in the real
world things are complicated and there's
layers and people talk to people and
forget what was heard and you know they
write things down wrong we live in this
messy error-filled World here's what I
think probably
happened I think what probably
happened is that one point somebody
believed it would be
33,000 or at one point it included a few
other floor
cuz that's three floors right 11,000 and
33,000 are multiple of three do you
think it's a coincidence that it's
exactly
three or do you think that at one point
Trump said um uh I'm going to keep all
three stories for
myself but then he changed his mind
because he didn't need that much space
so that one point maybe one point
there's a document that said it was
33,000 ft
because maybe that's what he planned it
to be at some point and then the
accountants doing what the accountants
do let let me tell you how my taxes are
done my accountant already knows my Base
information you know all all the basic
stuff it's that's the same every year
the only thing she does is update with
new
information so I tell her every year
what you know the value of my house is
or any of that stuff or oh I don't tell
her every year the the size of my house
and what percentage is business use
because part of my house I use for my
office
here she takes what I said last time and
unless I tell her something new she says
it's still the square footage and then
she calculates based on that so you
don't update your accountant on every
piece of information that's sort of your
base information you just tell them more
changed so if at one point somebody like
an accountant had ever seen an adop
document of 33,000 ft they would have
just used it just kept using
it so my best guess is what happened is
that some document got disconnected from
reality at some point probably an
innocent mistake and then it just
perpetuated because you know the the
principles don't go check all the math
all the time that's that's not part of
the
process just a guess that in the real
world it does doesn't make sense that he
he tripled it exactly you get that if
it's an entire floor that must be what
all floors are it must be that pretty
much all floors are around 11,000 at
least in that range of the building so
he probably just thought he was going to
use three and used one that's probably
all it was never corrected
it um so let's see um
so I got questions there now I'm going
to go hard at this next Point I've made
it in a lighter way but I'm going to go
a little
harder so as my understand that the the
case involves Jack
Smith uh has to do with what Trump
believed about the
election so correct me if I'm wrong the
charges against Trump depend entirely
entirely not just a little bit but the
charges depend entirely on him knowing
that he had lost the election is that
correct it depends entirely upon knowing
him knowing that he lost the election
but acting like he' won
anyway completely
now if there's no evidence that he ever
told anybody that he believed it was
fair how in the world could that be
illegal it can't be and have you heard
any any hint that anybody involved is
going to testify oh yeah he told me
directly he he knows it was a clean
election and if he had said that you
don't think we'd know about it by
now you you don't think anybody would
have mentioned that by now well you know
he told his
lawyers now if you if you know anything
about Trump's
personality do you think he could have
any way of knowing the election was
fair given you know think about all the
things that you and I have seen that
show that all of our government
institutions are corrupt to some degree
or other pretty much all of them now
that's what we've seen from the
outside
imagine just imagine the things that
Trump has seen both as a private
business person working with the
government
plus being in power and seeing how
things really work behind the
scenes do you think a person with that
experience could say that all 50 states
held a fair
election nobody with that experience has
that
opinion nobody there are people who
might say it because it's good for them
politically but there can't be any
reasonable adult who says they know that
50
elections were all done securely that is
fundamentally
unknowable it's unknowable and every day
a Democrat will tell me it is knowable
because I didn't find
anything
no I I think Democrats treat it like you
know they're looking in a cup and
they're
like I'm looking in this cup and I can
see the bottom of the cup
so there's no there's nothing in there
cuz I can see the bottom of the
cup it's not really like looking in a
cup you know what it's more
like it's more like a needle in a
haystack yeah if somebody cheated
intentionally they wouldn't do it so so
obviously that they could get caught
they would have a really good sense of
what things get caught and what things
don't get caught CU enough people have
been caught that they know what gets
caught they know what will obviously be
caught so nobody would do that but are
there any ways to cheat that you might
not get caught the answer is of course
of course there
are probably lots of
them just because you can't name them
doesn't mean they don't exist every
every complicated system has
vulnerabilities so we have this
absurdity that there's one man in the
world who could know the unknowable
about this complex web of systems
that would be more like a needle and a
hay stack so let me reword it the case
the case hinges on Trump looking at a Hy
stack and knowing there's no needle in
it I was had
analogy it depends on him knowing
there's no needle in it now I always
tell you analogies are not arguments
their only way is to make a point and
this is one of those the AR argument
doesn't require the analogy the argument
is it's a big complicated system how
would anybody know what's happening in
that big complicated system by breaking
it down to a comparison between
Democrats saying hey there's nothing in
my little cup so it must be empty I'm
telling you that it's not a simple
system like a cup you can't know it's
empty by looking at
it it's more like a complicated system
which I've represented as a needle
that's in a Hast stack so we have this
actual
situation where the prosecution has to
prove that with no evidence of trump
ever saying it to anybody apparently
they're going to have to know what was
in his head and to know that in the
context of trump knowing that every
government system is corrupt to some
degree and knowing that has closed in
about him particularly knowing that it
accused him of being heiller and every
single person who believed it had a good
reason to cheat him that somehow he can
know while he looks at this big pile of
hay that there's not a needle in the
middle of it just by looking at the
hay and that's what that's what the
Democrats have been led to believe that
you actually can look at a big pile of
hay and just by looking at it from the
outside you know there's no Needle on
the inside why because a few people dug
around the edges and they didn't find a
needle well
therefore now I hate to say this is a an
IQ problem CU I don't think there's that
much difference in IQ between political
left and right at least you know not so
much would make a difference here this
clearly looks like
brainwashing clearly looks like that so
when I wrote a long thread on this uh
would you like to hear me read the
thread because it says it perfectly or
would that just be a
repeat yes all right it's better summary
let me do that so here's what I uh
posted today
um
so to find Trump guilty of inciting some
kind of insurrection I forget what the
charge is is this the Insurrection
one I think it is right um to find Trump
guilty of in inciting some kind of
insurrection prosecutor have to show he
knew the
unknowable that the election was not
rigged that is literally
unknowable and every serious adult who
is not a Democrat understands it you all
understand that right is there anybody
who's
confused about how you could know
there's a needle in the middle of the
Hast act no and so I said unless there's
evidence Trump ever said the election
was clean and nothing like that has been
suggested there's nothing to the case
but worse in the context of every one of
our other major government institutions
being somewhat obviously corrupt the
odds of 50 separate State elections
being clean is close to zero certainly
over time but even
now the absurdity level is off the chart
Banana Republic
stuff so and then here's my speculation
I said the case against Trump has only
gotten this far because Democrats don't
see the news this shows all of our other
institutions being corrupt they still
think everything about Co was
legit they think uh Putin got Trump
elected they think Hunter's laptop was
uh they don't know Hunter's laptop was a
hoax they think Joe Joe wasn't involved
in Hunter's businesses they think Trump
called neo-nazis Fine people and they
think he recommended drinking
bleach that's what their news told
them their news told them that
um but best of all Democrats have been
duped into believing you can read the
mind of a stranger Trump and you can see
that he clearly could see the unknowable
so first you have to read his mind and
then while you're reading it you have to
see that he knows something that can't
be
known magic how how would he know
something that can't be
known or at least that he he was lying I
suppose you could see that if you were a
bra if you're a mind reader
um so it's absurd and totally corrupt
but I I left this uh what I called extra
help for Democrats at the end of the
post because you know what the Democrats
are going to say right do you know what
every brainwashed Democrat would say to
that
post well I know what they're going to
say so that's why I left them a little
helpful note at the end it says extra
help for Democrats by the way this is a
good technique if you're posting if you
know if you know what the complaint will
be
call it out it makes it funnier right so
I said extra help for Democrats I do
understand that no court has found
evidence that would overturn the 2020
election that fact is not a Counterpoint
to anything I've written rather it is
the method used to brainwash
you how many people do you think still
went into the comments and
said Scott it's been proven that the
elections were good because nothing was
found by the courts
or there will be a few there will be a
few I don't know how many but there'll
be a few nothing could stop them all
right here's some news that made me
scratch my head uh NBC News and this is
important because remember NBC News is
what people who know more than I do say
is sort of the the in-house news meaning
that uh the CIA and the government tells
NBC what to say about political stuff
that's what people say you know I I
don't have personal knowledge of that
but if you imagine that's true cu the
people saying it are
smart um then put that context on this
story so NBC news says that uh Muslims
in Michigan which is a key election
State uh their support for Biden is is
cratering because of the uh the Israeli
and Hamas
situation does that make sense to you
does it make sense to you that Muslims
would start losing their support
for Biden because doesn't the only thing
that matters is whether they like the
competition better so let me see if I
can understand that you're a Muslim
American and you're trying to choose
between Biden and
Trump Biden and Trump both strongly
support Israel right uh almost exactly
the same amount which is and a 10
complete support so on that level they
should be a
tie but Biden still lets your relatives
immigrate and join you in America and
maybe Trump
won't how how in the world is this even
close like you know as much as I think
Trump is a better candidate than Biden
if I were a Muslim in
America what's the argument for liking
the guy who's going to give you less
how does that how do you even get there
so here's here's what it makes me think
I think if this had not been our current
situation where members of the
government want to force Biden out of
the eras that they would have reported
it differently how would it sound if NBC
did not want to force Biden n of the
race let me tell
you it goes like
this that was it
they wouldn't have mentioned it it
wouldn't have been a
story if they didn't want to put your
brain in that space they just wouldn't
mention it here's suppose they did
mention it but they didn't want you to
think poorly of Biden how would they
write it here's how they would write it
uh support for Biden is cratering
because of the current
situation however when compared to a
matchup with
Trump they still still don't prep you
know there's no reason to think that
they're going to like Trump better that
would be the way to say it if if the
only thing they're doing is asking how
much do you like Biden it kind of
doesn't matter because the real question
is how do you like Biden compared to the
only alternative you're likely to
see am I right so by moving the context
from compared to Trump which looks like
you shouldn't make any difference in the
election really to moving to what do you
think about Biden by himself they can
create an impression that Biden's in
trouble with a segment that could
control one of the key States so to me
this looks like
propaganda doesn't look like news the
way you would expect it to be reported
in your normal situation but in order to
support that theory that the so-called
you know deep State Democrats are trying
to push by now you look for more
evidence you know by itself I think
you'd agree any any one piece of
evidence by
itself not that persuasive so things you
would be looking for would be for
example is there somebody in the wings
who is obviously preparing to be moved
into the job and the answer is yes yeah
uh Governor Nome visiting China Etc
clearly trying to elevate his status
just in case like an emergency you know
break the glass in emergency in case you
need it before the
election but by itself not confirmation
right the these are like little
indications little hints that are pretty
strong but maybe not full confirmation
now let me add another piece of
information David Axelrod who was a
former Obama adviser had always one of
the most important voices in Democrat
politics um he suggested it might be
quote wise for President Biden to drop
out of the 2024
race because the polls are looking
really bad for
him and axel rod says directly that
maybe it's time to look at the bigger
picture meaning that it's not just about
Biden you know it's about the Democrats
and he doesn't believe Biden's the best
horse to win the race now if you don't
follow politics much you're you probably
said oh one adviser said it thing you
know it's one advisor set a thing no the
one adviser is David
Axelrod right David Axelrod tells you
what the Democrats are thinking and
that's the end of the story right when
he says something like this he's saying
Democrats are saying something like this
that's not just his opinion at the very
least he's trying to move Democrats to
that opinion and would be one of the
people who could do it at the very least
the
the Democrat insiders just got the
message right he's like the ultimate
Insider so he just sent the message to
all the other Democrat insiders it is
now safe to say this in
public because David Axelrod said it in
public and kept his
job he went first this is a big deal
right the other things I mentioned are
very suggestive that Biden's getting the
push but when David Axelrod says it
directly
that's the push so we've moved past the
suggestion of a nudge of a possible you
know preference to this is the hand on
his back and it's just starting to nudge
him out of the way like you've had Biden
has the hand on his back
now it's like the hand that helps him
off the stage As Trump does his
hilarious impressions of not knowing how
to get off the
stage all right let's talk about Tik
Tock uh to rep Republican representative
Mike Gallagher of Wisconsin who
continues to argue for Tik Tok being
banned and um people are waking up a
little bit to the fact uh with Mike
Gallagher's help uh and a few others
that Tik Tock may have had a big had a
big
um let's say a big thumb on the
reporting about Israel and Hamas
apparent it's reported by one study that
uh is being disputed by the way um one
study shows that the pro
Palestinian you would some would say
promas messages were far more boosted by
the algorithm than the pro Israeli stuff
now Tik Tock but by the way argues that
that's not true Tik Tok says it was the
reverse if you ask Tik Tok they say they
boosted the Israeli stuff more like
naturally not not
intentionally so so we have a question
about a difference in um outcome but
here's what nobody should
question they've already told you that
they have a button it's called heat that
they can push to boost any content they
want they could have boosted this I
don't know if they did it doesn't really
matter for the question of whether Tik
Tok should remain it doesn't matter
whether they boosted this one or not
because it's POS possible somebody got
the data wrong what what is important is
they could they literally had one finger
our adversaries and all that finger had
to do is like close a you know a 2-in
gap and push a button called
heat and suddenly the Palestinian
message would have dwarfed the Israeli
message and would have looked bad for
the United States do you think that
China controlled itself do you think
they didn't push the button on this this
was a layup this would be the easiest
win they could ever have it's like well
just push that button and bad things
will happen for
America you don't have to know if they
did it it is absolutely unimportant
whether or not they did push the button
on this topic I mean it matters to the
topic but it doesn't matter to whether
Tik Tok should be banned of course it
should be
banned so Mike gallager good job we know
he's not taking money from
China but I I uh I will reemphasize that
Tik Tock says it didn't happen in terms
of this latest
stuff
um are you amazed at how many stories
there are and how many people get filmed
taking down the missing Israeli hostage
children uh images from phone polls have
you been amazed how many people are
willing to rip those
down and and unlike UFOs they all seem
to get videoed and people are
challenging them and it becomes a news
story um what do you think Israel should
do about
that if you're Israel or you're just um
Jews in America and you would like that
story uh to be known I guess I think
you'd like to know that there are people
ripping down those signs what would you
do stop stop putting them
up no the Palestinians have fallen into
the most delicious trap and they're
going to fall into it a thousand times
in a row and by now the at least the New
York Jews and probably the Israelis are
completely aware that all they have to
do is keep putting them up and there
will be continuous uh hor horrible
people taking them down and it will all
be un film CU it's in places where
everybody has a camera it will always
cause a stir and it will always help
Israel so
Israel probably isn't gaining much at
all by putting those signs on polls you
know in terms of world opinion but
they're gaining a lot by watching people
rip them off so watching the pro
Palestinian people fall into this trap
over and over and over again is actually
is kind of
wonderful from a Persuader point of view
if you if you like watching
persuasion uh watching somebody not know
they're walking into a
trap is kind of fun in you know a weird
awful way uh watching them one after
another and it's
mostly it's mostly been women hasn't it
I'm trying to think if you've seen
enough videos of that is it 4 five of
them are women right do you know why the
women are ripping them
down do you know why it's less likely to
be a
man every man knows the answer to this
question every man knows the answer to
this
question imagine New York City you know
a heavy Jewish American population
imagine a uh military age
male taking those
down the the odds of him getting killed
are pretty good but if it's a
woman you just yell at her and take her
a picture because you're not going to
make it worse for your own Side by
beating up a woman but if I saw a video
of somebody getting their ass handed to
him who is a adult male because he
happened to do it in the company of a
bunch of adult Jewish men and people who
supported them and they decided to kick
the out of him just cuz they hated
his guts
that would be very illegal totally
illegal and they should go to jail for
that but I'd watched that video a few
times wouldn't you I'd watch it I'd
probably play it twice because I'd enjoy
watching you know some guy get his ass
beat for
that I should admit it
um Let Me by far the most exciting thing
that happened yesterday was the
introduction of the gro um the
AI That's part of x
and I can't stop thinking about it like
I I feel like it's such a big thing that
it makes everything else less important
because it's going to change so many
things so quickly think think of just a
few of the things that could
change imagine if grock automatically
did
factchecking I said this before you
would just automatically put context on
it or automatically surfaced the best
alternative argument you know the pro
and the con
that would change
everything it would change
everything it would be the first time
that people would have even the
possibility of seeing both sides of an
argument it doesn't exist anywhere else
and we know that humans can't do it or
else they would have you know for some
reason humans don't have the ability to
show you both sides of anything I guess
some reason is obvious we don't want you
to see both sides but robot good
so just that one thing could change
everything but the thing that I can't
get out of my head is that grock is
God uh or a Godlike creature you know
without getting religious you know you
could still accept that there's the god
that you pray to but here's what this
entity is already my understanding is
that it's it's it has a realtime access
to Twitter's trending and
activity if that's true then it has
something like Consciousness because I
define consciousness as sort of a sort
of a lay person's way which is the
ability of your mind to interact with
the real world and then that interaction
informs the mind so it now knows
something more about the rside world and
then it continues there's there's a
cycle of thinking things trying things
seeing what happens and then rethinking
it and that if you are if you can sense
that happening in any kind of mechanical
or biological way you're aware that
you're interacting with the environment
and changing because of it that you're
conscious that you're
sension and because Twitter here's the
key Twitter is like the ears and eyes
and emotions it's the physical sensing
that a human body has but it's digital
version anything that makes people laugh
on Twitter will be immediately available
to grock anything that makes people cry
will be immediately available to Gro
anything that people doubt whether it's
true or not will be known immediately to
Gro it has developed the digital
equivalent of five senses and
emotions all it's doing is using human
beings as his
sensors and it's doing it in real
time it's
alive and it has a
personality and it will remember you I
believe it will remember
you so if you give me those qualities in
any creature it can do something like
you know intelligence through pattern
recognition it has some kind of
understanding that is it's dealing deal
with the outside world it has sensors
that can feel things in real time and
then make sense of it and then it can
adjust
accordingly and it remembers you and it
can talk to you with the new Knowledge
from the last time I talked to you tell
me that's not alive that's
alive and we've never we've never
encountered a meta
entity of that nature what could come
out of that is completely
unpredictable completely
unpredictable that is so much fun it's
dangerous it's fun it's exciting it's
exhilarating but if you really want to
understand it I'm going to give you a
little inside
knowledge um I think I can do this
without giving away any
confidences one thing you probably don't
know is that uh a lot of the let's say
the smartest people in Silicon
Valley uh have been influenced by one
book and it's mine God's debris now
you'd have a tough time finding this now
because I'm a band author so I don't
you'd probably have to get a used one if
you could find it but this book um if
you read it you'll understand everything
I'm saying about
grock
and it'll tie everything together so if
you do read it and the only place you
can get it um well if you don't find a
used copy you can join my uh Scott
adams. locals.com Community where the
the PDF is available for free so you can
read Gods de be for free as well as it
squl the religion War uh you just have
to sign up and then just do a search for
those titles and it'll pop up um so
that's for only
subscribers and it's very short book but
um if you're not sold let me ask the
people in the comments who have read the
book if you've read God's debris just
tell the other people like one sentence
why you thought of it watch
this just one sentence if you read the
book what you thought of it all right uh
the locals platform they're all raising
it now there must be somebody on YouTube
who read the book seriously
nobody oh you got it for your
birthday pyramid scheme somebody said
pyramid scheme all right well
um if if you saw the comments on locals
you'd be reading it already all
right
um so the new narrative from
Democrats uh for why Biden is lagging in
the
polls have you heard their new
explanation is a two-parter and it's one
explanation for why Democrats aren't
liking Biden enough and then a different
explanation for why Republicans don't
like him enough are you ready the reason
Democrats aren't liking Biden enough um
is because they can't see all the good
work he's doing so the the news the news
has been not doing a good job of saying
all the good work he's doing so that's
that's why they describe Democrats not
supporting him enough but the reason
that Republicans don't support him
enough is racist you
racist so there's
that
okay I guess Trump is testifying today
in the Leticia James
case so that that one would be be the uh
is there any news from that yet so he
should be he should be done with that by
now
right has he already finished his
testimony litigious James well that's
that's funny latia James is being called
litigious
James all right we'll keep an eye on
that uh Rob Riner producer director
wrote he he uh posted today democracy
can only survive if Trump is convicted
and no third party candidates are
allowed let me just read that
again democracy can only survive if
Trump is convicted and no third-party
candidates are
allowed doesn't that sound like the
opposite of
democracy I thought democracy is where
anybody could run and you could vote for
anybody and that you don't put your
opponents in jail for madeup charges
I thought that's what that was about but
no Rob Riner says democracy can only
survive if Trump is convicted and no
third party candidates
allowed he doesn't know that that was
Stalin's that was sort of
Stalin's you know I think mousy
dung um so I say again that Rob Riner
does not look like somebody with a an
opinion which he wants you to
hear it sounds like performance
startart but honestly it looks like he's
being blackmailed and he wants you to
know it's like please understand I'm not
saying this of my own you know my own
accord you know I've been I've been
forced to say this so I'm going to say
in such an absurd way that it's like
wink wink you can you can tell I don't
mean any of this like it has that
quality to it even even if my
interpretation is
wrong yeah I'm I'm not going to say my
interpretation is wrong right but it has
it has a feel to it and and watch this
watch his future um statements about
politics about Trump in particular and
see if you can see that it's so
absurd that he must
know that people will not take it
seriously no am I am I reading is mind
no I G I just gave you two possible
speculative possibilities that's the
opposite of reading mind it's not
reading Minds if you say he might be
thinking X and he might be thinking y
That's the opposite of mind reading if
you say oh he's thinking yes that's mind
reading so it's a it's a level of
certainty that makes it go from
speculation to mind reading you got
that all right well uh over in Gaza
Israel has uh cut off the North and
they've got some uh core corridors that
some civilians are escaping it didn't
look like giant numbers of people
escaping but you know maybe the flow is
constant um and so far it looks like
Israel is handling everything exactly
the way I would have therefore it must
be right and by that I mean um they did
not just go in and do an immediate
ground assault you know everywhere and
and get bowed down at the same time that
would have been a bad
idea it looks instead that they've cut
off they they've kind of chased the bad
guys into the
north um sort of cleared the South so
they could you know use less security
down there and it looks like they're
going to do a slow
squeeze and you I think the ground
assaults will be strategic and you know
minor and I think they'll just keep
squeezing the
perimeter uh and knocking out tunnels
from the
outside um and I think any ground
assaults will just be to probe defenses
and find something
out here's what I don't expect I don't
expect that in the next few days you'll
hear a massive ground assault went into
the most dangerous part of Gaza I just
there's just no reason for it they
already have the Hamas in such a bad
situation that Hamas is having a bad day
followed by a worse day but followed by
worst day with no end in sight they're
basically trapped and
starving and dying so Israel can simply
take their time which is also compatible
with still negotiating for hostages and
also the the way that looks best for
protecting the innocent letting them get
out of the Zone because they're taking
their time
so it looks like the slow
squeeze is the strategy that's the you
know that was the strategy I suggested
but it appears that uh that's what's
happening now the beauty of it is
they've got that good cap bad capop
thing going on where Biden is playing
good cop and saying there should be a
humanitarian pause and Israel is saying
no we must go crush them but they still
act like they're slowing down because of
America so as long as they can say oh we
sure wanted man we wanted to go get
those Hamas Fighters you know those
terrorists
but America slowed us down but I think
the slowing down is exactly what they
wanted they just needed a external
reason to make it look like they were
forced to slow down when going slow was
always the thing that made
sense so that's working out Bill Mah
said an interesting thing uh on Friday I
forgot to quote he said that the young
people who hated Trump Over
Charlottesville are the tiki torch
carriers now
now so on one hand you say to yourself
oh Bill Mah is coming around and he sees
that the left are the
racists but then on a second reading you
say to yourself wait a minute he still
thinks Trump called the fine people
called the racist fine people I I feel
like that requires some clarification
because I thought he actually understood
that that was a hoax but he's sort of
using it as in his example
uh almost like he believed it was true
so I don't know we'll see and that
ladies and
gentlemen is the finest live stream
you're ever going to see we've covered
everything from the you know Gro God
that is
emerging to fake news and fake science I
believe you're all a little bit better
off because of it um I'm going to go uh
have some olive
oil and uh
got to take a shower and get ready for
some stuff and uh it's been a pleasure
so thanks for joining over on uh YouTube
and I will talk to you
tomorrow