boom bum bum bum bum bum bum bum pone
hello everybody
if you're like me and why wouldn't you
be really you already have your beverage
hello kitten hello jack
and if you have your beverage you know
what time it is it's time for coffee
with Scott Adams and the simultaneous
sip yes I did get a haircut not a good
one but I did get a haircut
are you ready oh well what do we want to
talk about first Roseanne or the portal
to Hell that I opened up in my Twitter
feed quite accidentally let's uh let's
start with Roseanne some of you know
that I have supported various comedians
who have gotten in trouble for things I
said under the under the principle that
comedians are comedians and jokes are
jokes I defended Kathy Griffin when she
showed the severed head of President
Trump
offensive mistake yes funny I didn't
think so was it meant to be a joke yes
let's get over it move on likewise the
was it Michelle wolf who did the routine
at the at the the whatever dinner that
was the the one who insulted Sarah
Huckabee Sanders and the jokes were not
funny to me
but other people laughed they were in
the form of jokes they were told by a
professional humorist
I got over it pretty quickly so now we
have Roseanne who is in deep trouble and
keep in mind that the - I just defended
and have consistently defended
were people on the left so now Rosie um
does something which we must all disavow
for its offensiveness and it's as some
people said our racial undertones well
let's talk about it a little bit
so once we've started by disavowing it
then we're all good people right so you
you disavow it I disavow it we're all
just of ours and I'll give you my
thoughts on it the first thought is that
I don't like to be associated with the
team whose approach is you know you the
way you look at cetera all right so the
whole notion of going after the person
instead of the idea is just such a
gigantic mistake
so forget about you know before we even
talk don't forget about but before we
even talk about the racial aspect of
Roseanne's joke why are we doing this
now why why are we going after people
individually instead of their ideas it's
just it's just not helpful it doesn't
help the person who does it it doesn't
help the people it's done too
it's just nothing but angry so I
disagree with everybody from Kathy
Griffin to Roseanne for going after
individuals without any regard to what's
the point what's the policy what's the
real problem here says my first problem
the second problem is that in order for
you to be mad at Roseanne at least mad
enough for her to lose your job and and
all that you have to make a certain
assumption do you know what that
assumption is go ahead what is it what
is the assumption you have to make
that's not in evidence an assumption you
have to make about Roseanne in order for
you to be mad at her for this
now it has it has nothing to do with the
joke actually you have to assume she's
racist well actually that's that's a
pretty good answer that's not what I was
going for here's the assumption you have
to make you have to make the following
assumption that when she was preparing
that tweet her mental state was
something like this I'm gonna send this
tweet
people are gonna certainly see this as
racist ah that's okay
now do you think that's a valid
assumption that that Roseanne was
thinking well here's yeah this is
clearly racist that's why I'm saying it
I don't see anything wrong with it bad I
have a I have a brand new TV show what
could go wrong saying an overt obvious
racist thing on Twitter now in order to
make that assumption which is not in
evidence right what's in evidence is
that she did something that was hugely
offensive I found it offensive
most people found her defensive a
hundred percent of people will agree it
was offensive but the second part I mean
the offensive part is objective meaning
that even if people subjectively are
offended we can observe them say oh that
guy he's offended that person is
offended so the offensive part is in
evidence no doubt about that but was she
thinking of it oh and and also the fact
that people are offended because of the
racial element to it so these things are
in in evidence they're in fact but the
part that makes it the big problem is
they have to read their mind you have to
read Roseanne's mind and imagine
something insanely unlikely happened in
order for your your mental model of this
whole situation to even make sense right
and that has to be that she was actually
sitting there saying yes
I know this tweet is racial I'm going to
send it anyway well it was racial in the
sense that she mentioned the now
actually she didn't mention race at all
but everybody saw it that way right so
separating how people saw it because we
all saw it the same way yeah we all I
think everybody who saw it said uh-oh
there's racial undertones to this that's
bad but do you think she was thinking
that when she sent it well let me ask
you how many of you think she was
thinking of her tweet in racial terms
when she sent it which doesn't excuse it
by the way it's completely not excused i
disavow it you dismount but in her mind
how many of you think she was thinking
ah this is racist this will be funny
funny in a racist way somebody said
probably not I would say a million to
one against it you know nothing's
impossible right but it's sort of like a
million to one against it because not
only would she not do that but nobody
would do that so in order to have the
view that is the common view of this
situation you have to assume something
that's not an evidence it is nearly
impossible well
impossible is too strong it's so
unlikely that anybody would make that
set of decisions now here's the second
part Roseanne once it was pointed out to
her how people were accepting what she
thought was a joke
she apologized publicly and in her
apology she said that you know she
understood it was offensive
so she understood the problem she
apologized
she apologized to everybody who was
offended she apologized
with what I what I took to be sincerity
why do I think it was sincerity well
again I can't read her mind but let me
let me ask you if your impression is the
same as mine do any of you have an
impression of Rose
and that she ever shades her personal
opinion in other words do you feel that
Roseanne whether you like or don't like
her whether you like her message or
don't like it do you feel she ever says
something that she doesn't mean she's
not really that person right she seems
to be the person who his biggest problem
is that she does say what's on her mind
she doesn't have a problem of not being
straight with the public is that fair to
say so she has very long credible
history of not being full of crap that
she says things that she thinks even if
you don't agree with him all right so to
me it looked sincere it was public it
happened immediately she shared an
understanding of what the problem was as
apologies go it was complete would you
agree would you agree that the apology
was complete she apologized to the
public she apologized to the target she
did it quickly publicly I saw sincerity
in it because of her credibility
you know she she's a straight shooter in
that sense and here's what she didn't do
she did not do anything like I'm doing
right now which is yeah but I was
thinking this or you know you shouldn't
have been offended you didn't see any of
that did you it was a straight timely
complete apology here's my question to
you do you want to live in the world
where a person who makes an honest
mistake offends people apologizes for it
completely in exactly the form that
everybody likes to see apologies quickly
publicly everything there do you want to
live in the world where that person
loses their job because and here's the
key part of something you imagined she
was thinking when she wrote the tweet
that is almost certainly not true do you
want to live in that world
I don't write and I and I would apply
this to anybody if somebody offended me
as much as low and and let's be honest
the amount of offense that the Roseann
cost I received probably a hundred times
over just yesterday on Twitter just a
typical Tuesday on Twitter right so on
Twitter people are massively offending
people all day long that's sort of what
it is now if somebody you know
theoretically offended me and it's
pretty hard for me to be offended one of
the downsides of being a professional
humorist
is that we don't get offended and so
it's harder for us to see other people
getting offended in other words all
people who work in humor we tend to get
more jaded and edgy because you're if
you're dealing with humor all the time
you need a you need a bigger fix you
know you just need a little edgier stuff
than the normal public does and
sometimes it's easy to forget overshoot
that's just me the rest of the public
can't handle this level of you know I'll
say edginess or offensiveness depending
on your point of view so it's easy to
make that mistake I've made a million
times but if somebody did this to me
what I want to live in a world where as
sincere quick perfect apology isn't good
enough I don't want to live in that
world so ABC I think I agree with the
you know pretty much everybody I've
heard talked about this ABC I will not
criticize their decision there are
business and businesses make decisions
based on how their public will respond I
can't say that was a wrong decision from
the shareholders point of view I don't
know but it's there a decision to make
and I don't second-guess it but I don't
want to live in the world the ABC just
created
right do you do you want to live in that
world where an apology isn't good enough
and again I applied the same thing to
Kathy Griffin I don't remember if she
ever apologized or not now let me take
this to the next level how many times
have people asked how many times had
people asked President Trump to
apologize for being offensive and how
many times has he apologized well
depending on how you count you might say
there was that one time he almost
apologized for that thing but not quite
but basically president Trump doesn't
apologize for offensive things that
other people have cooked up in their
head he also doesn't he doesn't
apologize for things he actually said
either and people say to me well that's
you know isn't that crazy
you should apologize when you offend
people and I always remind them if
President Trump apologized for offending
people there wouldn't be time to do
anything else because somebody is always
offended you you couldn't you couldn't
you couldn't make enough time in your
schedule to apologize to all the people
who demand it
so I've I've suggested that President
Trump strategy of never apologizing
first of all keeps him looking like a
stronger force which is good for you
know branding and and how he deals with
the rest of the world he just looks
stronger that way and secondly it's just
now practical because everybody would be
asking for apologies all day and you
know what happens if you do apologize
what do people say if you do apologize
they say it wasn't good enough and
you're still fired by ABC what was the
point don't ask for an apology ever
again if Roseanne can't keep her job
after that apology do you get it don't
ever talk to me again anybody about
anybody apologizing for anything ever
again
apologizing no longer works because
you know both the left and the right I
think they're about equally guilty in
different ways you know folks have
created a world where a sincere apology
to what is clearly an accidental offense
you know as she knew it Roseann knew
what she was doing when she tweeted she
and it was offensive in one way I can't
believe that she intentionally sent it
knowing that it would be received the
way it was it wouldn't it didn't help
her a bit stop asking for apologies if
you're not going to accept them all
right so that's my thing with Roseanne
and and other people said limit then let
me take it to another level to get
myself in trouble because I haven't been
in trouble lately so people said hey
that wasn't a joke well here again I'm a
professional humorist Roseanne does
jokes for a living the basic setup of
the joke is person looks like the you
know the the the result of you know this
marries this it's the most common joke
you'll ever see on Twitter what is what
is the thing you see all the time how
many how many times have I done it I've
said for example that clapper and
Brennan look like those two Muppets you
know the old guys Muppets now do clapper
and Brennan actually look like those
Muppets no they don't actually look like
the Muppets it's just funny because
here's what makes it funny for those of
you who need your humor explain to you
the reason that it's funny to compare
clapper and Brennan to those two Muppets
the old man Muppets is because
simultaneously they they remind you of
each other but they don't look like them
if they looked just like them it
wouldn't be as funny it's because it
doesn't look like him but it still
reminds you of them but it's that
incongruity that makes it funny I'll
tell you another one
President Trump is not actually a Cheeto
Jesus if you looked at President Trump
you would see nothing that's actually
like a Cheeto except in a vague way the
color of his hair and he's not really
very close to Jesus in terms of how he
looks or acts but when you say Cheeto
Jesus about Trump it's immediately funny
because you can see it is true even
though there's nothing like that that
actually looks like him that's what
makes it funny
it's funny because he's not that let me
give you another one
people have compared Mitch McConnell to
a turtle now if you were to look at an
actual picture of a turtle and a picture
of Mitch McConnell and you go you know
point by point you say okay there's
actually nothing about him that does
look like a turtle except the kind that
does look like a turtle so the fact that
he doesn't really look like a turtle but
you still see it is what makes it funny
right it's the incongruity there that
you're trying to hold to thoughts that
can't both be true at the same time I
joked before that the best insult I saw
about myself on the Internet
was somebody said I looked like a toilet
brush with a mouth and I think that's
before I got my hair cut so my if you
imagine you know my my silvery gray hair
being a little bushier and then somebody
said hey you look like a toilet brush
with the mouth now if you were at put me
next to an actual toilet brush even if
you add in the mouth you would say okay
you know there's nothing actually that
looks like that but you still see it
that's what makes it funny
that I don't look like a toilet brush
with a mouth but you can still kind of
feel it right that's the vibe so that
style of joke is both hilarious and
common and the most you know ordinary
thing you'd ever see on the Internet so
if you're asking me was this a joke well
it's a professional comedian telling
something that's in the format of a joke
which indeed made some people laugh
that's as close as you can get to a joke
as as anything but was it also carrying
a political message yes sometimes you
can have two variables it was a joke
carrying a message a political message
she doesn't apparently Roseanne has some
problem with Valerie Jarrett I don't
even know what it is
so why can't something be two things it
could be a joke the carried a message
it's also offensive it could be three
things all right that's enough about
Roseanne I don't want to live in a world
where an apology for a fence it's not
good enough do you well let me let me
just ask that do you want to live in the
world where Roseanne can't make an
apology and still keep her job I don't
so I promised I would tell you about my
portal to Hell that I opened up in
Twitter I mentioned this a little bit
yesterday but it just got worse and
worse so I was responding to and I've
deleted all the tweets because I had to
close the portal portal to Hell I spend
as much time as I can looking at both
sides of the political spectrum you know
I I make make sure I'm sampling heavily
from both sides but but lucky of CNN is
still the the cleaned up version of you
know that that point of view will you
actually see you know the actual demons
coming through the portal and here I'm
talking about these citizens who came on
Twitter to to attack me it's a whole
different level of and then I'm gonna be
careful with my language you from my
worldview the the movie I'm in they look
like demons coming through a portal in
hell because they're not rational and
they're just angry and evil
they don't even they don't register
entirely as human the least on Twitter
because you don't see faces and stuff
you just see their ideas yeah you know
if it were true that there were actual
demons in the world you know that sort
of lived among us then you know these
would be them and they came after me
hard and of course the thing they came
after me which made made it more
frustrating is that I had done a reply
to somebody but the way Twitter is
organized it looks like I was replying
to the the top comment and the thread
instead of the commenter and I could
have deleted the top person's name from
the thread but I didn't I was lazy and
that caused the top commenter to comment
back to me and as people said and I
quote tole you got owned dude dude you
got owned so hard
hahaha that's what it looks like they
get oh oh and demon after demon came
through the portal they were all the the
dáil demon a whole type and they all
said man you got owned now I would have
been owned had I been talking to the
person if they thought I was talking to
and had her response to me made any
sense because I wasn't talking to her in
the first place if any of that if any of
the things they thought happened had had
actually happened then man I certainly
would have been owned so they were the
demons that came to the portal were were
creating this movie in their mind in
which I had done something that quite
obviously didn't happen and is easy to
demonstrate because you just click on
the tweet and you look at the first name
and you can see who I was responding to
you can also see what that person said
and you can see how my response to that
person was completely in context and it
wouldn't make sense that I would have
responded to that another person sorry
to make that story so boring so
yeah if you're explaining you're losing
that is exactly right so I was in this
no-win situation where I was completely
demonstrably correct meaning that my
case was right there on Twitter you
could actually just look at it it was
obvious that what I was saying was true
and people still not people the demons
kept saying after I pointed out that it
was obvious that they were mistaken
how do demons from hell respond when you
show them look just click on the tweet
and you can see that you're wrong I'm
just replying to that other guy did they
say oh I see
I guess my comment didn't make sense
because now that I see that you were
replying to somebody else did they say
that no they did not they said something
more like this sure Scott I was replying
to the other person nice try
onde you got owned so that's what I was
dealing with much of yesterday so I
ended up deleting those tweets just so I
don't have to look at them anymore but
do you know what happens when you delete
your tweet in which everything you did
was right and everything your critics
did was actually talking about the wrong
point do they say oh it's smart to
delete that so you didn't have to deal
with those demons coming through the
portal no they don't
he deleted this tweet we'll go to the
Wayback Machine we'll take a picture
that it's coming back it's coming back
that's what happens when you delete your
tweets so I'm expecting that later today
now here's the other thing that was sort
of the two movies on one screen
situation the thing that kicked it off
is I had I had noted some successes of
the Trump administration things like
North Korea is going well and Isis is
beaten down and the economy was raging
now I thought and let me check this with
you I thought that those three items
were not in question in the other movie
and I don't know how I miss this because
I think I've been watching CNN and even
CNN says the economy is doing well right
yeah I'm not wrong about that right even
MSNBC says the economy is doing well I
don't think I'm imagining that am i but
if you talk to the demons who come
through the portal they say that my
claim that the Trump economy is doing
great is false because of two reasons
all right
here's why they say Trump does not get
credit for the good economy two reasons
number one it's not good that the
economy right now is actually bad
because the the debt is high and it's
slowing down and you know five other
reasons all right so the reason number
one Trump doesn't get credit is that the
economy now is actually terrible reason
number two that Trump doesn't get credit
for the economy is that Obama gets the
credit
did you get that let me say it in the
voice of Dale so it makes more sense
well I got two problems with you Scotty
look Scotty I know where you think this
good economy has something to do with a
president hole
you're owned you're owned but two
problems the economy is actually
terrible and Obama gets credit for it
wait that made sense right because Obama
was great with the economy and
everything he did was really good so but
the economy is bad now I know I'm mad
but I'm no longer sure why well anyway
there's no piece of North Korea
ha ha ha ha ha I can't believe you think
that President Trump did something with
North Korea do you see any peace or is
peace I don't see the piece you see
peace owned you got old now
sure enough the North Korea situation is
far from solved but can you really watch
somebody says you did get owned over a
little uh so some of the demons have
made it over onto onto the periscope
hello demons from hell Inman and by the
way I don't mean to I don't mean to be
dismissive of the demons because keep in
mind in their movie you're the demons
all right
so there are demons from the portal of
Hell in both of our different movies
except in their movie I'm the diamond
and in my movie they're the diamond and
don't even make sense so but can you
really look at North Korea and see the
pictures of Kim jong-un
hugging president moon like their
they're getting ready to kiss like their
and apparently there's you know very
clear indications that the the summit is
going forward because we must be at
least close to a deal have we ever been
this close and have we ever been talking
in such a friendly congenial manner to
say that there has been no progress or
that we're not well let me put it in
more stark terms I said that we already
have peace with North Korea is that not
fair
your wouldn't wouldn't you say that if
you're looking at it you know this month
that we are literally at peace you know
not technically in terms of maybe the
paperwork but we're not threatening them
we're saying let's go to lunch does that
look like war was there Everett was
there ever a real point with you know in
any other war where we said to Saddam
Hussein hey you Saddam once you come
over for a hug you know I know things
have been bad in the past but let's just
let's just hug it out let's maybe have a
meeting talk about how we could work
things out and by the way Saddam
we'd like to invest a lot of money in
your country nothing like that ever
happened because that was a freaking war
whatever is happening with North Korea
right now could turn into a war it
certainly was more war like not long ago
just a few months ago but right now
right now does that look like war or
does that look like peace I've never
seen anything that looked like more like
peace of my life how do you miss that
how does that look like bad news it's a
strange world all right and then the
argument that Isis is not defeated
well if you have to take the point that
Isis has clearly been you know largely
you had I want to choose my word
correctly so Isis's physical territory
ambitions have been essentially
obliterated they exist as an idea and
they've got they've got training camps
and Yemen or whatever so they're not
defeated as an ideology but to say that
nothing good happened in terms of the
fight against Isis it's sorta crazy
right now I'd like to back up to the
question of who gets credit for a good
economy during any presidents
administration now people are saying
that anything good that happened in the
Trump administration is because
President Obama did such a good job you
know getting it there it's just a
continuation of his success to which I
say how far do you take that chain of
cause and effect back doesn't George
Washington get the credit because he
sort of got the ball rolling you know
that the economy has largely gone up
since the founding of the Republic you
know we've had if you don't count you
know world depression which you know it
was sort of an outlier and a couple of a
couple of pull backs but basically the
economy is just going up forever at what
point do you say do you go back and say
well you know without James Polk none of
this would happen the other thing that's
making me crazy is that the demons from
the portal of Hell are now good at
comparing things and I think I think I'm
seeing somebody doing it in the comments
let me let me explain some math
President Obama inherited an economy
that was on the brink of destruction
it was beaten down like you rarely see
an economy beaten down now when you're
on the bottom the gains that you get are
the big gains the easy gains because
you're coming off a base I give
President Obama high grades for
navigating a very tricky situation from
the
the the precipice you know the edge to a
solid base that he handed off to
President Trump I give him full credit
for that I think that's I think history
will be kind to him for that but when
you reach something closer to full
employment you don't want to keep going
at that same rate in other words if we
had the same you know the same let's say
stock market increase the same amount of
you know activity economic activity as
we had coming out of the bottom if you
had that same rate at the top that would
be bad because you would get overheated
you'd you'd you know nobody could hire
people you know where would you hire
people we're already close to full
employment in economic terms by the way
the term full employment doesn't mean
zero unemployment it's somewhere around
where it is now
somewhere around four-ish percent you
economists say that's full employment
because there's always a little bit of
people in between jobs but they can get
jobs easily so if you're an employer
you're almost certainly gonna have to
pay more higher wages because it's gonna
be hard to get employees you can have to
bribe them to work for you people said
but there have been no increases in
people's real wages depending on what
stats you look or how you slice it you
could say that that's true or it's not
true or it was more under Obama or
whatever but the fact is that with
employment this good and growth this
strong you almost have to get higher
wages and if you don't I'm not sure
that's the problem of the president
right if if the if the mechanism of
economics just stops working for some
reason that wouldn't be any president's
problem right the president's job is to
talk the economy up to a high growth
rate get it get it employment as good as
you can and then you know try to enjoy
the benefits all right
ah alright and then I'm also seeing
complaints that all Trump did was drive
up the national debt and you know
because he's driving up the debt that's
a failure you know that we're whatever
economic benefits were seeing are really
just because he borrowed so much money
to get it done and here's the thing I
asked who was the beneficiary of the
debt so before we talk about who has to
pay off the debt which is a more
complicated question than any of us can
handle who is the beneficiary of the
debt where did where was the money spent
what do you think give me your answer
the so we took on debt to create money
that got spent on stuff yeah it seems to
me that our money was spent on military
yeah the big the big ticket items
military you know social programs health
care the poor so it seems to me that the
country borrowed to take care of the
people who need it most
and the military you could argue about
what's the right amount of funding but
you can't argue the fact that everybody
is better off with it with a military
that can keep us safe so the first thing
is now who pays the back but who got the
benefit of the money in the first place
and I would say that that that was
pretty well distributed and it probably
was more concentrated with the lower
class I would think now you say to
yourself but the tax breaks went to the
rich so here's a here's the fun question
to ask your next get-together let's say
you're talking to somebody you know it
doesn't even matter if you're talking to
some
on the left of the right I think this
works either way so you say to somebody
you know do you think that taxes should
be fair and of course most people say
yeah should be fair you know that
doesn't mean that you pay the same
amount that I pay right because there
are lots of different variables you know
you might want to progress in etc but
everybody wants a system that's fair so
here's the trick question are you ready
for it so you say yeah I guess we all
want a fair tax system how do you
measure fairness is it in the dollar
amount or the percentage of your income
that you pay do you see the trick
question there so let's see your answer
so what do you think is a fair tax right
everybody pays the same percentage or
everybody pays the same dollar amount
[Music]
yeah I think if you asked the people on
the right are probably a little more
likely to say they'd like a flat tax but
is it fair that a billionaire pays 10%
and a person who's barely scraping by
pays 10% because that 10% for the person
who's barely scraping by is all the
money they had left is that fair so some
of you say yes now it's I guess I think
I'm learning here by your answers that
this would be funnier if you asked
somebody on the left because I guarantee
you that they will pick one of those
answers they'll either say dollar amount
or percentage and they'll almost
certainly say percentage because that
just feels fair and the moment they say
that you can point out that that's not
even their own preferred plan because
the idea is that rich people high pay
both a bigger higher bigger percentage
and a higher dollar amount that's their
own preferred plan so see how many
people you can trap in
to say that they agree with fairness
means the same percentage or the same
dollar amount because neither though
neither them is what people on the Left
think is fair all right yeah if we talk
about taxes will go down the rabbit hole
too deeply so I had that was my
experience with the opening the portal
from hell we're definitely in different
movies and there's some terrible
terrible people in the world and I don't
want to live in a world where offending
people and then apologizing isn't good
enough all right what else is happening
I understand that Kim Kardashian is
going to be visiting the White House
talking to president Trump maybe today
and that she might ask for a pardon for
62 year old grandmother who went to jail
for a long time on a drug offense and in
the context of reading about that I read
an article and maybe you can confirm
whether this is true or not and for some
reason and I blame myself for not
knowing this oh can you confirm that
this is true
so in this article I read is said that
Jeff Sessions changed the what would you
call it the the guidelines on sentencing
for relatively minor drug crimes and my
understanding is that Jeff Sessions made
the the charging for minor drug crimes
worse you know more more aggressive than
under the Obama administration which had
guidelines that said you know be easy on
this stuff is that true
can somebody confirm that that's
actually true
all right so so one yes if it's true and
and those of you who seem to know or say
yes
somebody said about to flip yes
sessions has to go so that reason alone
is disqualifying and I want to I want to
put this in context for you some of you
remember that I've I've said
consistently positive things about the
Obama presidency in general while I
criticize criticize individual things
same is with President Trump I can I can
say it's looking good in general but I
can criticize individual things my
biggest problem with Obama and the
reason that I briefly blogged back I
think when he was running for
re-election that Romney was a better
choice even if you didn't know anything
about Romney in other words I said
Romney is the only person running that
was my argument my blog because Obama
had flipped on what he wanted to do
about cannabis selling places in
California he campaigned on we're gonna
leave him alone and then without
explaining why he said no we're gonna go
hard at these dispensaries in California
that are legal in California but not
legal under federal law and which why I
said you either have to explain why you
changed your mind or we must be left
with the assumption that you've been
bought by you know whoever the private
private pretty private prison lobby
maybe the the alcohol lobby maybe some
big donor who doesn't like cannabis
maybe we don't we don't know but under
the situation where he made a major
change in policy that had an impact on
my state and didn't explain and there's
no other rational way to explain it
other than he got bought I can
that disqualifying so likewise if it's
true that Jeff Sessions changed the
guidelines for minor drug claims to make
them worse he's gotta go if it's true
that President Trump is on the same side
with that I need to find out if this is
really true and I'd need to see how this
fits in the context of the there's some
prison reform which I understand does
not include mandatory sentencing
I believe Jared's argument is first you
get the prison reform and you know the
the idea with prison reform is that
people would get credits for training
themselves in in jail for things that
would allow them to get you know gainful
employment after jail so it's a way to
ease people into a productive life after
jail and they can get less jail time for
that and I believe Jared's argument is
that if you get that part right it's
easier to make the argument that you
should reduce the mandatory sentencing
because you know this is a way to reduce
it you know it's all part of the same
package I'm not convinced I'm not
convinced somebody needs to make an
argument that sessions and by definition
Trump have made the right decision on
minor on sentencing for minor drug
crimes
it looks disqualifying to me right to me
now I don't think there's really given
that given the president Trump has a
history of being you know very anti drug
and giving that sessions has an even
longer history of being a hard-ass on
drugs when those two people act hard on
drugs that may be that they think that's
the right thing to do which is a
different situation from Obama
who clearly put a policy in place that
was the opposite of his previous policy
and was inconsistent with his own his
own philosophy which indeed he turned
back to in his second term he actually
went back to his original stance of
leaving the dispensaries alone so I
guess I would be a little less hard on
someone who's at least been
philosophically consistent even though
they're completely wrong
probably in my idea in my in my view
Obama was not consistent with his own
promises or his own philosophy and
didn't explain it in that case you have
to assume money was involved if it
wasn't a simple explanation it would
have been fine that's all it would have
taken to change my mind something like I
thought about it and here's my reason
that's it I don't even have to agree
with the reason I just have to say yeah
that's a reason oh so so the Trump
administration is simply somebody just
said there all they're doing is saying
if it's a law we're going to enforce it
so they're just across the board
whatever the law is we'll just enforce
it that's not good enough it really
isn't
you know that the laws are designed to
be managed by people and people can you
know make reasonable decisions to say oh
this this is this law isn't helping us
as much as they should so in these cases
we'll we'll go easy all right
this is Congress's job
it's Congress's job to make the laws but
you know some I've made this argument
before a if police officer has a lot of
leeway about you know who to arrest and
you know maybe somebody's an informant
maybe somebody did something that's
technically against the law but didn't
mean it or it was no big deal you don't
want to ruin their whole life so I think
we're happier when the when the police
have a little bit of judgment involved
when the when the courts use a little
bit of judgment and when when the
Justice Department uses a little bit of
judgment on things I I think that's a
healthier situation even though the law
has to be obeyed humans are involved you
know a little bit of wiggle room is okay
what's your history with drug laws
friends or family my history is I've
seen people whose lives even currently
are completely destroyed by drugs but
they usually opioid types I haven't seen
anybody that I know go to jail for a
drug charge if I thought about it I
might be able to think of somebody but I
can't think of any yeah so I I know
personally of course I know a number of
addicts what happened to zachary stoner
in chicago last week
wake up I never heard that name I don't
know that story
you don't know any addicts how do you if
somebody just said that they don't know
any addicts do you think that's true
do you think there's somebody in the
well I'm assuming you're in the United
States but it might be wrong do you
think there's anybody in the United
States who doesn't know any addicts you
know what that means right of course you
know addicts you just don't know they're
addicts you know if you're me people
know they can tell me pretty much
anything and I'm not going to judge them
you know I'm not going to turn them in
I'm not going to judge them I'm not
going to be talking about it so I get to
hear things that other people aren't
hearing because they're judgmental or
whatever so in my world people are just
Ellickson addicts and have every problem
in the world only because they're
willing to tell me because they know I'm
not going to judge them for it yeah
many are hiding the ribbond addictions
so I think that's all I had for today
what is your prediction for the IG
report I don't have one I think that's a
wait and see oh here's what I wanted to
say so there's a story about immigrant
illegal immigrant children being
separated from their parents and people
quite quite understandably are shocked
and aghast that children can be
separated from their parents and as a
human being I certainly get every part
of that right you know that just you can
hear that parents separated from their
children and it's it reaches us at like
sort of the depth you know I'm not even
a biological parent but even even I can
feel it just as a human being it's like
oh my god that's
that's the worst thing but but there's
something missing in the conversation
what was the alternative and I kept
waiting for somebody say yes it's
terrible that they're separating
children from fit from parents here's
the good alternative is there one if
there's a good alternative I'm all over
it and if there's a good alternative
what the hell are we doing but I haven't
heard one have you dude but we don't
really send them all back together right
don't we so if somebody robs a bank and
they bring their children along doesn't
the parent go to jail and the children
get separated because the children don't
go to jail but I don't know what the
alternative is somebody says not use a
kennel
I think the camel pictures were from an
entirely different situation send them
back together boat that's not what we do
right
don't when we first catch them do we do
we if we if you catch a family do you
actually put them in a van and the van
starts driving toward the border how
does that work and do we have jails that
our family jails should we build family
jails that are like a little one-room
apartment so you can put the whole
family in there including the kids
should the kids go to jail yeah I mean
temporarily until you until you deport I
suppose so here's the thing I feel it
when anybody says separating kids from
the parents is is bad I have all the
same feelings but I'd like to see the
alternative and I don't know I haven't
heard it because there must be an
alternative
I saw a stefan molyneux x' tweet this
morning it's somewhat related he said
there were twenty six billion dollars in
remittances money paid by Mexican
citizens mostly who live legally
illegally in the United States they're
they're paying back into Mexico to
supportive families I suppose mostly and
there was twenty six billion between
whatever months he's specified but it
was just a part of the year and Stefan's
point was it's like Mexico is just
begging us to tax it and is it ready is
there a problem with that plan because
it seems to me we that the president
would have already suggested that
specifically if that was a practical
plan it's exactly the sort of thing that
the president would say even if you even
if it was you know just sort of
spitballing it's like I will do this or
we'll do that I don't believe he's ever
mentioned it can anybody you fact check
me on that has the president ever
specifically mentioned taxing
remittances and if not is there some
good reason for that what's the somebody
saying flip-flop a hundred times so I'm
gonna block you just for saying the same
thing over and over some people saying
he has and other people saying he has
not so if people are saying he has and
other people are saying he has not it
seems more reasonable to say that he has
because the people saying he has not
maybe just didn't hear it and the people
saying he has there are enough of them
that makes me think probably he said
something like that so too controversial
it seems like that would be the least
controversial
tax of all time wouldn't that be the
least controversial tax every taxes
controvert
nobody wants to pay them what's wrong
with Cruz's idea somebody needs to
remind me what Ted Cruz's idea is for
paying for the wall is it legal is it
legal to tax anybody for anything the
fact that it happens tells you all you
need to know if they can tweeting it to
you all right somebody's tweeting me the
answer I guess and then of course
there's the the crowdfunding effort
that's going on now too so the citizens
can pay for the wall let me ask you
assuming that crowdfunding legislation
goes through which would allow you to
donate specifically to a trust fund to
the in the government that would only go
toward the wall how many of you would
donate and put it in if you would just
put a dollar amount let's say per year
give me a per year you would donate for
five years yeah so I'm seeing 20 bucks
under bucks this is for per year 550 two
hundred thousand hundred two hundred ten
twenty all right now if you've had 10
million people who would give $100 a
year
[Music]
you know that's a nice start on the wall
yeah look at all these in them all these
people are willing to give fairly
substantial amounts you know I'm not
totally opposed to crowdfunding the wall
but I think they should do the same
thing with birth control you know
Planned Parenthood has the you know the
the situation where it may be legal to
get an abortion
but why people who are opposed to
abortion on moral grounds don't want to
fund it I think that's a fair argument
but as long as abortions legal and the
people who need them don't have money
would it would it work if just private
people fund them you know why isn't
there why isn't there a crowd fund for
that and then all the people who say
damn it but I at Planned Parenthood
should be funded there's nothing that
would stop them in fact Planned
Parenthood might be funded more than the
government would fund them because the
government is gonna pay what the
government pays but if it's privately
there's a fund that anybody can
contribute to it couldn't it be bigger
couldn't it be better so I don't hate
this model where the most controversial
things where the other side has a
legitimate moral objection to it they
just don't have to pay for it you know
you don't have to do that you can't do
that for everything can't do it for the
military or health care you know there's
some things that even though people
object to it it's more that they object
on practical or financial reasons you
can't you can't do that but when people
have a real serious moral problem with
something paying for abortion or
building the wall as long as they're
both legal and somebody's willing to pay
for it on their own let's just make that
possible they do do to somebody says
their girlfriend donates to Planned
Parenthood yeah you know what's
how much do they have much they need you
know if Planned Parenthood is not
getting enough money they should be
saying that it's like hey the
government's cutting our funding but you
can donate through this website all
right I think that's it for today and I
will talk to you tomorrow if all goes
well I will be assuming just make sure
that yeah so tomorrow in my periscope
I'm going to be talking to an expert in
Korea so I'll be talking to someone in
in South Korea to get a get a feel for
the the temperature over there guess
sort of an on-the-ground impression of
what people are talking about what
they're feeling I think it's gonna be
really interesting and I'll tell you
more about that and introduce my special
guest tomorrow
assuming all my technology works so
that's probably going to happen tomorrow
don't miss that I can't wait for that
one by the way yeah so it's somebody in
South Korea right now that I'll be
talking to while they're in South Korea
and somebody who lives there and expat
no it's a private citizen living in
South Korea for a while who will give us
the temperature and no not Gordon Chang
Gordon Shan is awesome but I'm gonna
talk to somebody who's actually living
in South Korea which is a whole
different perspective all right I'll
talk to you later