bum-bum-bum-bum-bum hey everybody gather
round
come on in here take a seat I've got a
little space back there oh no this seat
is taken
so there's a new tweet by Kanye that got
me thinking about a topic I liked so
much
apparently he's with Candace Owens which
is interesting enough and they're
visiting some kind of science exhibit
sci-arc moderate order it is yes but the
the interesting part is that Kanye
tweeted that he was excited about some
kind of desalinization technology now
first of all everything that just said
shouldn't be happening you know there's
nothing about anything I just told you
that this should be happening right now
including me talking about it it's just
a strange and wonderful time but it
reminds me that I'd been saying that one
of the things I wished president Trump
were doing that maybe Kanye would be a
better fit for is simply putting a
government or not even a government a
public focus on key technologies that
are world changing and desalinization is
maybe the most fundamental
world-changing thing there it could be
you know there's I know we've got some
maybe some fusion energy stuff that's
exciting there might be some medical
things you know suppose suppose the
president Kanye let's let's just use him
for a thought experiment so suppose
suppose you're in the future now in
president Kanye says you know I've
looked around and the the most important
technologies for not just us but the
world
or are these things and we really you
know we ought to get to it
it could be indoor gardening it could be
you know new kinds of fertilizer that's
a pretty big deal it could be like the
boring company you know Elon Musk's
company that that tunnels
very efficiently could be 5g it could be
some kind of cancer treatment and you
can think of another 20 yourself but
imagine if if we the public could be
informed accurately by our leader let's
say president kanye where where to
invest and let's say there was a
mechanism where an individual could make
an individual investment and it would be
lets say diversified so that even the
small investor didn't have as much risk
as they might have had so so just
imagine how much the world could change
and how quickly if there was a focus if
there were if we had a focus on the
technologies that made a difference so
that's what was interesting and of a
total totally yeah totally different
subject what's happening in the Middle
East
it looks like doesn't feel like
something's about to happen in the
Middle East you know specifically the
Palestinians and the Israelis and Saudi
Arabia and maybe Iran's and on something
it feels like the the will to fight
might be less than the will to get rich
and be happy so you know it could be
that people who had psychological blocks
before have you or of them now yeah I
don't know that de Bolton has made a
difference yes
been there long but but Bolden might be
a good finisher you know he might be
good to have on the team if you want to
make sure the other the other side knows
you mean business what did he tweet so
Kanye tweeted that he'd seen some
desalinization technology but he
couldn't talk about it so Kanye is using
the high ground maneuver on the world
yes and thank you for saying that
because that was a topic I actually
wanted to cover it before I've told you
about the high ground maneuver the high
ground maneuver is when people are
arguing in the weeds so here's an
example so people would say to Kanye hey
why are you supporting you know
President Trump and saying good things
about him you know you should not do
that
now that discussion is what I would call
in the weeds because you'd really be
talking about the details of why you did
or did not like a president Trump or
what he did or did not do to earn your
condemnation and Kanye instead of
dealing on that level we've never even
heard him talk about policies or
anything else just took it up a level
and made it about his his right to have
an opinion that was not with the crowd
or done specifically to love the human
being Donald Trump without necessarily
embracing every part of him so he took
it up a level and instead of saying
Donald Trump is good or bad he took it
to the high ground and he said I have a
right I'm just gonna do this so that was
impressive and then when you saw John
Legend and Kanye get into it again the
you know it could have easily once again
become a discussion about the specific
objections to Donald Trump and what did
Kanye do he did not discuss these
specific policies or problems or
complaints about Donald Trump he brought
it up to the topic of love so he just
took it up a level now when when you
watch how often he does that I am those
of you who read my book wind iggly you
know that I
I talked about that specifically as
possibly the strongest form of of
persuasion you know that you know it's
the other strongest form of persuasion
you know fear is pretty strong but he's
trying to do the you know everything
that's not fear side so if you're not
going to use fear and you shouldn't you
know if you could avoid it
don't use it you want to you want to
tell people where they should be should
is the wrong word you want to you want
to create an aspirational picture for
people so that they they rise to your
expectations
so what Kanye has done I hate to say
like Jesus but we're talking about
specifically in the realm of persuasion
you know I'm not saying Kanye's Jesus so
don't take this out of context but just
in specifically this technique part of
the power of the historical Jesus was he
would tell you how to be a better person
and people like to you know elevate
themselves to that better person Kanye's
suggesting that we be free thinkers and
that we're loving people even when
disagree with them that is a Jesus like
thought not say these Jesus don't get me
wrong all right yeah you see he's not as
awesome as Jesus not saying that I'm
just saying that the technique if you're
going if you're going to sample
somebody's technique well who are you
going to sample wouldn't you sample you
know the best technique that has ever
ever been known you know outside of fear
fear is always going to be
pretty strong it's tough to be fear if
it's strong enough but if you don't
count fear and you're saying who are the
great persuaders you know you're
thinking you're Martin Luther King
you're Abraham Lincoln's you're you know
you're Jesus right and they all use the
same technique which is try to elevate
you to a higher ground and say hey you
know there's nothing stopping you come
up to that come up to this higher higher
ground so Kanye is doing that now that
doesn't make him Jesus doesn't make am
Abe Lincoln doesn't make him Martin
Luther King but if you're gonna steal
technique why would you use bad
technique you would take the very best
technique as it has been clearly
demonstrated to be effective from people
who've used it before to great effect
you probably didn't hear that today all
right anyway I'm gonna keep this short
and I'll talk to you later