[Music]
hey John come on in here pull up a seat
unless you're driving your car in which
case don't pull up a
chair nothing good can come from that
hey Andy hey
Navin Mark good to see
you um you have come to the right place
if you were hoping for morning coffee
with Scott
Adams this is the place and it's time
now for the simultaneous zp grab your
mug your cup your glass your Stein your
chalice if you will fill it with your
favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
simultaneous
sip oh that's
good let us start with the
favorite my favorite story of the day
and I know it's your favorite
too so yesterday poor Jim aosta famous
critic of President Trump uh turned into
the uh nation's
pinata thanks thanks to uh a video in
which it's it's it was such an amazing
own goal that I actually laughed and and
cried when I saw the president sweet
about it as you did too I'm sure and so
for the for those few of you who haven't
seen it Jim aosta did a did a video
segment where he was standing next to a
border wall that is essentially the
steel slat kind that's pretty much
exactly what the president is
suggesting and he mocks that he doesn't
see any kind of Crisis and he's right
there on the border standing next to
this really tall wall no crisis next to
the
wall now I think Jim aosta thought he
was making a point that was against the
president but what he was really doing
was standing in front of his own goal
and driving the ball into the back of
the net because the president's point is
that there's no crisis when you have a
wall and he was literally standing in
front of the the wall let's call it a
slat steel barrier whatever you want
so of course the internet had fun with
it all day long and president Trump had
maybe the
most perfect
tweet I don't know you you might even
say it's one for the
ages you know I write humor for a
living so you know I I appreciate a
well-crafted
if you can call it a joke but
well-crafted humor so the president's
tweet he show he just tweets the video
and the only comment he made was dear
diary now I'm a professional and I could
not have written that better there was
something so deliciously dismissive
about it while still being tongue and
cheek while still acknowledging how hard
he was winning the president and and the
specific case and he didn't overplay it
it would have been so easy to overplay
that hand you know he could have said
you know big dope Jim aosta doesn't know
that he's standing in front of a wall
you think of all the ways that that
tweet could have just been you know too
much thumb on the
scale but instead the president and i'
I've said this from the beginning his
his comic Sensibility ities are
extraordinary so he takes it he pulls it
back all the way to the the simplest
little lightest touch because it was
sort of like uh you ever watch a kung fu
movie where you know the Kung Fu Master
goes to the bad guy and the bad guy is
still standing and then then the Kung Fu
Master goes poop and pushes him over
dead because it was just you know the
last little push is all it took well
with the president going dear diary
that was like the last little push
you're you already killed yourself I'll
just I'll just just push you over just
just a little bit that's all that's all
it takes so I literally stood in my
kitchen after I read that and tears were
like falling down on the on the kitchen
counter and I had to like clean up the
tears of of laughter I and I know a lot
of you have the same
experience all right let's go to our
next big
story
um I like to maintain my credit ibility
wherever that's possible by being
critical of both sides or or
complimenting both sides of the
political world when appropriate here's
here's a case of that uh there's a viral
story going around this morning
everybody's sending it to me about uh
CNN apparently contacted a local station
in um San Diego called
KUSI and according to KUSI their own
reporting they say the CNN asked them
for some assistance in getting somebody
to talk about the
border and when CNN was informed
apparently in this
conversation that the the Border barrier
or wall if you will works according to
the reporting at this station then this
station says that CNN decided not to not
to use their their resources or talk to
their people because because it didn't
didn't fit the
narrative I call on this
story
um now here's the parts I
believe I believe CNN contacted them I
believe CNN ask them for help and I
believe that when they explained that
you know they were sort of pro
wall that I do believe that CNN changed
their mind what is not in
evidence is
why and here's the context I'm going to
add that is not in the story and if you
don't add this
context it it could be misleading and
here's the context when a producer
contacts somebody and says you know can
we do this or can we do that it's always
exploratory but is also dependent upon
other stories they're writing about
other uses for CNN's uh resources Etc so
what is not in evidence is why CNN
decided not to pursue this the
assumption is mind
reading right so KUSI is
reporting is essentially mind reading
they're saying we told them something
they didn't want to hear and then they
went away as if that's why they went
away now that might actually be entirely
true but and this is important it's not
in
evidence the major the primary claim is
not in evidence we only know the facts
facts are they talked about doing
something and then they decided not to
that's all we know now I know what
you're saying you're saying but Scott
you know CNN is biased you know you know
that they can't uh they can't do a story
that's contrary to their claims that's
that might be true but that's not in
evidence for the reason that they backed
out so I'm trying to be consistent
remember I I I criticize almost every
day CNN for trying to read other
people's minds and say oh the president
has evil intentions so if I don't do it
in this case I'm not being consistent
it's entirely true or it's entirely
possible that KUSI is reporting about
the mental state of CNN could be true
but is not in evidence
okay um let me ask you a
question when my stepson died of a
opioid overdo overdose that included
fenel
um I likened it to uh the number of
people who died in the country to the
number of us um military deaths in
Vietnam and now I'm seeing that widely
used by the president and in other
reporting so that the comparison of the
the deaths by uh fenel in particular
being compared to the number of US
military deaths in
Vietnam did I start that so that's my
question to you because I don't actually
don't know I feel like I was the first
one who ever said that
because uh I remember the thought
process I remember thinking how can I
size this and and I came up with that
Vietnam thing uh but it may it's
entirely possible other people did it as
well
so
um yeah now if it's true now a few
people are saying no um it's been a
thing our whole
lives uh if you have another source for
that let's say a let's say a Twitter
Source somebody who made that analogy
first please send it to me or that
comparison first because I would like to
know whether or not um I was influential
the reason I'm asking that is that one
of the ways I can test the effectiveness
of my influence is by choices of words
that I use that that get used by other
people so it's like a little
fingerprint so when I came up with that
Vietnam compar
I was attempting to create a fingerprint
that if that became popular I would say
okay people are listening to me cuz I
see my fingerprint in the way they're
talking about it but since I can't
confirm I'm the only person who ever
said that I can't confirm it's really a
fingerprint so if you can help me on
that that'd be
great
um let's talk about
uh what oh let's talk about border
secury there there are some surprising
things coming out of this border
conversation and here's the most
surprising thing and contrarian thing
you're ever going to hear are you ready
this border
debate is bringing the country
together now that's the opposite of what
you think right don't you think that
this whole border thing is is driving
the country apart well emotionally it is
on an emotional level it probably is
driving the country apart because the
you know it's just another reason to
fight but let me ask you this how much
do you understand about the real border
situation and the real challenges and
the real pluses and minuses of walls
versus fences versus electronic means
how much do you know now that you didn't
know even a year ago about how drugs
come across how important it is the
details think about how much you have
learned about the border and the
challenge personally I went from not
knowing much of anything to knowing
quite a bit right and I would say that
that's not not just common to one side
of the argument both sides are being
deeply educated on a topic of high
interest to the country
now what happens when people are deeply
educated they start here and here
completely opposing forces but as the
two forces become educated what is
happening have you noticed that the
proposed Solutions are growing together
all right so the public's opinion of
what is practical and not practical
started here and is starting to come
together now if you looked at the
language they use you maybe would notice
it because the the Democrats are saying
walls don't work walls don't work and
Republicans are saying walls totally
work they totally work so you on the
surface you'd say well those are kind of
opposites but if you look under the
under the hood just a little bit just a
little bit you can see the people say
things like such as well it's clear that
we don't need the same solution for
every stretch of the Border
that wasn't always the
case when we started this conversation I
would say Republicans would have said
yeah we just need a wall wall it
up when we started this conversation I
think Republicans would have said um
these walls are going to stop the drugs
it's you know really going to make a big
difference but we've now learned that by
far the vast majority of drugs come
through the legal points of Entry you
know they're in cars hidden in cars and
stuff we also know that there are uh
technologies that could help us detect
it and that those are being purchased so
I don't know exactly the Technologies
but you know in addition to sniffing
dogs they've got things that can I don't
know look through things maybe maybe
some kind of X-ray sort of Imaging thing
I don't know exactly what the
Technologies are we know more about um
drones we know more about uh children
being locked up we know we know more
about everything and the more you know
the closer your opinions become because
the crazy stuff the crazy stuff is
getting tossed down one by
one
now what the people on the left are
hearing is that where walls are put up
the border patrol says they work and the
towns there subject to those walls say
they work and that seems that seems
quite consistent doesn't it doesn't it
seem to you that the the story is quite
consistent that where there's a wall it
has at least for that area has made it
big difference not even a small
difference but just a big
difference now we're also becoming
somewhat experts about what kind of a
wall makes sense we've learned that
seeing through the wall matters we've
learned that some walls you know even
the metal ones can be sawed we've
learned about ladders and everything
else and we've learned about tunnels
we've learned about the cartel
controlling parts of the Border um so I
think in this weird way and certainly
this was nobody's
intention but I think the country is
actually coming together on what I call
the engineering questions the questions
of what what actually could work so I
don't think even the government has a
real difference in what works so right
now the government is locked in nothing
but a a political you know uh contest so
the president needs this wall for
political reasons uh or this barrier
whatever he wants to call it the the
Democrats need to thwart him again for
just political reasons but I think the
public has largely come together imagine
if you went went to
somebody uh on the other side of the
debate from wherever you were let's say
you were Pro wall from the beginning if
you were to have a private conversation
with somebody who was not pro wall
somebody who was an anti-trumper and you
say Okay nobody's listening it's just
you and it's just me can we agree that
border security matters and you'll both
say well yeah all right there's so few
people who say open borders any any
Democrat you put in a in a room with
just you a friend of yours is going to
say yeah of course of course border
security matters and then you say would
you agree with the proposition that you
would use different solutions in
different parts of the border and then
you would both say well yeah duh
obviously and then you'd say would you
agree that the people who are most
capable of deciding would be a
combination of the border patrol who
have experience plus Engineers that they
work with with that tell them what's
practical and and what isn't would you
say that's the best way to approach it
they would say yes so you'd be in
perfect agreement and then you say let's
talk about the budget would you agree
that $5 billion is really nothing
compared to the budget and again your
Democrat will say yeah I mean $5 billion
is real money but in terms of the
country and the budget it actually is
kind of
trivial so if you put the the harshest
Republican and the harshest Democrat in
a room and nobody else was watching and
they didn't ever have to explain what
they said they they would never have to
nobody would ever see their opinion it's
just the two of you you would pretty
much precisely agree on what is the
problem and what needs to be done now
this works both ways that let's say the
um the Democrat says to you okay
Republican you said you want this wall
and one of the reasons is to stop drugs
coming across would you agree that all
the fenel that you need to kill every
person in the United
States could fit inside this Kleenex box
now if the Republican doesn't agree you
just show them the link and say okay
here's a picture of somebody holding it
in their hand in fact um uh Sanjay Gupta
did this on CNN the other day yell up a
package almost just this size and and
talked about it being worth $30 million
now if you can make $30 million from a
package this size let me let me show you
how let me show you how this package can
beat a wall are you ready this will be a
very technical demonstration
watch oh look it just went over the wall
all you need is somebody on the other
side to catch it right or you can throw
it over the wall and then you know if
you're you're a serious drug mule you
could you could probably find a way to
crawl over the wall yourself as
well so would the Republican and the
Democrat come to an
agreement that the drug cartels are
pretty clever and if you make it harder
to use one way to get to the United
States they'll just use another way
because again it's this big there's no
wall that's going to stop something this
big from getting from 10 feet over there
to 10 feet over there that's just not a
thing right secondly
or not
secondly um you might talk about crime
now you go into the room the Democrat
and the Republican and you've been
arguing for a year about the impact of
crime the Republican say crime is cing
across the border the Democrat says well
um I agree that there's some crime
coming across the border so we're in
agreement on that but the crime rate is
lower for immigrants of all types legal
and illegal than the people who are
already here they're actually lowering
the crime
rate to which the Republican says I
don't care about the rate if I'm dead it
doesn't matter that they come from a
group of people with low crime it
matters that they rob my house or that
they they sold drugs or they they
murdered somebody so would you agree
Democrat that if you could take the
crime rate down to zero simply by
following our laws that that would be a
good idea it doesn't matter what the
rate is it just matters that you have a
way to to bring it down would you agree
that Bringing Down the Bringing Down the
number of crimes not just the rate but
the raw number of crimes is a good thing
and would you agree that you know lots
of people are getting raped trying to
come across the border
Etc in very short order if you if you
presented it that way You' find that the
Republican and the Democrat as long as
nobody else was watching and they didn't
have to answer to anybody afterwards
would both say okay I get you the crime
rate is not that high but you know
that's not really the important thing
the important thing is if there is crime
and it is
substantial and you know and if we're
talking about murder and rape any amount
is substantial there's no such thing as
a little bit of rape being okay right
that's not a thing nobody in the room is
going to say well you know a little bit
of murder it's it's just not as much as
the average so a little bit of murder
can't be that bad nobody's going to say
that you're going to agree that if you
can do something about it you do it
doesn't matter that the rate is lower
than
normal all right so here's my point I
believe that this debate has drawn the
citizens to almost exactly the same
opinion and I didn't think that would
ever be possible and it happened through
massive accidental education
so we have been massively accidentally
uh educated about the southern border
now the other thing that might happen
come up in the room with the one
Democrat and the one Republican is that
the one Democrat might say hey
Republican the the big problem is people
coming in from the airports and
overstaying their visas by far that's
you know much bigger in terms of numbers
and the Republican would say you're
right we should do something about that
also but wouldn't you agree we should
solve all of our problems why would you
only solve you know why would you only
care about the big one that we don't
really have an obvious answer for when
you can solve a small one and we have an
obvious answer for that why why wouldn't
you do that and very quickly you end up
being on exactly the same page so it's
only a political difference at this
point it's it's no longer
legitimately uh a difference in opinion
in the country it's weird but the the
citizens are all on the same page or
they would be if they spent 5 minutes
talking to each other all
right um let's talk
about um I don't I'm trying to decide if
I want to talk about Jeff Bezos and his
upcoming
divorce
um you know given that I have uh my
income is largely dependent on
amazon.com uh treating me
fairly I got feeling
that I've got a feeling that maybe I'm
going to stay away from
that uh but I you do have to ask the
question is it a
coincidence that uh that Bezos is having
these
troubles assume there are no
coincidences in the world and that if
you're the head of a major media
organization and you've been attacking
somebody for 3 years and there are
people within that organization who have
the ability to attack
back there may not be any coincidences
in the world but I have no way to know
that all right let me uh talk about
climate change now if you're if you're
new to me talking about climate change I
do not have an opinion whether it's uh
it's a big old hoax or whether it's real
uh and I've been doing a deep dive over
weeks where I'll take one Topic at a
time and try to see if I could figure it
out as a non-scientist now I'm not
trying to look at the science I'm just
trying to understand the arguments so my
filter on this is
persuasion and I have so far determined
that that a fairly big number of the
skeptical arguments are just complete
 right I I'll I'll list a few
but there are others that I have not
debunked
in a way that is persuasive to be but I
think maybe that's possible likewise
there are a few things on the
pro-science side that seem to be clearly
 or they're presented in a way
that makes them look like that which is
puzzling in itself so that's part of the
mystery the mystery is for someone who's
legitimately on the fence which I am I'm
legitimately on the fence um why is is
it that the people who are the majority
of
scientists can be so unpersuasive in
specific parts of the argument not not
necessarily the whole argument but why
are there parts of it that are so
clearly smell like BS look like BS I
haven't figured out why um I have some
hypotheses but we'll work through it let
me tell you my so here's today's current
learning um
and again I'm I'm begging for
factchecking because what I'm going to
say next doesn't sound like it could
possibly be true but it's my
understanding so I'm going to tell you
my understanding I'm going to admit that
it doesn't sound like it could possibly
be true and then you tell me what's
wrong with it because I don't know
what's wrong with it so my understanding
is this that in order to draw the graph
that shows the temperature and CO2 are
in lock step and that the current rate
of increase is unprecedented let's call
that the Michel man hockey stick that in
order for that graph to work they had to
have enough
historical um you know historical data
to show that the current situation is
unprecedented okay now the first
question I ask is uh one of the Skeptics
I think it was haer
um no it was L I think it was Linden
shows the Michael man graph that shows
that you know in the recent years the
rate of increases on precedented and
then he says look at their own graph
their own graph shows that within
recorded history the rate of increase
has happened before you just look at the
graph the the claim they're making that
there's nothing like this rise in
history is refuted by the graph that
shows that rise
now I look at it and I say to
myself what the hell wouldn't that be
the simplest thing to either prove or
disprove if the official graph has two
unprecedented unprecedented changes and
one of them was much earlier in the CO2
history in other words there wasn't as
much
CO2 how can I be looking at the official
graph that disproves the official graph
I don't know the answer to that now it
could be that the the skeptic is
misleading me in some
way but I'm looking at the official
graph I'm not looking at the Skeptics
graph I'm looking at the Sciences graph
you know the the consensus how do you
explain that here's the other part that
I think I
understood but there's a problem so uh
this morning somebody sent me a clip of
a climate scientist who was debunking
the various uh what he call conspiracy
theories against climate scientists so
he was debunking the
Skeptics and he started out by saying
talking about the so-called climate gate
where an email was discovered in which
one of the climate scientists working
with uh Michael man were trying to um
they were trying to explain shall we say
that's the most neutral language they
were trying to explain why their Theory
didn't seem to make sense
given that there was some warming in the
past that was not CO2
related and the the email said that
somebody one of the scientists used
Michael man's quote trick to quote hide
the you know hide the decline I I guess
it's the opposite they were trying to
hide the fact that some temperatures
were declining in some period
and
um and
my opinion on that is that that is a
conspiracy theory meaning that there's
nothing in evidence from those emails
that I find
problematic all right if you heard if
you looked at those emails and you
concluded that they were illegitimate
scientists doing an illegitimate thing
and trying to conceal their treachery
that's not in the email the email is the
way two people who know each other talk
if I said I'm using your math matical if
I'm if I'm emailing a friend I don't say
hey friend I use your
mathematical uh you know formula to get
a result I say I use your trick you know
I use your trick to get a result so they
use word trick in casual conversation it
doesn't mean it doesn't mean
treachery and they said to hide the
decline but of course that was the
problem they were working on they were
trying to figure out how it could be
with within scientific you know within
within the realm of science how could
you make that go away so the you know
the climate gay thing has been
completely debunked as uh I think that
is just a conspiracy theory but then the
scientist who was trying to debunk the
Skeptics went after the tree rings here
he did not do so well let me give you
the argument as it's presented again
acknowledging and I'm going to say this
as clearly as possible I must be wrong
about what I'm going to say next so
everything that comes out of my mouth in
the next couple minutes has to be wrong
but it's what I'm seeing it's what I'm
seeing as the argument the argument goes
like this that in order for the current
measurements to to make sense in terms
of CO2 being the driver of of
temperature it has to be true in the
past as well but there was some
discrepancy in the past that would have
made the current theory look like it was
wrong so in Michael man's work to try to
explain the discrepancy he went to
proxies and one of the proxy actually
the main proxy he used for figuring out
the temperature in the past where there
was a gap in the record was tree rings
he so use tree rings to fill in that Gap
because the size of the tree rings will
tell you something about the temperature
and then it it all fit now there were
tree ring experts who debated that which
is a separate problem the tree ring
experts said hey you did it wrong but
the bigger problem is that tree rings
from 1960 to the present do not track
with temperature they're not even close
they
diverge so the question is why do uh you
know why is it that tree rings worked in
the past but now we know for sure I at
the moment there's no question about
them that they do not track temperatures
in the present so how could they be
useful in the past do you know what the
climate expert said to explain why tree
rings were good in the past but they're
no longer good in the in the
present he said we're working on that
that's part of what he said we're
working on it meaning they don't know
but here's the suspicious part he said
we can tell that the tree rings used to
be good because of other proxies so in
other words they used other temperature
proxies to match the tree rings in the
past to find out that they were correct
in the past what's wrong with that
thinking here's what's wrong if they had
other accurate
proxies why did they need tree rings in
the first place the one and only reason
that tree rings were used in the past
past is because they didn't have a
better way to do it do you think if you
wanted to measure the temperature in
some past year that your best way to do
that would be to measure tree rings if
you had any better way to do that
wouldn't you use those better ways so
the the scientific explanation of why
tree rings used to work but now they
don't is completely refuted by the
argument about why they work you can't
say they matched the proxies in the past
while also saying there were no proxies
in the past worthy of
using now again I'm asking you to fact
check me why don't I understand that
that's the argument that was given and
and if somebody's going to miss the
argument by I mean that's a terrible
argument all right here's another
terrible
argument I sent around a challenge the
other day on Twitter um it was a skeptic
let's call him a skeptic I think that's
close enough uh Dr
haer and so he was talking about the um
illegitimacy of the models so the video
in question was only about how the
models are not good because you couldn't
possibly measure the stuff that was the
the basic
point and I asked people to to debunk
what he said because he was pretty
specific about his
criticisms and here are the here are the
debunkings that I got people people sent
me to other things he said that were
debunked think about that I said tell me
what's wrong with this argument and the
only argument I got was there was some
other related unrelated thing that
people said he got wrong and there were
several of them but they weren't they
weren't the point all right here's the
other argument people said uh but we
know that he's uh he's been paid by the
oil
companies all right
and therefore he's not credible because
the energy companies have paid
him now I agree with that I agree that
if somebody is being influenced by money
you can't trust their opinion who else
in this story is influenced by
money every climate
scientist every person in the story on
both sides is apparently motivated by
money so you can't say that haer is not
is not credible because he gets paid or
has been paid in the past by energy
companies if you're not also willing to
say that money is an influence on the
other side it's either true that money
influences or it's true that it doesn't
you just have to pick a side and if you
want to be compatible with science you
have to pick the side that it does
influence because that's what science
will tell you all right
um
uh there's also I'm seeing in the news u
a recent report that says the ocean is
warming faster than modeled and other
words the models were wrong and that the
ocean is getting warmer much faster this
is being this was reported as both proof
of climate
change and also so proof that is wrong
the same information is being presented
as proof that is right and proof that is
wrong and so the proof that is right is
that hey we told you that warming was
going to get dangerous and sure enough
it's even more dangerous than they
thought so we proved it at the same time
the people who don't believe the models
say well if your model wasn't even close
to predicting this have you not just
disproven your models
because the model the most important
thing that the models could do would be
to C to figure out what the ocean is
doing because the ocean is the biggest
Factor right by far what happens in the
ocean is going to be the thing that
matters so it can't be simultaneously
true that we missed our estimates and
it's much worse than we thought while at
the same time hey our models are
Dependable they just can't both be
true here's another one
um and here you'll have to fact check me
but uh I I'm hearing from
Skeptics that the temperatures in the
United
States happen to be not as warming not
warming the same as the average of the
globe and
coincidentally we have the best
measurement in the very place that is
unique and that it's not warming now
what are the chances that the places we
have the best measurement is also the
only place that it seems like it's not
getting warmer what do the scientists
say about that first of all I'm not
entirely sure that's true but that's the
claim um what do scientists say about
that they say well the world does not
warm up every place in the same way the
world warms up you know maybe really hot
over here this place could actually get
a little cooler but on average so you
can't look at so here's what the
scientists say they say you can't look
at one region and conclude anything and
you can't look at a handful of regions
and conclude anything if you're not
looking at the whole thing you're not
really looking at the problem because
it's the average that's going up not not
this place this place this place all
right so let's accept that let's accept
that the average could go up and it
would be meaningless to look at a
certain Zone and say well this Zone
isn't like the average that doesn't mean
anything at the same time
you go to the NASA site where they're
trying to tell you all the proof of
climate change and what is one of their
major
proofs they tell you that in the certain
region the Arctic the temperatures are
above average and there's there's more
ice melting now of course the Skeptics
uh refute that but that's not the point
right now the point right now is that
one of the major claims of climate
science is that you can't look at one
area and say this is telling you
something
you have to look at the whole at the
same time they say you can't look at one
area because that could be an outlier
they use as one of the primary proofs
hey look at this one area look at the
Arctic it's
melting can't have it both ways either
the Arctic is a good proxy for the rest
of the world or like the United States
it's just an area like any other area on
Earth and you can't tell a lot from that
one example
so this is why I'm on the
fence because it's very clear that a
number of the skeptical arguments are
just total tin foil hat BS that's
obvious but not all of them some of the
skeptical arguments have still stood up
yeah and and I would say that so far
Tony heler has the strongest case so
there uh the the case about the models
being inaccurate I think a lot of people
have a good argument for that and and
frankly you know that's I I believe the
models are not accurate which is
different from saying we don't have a
problem I'm still in the fence on
whether this is a big problem or
not um but um but Tony hel's um focus is
not so much on the models but rather
whether the data is being accurately
collected and and and used in a in a
good way on a graph Etc so so far I
would say the Tony hel skeptical
argument is the strongest one but and
there's a big but
here um he also attributes
intention to what he reports on and the
intention I would argue is not in
evidence it's mind reading so it's one
thing to say that NASA used to report
this temperature but now they report
this and that you know coincidentally
seemed to work in their
favor
um sorry I lost my train of thought
um all right now here's my My ultimate
skepticism the entire climate change
debate comes down to the question of
whether we can accurately measure the
temperature of the
ocean and we can uh measure it
accurately enough historically to know
that whatever we're seeing is
unprecedented do you believe that
science with all its
awesomeness can measure the temperature
of the ocean both today and historically
at a level of precision that would be
useful
now maybe you know I I'd hate to be the
you know I'd hate to be the guy before
the right Brothers flew who said ah well
there's no way you know science will
tell you there's no way that an airplane
can fly that's not a thing you know I
hate to be the guy who says that science
can't do what it's going to do
tomorrow you know I don't want to be
that guy but I cannot wrap my head
around the fact that we can measure uh
the temperature of the ocean at all the
levels that we need to and account for
all the movement now so here's the
question I
ask how many measurements or let's put
it this way what percentage of the ocean
do we have to measure with let's say
buoys because satellites are really just
going to do some surfacy stuff
but what percentage do we have to
measure in order to become confident
we've measured the ocean's temperature
like what what do you think that would
be cuz I'm guessing we measure 1% of
it would you say do you do you think
that the thermometers get a Direct Read
to something like 1% of it or maybe
something far
less um somebody says all of it
100% you you think that we measure we
measure 100% of the ocean how I don't
think
so
uh
so the hockey stiff graph correlates to
the production all right let me ask you
the I I don't remember if I asked you
this on in public before I want to ask
you the most
naive question that that I think is just
scientifically naive but I don't know
the answer to it and I have no sense of
embarrassment so I'm going to ask ask
you the most naive scientific question
and here it
is the uh CO2 is pretty directly
correlated with our
industrial growth right with the number
of cars and energy and smoke stacks and
how much coal we use and all that stuff
so our industrialization follows you
know the line of CO2 fairly directly
isn't it also true that the Industrial
Age directly adds warming in other
words uh when I run my
fireplace I'm I'm not only Rel reducing
I'm not only creating CO2 because it's a
gas fireplace but I'm also warming
things I'm I'm directly warming things
you know my car engine is warm I'm
warming my house my body is warm are we
not directly adding heat somebody
mentioned concrete isn't isn't the
amount of concrete that we're adding to
the
world isn't that making a difference you
know wouldn't we
expect that the result of lots of lots
of activity that directly causes heat
you know you if if there were no such
thing as
CO2 wouldn't you still expect human
activity to vastly increase the
temperature CU I'm giving off heat all
day long and if I had not been born I
wouldn't be where's that Heat going now
now the the reason it's know somebody's
saying it's
insignificant but you would also think
that about a CO2 wouldn't you I mean
it's a it's such a trace little gas you
know the the fact that your common sense
says well maybe that's not enough I
don't know I'm adding quite a bit of
heat to take take right now for example
my entire house is full of heat it's got
to go somewhere right doesn't it go
somewhere so I I guess I don't know the
you know I don't know the science well
enough to know why the actual direct
heat isn't isn't the obvious explanation
of why things are getting
warmer all right and again I'm not
making a
claim uh this will be taken out of
context probably and somebody will say
you know you're claiming it's because
your fireplace is making the world
warmer I'm not claiming that I'm just
wondering why doesn't it it's just a
question of curiosity all
right have I talked about everything I
wanted to talk
about oh one of the skeptical claims
that I don't agree with is that we can't
predict hurricanes even two days in
advance the direction of hurricanes
that's one of the great CL skeptical
claims if and if you can't predict a
hurricane two days in
advance how can you predict you know the
climate you know decades in
advance I think that's probably a bad
example it might be
persuasive but I'm not sure that you
know the logic of it holds because um a
hurricane is a is a single event and the
climate is the average of lots of events
and I would think that it it doesn't
seem to me completely
inconsistent that you would have trouble
figuring out a hurricane because it's an
individual event but you still might be
able to figure out average temperatures
if you could measure that stuff so I'm
not sure that's the strong
argument all right um let's talk about
rpos um
rpos and I think you know who I'm
talking about uh 29-year-old new member
of Congress I'm trying not to talk about
her as
much because I don't like giving uh
energy to
racists but there is something
interesting happening that I can't I can
not mention so it turns turns out that
the Democrats are starting to turn
against
rpos because she's sort of making them
look
bad and she's not playing well with the
rest and I thought to myself uh a while
back I thought you know Fox News and the
other the other conservative sites they
need to stop talking about her if they
don't want to boost her power and I
thought why are they boosting her signal
you know of course I was doing it at the
same time but in my context I talk about
persuasion so I I have a better reason
to do it um and I thought that's
probably a mistake if what you want is
more Conservative Republican policies
the last thing you should be doing is
boosting her signal and then I realized
that what Fox News did is by boosting
her
signal uh in part you know obviously CNN
and the others are boosting it too but
they weaponized her and then they turned
her loose inside the Democratic party to
cannibalize her from the
inside that what should have been a
perfectly good Case by the Democrats has
turned into an unworkable proposition
thanks to her and and I have to ask
myself did Fox News know what they were
doing did they know that by weaponizing
the least
let's say the least
um what would it say the least sellable
argument by trying to help the Democrats
Embrace her they would be embracing the
least sellable
propositions
and maybe that was maybe that was just
sort of a genius uh genius
level strategy I don't know but the
point point is that imagine imagine the
Democrats without
rpos imagine that most of the energy and
the reporting about Democrats was about
how they're the same people compared to
this crazy impulsive president Trump now
if if Democrats simply ran a pretty good
candidate you know somebody who meets
their demographic and whatever other
interests but is also just capable you
know pretty good campaigner
as long as that person seemed sane and
not a
racist they probably have pretty good
luck against the president because he's
been painted in such a Negative light
but because they have to defend now why
they're the party of rpos oh rpos is uh
she used to be called
AOC but when when she went full racist
uh I renamed her to
rpos the the r is for racist POS does
not does not stand for point of sale so
you can you can do the math
um so I think she's she may be
succeeding in completely ruining the
Democrats chances of ever having a
president at least in the next number of
years so I have to point that out that
she's become uh a festering wound in the
Democrat those festering wounds make it
yeah rpos the festering wound within the
Democratic
party
uh Pelosi is still the power
player
and and we'll uh we'll see where that
goes all right that's uh that's enough
for now and I'm going to talk to you all
later