well let's see how this works
I don't have a microphone plugged in but
we'll see what's going on here
hey everybody get in here you should you
should have a little bit worse
connection alright that's better
all right I'm just using my phone let
let me tell you what weird problem I'm
having technically this is the same
problem I had the last couple of days
the problem is that Siri keeps popping
up on my screen and cutting it off so
I'm not gonna say that word again but si
are I on two different iPads was coming
up on its own every ten seconds now if
that had happened on one iPad I would
say to myself there is something wrong
with this iPad but I just checked I just
changed out the one that was problematic
and the second one adopted exactly the
same problem as anybody had a problem
with si RI popping up on their screen
and taking over the screen and it just
continues to do it and by the way on the
second device
it was completely turned off so si RI I
turned off and then and then there was
no audio so I don't know what that was
all about but it's not good anyway I was
talking about racist Google and maybe
that's why I got cut off if I got cut
off again you'll know there's something
going on this is my third device using
different mechanisms all right so racist
Google continues to show only negative
articles toward the top of the search so
I've moved to DuckDuckGo you would be
kind of crazy not to do the same at this
point because they have targeted me for
opinion so in terms of whether they
should be
at this point the question of whether
Google should be regulated I believe is
settled because even if you imagined
that the algorithm is doing this and
nobody is actually you know making any
decisions it would be the weirdest
coincidence in the world but let's say
it's possible even then you still need
to regulate because the public needs
confidence in these in these platforms
and obviously the circumstances give
give none of us any confidence in them
so the fact that no matter what they're
actually doing the fact that they can't
be trusted
as public platforms means they have to
be regulated so regulate Google regulate
the hell out of them all right let's
talk about madis I was saying that if
you work in a big company there's an
experience which you've had that people
who have not worked in big companies
probably haven't ever had and it goes
like this somebody very important quit
so get fired gets fired could be a CEO
could be you know the top engineer could
be somebody like that and what does
everybody say everybody says oh no it's
the end of the world and this is our
most important employee and with that
person go on everything's gonna go to
hell exactly what they said with general
mattis
but everybody who has worked at a big
company knows what I'm gonna say right
now to the rest of you
nobody's irreplaceable what are the odds
that the United States were the best
military in the history of humanity with
the most well-trained and capable
generals and leaders what are the odds
that the person who replaces count
replaces mattis what are the odds that
that person isn't pretty darn good don't
you think that whoever would replace
mattis
isn't gonna be sucky
you know do we think that we only had
one good general and let me ask you this
mattis gets a lot of credit for mopping
things up in Syria if I made you in
charge of the US military do you think
you could have cleaned up Syria I
believe you could with no general
experience whatsoever given that the US
military is so dominant I'm pretty sure
you would have won every war so the
first thing I would ask you is to stop
believing that mattis was magic he was
probably very good at his job he wasn't
the best ever meaning that there are
probably other generals that are just as
good or better and we'll get another one
so are you still having audio problems I
see some people are saying they're
getting audio problems yes
allow us to have a renewed simultaneous
sip grab you mug grab your side your
tankard your cup
join me all right just for fun because I
know that a lot of you are Trump
supporters I'm going to paint a picture
of how successful president Trump is or
soon could be and let's concentrate them
soon could be if everything goes just
sort of the way you think it should go
in in life in two years at the end of
the first Trump term here's what might
be true and I would argue probably
number one he may have appointed a three
or four conservative judges which would
make him if he did nothing else would
make him the most concept
president you know in modern era I would
say so if he did nothing else that would
be amazing but President Trump has an
interesting opportunity here and I'm
gonna predict that he might actually do
this well that's not much of a
prediction if I say might I'm gonna go
on record and saying that by the end of
Trump's term this will be my actual
prediction by the end of his term he
will have ended five wars so that's my
prediction that the end of Trump's first
term the first term not the second term
he will have ended five wars he will end
our war in Syria now that doesn't end
the Syrian struggles but it would end
ours our struggle he's probably gonna
get us out of Afghanistan that's to
North Korea we've been technically at a
state of war and had you know real real
risk that seems to be gone three have
you been following the news about Yemen
Yemen's been at war with the proxy fight
between Saudi Arabia and Iran but turns
out that they just negotiated a
ceasefire who do you think was pushing
that number four number five is the the
wild card it looks to me like Jared
Kushner and the president is trying to
pull together a grand deal that requires
both Turkey and Saudi Arabia to be in on
the plan to put some pressure on Iran
and it looks like in the next two years
the Middle East will be completely
redesigned in terms of its political and
alliances and that the Middle East will
be closed too
something like the first major piece now
that doesn't mean there won't be any
terrorism right there still be terrorism
but we could see the Arab countries at
peace with Israel we could see Iran so
surrounded by basically everybody that
they just say all right all right you
know we'll play nice for a while anyway
so there is a nonzero chance and in fact
I'm going to predict it at the end of
Trump's first term you will have ended
five wars and appointed three to four
judges to the Supreme Court the news
today is that the number of job openings
in this country is greater than the
total number of people looking for work
think about that the number of job
openings is greater than all the people
looking for work so his economy might be
the most successful of all time now I
will grant you and I've said this from
the beginning there you can't you can't
say Obama had nothing to do with the
economy you know obviously it's a sort
of a team sport but the president will
have solid grades for the economy health
care sort of a wild card
you think the president could do more I
think he could do more as well but it
looks like they're doing a lot in terms
of getting rid of regulations that were
unproductive and if the president
succeeds and just getting rid of let's
say cross state regulations and other
anti-competitive stuff it could make a
difference let's take immigration in two
years it will be increasingly clear that
immigration is a gigantic problem for
Europe even bigger than it has
possibly to the point of you would never
invest in Europe again let me say that
again in two years there's a good chance
that if you're an investor and you're
looking at where to put your money you
know what part of the world you might
not invest in Europe because of the
immigration problems that are happening
there and the instability but whether or
not President Trump gets something that
looks like a wall wouldn't you agree
that he will be the toughest on the
immigration compared to other countries
maybe not hungry but most of their
countries and that probably will go a
long way toward keeping the United
States strong and stable he's not going
to get credit for that while he's in
office after Trump leaves office when
it's no longer about him personally the
day he leaves the whole Racism thing
will just sort of go away because people
are going to say yeah we were really
worried that he would do a bunch of
racist stuff but it's been four years or
eight years whatever he decides to
however long he decides to stay around
people are gonna say yeah but I have to
admit nothing really happened except
prison reform so the person that they
worried the most about being a racist
will probably be the person who did the
most in terms of race in the past
I know 10 years 12 years so it's
entirely possible then the next two
years
president Trump will be considered the
top president of all time now there's a
little bit of cheating going on when I
say that because you might say no no how
can you put him against you can't
possibly compare him to you know George
Washington or Thomas Jefferson but you
know they were slave owners
pretty sure I can compare anybody to a
slave-owner and they come out looking
pretty good as long as they're not also
slave owners so there will be an
argument yeah Lincoln Lincoln's a little
complicated but he was definitely racist
so even though you know we celebrate
Lincoln for for you know freeing slaves
it's a little more complicated than that
if you look at the detailed history so I
think Lincoln's a little bit racist and
the weird thing is that if you look at
accomplishment Trump will be near the
top and he will be the least racist
president who's in the top five because
if you think about it if you were gonna
say all right here's my top five you
know you throw trubin in there and you
know you start throwing Roosevelt in
there and stuff but you start looking
into their histories and you would find
that every one of those other presidents
that you put in the top five was way
more racist than anything that Trump has
ever even been blamed for not even close
so it's a weird situation he might he
might be two years away from being the
top-rated president of all time will he
ever get credit for it no I don't think
so see what else we got going there is a
report that that Turkey has sent some of
their better troops across the border as
if they are getting ready to attack the
Kurds but we also know that President
Trump had a long conversation with
Erdogan in Turkey and had offered that
if Turkey you know play is nice which I
assume means not killing the Kurds in
Syria that we could we could have a lot
more trade with Turkey and things could
be good for Turkey so like you I'm
concerned that Turkey will not be a
honest player than this and may you may
attack the Kurds and kill our
allies and that would be a catastrophe
yeah I would I would be on the side of
people who blamed at Trump if our allies
get wiped out but it does seem that
they're doing the right stuff to make
sure that that doesn't happen
so I I suspect that a lot of work will
be done to protect the Kurds but there
are no guarantees in life all right
unlike me you don't care about investors
who say man will trump a fire of the Fed
so we have conflicting reports about
whether Trump had floated the idea or
not about firing the Fed chief whose
name I don't even know minuchin says
that that did not happen
that that was not discussed other
reports say it was but here's the
interesting thing
his name is Powell the Fed chief here's
the interesting thing
Trump always gets a lot of mileage out
of the rumor he might fire somebody
because it puts pressure on him so even
though the Fed chief is independent yes
and even if the Fed chief is saying no
principle is more important I'm going to
do what I think is right he is also
human and as a human being there's a
good chance as a human being people are
influenced by stuff such as the threat
of risks and gossip and rumors and all
that so the president may have persuaded
that the Fed through this rumor if you
ask them they'd say no we are not
persuaded at all we're going to do what
we were going to do but but humans are
humans they can be persuaded people are
asking me if I got married I know I
don't know why you're asking me that
we'll Rand oh yeah if you haven't been
seeing Rand Paul's Twitter for less I
don't know a day or two it's turned
hilarious to the point where people are
asking who is it was writing his Twitter
because it's so funny
so Rand Paul has taken to tweeting like
the president so he's doing use tweets
in the style of President Trump they're
funny and they're provocative and they
go further than you think they should go
and they're actually really well done so
you should see his latest tweet threads
through their extensive inderal
hilarious yes and Trump legalized
industrial hemp I still don't know how
important that is you know I understand
that there was no reason for him to be
illegal in the first place but
somebody's asked me what was it like to
work with Larry Charles
if you don't know Larry Charles he was
my co-executive producer he's a director
he was one of the early writers on
Seinfeld II he was a showrunner for name
the show I can't remember and he was
also worked on the Dilbert TV show
somebody asked me what is it like to
work with him and the answer is great
he's one of my favorite people in the
world
yeah Larry Charles is sort of like a
national treasure pretty much everybody
who knows him says the same thing he's
just great
yeah you know he also directed Curb Your
Enthusiasm a number of episodes as well
yes he also was he was the director for
was it Borat I think it was Borat he
directed
get my girlfriend go live are you
talking about
Christina check out her Instagram page
just search for Christina with a K
Basham B as in boy a sh am and you'll
see her playing some piano Christmas
favorites she's got some more coming
Christina should be able to play a
little Christmas concert for us what she
should I think she likes recorded better
than life though why is getting high on
weed considered a solution well that's a
very generic question but I can tell you
that my take on weed by the way most of
you know that I am a proponent of
medical marijuana and use it to great
success in my own life but I don't
recommend it don't recommend it to kids
I don't recommend it recreationally and
I don't recommend it at all
if you don't have a doctor telling you
to take it don't do it in my case it's a
godsend
it helps me I'm probably a dozen
different things and essentially makes
me at age 61 I'm the healthiest I've
ever been and weed is probably at least
a third of the reason for that 2 ER
doctors told you to smoke it well again
it depends entirely upon your specific
medical situation it is not recommended
for all people and by the way I don't
use it as any kind of a party drug I
don't know what I don't know why anybody
would this is the worst party drug ever
you know if you don't use it for medical
reasons
don't really recommend it I I don't vape
unless I'm somewhere where somewhere
where that makes sense does it help with
allergies yeah yeah it dries you out
completely so it helps with by the way
this is not medical advice don't take
any medical advice from me but for some
people and you might not be one of them
and if you smoke marijuana and have
asthma it might just kill you so just
know that but for some people since
marijuana is a vasodilator it does the
same thing as some of your asthma meds
and when my asthma was the worst several
years ago the only thing that would
knock it out was marijuana and it would
do it immediately the regular drugs
would get me about half of the way there
but it was the only thing that they
could give me full relief indica or
sativa somebody's asking depends on the
time of day they both have their purpose
one of them makes you tired one of them
makes you creative and and productive so
you have to pick your time what is my
medical reason I have a bunch of them
the primary reason is sleep apnea so I
have my old sleep apnea and it just
marijuana is just perfect I sleep
through the night you know I can
typically give four hours of sleep at
night six on a good day and I'm fine
that's all that's all I need because I
sleep so well on marijuana no I don't
use a CPAP I don't have that much of a
problem but beyond that it helps with my
asthma it helps with my allergies yeah
it helps me exercise more
it helps me you know mentally it helps
me creatively it helps me blood pressure
is
yeah there's a pretty long list it
basically helps you with everything but
again no two people have the same
reaction to it so there's no reason to
think that it would work for you so
don't take any medical advice for me can
edit bulls be as good
edibles are worthless and you should
stay away from them everybody who you
hear who has a problem with marijuana
like they they do too much and they do
something silly or they have a bad
experience it's it's all from edibles
because they can't they can't gauge the
amount that are getting so edibles I
would say for only the rarest situations
would be acceptable yeah and don't drive
I don't recommend driving all right now
for those of you who don't like patreon
and would like to support me I will say
again what I said in more detail the
other day if you wanted to support these
periscopes you could go to this URL by
dot when token calm and by the tokens
that are associated with my start up
there interface by win hub and that
would be the best way to support me and
here's the good part if you if you buy
those tokens that money directly goes
into my startup and replaces the money
that I were to put in so it's a direct
benefit to me but those tokens could
become worth more if the if the startup
succeeds and demand stays high it's not
an investment but it is true that it's
the one time you could donate to or to a
creator and maybe come out ahead
the the odds of coming out ahead on any
kind of crypto or a love but we have a
company that's up and running and
customers coming on and that's a
uniquely a uniquely advantageous system
or situation so if anything if anybody
know it's not an investment opportunity
you would never call cryptocurrency an
investment that would always be a
mistake can you schedule buying when
tokens like patreon no we don't have a
scheduled purchase but you can buy them
anytime you want so it's easy to buy
them within the app or without the app
now if you buy them at the URL that I
that I gave you in order to have those
tokens you need to download our app
which is free called interface buy one
hub if you search for that on the App
Store you'll find it and if you use the
same sign-on you did when you bought the
tokens which is important use the same
sign on your tokens will automatically
appear in the apps internal wallet and
then you can use them in the app so they
become it becomes money you can use it
within the app but also some day you
might trade it out in exchange if it
goes up in value can you invest in
interface with stocks not at this time
the only way you can be part of it part
of the upside is by owning the
cryptocurrency the web as we call it whe
M tell us how to change from Google you
want to Google you want to search for
DuckDuckGo and then go to their page and
there'll be a button to tell you how to
add the Chrome extension for DuckDuckGo
and basically you just click a couple of
buttons and it takes over your browser
so your browser will search DuckDuckGo
instead of Google it's all very seamless
takes about 10 seconds total
yeah I'm gonna look into the brave
browser I'm hearing good things about
that but I haven't looked into it yet
why am i using Chrome the trouble is
there's a network effect with Chrome it
works on all of my devices or every
device I pick up it's like I it's like I
never left if I had only one device I
suppose it'd be easy to change oh thank
you for buying some when tokens I
appreciate that
now I hear from my CTO Nick that there's
a lot more activity on the interface by
one hub app a lot more calls are being
connected because we added a scheduling
feature so now instead of just finding
somebody who happens to be online at the
same time
who's your expert you can find you could
schedule people and apparently that's
making a big difference in connections
as we imagined it would
Ilan said boring bricks are 100% free
for plate authority I don't think he
meant for blight Authority but yes those
free bricks would be great I'm gonna I
I'll probably separately do a periscope
about some ideas for blight Authority I
think you're gonna like them some of
them are fun and they will really open
up your mind
Armstrong comics Oh
Armstrong economics not comics Merry
Christmas all right is there anything
else anybody wants to know did I throw a
holiday party I did not
it's a quiet year this year do you have
an alternate power source in your home
guest generator etc the house is
designed to add to add a gas generator
but every time I think I'm gonna get
around to it
I don't follow through so it's it's
designed to have one it doesn't have one
will the shutdown last into the new year
yeah it'll definitely last into the new
year because nobody's doing anything
over Christmas have I ever killed anyone
have I ever killed anyone I've been
accused of killing someone I'll tell you
that story years ago I I wrote a book
called the Dilbert of future I'm sorry
it was the Dilbert principle and in my
book there was a chapter about engineers
I think it was that book anyway there
was some fairly well-known professional
author who took my entire chapter with
with no changes at all put his name on
it and then published it for money so of
course people notified me they said hey
this is somebody just published under
their own name an exact chapter from
your book so we contacted him of course
and said hey you took you took my book
like in public writing right in front of
the world here's my book here's the date
of the book it's obvious the book came
before the article you know the
no there's no question about the facts
or what came first and their word for
word there's no difference his defense
was this his defense was that we both
stole it from the same source now since
I wrote it from scratch I know this
source
I remember I remember my thought process
I remembered even where I was when I
wrote it
etc and remember it's not it's not
similar to something we both saw it's
exact wording and how conveniently it's
my exact words no he didn't he didn't
cite me because he said that I stole it
too so his defense was oh yeah I did
steal it but I stole it from a meme that
was just going around the internet and
you probably stole her from the same
source now there was a meme of this
going around the internet but it was
after I wrote it so he probably saw it
without my name on it and said hey
there's no name on this I'll just slap
my name on it and so anyway so here's
the bottom line somebody asked me if
I've ever killed anybody so of course we
put some pressure on him about that
lawyers contacted him etc as one does
and he died so during the time we were
putting some legal pressure on him he
died he had a heart attack and I was
contacted by somebody who knew him well
and said that I killed him because the
the stress of this situation put him
over the edge and he actually died
because of the the pressure I put on him
and now you might ask me do you feel
guilty that you may have killed this guy
to which I say he stole from me all I
did was call him out for stealing and
there's no question about the facts
because you know you can see I wrote it
I know I wrote it I you know you might
still be in doubt but I don't have to
wonder who wrote it because I wrote it
so to answer your question I had been
accused of killing somebody
psychologically meaning that my
persuasion actually made their heart
give out and they died so I can't
confirm that I killed anybody but I I
was accused of it somebody said I heard
RGV stole from you all right I'm trying
not to make any Ruth Bader Ginsburg
jokes because it's certainly not funny
that her her health is failing but
there's there's something okay I'm just
gonna say it there is something funny
about how lucky she is so I guess that's
funny in a good way so I'm not I'm not
one of the people who was rooting for
her to to have a bad outcome I'm not
doing that at all but given the the the
types and number of problems she's had
from lung cancer to to whatever else and
she's 85 you gotta say you know I have
to admit I've I've never I've never
respected her more than I do right now
because she's really hanging in there so
you know even even President Trump
compliments people on the other side
when they're tough she is tough give her
that you know you don't you don't have
to like her decisions but let's let's
say one thing we can agree on she's
tough she is tough so let's give her
that and hope for the best
I think somebody says I think she still
looks healthier than you probably true
all right I think I've said enough I'm
gonna go I'll try to get my technology
problems fixed might be my plugin
microphone is hinky and that might be
triggering the rest of the problems this
is the only device I didn't use my
plug-in microphone so that's probably
the problem and I will talk to you
tomorrow