mm oh what a day what a day
what an amazing Monday it is will we
have laughs yes we will will we enjoy
our time here will we learn something
yes we will but most importantly we will
be enjoying the simultaneous separately
it doesn't take much to participate it
does not really merely have a cup or a
mug or a glass so take your chelators
time in the canteen juggler flash a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure
that dopamine the end of the day the
thing that makes everything better
simultaneous it go now you might note
that I am sipping from the deplorable
University cup and that is your signal
that there will be some learning today
yeah that's my whiteboard over there
there will be learning and let's get to
it
so lots of fun stories lots of important
stories apparently a critic of landed
Mir Putin has been found with his throat
slit and what police are calling a quote
politically motivated to sassa nation in
a French hotel so it seems like Putin
has a free hand to assassinate anybody
wants apparently now I can't say that
that has no connection to the fact that
he gets away with it
and apparently Saudi Arabia got away
with it too so we're taking out you know
we took out Solomon a you know what some
would say was more of an assassination
than a than an act of war that's
debatable I would call it just typical
typical killing of terrorists but I
think we live in a world now where
people are just gonna get rubbed out for
being critics I plan to do some
criticizing of China today I would like
to remind all of you or tell you for the
first time I am not feeling suicidal so
if I die in mysterious circumstances
you're all my witness then I was not
planning to end it myself in fact I
would resist resist dying with all of my
powers
Elon Musk tweeted out some photos of the
new Tesla solar panels for root roofs
and I think Elon Musk did it again and I
did it again
I mean I think he's made a product that
probably has a lot of potential he is
worth forty six billion dollars already
maybe this will give him a little boost
but what I liked about it is that when
Tesla made a car you know the electric
car they didn't just make it functional
and hey this saves you some money or
it's good for the environment they made
it as sexy so if you did not look at a
Tesla and say that's a pretty
good-looking car if you didn't have that
visceral feeling about it it wouldn't be
nearly as successful it would just be a
boring you know GM Volt
Chevy Volt or whatever it is but he
makes it sexy so that's the the secret
sauce it's sort of what Apple does Apple
makes a phone other people make phones
but you still like your Apple phone
because it's sexy you know the design is
so powerful and apparently Tesla's done
that with their solar panels that look
like roofing materials because he showed
some pictures and my immediate the
thought was that looks better than a
roof it wasn't just something that looks
like a roof but also gives you
electricity that would be pretty good
but that would just be a functional
product and I don't know
would be so successful I mean maybe the
economics of it would make it successful
but he took it to the next level and
when I looked at those houses I
immediately said if I build another
house which I'd like to do someday it's
gonna have those panels if only because
they look great so you know I don't know
the details but I think he might have
done it again
based on the the magnificence of the
design element the part that's always
left out of solar the Oscars were last
night
I don't care do you
I didn't watch it did not watch a single
movie and beyond that I don't even know
how anybody can watch a movie how does
anybody watch an entire movie you have
one of these right you've got a phone
hasn't your life taken the same arc as
mine that your attention span is getting
smaller and smaller and smaller for me
watching a half-hour sitcom on
television is it's so hard now it's like
I can't put my whole day into this even
though it's just half an hour so I don't
think movies even have a purpose anymore
there's just nothing I can get out of a
movie that I need or want now there used
to be a time when it was a shared
experience and there wasn't much else
going on so I went to the movies like
everybody else did but I would say that
I only liked one in 10 maybe one in 20
were even worth the time I put into them
so it was a pretty low yield activity so
I just don't know why movies or even a
thing anymore
I would think I would expect them to
become obsolete based on our our our
ever shrinking attention spans
plus the fact that there's so much you
know other stuff to entertain us
so I don't care about the Oscars don't
care about Brad Pitt don't care about
anybody's political statements let's
talk about Biden in a somewhat I guess
we could call it typical Biden situation
he said something so weird
at a little town hall event in
I guess New Hampshire that everybody is
yakking about it but of course they're
leaving out critical parts to make you
understand the story so what happened
was somebody in the audience asked him a
question and he in responding to the
question he asked a question back have
you ever been to a caucus and the person
in the audience was asked a good
question said yes I think it was the
same person who asked the question that
was unclear and Biden looks up the
audience member who said yes and says he
goes you're a lying dog face Pony
soldier
now it took a while for social media to
figure out whoa what the heck is a lying
dog faced Pony soldier and why would you
say that to somebody you want to vote
for you in public what is up with that
but turns out it's not crazy it's just
suboptimal because apparently this is a
sort of famous quote but not famous
enough that I had ever heard it before
but it comes from John Wayne in the John
Wayne movie I don't know which one and
apparently John Wayne called somebody a
lying dog faced pony soldier when Biden
said it people laughed and it was sort
of a sort of a gentle ribbing because he
just didn't believe that she had never
been to a caucus so my first statement
about it is it's a big nothing it wasn't
a sign of him being senile and randomly
spouting off things it wasn't that he
was making a joke
based on a reference that not everybody
got but as people pointed out do you
want a president whose references are
old John Wayne movies I mean just by
itself if you didn't know anything else
about him and and he's speaking in
public and he's making John Wayne
references that automatically is a
little bit of a red flag right yeah baby
he's not of this generation or of this
world
so anyway one of the patterns that we're
seeing is the Biden is getting in the
face of citizens now the people he gets
in their face are mostly people who have
asked critical questions people who will
probably aren't going to vote for him
anyway but have you ever seen the Trump
go after a citizen like that now he does
block people who make disturbances at
his rallies but I would say that's
people who have started the problem and
he's just having fun with it etc but you
don't see trouble going after people for
just their opinion going after somebody
for disrupting a rally is going after
somebody for bad behavior that seems
fair going after somebody for a
differing political opinion and
insulting them in public feels like not
your best play and and I'm noticing this
pattern let me run this by you and see
if you see this pattern Democrats as a
as a group and as a philosophy blame
other people for problems if you listen
to Bernie talk he says it's the
billionaires it's the bankers it's the
rich people Americans so Bernie yes the
entire thrust is blaming people who have
money people who are making the rules
etc but it's blaming people and I think
you would see that with all of identity
politics the whole point of identity
politics is that one group of Americans
usually Democrats or blaming another
group of Americans so again there's sort
of an enemy and it's always Americans
it's the Americans you don't like but
when Republicans talk now of course
there's a little bit of overlap so what
I'm going to say doesn't have some
universal perfect truth I'm talking
about in general and you know on average
but on average and in general
Republicans usually criticize systems
so a Republican is going to say taxes
are too high
that's about the system a Republican is
going to say we have too many
regulations
that's something wrong with the system a
Republican is going to say we need
stronger and law enforcement that's just
about the system a Republican might say
we need more market market influence on
pharmaceuticals that's a system so look
for this pattern it seems to be the
Republicans tend to criticize systems
when they think there's something wrong
with them and Democrats tend to
criticize other Americans it's fairly
consistent now in both cases they're
they're blaming something everybody
likes to blame something but it feels a
lot more productive to Britain to blame
your system don't blame the people for
being evil and defective now I know I
know I know there are plenty of
Republicans who blame people and you
know and accuse snowflakes of being
snowflakes but mostly it's about their
opinions you know it's mostly about
their opinions it's not really too
personal but the Democrats really feel
personal it's about people and it seems
that their the the Democratic
philosophies seem to grow out of the
concepts of fear and jealousy
wouldn't you say if you look at you know
the top Democrats what they're talking
about is fear and jealousy mostly
Republicans tend to focus on freedom and
efficiency you know having a good system
being free to to enjoy no Democrats also
use fear but it usually is more of a
campaign thing all right
so the president fired two of the people
who testified in the appeasement process
sunland and the two vindens defendants
were fired they were just reassigned
back to their back to where they came
from and Soglin I don't think D did the
job if I understand he was a rich guy
yeah he wasn't a career politician so it
probably doesn't
that much so nobody really lost out you
know the vindens didn't lose any money
and and Sunland had had as much money as
they needed I think so it wasn't like
there was some real victims here in any
kind of a serious lasting way and
everybody agrees that that Trump had the
right to do it and he has to be
comfortable with his staff so so it's
sort of a big nothing but I wanted to
call it up the contrast play because
there are people saying it's bad for him
to do this it's a bad look it's it's
unnecessary blah blah blah but I would
argue that Trump consistently uses the
concept of contrast and the contrast
that he consistently uses is if you do
good things for him you say nice things
about him he's gonna say nice things
about you but if you're a critic or
you're a problem for him he is gonna go
at you hard because he what's the
distance to be as far as possible
between being on his team and being
opposed to him that's really good basic
leadership now the people saying hey you
don't go so hard on your critics and you
know don't go so hard on the people who
are who are fighting against you are
missing the fact that the larger you
could make that contrast the more
effective you are as leader
so you see Trump do the contrast play
all the time this is just another one
but you could say hey he really did it
because he's mad at them and it's just
personal and he didn't need to do it and
maybe maybe you know things don't get
done for one reason
whenever you say there's only one reason
something happened you're probably wrong
because there's usually complicated you
know multi-part motives so Trump
probably liked it for revenge just
guessing I can't read his mind so I
don't know what he's thinking but if you
were in that situation you'd like a
little revenge probably probably also
did it because he couldn't trust them
and that's fair for any employer but I
think he also did it to establish that
big gap between being on his team and
not being on his team
if there are people in the middle trying
to figure out do I speak up do I become
a critic he just makes it harder for
them to do that so it's good persuasion
even if you don't like it
Trump of course is the greatest Twitter
troll of all time and so he did his
Monday trick of saying something so
provocative that you can't ignore it and
and it will start to dominate the
headlines so here's his tweet from this
morning and this is just this is just
delicious trolling I mean it's hilarious
by Aaron is he says because of how badly
they did with the impeachment hoax which
he capitalizes now impeachment hoaxes
capitalized that he says AOC will
primary cry and Chuck Schumer and win
and Jerry Nadler has a good chance of
losing to his far-left primary opponent
it is all getting quite interesting
Pelosi will lose the house again my poll
numbers are great now the active part of
this and the the hilarious part is that
AOC we assume based on what we've
observed again I'm not mind reading I'm
just making an assumption based on what
we observe AOC seems to be ambitious
would you would you all agree that
that's true it's not an insult it's just
an objective statement would you say
that AOC is ambitious I think you'd
agree with that right so you've got
ambitious AOC who has just hugely
successful in in dominating the the
thought process and even the policies
and the candidates and everything else
with the green new deal and anything
else she says it turns out so does she
want to get a promotion and it would be
a promotion from being in the house
there are lots of people in the house
and it's an important job but it's not
like being a senator senator is one step
closer to president if you know what I
mean
so does AOC anytime in the future have
thoughts of becoming a senator because
apparently the only way she could do
that is to wait for cry and Chuck
Schumer to retire I don't think that's
gonna happen right away or two primary
him and she might have a reason to
primary him because he's not radical
enough according to her now what would
happen if AOC primary to Chuck Schumer
who would win that well Chuck Schumer
has you know he's got the the base he's
probably you know got plenty of funding
he's got tons of connections he's got
history he has lots of advantages then
there's a aoc a or say he has so much
more skill than Schumer it's very much
like Trump going up on against Hillary
Hillary had every advantage a politician
could have you know money connections
experience everything you could have
except she wasn't nearly as good at
persuading and communicating at least in
the way that Trump was so hypothetically
if AOC ran against Schumer could she win
I'm gonna say yes which is different
from say she would win but it's entirely
within the realm of a sort of a coin
flip I think it would be I think it
would be interesting but I wouldn't I
wouldn't assume that Schumer could keep
his job and what a what a baller play
that would be for AOC to take out the
leader of her own party because he
wasn't radical enough it would be a real
strong play now I have no idea none of
us do if AFC has ever considered this
play but because the president put it
out there we're all going to be chewing
on it and it's gonna it's going to sort
of think it into reality because the
first step of making something happened
is you have to imagine it if the people
involves can't imagine a thing happening
they don't act on it
because you can't even imagine it well
now we're all imagining I imagine I
imagine that AMC has already thought of
it but but so that was fun so the
president's churn in water now also a or
C news I'll give you two pieces of AOC
news the other one was I had a chance to
ask a teenager yesterday I said a
teenager can you name the vice president
of the United States I just wondered do
teenagers pay attention to any of this
stuff and the teenager is said to be
Mike Pence knew it like that I thought I
was pretty good and then said teenager
said to me but I can't name anybody else
in the government those are the only two
names I know just Trump and Mike Pence
and then teenager said well there's also
that one who's that one who they were
making fun of his religion because of
the vote and I said Romney Romney the
teenagers said yes yes that's the one
but the teenager didn't know any of the
details and just sort of heard this
story passing through and that I thought
I was done with the conversation and
said teenager said to me well I remember
one other politician and I said do you
know who AOC is and teenager said no I'd
never heard of AOC
there's only one politician other one
that I can think of and sad teenager
said the name of the politician is
Alexandria and I said you mean they ever
see and said teenager said yes that's it
at the Alexandria you know Octavia
Cortes or whatever it is I could never
remember her name so I always use agency
so think about that a teenager with the
smallest understanding of American
politics I mean just the most miniscule
understanding
had four data points and AOC was one of
them right okay okay
Acacio not Octavio I'm sorry there's a
reason she has a nickname
speaking of mixing up names that's the
story I was gonna tell so the first
point is do not underestimate how good a
or C is at getting the attention of
people so even though a teenager knows
who she is and doesn't know anybody else
so there's a big story because a or C
was talking on some kind of video stream
and mixed up the names of two famous
economists so instead of saying Milton
Friedman and instead of saying John
Maynard Keynes she she said Milton
Keynes so she put you know the wrong
first name with the wrong last name now
of course all the anti a over C people
said well there she is again being
dumped in public how dumb can you be
mixing up these two names you know to
which I said I don't know have you
listened to anything that I've said or
written for the last three years because
here's what I think happened everybody
in the country just learned the AOC has
a background in economics now in my
tweet I said a degree I think it's a
minor a minor in economics do you call
that a degree if somebody has a minor in
something is that a degree I sort of I
don't know which words to word use of
that but the point is how many people in
the general public have a background to
studying economics not too many so
everybody in the country just learned
because of this little you know minor
mixing up of dames which we all do in
fact I just in it I literally just in it
with a ever see his name most common
thing in the world doesn't mean I'm
stupid it doesn't mean you're stupid
doesn't mean anybody stupid it's just a
common thing but what did she get out of
it
the whole world just found out she has a
background in economics because most
people wouldn't know either one of those
Alice she knew it and mixed them up but
that puts her away out of most of the
people so she came out ahead I tweeted
that and she liked my tweet within about
60 seconds so I think she enjoyed that
all right let's talk about a few things
that I'm gonna go to the whiteboard oh
here's some potentially exciting news
now when you hear these new scientific
and technical discoveries most of the
time they don't turn into into anything
but they're still fun to think about
because they do they do show the
potential and they do show that we're a
world that's inventing like crazies some
of those inventions work but it turns
out that researchers at ben-gurion
University and so Israel they have a new
technology in which they superheat water
until the water becomes sort of in a
strange state it's so hot and then they
can take the garbage and put it in that
water I'm simplifying of course and
there's something about the highly
pressurized hot water that turns the
organic parts of your garbage into a gas
that you can use for fuel and here's the
cool part it only does that to the
organic parts that can turn into fuel
and all the rest becomes just garbage so
apparently this works they've already
done it you know it's not the
theoretical they're actually doing it in
the lab setting now imagine if this is
something that could scale up and again
most of these technical things end up
not being scalable and not really being
what you think but this one might be
because it seems like they've already
tested it and there's not much to it in
terms of how hard it would be to scale
it up because it's basic industrial
stuff there's nothing exotic that needs
to be invented so it could be that you
know our garbage and some part of our
our energy problems just just add a big
term don't know all right
I'm having fun arguing with people about
whether Trump was impeached or not
impeached and I think you know
I think you know that I'm doing this
just for fun in my book loser think
behind me in my book loser think I tell
you that it's word thinking to argue
about what label to put on something if
everybody agrees what that something is
so with this impeachment situation we're
all looking at the same set of facts so
if you want to call it he's impeached
and I want to say he's not impeached
that's not a real argument that's just
you like your word I like my word it
doesn't change the facts that we all
agree on so I do this just for fun it's
a complete long term prank to make
Democrats go crazy now the argument that
I heard Dershowitz make is that there's
an analogy to a criminal trial and as as
Dershowitz said if it were a criminal
trial and you got indicted and then you
had your trial and let's say you were
found not guilty at the moment you're
found not guilty
you're also no longer indicted right the
indictment doesn't mean anything you
know the trial is over so he would use
that analogy to say well if you get
impeached by the house but the Senate
doesn't vote to remove him from office
it's like the impeachment has been
nullified and went away
of course Democrats don't like that
interpretation at all and in a way it's
just word thinking but it's worse than
that
it's analogy thinking so saying that
impeachment is analogous to a criminal
trial just makes people say no it's not
because of these differences now there
are some differences so I'm gonna add
this thought to it and again this is
just for fun it makes no difference what
you call it it just will drive people
crazy the argument goes like this
if you wanted to compare it to a
criminal trial you're doing it wrong
because in the criminal trial you have
the indictment which is like a mini
trial where some evidence is presented
but it's not the full thing and it's not
until you have the real trial that
everybody sees all of the evidence and
all of the arguments
so in that case it makes sense that the
only real trial is the trial and the
other one sort of didn't count so if the
trial doesn't work it makes perfect
sense that the indictment goes away as
well but in the appeasement you've got
two votes instead of one jury trial
you've got the house votes to send it to
the Senate and then the Senate has to
vote again to remove now let me ask you
this what is the point of impeaching the
only point of impeaching at least in
terms of constitutional reasons is to
remove somebody from office so if you
have an impeachment without the removing
from office
have you impeached or is it simply an
attempted impeachment that failed and I
would add this to it I would say that
you were if you're going to use the
analogy to a jury trial which again is
completely irrational this is just for
fun analogies are not or no way to argue
but if you wanted to for fun to drive a
Democrat crazy you would say you know if
you want to make that analogy to a
criminal trial I would say that an
impeachment the jury is the combined
house the votes plus the Senate in other
words they're all looking at the same
trial which happens in the house because
the Senate doesn't have a separate trial
the Senate is just voting on what they
see which is the same thing but the
house saw so it says if the house plus
the Senate or just one jury trial they
just voted in two parts so if you have a
one jury trial and the the some of that
is that they find him acquitted would it
not make sense that the impeachment
which only had one purpose to remove
somebody from office if it didn't happen
I would say the impeachment didn't
happen so I'm adding that to the mix I
don't think that makes much difference
all right let's talk about the
coronavirus ambassador Chinese
ambassador to the United States was on
Face the Nation and was asked if the
coronavirus could have come from a bio
lab in China now have I taught you how
to detect line let me give you an
example of a liar versus an honest
person I would like to call him my
assistant Dale I'm going to accuse Dale
of something he did not do and I want
you to show how somebody answers a
question honestly this example Dale is
completely innocent Dale are you a
serial killer who just killed 15 people
yesterday no what the hell are you
talking about get out of here with that
I'll kill you I'm gonna sue you if you
tell anybody like that that's ridiculous
if the person says no and gets a little
angry and wonders what the hell is wrong
with you for even asking the question
probably telling you the truth
now I'm going to give you a second
example in which Dale is guilty all
right and this is this example he's
actually guilty Dale are you a serial
killer and do you kill somebody
yesterday why would you ask that
question I think there's not really much
evidence of who did the killing that's
kind of ambiguous people are looking at
the evidence or trying to figure that
out what have you heard that's guilty
innocent people say no what the hell are
you talking about
guilty people say well I'm gonna leave
the door open I'm not sure I'll give you
an exact answer what do you know what do
you know now I'm going to play for you
the ambassador to the United States his
name I don't know if I can pronounce it
right I hope I do ambassador I think
it's cui Tiankai may be sweet or cui I
think it's cui Tiankai
so you'll be asked on Face the Nation
I'll play it for you
they'll listen to his answer after this
setup there's a lot of unknown and a lot
of suspicion
because of that and in fact this week
Senator Tom cotton who sits on the
Senate Intelligence and Armed Services
Committee suggested that the virus may
have come from China's biological
warfare program that's an extraordinary
charm yes what do you say no I think
it's true that a lot is to unknown what
in our scientists Chinese scientists
American scientists scientists of other
country are doing their best to learn
more about the virus
what but it's a very harmful it's very
dangerous to stop suspicion rumors and
spread them among the people for one
thing this will create panic for another
say that it will send up racial
discrimination xenophobia all this in
that were really harm our joint efforts
to combat the virus of course there are
all kinds of a speculation rumors there
are people who are saying that these
virus are coming from some military lab
not of China maybe in the United States
yeah maybe the United States how can you
believe all these places it's crazy it's
probably accordance with some initial
outcome of the research probably coming
from some animals but we have to to
discover more so that's not like a no
now I would add this if seems unlikely
to me that the Ambassador would actually
know the truth because let's say
hypothetically it was a bio weapon would
would the people who know it's a bio
weapon again hypothetically would they
tell their ambassador no no they would
not tell their ambassador so the first
thing you should know is the Ambassador
doesn't know he doesn't know if it's a
bio weapon because they would never tell
him because you wouldn't want him
talking to anybody else and saying you
know hey Bob don't tell anybody but it
was it was us it was a bio weapon
because you know we've got you know that
we have this guy bugged from top to
bottom there's nothing he could ever say
that we would
are you saying you know I'm even on
encrypted lines we probably can get to
get into all of that so I doubt that if
China knew it was a bio weapon if they
know was there it's just hypothetically
there's no way they're gonna tell their
ambassador that would be crazy but let
me ask you this if you're the ambassador
if you're the ambassador and you know
that you're going to be asked this
question wouldn't you go to your bosses
whether that's President Xi or somebody
else I up wouldn't you go to your bosses
and say something like this hey boss I'm
gonna get this question they're gonna
ask if it came from our bio lab can I
deny it flatly apparently nobody told
him to deny it flatly why would they not
deny it when it would be such a bad
thing if we were left to suspect it was
true what recent history have we seen in
which a government got caught doing
something terrible that killed its own
people and initially denied it where
have we seen that recently
Iran Iran denied that they shot down the
Ukraine Airlines and then when they got
cornered they had to come clean what did
that do to the government of Iran
destabilized a lot it was a gigantic
mistake for Iran to try to cover up
something that ultimately would
certainly be discovered just a complete
mistake China might not want to make the
same mistake and one way that you could
avoid making that mistake is to leave
open the door that we just don't know
what it is because then if it turns out
that you know some I don't know
hypothetically if we could somehow prove
it came from their bioweapons lab and I
don't know that that happened but if it
happened there would still be a little
bit cleaner than Iran's leadership was
which flatly said it didn't happen
China did not flatly say it and say that
they were innocent they didn't say it
worse
I taught you that a hypnotist learned
that people say exactly the truth but
accidentally in other words their choice
of words is a tip-off listen to the
first word I think that it's true now
the part the second part of that
sentence is it's true that it's unknown
which isn't even an answer to the
question right it's true that it's
unknown she didn't say she didn't say
can you address the unknown she said did
it come from your bio lab and his first
words were it's true that we don't know
where it came from so a hypnotist would
say that is a you know Freudian type of
slip in which he told you directly that
it's true
now I don't think he knows whether it's
true or not but he's probably heard
better rumors and we have if you know
what I mean and that he sounds like he
suspects is true now we can't read his
mind but the choice of words leaves that
open all right let us go through the the
facts and the evidence and see if we can
get closer to understanding something
about this corona virus all right so
here are some facts that seem relevant
and you know important there's not every
fact about the corona virus but they're
the ones that matter if you're trying to
decide was it an animal and an accident
or a bioweapons thing so here are the
some of the things is it super viral
don't really know
it seems that's difficult to find out if
we're counting everything right so we
actually don't know if it's more viral
than let's say a normal virus would be
that came from an animal does it only
kill people who are ethnically Chinese
or Asian we don't know but there's some
indication that there's a difference and
I'll get to these in a minute we know
that's near the Luhan bio weapon lab is
that a coincidence be a pretty big one
we know that China is lying but they
always lie so that doesn't tell you much
and we know that the Ambassador was
weirdly vague about this that's a red
flag and we know that the u.s. is did
not act as concerned as some people
thought they should in other words they
didn't immediately close the airport why
did they know something about it that we
don't so let's let's take these and
decide whether it's more likely that it
was an animal or a bioweapon now let's
say the only things you knew is that
there was a virus that acted a certain
way and there there are two theories one
is it's a bio weapon and one that it
came from an animal if that's all you
knew there were no other facts you
didn't know any of this
all you knew is it's another one of
these coronavirus this things that
usually come from animals which would be
the more likely explanation well I hate
to make this less interesting than it
could be but by far the normal
explanation is far and away the most
likely explanation because that's normal
animal to human as normal happens all
the time how often has a bio weapon
escaped from a lab I know never so one
of these is really exotic and it would
be hard to believe the other one is
completely normal but let's look at the
facts and see if one of them fits better
if it's super viral does that tell you
it's a bio bio weapon
maybe but we don't know that it's super
viral and we also don't know what is the
most viral that something could be
coming from an animal so I say the super
virality of it is first of all unknown
and so it doesn't tell you anything how
about the fact that it might only kill a
certain kind of person
well that would indicate it's a bio
weapon right it turns out no no because
we know that there's experience with
other viruses that there are micro
differences in ethnicities and sometimes
that that micro difference and it could
be just your some have said that the
receptors a certain kind of you know
what is it
I don't know East to receptor or
something in the lungs is different with
Asian men than with anybody else
and that those are the ones that stars
and coronaviruses stick to so it's
possible you could have a normally
occurring virus that comes from an
animal and actually seems to target one
ethnicity more than others completely
possible yeah it's the likely ace two
receptors that's one hypothesis out
there so the first two are ambiguous
meaning it doesn't really tell you
anything about which option is now how
about the fact it was near by of the
main bio weapon place what about that
what are the odds that this virus that's
so scary would just naturally improve
incidentally come out right next to a
bioweapons lab what are the odds of that
don't be fooled because here's what
here's what the trick is you know we can
easily be fooled to think coincidences
mean something here's how you should see
this there's one coincidence we know
about that that bioweapons lab was
nearby where it started but you could
almost guarantee that there would be
some coincidences in this story because
coincidences are so common that
you'd be surprised if they're worth one
of that specific coincidence maybe one
in several thousand very unlikely but
the odds of some coincidence that is
also unlikely was very good so the odds
of some coincidence was very high and
that's what you should be looking at not
the odds that this specific one was
uncommon because something uncommon was
likely to have happened if not this
something else so you can't really rule
out there was just an animal
it's a coincidence all right what about
the fact that China is obviously lying
about this thing does that tell you that
it's a bio weapon
unfortunately no because China lies
about anything that would make China
look bad so whether it started with an
animal arose a bio weapon you're
probably going to suspect that they're
lying even if they're not so this
doesn't really tell you as much as you'd
think
what about the fact that we just talked
about the Ambassador being vague and you
know looking like he was lying about it
well I don't think he knows you know
common sense tells you he doesn't know
so he can't tell you anything and it
makes sense if you're an ambassador to
leave open all your options so it could
be that he's doing nothing but leaving
his options open but he doesn't really
know so you can't really determine from
him what about the fact that the u.s.
seemed a little under concerned could it
be because we know it's a bio weapon
that only kills people you know a
certain ethnic group and it would be
hard for that to take hold in this
country because we're screening pretty
well so maybe the u.s. knows more than
you and I know in other words the
government does and maybe they didn't
think it was such a big risk to us but
far more likely the government just
acted slowly because they were competing
interests probably there were people who
said no people will lose a lot of money
if you close down the airports other
people saying no no we don't want to
insult China it would look like a slap
in the face that will cost us later when
we're negotiating for the trade deal
so you can't you can't rule out it was
just the government being the government
and having competing interests and
acting too slowly so all of these facts
support both hypotheses but one of them
happens all the time at least we know
what's happened before and one of them
has never happened so so far I'd have to
say by far the most likely explanation
is it's an animal it's a coincidence
where it was etc but those are not the
only possibilities so just drawing this
out if it were a bio weapon again I'm
not saying it is I'm just walking
through the the thinking here if it were
a bio weapon
it's either made by China or made by an
enemy of China I think that's reasonable
right if China made it I think you'd
have to call it a mistake
in other words something got out there
shouldn't have gotten out now if it
turns out that it's only killing you
know mostly local Chinese ethnically
Chinese folks whether they're American
citizenship or not you'd have to say
that's a really big mistake because why
would they release something that only
kills their own people that would be the
biggest mistake you make and why would
they be building why would trying to
make a bio weapon that kills them faster
than it kills their enemies doesn't make
sense right well it is possible under
the mistaken scenario that they have
lots of let's say there are lots of
viruses that they're working on and they
haven't tested them all so they don't
know exactly which ones do what so maybe
maybe this was on the list hasn't been
tested they didn't know it would affect
one group more than another does they
hadn't tested it and it got it so China
made a mistake totally feasible fits
every fact no problem at all it
completely fixed the facts that doesn't
mean that happened or even that it's
likely it just fits the facts now let's
say it was an enemy of China who would
do such a thing
is there any such thing as an enemy of
China who's such an enemy that they
would do this
and when why this of all things well
what kind of it I'm used to they have
there's the weekers now if it turned out
that the virus only kills ethnic Chinese
and doesn't affect we Gers except maybe
they get a cold you'd say to yourself
that's kind of the perfect weapon if I
were a Weger well let me ask you this if
you were a Weger and you had were a
sympathizer and you had access to a bio
weapon they would kill the the Chinese
people but not people who are ethnically
we Gers would you use it yeah you would
totally you would totally use it and I
would argue that they would be justified
now you say to yourself wait wait it's
not justified to kill civilians by the
thousands you know just because you've
got this issue with the government in
what world is it okay that kills
citizens who have nothing to do with
anything because you're mad at the
government for putting you in
concentration camps to which I say
totally legitimate let me give you an
analogy no analogy is of course will not
persuade you but it'll make you think
about it differently let's say you were
Jewish in World War two
you were living in Germany and you saw
the Holocaust starting and you saw that
the German citizens were supporting they
of course they didn't have too much
power to stop their government but the
German citizens by being quiet about it
and not protesting sort of quietly
supported this Holocaust now let's say
you invented a bio weapon that would
kill only Germans it's not really
possible but you know just for kicks
let's say it only killed Germans but it
would kill all of them it would kill
every German it would kill every citizen
who had nothing to do with the Holocaust
they were just minding their own
business would you be morally justified
in using it yes yes you would because
all of the citizens of Germany were
enablers for the
Holocaust if you were if your family or
you were part of the Holocaust meaning
you are the victims would you have any
qualms about wiping out with the entire
civilization that supported it directly
or indirectly personally no qualms I
wouldn't lose a night of sleep under
that situation not it not a night of
sleep so here's a here's a question for
you
I doubt the we girls have access to this
technology but you can imagine there's a
maybe a Weger sympathizer who works in
the bio weapons lab but that person
would be killing probably his own people
because I doubt they'd let anybody who's
ethnically Weger work in a bioweapons
lab right there are probably no leaders
working in the bio weapons lab so I
would say that's very unlikely
they have a reason they have the best
reason but very unlikely they had the
access to do that what about never again
errs you know this you know the phrase
never again it refers to the Holocaust
and it's a famous thing where people say
you know it happened once because people
turned their they turned their heads and
you know they weren't fighting hard
enough not talking about the government
we're talking about the people the
people let a holocaust happen the people
of the world and never again well there
are two versions of never again one is
will never again let the Jewish people
be rounded up into a holocaust perfectly
reasonable interpretation here's another
one do you mean it are you serious about
never again because if you're serious
about it it's not limited to the Jewish
population if you really mean never
again like you really mean it like
you're not just doing it for your people
if you really mean it you mean it what
is never again mean it means never
under no circumstances never not for the
Jewish population not for the Muslim
population not for any population never
means never now if you were of that
philosophy and I would imagine a lot of
people are if you are of that philosophy
and you have a chance to destroy a huge
part of the Chinese population maybe
destabilize the country destroy their
government kill tens of thousands of
people but at the end of it there might
be a good chance that the the Uighur
population was released would you do it
yeah you would would you have a moral
qualms about destroying tens of
thousands maybe millions of people in
the country who had nothing personally
to do with the wiggers being rounded up
but there were enablers they are right
now they are enablers they are allowing
their government to do it would you have
any moral qualms about that yeah look at
the comments nope
you would not so could you say that
there's nobody in the world and any bio
lab anywhere no scientist is there
nobody who could have made a virus that
would target the Asian population now I
think well you know there's a good
chance we'll find out that maybe it
doesn't target anybody in particular
those are unknowns so if it turns out it
kills everybody equally well then I
think you could eliminate these
possibilities because nobody would build
a bio weapon that kills their own people
at the same rate as killing the enemy it
doesn't kind of doesn't make sense would
it be the u.s. I can't see any situation
in which the US would do this can you I
do we don't even need to talk about it
do we there's no situation in which the
US government the government would do
this but is there one scientist in any
lab in any country who says that never
again actually means never again does
such a person exists who also has access
to a bioweapon
almost certainly almost certainly the
odds of at least one person who has this
kind of access in technology being a
never again err which is a perfectly
reasonable thing to be the odds of at
least one person having this motive and
the opportunity pretty good pretty good
close to a hundred percent doesn't mean
they did it but they're there a motive
and their opportunity probably a hundred
percent chance that that happened all
right so if you're looking at the facts
unfortunately the facts support every
hypothesis if you're looking at the odds
and you were gonna bet money if you were
gonna bet money bet on the animal
alright because given that all of these
scenarios fit all of the facts that we
know so far
take the common one it takes the most
common explanation the one that you
would expect here's another one came
from an animal it's a problem we're
gonna take care of it if it turns out
it's a bioweapon and I don't think we're
gonna find that so that's my prediction
my prediction is that the ordinary will
win but if we found out it was a
bioweapon what are the odds that China
made a mistake pretty good pretty good I
would say that the China made a mistake
is higher than enemy of China so I think
this is the the lowest odds is that it's
some clever enemy of China doing a never
again or situation alright looking at
your comments all right so what I wanted
to do was just lay this out so you can
see how the thinking works and maybe not
draw conclusions yet because I'm not
sure if everybody knew that all of the
facts we know fit the ordinary the
ordinary story that it was an animal
just like they say now what about the
fact that it happened near the lab
coincidences happen in fact coincidences
are so common there was going to be a
coincidence weather was that one or some
other one that also made you suspicious
well
what's gonna happen all right that's all
for now and I will talk to you later