let me finish just robing only the
sweater only the
sweater well looks like the stock
market's kind of flat but bitcoin's up
about
6% makes
sense Let's uh get your comments going
and we'll have a
show a show of
[Music]
shows there we go
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this up to levels
that nobody can even understand with
their tiny shiny human brains all you
need for that is a cuper Mugger a glass
a tanker chal Stein a canteen jug a
flask a vessel of any kind fill with
your favorite liquid I like coffee join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine today the day the thing that
makes everything better simultaneous up
happens now
go
perfect oh thanks Paul
success all right well I'm going to
start with a quote from zuie those of
you on Aus probably know who zuie is uh
uh and there's some context to his post
but it's funnier without the context he
says subie says I think the idea of
having your own Island and inviting
people to it has been ruined
forever I've been laughing about that
all morning yeah yeah I think having
your own Island and inviting people to
it it's not looking like the best idea
anymore used to be something I wanted to
do well how many of you watch the Oscars
just kidding how can anybody watch that
crap it was just pure garbage I I tried
watching it for 10 seconds I was like
what the hell what am I
saying but uh apparently according to
end wokeness uh on a the uh the academy
has some kind of Oscar rules that
require diversity quotas around El you
can't be the best picture so if you
don't have the right mix of people you
you can't win best picture so one of the
movies that was at least a fan favorite
was a movie Reagan which is about Ronald
Reagan now don't you think the Ronald
Reagan movie if it were historically
accurate it's not going to look like
Roots am I right I mean it seems like if
you're doing a historically accurate
movie you kind of have to use the people
who were actually there but not in uh
not in the Oscar rules the the stupidity
of this and the pure absurdity of
requiring Dei representation on a Reagan
movie is hilarious what what would they
do if they remade
Roots would they say
well have to put a lot of these sleeves
are going to have to be bisexual or
something I don't know I don't know how
they handle that that's not my
problem nobody cared about it meanwhile
in Germany a car attacks some people
yeah a car attacks some people I read
the headlines and uh it was a car that
damn
car you know you can't trust
cars in Germany in America you can maybe
trust them a little bit more but even
here it's kind of tough no cars will
sometimes just turn on people and attack
them wait what oh there was a person
driving a person well that wasn't in the
headline I thought it was just the car
attacked
H well all right I'm not interested in
that story
um because that's the whole
story some some terrorist in a car I
assume I assume it was some terrorist uh
drove into a crowded people again
so maybe maybe a little more border
control would be good for
Germany according to Tech spot Rob
thubron is writing that that there's a
factory that's going to be built that
will make humanoid robots
but uh after a little uh process they'll
have the robots making other robots so
the the Holy Grail of robots is that the
robots make the other
robots and that really does change
everything because the cost of robots
will go down Etc and then doesn't seem
obvious to you that the the Tesla robot
you know Optimist whenever it comes out
does it seem obvious to you that
whenever musk puts a rocket on Mars you
know with a heavy payload because you
know his Rockets can handle a lot of
merchandise don't you think he's going
to have multiple robots and the robots
are going to set up some kind of a base
station and try to figure out how to
generate um oxygen you if they can power
themselves and they've got lots of spare
parts then if one of the robots breaks
the other robots can go fix it with the
spare parts and they can be up there
like toiling for years so that the next
time you land a rocket on Mars you've
got a whole like
Colony it's got oxygen and somehow
protected from the elements I don't know
how you do that but uh so it does make
me wonder if this is the beginning of
something big robots making
robots um so Trump is his usual uh
showman and he's announced that uh he's
going to have a crypto Reserve so he's
got some interesting teases today so
he's going to have a crypto Reserve in
the government and it would include the
obvious Bitcoin and ethernet but also
xrp and so and Ada and I don't know
anything about those um but here's the
thing you should
know that's probably the only way
America can
survive if you think well this is sort
of unnecessary and you know why does he
need to be so interested in crypto it's
because you're missing something big
it's unlikely that we'll be able to pay
off $35
trillion but we will be able to inflate
it until it's not worth that
much the only thing that'll have value
at some point will be crypto so crypto
will go up if it's the right kind this
doesn't apply to every crypto but
Bitcoin is you know artificially limited
by I guess the math of it so the value
of a Bitcoin will just keep going up so
I don't make
recommendations for your Investments
that's not my role and I'm bad at it but
I do say you should diversify so
diversification is the only financial
recommendation I make because that's the
one everybody agrees with that there's
nobody in the world who disagrees with
diversifying
so you should at least do your own
research and see if owning some Bitcoin
or ethernet maybe uh I don't know as
much about ethernet but
uh not ether what is it ethereum not
ethernet
ethereum um sorry I said ethernet
instead of
ethereum so I would look into it so my
own strategy is I own some just in case
but it's not a big part of my portfolio
at some point it might be all of it just
because it increases in
value um so that's going to
come then uh the CEO of Bank of America
says that as soon as it's legal to
launch a stable coin he's going to do it
now a stable coin would be a
crypto uh that is pegged to the
dollar so if you want to buy something
your your stable coin which whichever
one you create would have the same value
as the dollar and it would just always
stay the
same but I'm not sure I'd want one of
those I mean maybe it's good for some
transactions but if it decreases in
value as the dollar
deflates you know with inflation I don't
know that I'd ever want to hold a stable
coin seems like the opposite of good
financial management but maybe I'm
missing something again don't take my
advice for anything
Financial
um I guess tomorrow is it tomorrow or
today that doge is going to give the
first initial findings about the
Department of Defense now remember when
Elon Musk was on Joe Rogan and he said
that if anybody really knew the degree
of
corruption uh If he if he said it he
couldn't even he couldn't even say the
source of the corruption
he he would be
murdered and he's not joking I mean he's
not joking he does mean that and he
would be close enough to reality to know
that that's true
so uh the real dangerous one the most
dangerous is the Department of
Defense now think about this the
Department of Defense has never passed
an
audit and the the
NOS um are like a just a black box when
money goes to an NGO nobody knows what
happened and it there's no aiting
there's no uh anything it basically just
goes into people's pockets a lot of it
and then some of it gets used so they
can say oh yeah we we help some poor
people but I think maybe sometimes most
of it or a lot of it just goes into
these fake jobs it's like oh my spouse
is a consultant she she earns a million
dollars a year so let's put her on this
NGO and you wouldn't know there would be
no reporting this somebody put their own
wife on an NGO and cashed her out for a
million dollars a year so I assume
that's happening in a massive way
because it' be such an easy fraud to do
and it wouldn't even be fraud because if
she really did a little bit of
Consulting what are you going to do
she's just overpaid so it's sort of the
perfect crime
um apparently Trump is going to make
some kind of investment announcement at
1:30 eastern time today what do you
think that will be I love how he teases
it he doesn't tell you what it's going
to be he just teases it do you think is
Tik Tock I think Tik Tock is a good
guess maybe it's
Greenland I don't know maybe maybe it's
the mineral deal with Ukraine maybe
they've done some talking behind the
scenes I don't know maybe it's a Russian
mineral deal I don't know so I'd love to
know maybe it's I know Gaza or something
so there are a lot of things that could
be he's just
great and making us
wait he he's such a showman I kind of
love it and hate it at the same time
because I want to know the answer but I
love the fact that he teases us it's
kind of
fun um and then he said I think this is
separate he said that tomorrow night
will be big uh I will tell it like it is
so I guess that's when he gives his talk
to Congress is that what that is so he's
going to tell it like it is what do you
think that will include it sounds like
he's going to break
news do you think he's going to say we
should pull out a NATO and the
UN because you know he doesn't like to
be outdone when it comes to bold action
and now that Elon Musk has said publicly
we should get out of NATO and also get
out of the UN How Will trump not go
further it's his nature to not be the
not be the most timid one in any
situation so it's almost like he has to
kind of top that so I don't know you
might make some decisions about NATO and
the UN we'll say I'm having trouble
forming an opinion about those um
obviously it's more America First for us
not to be defending Europe when Europe's
trying to take away our free speech so
there's that
um but uh I don't know enough to know if
there's any way it helps us be
safer it doesn't feel like Russia is
going to invade one of the you know
standard European countries that they've
never had an interest in in the past you
they might do a little more
adventurousness where where there are
Russians speaking people uh maybe more
than that but uh I don't see them going
after a NATO country even if we're not
part of it because they Russia wouldn't
know that we wouldn't want to get
involved and if there's another
president might want to just sign up
again in NATO so that'll be
fun meanwhile Democrats are trying to
figure out how to be more like
Republicans and that's their strategy so
according to uh
reports a New York Post is reporting
that a group of moderate Democrats had a
little uh gathering in Virginia last
month and they were trying to figure out
how to make the Democrats more
competitive guess what they
decided that the way to make the
Democrats more competitive is to stop
saying dumb dumb Democrat stuff and
basically say what the Republicans are
saying so listen to these actual
ideas uh Democrats focused too much on
America's flaws like racism sexism
inequality without acknowledging the
country's progress and potential what
does that sound like that's a
republican um Embrace patriotism
community and traditional American
imagery what's that sound like
Republican avoid overly moralistic and
condescending messaging speak plainly
and directly what's that sound like
Republican
and then own the failures of the
democratic governance in large cities
and commit to improving local government
well if all they're doing is
acknowledging that the that those cities
are a mess it's just like
Republicans so here's what the Democrats
get
wrong Trump as far as I can tell is
authentic meaning I'm not aware of
anything Trump has ever suggested or
done an executive order on that wasn't
right in the middle of his historical
opinion about things so he's never liked
regulation so he's cutting regulation
he's never liked taxes so he's trying to
cut taxes and he's never liked War so
he's trying to get in a war but when I
look at the Democrats they're literally
theater kids and they're trying to
figure out how to pretend pretend to be
Republicans so they can win elections
it's so obvious that they don't feel
these
things because they're not saying be
authentic and just say what you mean
because they know that just crazy
would come out it's like oh got
intersectionality we got more Dei
everybody's a racist so they they can't
do that so they have to literally
pretend that the last 20 years didn't
happen and they never meant any of that
in the first
place isn't it funny that their strategy
is to reject everything they told you
was critical and the most important
thing in the world for 20 years because
they know they can't win in that and
that's the only reason they're going to
they're going to change now do you think
that somebody could run against a
republican who's got a track record of
believing Republican things and always
has versus the theater kids pretending
to me oh I love America now look at my
flag I put a flag on my car oh now
that's completely different did you
notice the flag on my car I don't think
they can pull it off even the theater
kids
anyway meanwhile on the same topic
Governor Nome is going to is starting to
clear the flamable brush from California
Forest um and as you know Trump had told
them that they should be doing that now
he's done it before so it's not like
they've never done it but uh New York
Post is reporting on this so he tapped
into his emergency powers and what he
had to do in order to clean up the
forests is he had to get rid of
regulations okay what's that sound
like so he uses his emergency powers to
get rid of several regulations there
more more than one because they just
couldn't do the common sense thing of
making the forests you know less
susceptible so isn't that just being a a
republican like are we not supposed to
notice that the only useful things
they're doing are directly cribed from
the party that they say are Hitler uh
yeah you guys are all Hitler but you got
a lot of good ideas so you know if you
get rid of the Hitler part I like the
part about no regulations and cleaning
up our forest it it's just it's just
crazy
stuff anyway
that's
happening there's now there's a so this
would be the opposite this this would be
California act Democrats acting like
Democrats you won't even believe this
one if you haven't already heard this
story you're going to think I made it up
because this so freaking
dumb so there's a bill being introduced
so it's not passed it's just a bill that
would require homeowners to quote
exhaust every reasonable means to escape
if bad people break into your house
while you're there um so you can't
confront them especially with deadly
force um or else you'll face homicide
charges the post millennial is writing
about this Hayden cutting him now can
you even believe that's real now it's
not real yet because it hasn't been
voted on but it's a Democrat plan in a
Democrat state so I don't know if
there's a good chance of it being passed
but can you even
imagine what this
does it so again it's the don't
understand human motivation it's just so
consistent if you say you know there's a
rich house over there and even if they
have a gun they can't use it because
they'll go to jail for murder so go
ahead and break into that one and uh if
they try to escape just let them uh
they'll have to run out the door and let
you loot it you know at your
leisure now of course the first thing I
think is how are they going to know you
exhausted all your
options it if the police arrived and
there's three home Invaders bleeding to
death on the ground and they're they're
already already
dead are you going to be able to say
well uh are they going to say to you did
you exhaust all your options
or are you going to say yeah they
wouldn't let me leave there was nothing
they could do they threatened to kill me
I I've exhausted all my options so
you're kind of forcing homeowners to
lie to protect their own home it's the
craziest thing and every time the
Democrats come up with a new idea it
feels like it's designed to drive
Californians out of their houses uh
let's raise the taxes on your house what
okay I I'm not even sure I'll be able to
stay in my house let's give you no
insurance you won't be able to buy fire
Insurance what everybody can buy fire
Insurance NOP not you not in California
well but what are the odds of a fire oh
really high really high we're going to
make sure that we haven't taking care of
that now maybe that's changing with with
Nome but uh and you know the stores are
going to be uh available for people to
just take anything they
want it it just all seems like it's the
same thing it's like Democrats are
literally trying to take everything you
have and give it to people who have been
in the country for a month and it's so
consistent it's hard to imagine it's any
kind of accident because the theme is
just so striking it's so obvious
anyway according to the New York Post
editorial board uh the Western countries
must soon admit it the Paris Accord
that's the climate change agreement was
a disastrous mistake now of course Trump
is pulling out or has pulled out as he
did in the first term but Biden put us
back in there so here's here's what has
been accomplished after trillions of
dollars have been sent spent trying to
curb greenhouse gases
trillions um Global emissions have
increased by
6% since the Paris Accord was signed and
of course the main reason is that China
and India um we're just going nuts and
of course the carbon doesn't doesn't
respect borders
so everybody's got more but here are
some of the things that some individual
companies did so Germany trying to be as
green as possible uh not only tried to
phase out its fossil fuels but even shut
down all its nuclear
reactors because somehow they were
convinced that nuclear reactors were not
green
that's the greenest technology there is
ask France it's not like you it's not
like France didn't exist which has very
robust you know nuclear energy sort of
the Envy of other countries I would say
it it's not like Germany didn't
notice that France was in a much better
situation
so so they basically crippled themselves
so that uh energy is hard to get which
means the price will be high which means
the things manufacturer will be a higher
price but uh it gets
worse um well actually the Germans voted
for a change in Direction this is also
from the New York Post so they've got a
new person there they elected Friedrich
Ms so he said he's going to prioritize
the economy over Waring on carbon so
what does that sound like a
republican it's just a
republican but here's one that blew me
away British economic growth has been
anemic for
years and one of the biggest reasons is
because the uh the Industrial and
Commercial electric rates in the UK are
among the highest in the world it's four
times more expensive just energy-wise to
make something in the UK just the energy
part now of course that's always a big
part so how can they even be globally
competitive if they've trippled
themselves so every single thing they
make is going to be wildly overpriced
compared to everybody else and they
didn't see that coming like nobody could
see that coming it was the most obvious
thing you could ever imagine that if you
used less efficient forms of energy
prices go
up if you close down other forums you
know prices go
up and
uh so they call them an eon IST you know
beor lomor I wouldn't call him a climate
change um
denier rather he's a you know that even
in the worst case scenario it doesn't
look like it'd be that bad so he points
out that uh uh even if global warming is
kind of what you think it is and by the
way I don't think he calls himself an
economist but the New York posted and he
said that uh the difference would be
that uh
by
2100 your your growth would be 435 per
instead of
450% basically you wouldn't even notice
the effect of climate change on your
economy in between now and
2100 that's a long time long
time well in related news and I'd like
to say before I
start you're taking my CO2 it's my plant
food all the plants are going to die die
if you try to take the CO2 out of the
air all the plants will die don't you
understand it's plant food you fool
swimming is the best exercise use a
French press soil and green as people so
those of you who are NPCs you need to
say the most obvious thing that you
could say after I read this
story so Yale announced has some kind of
super efficient way to turn um carbon
dioxide into usable energy with
Incredible efficiency now I won't read
you the details but um it's it turns it
into something called methanol which
could be used as a fuel but I think it
also uses a lot of energy to get it done
so I don't know if it's in net positive
or not but it is interesting that they
have they have a way to turn CO2 into a
useful
fuel right they're going to kill all the
plants they're going to take all my CO2
I don't know they'd have to work pretty
hard to suck enough out of the a that
they could make up for whatever China
and India are going to be doing for the
next 100 years I think your plant will
be
okay well data Republican the data
analyst who's just making a lot of waves
on
X um was talking about the NOS on a
podcast and I think I heard that there
are 55,000
ngos in other words 55,000 entities that
directly or indirectly take money from
the United States government and have no
accountability 55,000 of
them if you have any doubt that this is
a money laundering operation in addition
to it might do some good things but it
seems like it's at least half of it is
money laundering but also a sort of a
parallel government because they can
control so much to the NGS uh everything
from uh censoring people
to um all kinds of probably some lawfare
just all kinds of things um so it's a
way to control the country but also
probably a money laundering thing but uh
data Republican says that 7,000 of them
are politically connected and ordering
90% of all the taxpayer money meant for
nonprofits so apparently there's about
300 billion a year that our government
puts into these
NGS and with zero transparency so nobody
knows where the money goes after it goes
there isn't that
mindblowing that we don't know like the
the Department of Defense has never
passed an audit and there might be a
trillion dollars missing we don't know
and 300 billion a year go into these NOS
which have no accountability and just
sort of
disappears now under those circumstances
do you think there's any chance it's not
corruption
what what else could it be because the
most you know everybody would at least
have a report of how the money got spend
so they could get more next time but
apparently their their access to money
the NOS is not an any way affected by
what they do with the money that answers
all the questions if their performance
with the last money you gave them
doesn't make any difference to how much
you get next time that's got to be
corruption right what what would be the
other way to explain that I can't think
of any way it's that's just
obvious and Elan mus said that the he
said on Joe Rogan that the NOS are among
the biggest scams ever now the fact that
it's only among the biggest
scams it's only among them what the hell
else does he know about that we haven't
heard yet I think it has to do with the
Department of Defense but maybe also
fake Social Security and Medicaid
payments or something like that so
there's probably at least one thing he
knows that's even bigger than
that
wow so don't you
feel that at least those of us who
follow Doge and we know what's going on
which seems to not include any of the
Democrats by the way the Democrats are
not complaining about any NOS have you
heard any Democrats complain about it
they say
things like oh uh we it's good to cut
costs who who would be against waste
Fraud and
Abuse but Republicans say okay you got
to get rid of these NOS because they're
not accountable there's no way this is a
good idea but the Democrats are just oh
no they're fine just let's just uh we'll
get rid of the waste Fraud and Abuse how
there's no accounting if there's no
accounting and no auditing how are you
going to get rid of any waste Road and
abuse so I I think we can tell it makes
me wonder to what extent all the
highlevel Democrats know that the NOS
are a scam and and they know that that's
largely why it's organized that way I
feel like all the top ones know it you
know certainly the Pelosi Schumer you
know Chris Murphy type top Democrats
they must all know
that amazing
um so I guess uh Kier starmer he hosted
20 of his allies to talk about what to
do with Ukraine now that the United
States had a bad meeting with
zinski but um here's something that
Trump does all the time that I've talked
about a number of times but I don't
think I've talked about it once during
his second term I talked about it a lot
during the first term Trump always finds
these weird little situations where he
has two ways to win and no way to lose
so that's what happened with the the the
dust up with
zalinski one way to win is that he would
slap zalinski back into line and then
the deal would be signed and at least
during his term probably Putin would you
know would pull back now I don't know
that that would last forever but Trump
would be able to claim victory if he got
a good deal and then he you know said
look four years and Putin well I guess
it' be three three years and Putin has
pulled his military back everything's
looking good but if that didn't happen
and the deal blew up then he can say all
right we're getting out of NATO because
you guys are basically worthless and
it's not good for America if if the
zinsky meeting had not gone the way it
did could he have sold getting out of
NATO now I don't know if he can or we'll
try but he can now like that open the
door to all right maybe we should
rethink this whole situation so he's got
two ways to win either gets the deal and
three years of no Putin invading you'll
look like a hero at least for three
years and the other way is that he gets
to pull out of NATO save a bunch of
money and let Europe defend itself maybe
he even gets rid of the US at the same
time so I don't know if that might be
one of the announcements or the the the
hard truths he's he's planning to give
when he gives his speech but am I wrong
that he found a way to have two ways to
win there really wasn't a way to
lose he could either win pretty good or
he could win huge and it looks like he's
leaning toward winning huge but I think
zilinsky said well we could still make a
deal'
now now the the people who are really
bad at understanding the world probably
thought zinski is never going to agree
to the deal to which I said if it was
ever a good deal or ever the best deal
he could get he'll agree to it if it
wasn't a good deal then you won't agree
to it but it has nothing to do with the
the words they said in the office if
it's a good deal everybody does it
that's just how deals work it's just
transactional well apparently European
leader
according to Fox News Michael Lei uh
they're a little bit on edge because
Trump is thinking about they think they
think Trump might pull 20,000 troops out
of Europe uh the current number flu well
the number of US troops in Europe
according to Fox News fluctuated between
75,000 and
105,000 now I think Biden increased it
so losing 20,000 out of
100,000 I feel like that wouldn't leave
you know Europe
unprotected um but it would save some
money perhaps so yeah I think that'll
probably
happen I think it's funny that uh the UK
is is calling their idea for having
France and the UK and Europe uh putting
putting uh actually military forces
boots on the ground in Ukraine to to
prevent you know further Russian attacks
that they're calling it The Coalition of
the
Willing the Coalition of the Willing so
I think that would make America the
Coalition of the unwilling like H Maybe
not maybe maybe you could go do it
yourself how about that Coalition of the
unwilling meanwhile representative Andy
ogles from Tennessee Republican he uh
he's pursuing legislation to amend the
Constitution to give Trump a third
term now I would say the odds of that uh
a constitutional amendment passing to
give Trump a third term is basically
zero so I don't think it's going to
happen but it makes you wonder um this
is reported by just the news uh makes
you wonder does he really think that
could happen like that's what he's going
to spend his time on something that has
no chance whatsoever of passing unless
something you know outside of the legal
process happen which I hope not so let
me say uh
unreservedly I am not in favor of a
third Trump term not in favor now I
might be if we didn't have JD Vance and
others who are pretty strong but I feel
like Trump has now set the stage he
created the frame and the the
Republicans have a pretty good bench
they've got some strong players so so
once he sort of created this idea of
what can work and what can be popular um
seems to me that you don't need somebody
who's in his mid 80s and everybody's
calling him a dictator because you know
he served more than two terms however it
happens so I'm against it I I don't want
a president who's that age you know what
a third term would look like I don't
want that
age um although I must say Trump
currently he just looks great for his
age he looks
great anyway remember remember I told
this story about
Norway uh Norway had this big Fuel Depot
that would fuel American warships that
were in the area around Norway and they
were mad about the zalinsky meeting so
they decided that they wouldn't sell
fuel to the American uh Navy around
Norway and I said what kind of an idea
is that they've decided to punish
themselves by making less money and
being less
safe because it's not like we're going
to rush to protect them if they're not
going to sell us fuel for naval
ships well it took about one day for the
government of Norway to say this is
again Michael Lee from Fox News uh the
government of Norway to say um no we
don't mean that no oh we're we're
totally going to sell you fuel
everything's fine don't worry about that
so there must have been some crazy
person in charge of that that big
fueling company in Norway they
straightened that
out uh according to unusual whales on X
uh Pete Heth in the uh he's the defense
secretary um is told Mexican officials
that if Mexico didn't deal with the what
he calls the collusion between the
country's government and the drug
cartels the US military was prepared to
take unilateral
action uh actually this is President W
Wall Street Journal um and then the New
York Times reported that the cartels
were um I don't know how much you can
believe you tell me if this even sounds
believable do you believe that the
cartels are literally afraid already
because if they go to sleep their house
might blow up and it says there are
people who are shutting down their fenal
labs and people are you know not
sleeping in one place and and that
they're all worried and that
uh and that the government of Mexico
probably working with the US has already
arrested a whole bunch of people and
severely weakened the caloa cartel do
you believe
that I don't know it it's hard to
imagine that it could be true that
Mexico is making great
inroads um weakening the
cartels at the same time the Heth is
complaining that the government is
working with the cartels
now obviously that could be different
people you know the leaders maybe not
but maybe you know the middle middle
people maybe yes um just speculating so
I've always imagined it's a hybrid
situation where some members of the
government are just absolutely on the
take you know and support the the
cartels one way or another and maybe
some people aren't and the people aren't
probably get
killed so in the long run it seems like
they would all be supporting the the
cartels or they'd be dead so I wouldn't
trust anything that comes out of the
Mexican Government on that
topic
now I I promised you that this would be
a short
show and it is so that that's all I had
to talk about today I'll talk to the
people on locals for a minute but the
rest of you thanks for joining um you
know the the news is only funny when
Trump is directly involved so only only
Trump related stuff is like worth
talking about the rest is like blah blah
blah so you you wouldn't be surprised by
the rest of the news all right um so I'm
going to say bye to rumble and
x and YouTube and locals I'm going to
say hi to you
guys thanks for
joining
e
e
e e