mm that was not my best version of the
theme song right there not my best but
that means everything today is gonna be
straight uphill oh good news today man
got a lot to talk about and it's all fun
it's all good stuff
would you please grab your Stein your
chalice your tankard possibly your glass
your copper your mug
maybe sir mr. flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for this
simultaneous sip Oh
sublime well if you haven't noticed the
the Krypto news world is getting all
excited because because millionaire
genius Eric fitmin who I believe is
watching right now hi Eric did a
shout-out to the web token my startups
crypto and now there's Chinese websites
talking about it it's on Yahoo News it's
on a bunch of sites and one word from
Eric makes the world go crazy so we had
one of our biggest days I think our
biggest day in terms of trading was the
moment that Eric mentioned it so lots of
stuff happening there if you want yours
go to when hub comm to buy it directly
or you could leave maybe get a get a
bargain if you go too hot bit dot IO and
trade it there all right it's not that I
I'm running a poll right now on Twitter
and which I'm asking people is the fact
that Democrats are favoring Joe Biden
and saying that he has the best chance
to win because that's the reason they're
favoring him they say he has the best
chance to win
is that not a racist dog whistle it's
sort of a sexist dog whistle but is it
not a racist dog whistle I mean
according to the rules I don't make the
rules the rules are created by the
people I'm talking about not by me but
by their definition what could it
possibly mean to say thee has the best
chance of winning do they know that Cory
Booker is running do they know that
caramel heiress is running do they know
that Elizabeth Warren is running here's
my question is there anybody who thinks
that Joe Biden would do a better job in
the office than any of the three people
I just mentioned
okay can anybody say that he would do a
better job than one of those three
people I don't think so so what is it
that makes him the person who could win
is it because he speaks better in public
well that's not true is it because he's
younger and more energetic no is it
because of his experience well
unfortunately his experience is sort of
negative because he's got things in his
past there were opposite of current
democratic thinking is it because he's
so nimble as a politician well no he's
the gaffe machine if you were to look at
any one of his qualities is it because
he's the smartest no is it because he
has the best policies doesn't seem that
way so if he doesn't have any individual
quality that's better than the
individual qualities of the people who
are lower in the polls
what can we determine about Democrats I
think is racist and by the way I'm not
joking can you see it any other way
because once I say it you can sort of
see it like it's invisible until the
first time you hear it
but the fact the fact that he doesn't
have any quality that's better than the
other pack and yeah he's clearly the
favored the only one who can win I don't
know what else he has except he's an old
white guy now I know people are gonna
say name recognition but name
recognition is irrelevant in terms of
who's going to be you know running
against Trump because by the time you
get to the you know the final the final
run
everybody has name recognition whoever
Trump runs against is going to be really
really really well known so it doesn't
matter at this point I can see why
people would you know maybe vote for him
because they haven't heard of the others
at this point but it's one thing to say
that he's getting the most votes because
he has name recognition that's not
racist
would you agree it's not racist to say
somebody has more name recognition
that's just you can do a poll you can
determine that that's just the fact
there's no racism as part of that but to
take that to the next level and say he
has the best chance of winning based on
what based on the fact that a lot of
Democrats are also racist and sexist is
that what makes him better than all the
people who are smarter younger and more
nimble and have had policies that are
more compatible I don't know feels like
racism to me so I just put that out
there because it's fun so there's a New
York Times article in which they have
acknowledged that Google can brainwash
citizens at will have you seen that you
know I I floated the idea the other day
was a yesterday in which you could have
the social media platforms identify
people who are starting to get
radicalized by what they're watching and
what they're typing what they're saying
and what they're responding to and if
you identified them sort of in a digital
way if the system identified them
you could if you chose to start feeding
them content that would deprogram any
bad impulses and I said I'm pretty sure
that we already have the technology that
could do that and it's confirmed so the
New York Times confirmed it that Google
does have the technology to identify
what you're watching and reprogram your
brain any way they want it's it's a yeah
it's big article about it now the
context was not the way I just described
it but it says that pretty clearly what
it says is that there was some I guess
some liberal who got who got radicalized
by watching a bunch of YouTube by people
who were will say associated with the
right but they're more edgy and that
once once this person the subject of the
article once that person was exposed to
things that are from the right sort of
the Steven Stefan Molyneux kind of stuff
that YouTube started suggesting things
that were even further to the right so
YouTube actually reprogrammed this guy
from watching fairly innocuous content
you know the steven crowder is stefan
molyneux 'he's they're provocative but
they're certainly not you know racist
and any in any way that i would
recognize that word but youtube was
feeding this poor guy edgy reg year
racist stuff until he started watching
it so youtube actually turned a non
racist into a racist and they and they
essentially admit that they have that
technology think about it youtube
through their algorithm and according to
the new york times reporting and
according to the person they were
talking about actually brainwashed a
liberal into a racist that actually is
what the reporting happened now you
could ask yourself you know would
that have happened anyway was he leaving
that way and it wasn't really what he
watched on YouTube maybe maybe
internally he was already gonna go that
way and it didn't matter but I don't
think so I mean that might be true for
this individual but I'm fairly certain
that if they can cause you to watch
different things based on the
recommendation algorithm they can
reprogram you because why you watch is
what you become did you hear that what
you absorb in terms of information and
content is what you become it does turn
you into a different person so think
about that should it be legal for a
platform to brainwash you well let me
put it in the starkest terms it is now
it is now I would say demonstrated
beyond any doubt that I have and I think
it would be easily demonstrated beyond
any doubt that Congress would have if
they looked into it in fact there's a a
a critic Tristen you'll you'll probably
remind me of his last name tryst and
whoever who's worked on this kind of
stuff and says directly that is
brainwashing people now somebody says
isn't advertising brainwashing the
answer is it's a hybrid when you watch
an advertisement you know what their
intention is Tristan Harris yes that was
the name I looking for when you see an
advertisement you know it's an
advertisement you know that somebody is
trying to persuade you to buy a product
and you can feel it working or not
working you know in real time that is
brainwashing
it's influences persuasion you could put
ever whatever word you want on it but
what's different is its above board
they're saying here's an advertisement
if you watch this we're going to try to
talk you into our product we all get
that we understand it it's ubiquitous
that doesn't seem evil simply because
you have an option of turning away and
they're telling you exactly what
there's no no deception whatsoever
but if YouTube is giving you a
recommendation algorithm that's taking
you down a channel that you would not
have gone and the result of that is
brainwashing that's not full disclosure
that is them brainwashing you for profit
because that's why they do it they do it
to measure to measure how long you stay
in the video how many of you click that
sort of thing that is pure brainwashing
now why is that legal ask yourself why
that's legal let me ask you this if
somebody had a brainwashing website in
which they said okay I'm a hypnotist and
I'm gonna brainwash people coming here
and let's say it was aboveboard
they said I'm gonna brainwash you would
it be legal I don't think you would now
I don't know what specific law that
violates but I think of an actual
hypnotist at a site and said I'm just
brainwashing people I'm reprogramming
you people I'll even tell you I'm doing
it because it's still gonna work and it
would would that be legal I've seen a
number of cases where I thought I was
going to find a site like that and they
seemed to be banned in some way there's
some kind of ban against actually
intentionally brainwashing people think
about the internet if you do a search
for somebody who says okay I'm gonna
brainwash you now I don't think you'll
find it and you can find anything on the
Internet so I think there's something
illegal about it but I don't know the
details so if Congress if Congress were
presented with this proposition how
would they act the proposition is that
Google is intentionally brainwashing
citizens without their consent
what would Congress do about that well I
don't know if that's even illegal is it
illegal should it be illegal feels like
you should be illegal but I don't know
there's so much other influ
in the world yet where do you draw the
line see the problem is the influence
used to be something that not too many
people were good at as long as people
were not good at advertising and you
didn't noticed that that much if people
weren't good at manipulating you yeah
doesn't really matter because they
weren't good at it anyway
but now we have the science Google in
particular has literally brain
scientists looking at all this stuff to
ridicu which will cause you to be
brainwashed by those things you're
addicted to now so we've taken a skill
persuasion that was just sort of hit or
miss wasn't that powerful and raised it
to a professional you know military
level literally so at that point that's
just brainwashing and I don't know how
that remains legal except maybe the
Congress doesn't understand it or the
public doesn't understand it all right
so certainly we have I think we have
strong evidence that Google could
brainwash people against violence if
they chose to set their algorithms to do
that but we don't know if they will
here's the question for you I'm gonna
give you a oh and also in that same
article
I watched the continued conflation of
the people on the far right or I don't
even like to call them far-right but
it's the people who are literally the
KKK it's races and stuff and they get
conflated with YouTube stars that are
just concerned yeah so the the Crowder's
and Molyneux they're you know they they
inhabit kind of their own space but New
York Times likes to throw them in with
the you know the worst people in the
world just to make it all sound like
it's the same thing but but the worst
part about this is they're talking about
this kid who got a young guy who got
radicalized by looking at YouTube videos
and they throw Joe Rogan into the bus
Joe Rogan what has he got to do with
anything
and here's the problem and I saw this
coming a mile away
do you remember when
you first heard the term intellectual
darkweb and I guess was it
Brett Weinstein who came up with it I'm
not sure who came up with it but but
there was there was a notion for a while
that there was a certain group of people
that they would put in this category so
Weinstein Oh Erik I'm sorry not not very
Erik when see that you know Erik would
be in and Weinstein and I guess Jordan
Peterson and they threw Joe Rogan in
there and I don't know who else was
there but but for a while people were
asking me you know do i blog in that
group and i yeah and saya Maris and I
resisted it with all of my power well
the last thing I wanted to do Dave Rubin
yeah he would be in the group usually
considered that group the last thing
that I would ever want is to be
associated with a group doesn't matter
what the group is unless I've
intentionally joined because I didn't
want to get the treatment that Joe Rogan
just got Joe Rogan is as far as you can
get from whatever these you know bad
ideas are that that are being associated
with the far right I'm pretty sure he
doesn't embrace any of that but because
he got lumped in here's here's how it
works
he got lumped in with the intellectual
dark dark web which people have
illegitimately conflated with being
right-wing which then people continued
to conflate illegitimately with being
neo-nazis see how this works I can see
this coming from a mile away just so
when I first came up I was like no no no
I'm not in that group support poor Joe
Rogan who has done nothing but talk to
some people literally that's all he's
done he's talked to a few people who
were in this intellectual dark web and
that gets him associated in an article
with somebody who got radicalized into a
neo
I see is that fair is that fair to Joe
Rogan no that's about as unfreakin fair
as you could possibly get
it's like it my head almost exploded
when i when i read that the New York
Times was throwing Joe under the bus I
mean there's the that's despicable
there's no way there's no other way to
say that you know you want to call it
news
maybe it's news ish but it's despicable
to do that sort of thing it's just
despicable all right let's look at
something else have you noticed that the
Democrat candidates all look extra
boring somebody says I'm next I actually
looked through the article to see my if
my name was there and it wasn't so I had
to read the whole damn article just to
be sure I had not been sucked into that
intellectual dark web continuum until I
was you know the horrible most horrible
person in the world anyway so Trump has
made all the Democrats look boring and
this is a bigger problem than do you
think because if you're boring it's just
hard to get elected you know when was
the last time that the more boring
candidate won the election
that's a that's anonymous question I
don't even I don't know the answer to my
own question which I should if I if I
ask it you know in that kind of a way
can you think of an example where the
more boring candidate one Carter who do
you Carter run against
anyway so in our current media obsessed
world I don't think the boring candidate
can win unless they have some other
gigantic advantage I don't know what
that was or whatever that is and I think
I think that that's what's happening
because wouldn't you say that both the
left and the right are looking at the
Democrats and it's this gigantic group
of them and they're all saying they're
boring that's true right every but
everybody agrees that there's not a
single person and how many are there
twenty
there's not a single person who isn't
boring what are the odds that you would
have that many people running for
president and they're all boring and the
answer is they're not the answer is
they're not boring at all
they're only boring because President
Trump exists if President Trump had
never exists would anybody be calling
him boring right if there had never been
a candidate and then a president Trump
you would never hear that this group of
Democrats were boring because they
wouldn't seem that way to you they would
seem kind of interesting Hey look
there's Andrew you hang in there at
cetera all right so I've got a I have a
thought experiment for you but it goes
like this so I was talking about YouTube
and apparently YouTube is now banning
the the most racist KKK neo-nazi
material on YouTube and so that's all
that material that's associated with
being over the line is being banned and
apparently that's legal they can ban it
because it's a speech and whatnot but
let me ask you this what would happen if
all of those you know the the super
racist people whether they're white
supremacist or whether the KKK some
group neo-nazis what would happen what
would happen if they formed a religion
what if they formed a religion around
their most obnoxious beliefs and then
they went further and said we don't
believe in violence
suppose they renounced violence as part
of their religious platform and said yes
we renounce violence but we still want
to believe all these things and talk
about all these horrible racist things
would they be protected because it was a
religion I think so right
and let's let's make it more interesting
as a thought experiment let's say there
was a country called elbonia
and the elbonian had a religion that was
super racist but not violent
super racist but they issued issued
violence would they be allowed to
immigrate to this country would we say
well it's a religion we don't like it oh
you know it's a religion would we allow
them to the country I don't know I don't
know the answer that but it's it it's a
brain bender my favorite story is there
there are some comedians who are putting
on a so-called straight Pride Parade in
Boston and we heard about this now
forget about the politics of it because
I don't I don't think it's terribly
important but the just the the fact that
they would do it at all is hilarious so
I thought that I thought just the fact
that somebody was trying to get away
with this I don't see us so much as a
political act as a political theater you
know large-scale prank sense of humor
kind of a thing so I don't take it too
seriously but it does have a serious
message it's just that I don't take that
part too seriously but here's the fun
part they just they just named their
grand marshal well they did two things
that are funny
the first thing they did was they used
Brad Pitt's picture and part of their
promotion until Brad Pitt Brad Pitt's
management called them and told him stop
doing it and that gave them some extra
press so the first so they've done two
smarter things so far smart in terms of
pranks first of all having a straight
Pride Parade and embosses is funny just
also right off the bat because you know
so wrong that it's funny then having
Brad Pitt
you know illegally using his face as as
some kind of an image for the thing is
even more hilarious and it's better
because they got in trouble for it and
then that became part of the story so it
was great for publicity and by the way I
think Brad Pitt probably thought it was
funny but you know you have to take care
of your image you have to take care of
business but I can't imagine the Brad
Pitt did
but laughs when he heard it he probably
laughed and said okay I got to stop this
but it's kind of funny I'm just guessing
and I'm just guessing from public public
perception of Brad Pitt that he looks
like he has a sense of humor that's all
I'm saying
but then they wouldn't and step further
and they named their grand marshal for
the straight Pride Parade and they named
Milo Annapolis who accepted so Milo you
doubtless the gayest man in America
I spent selected as the Grand Marshal of
the straight Pride Parade
I gotta hand it to him I gotta hand it
to him whoever is doing this parade
thing it's clearly for the laughs
they're they're doing everything that
you would do to get the right kind of
sort of humorous attention and I I don't
I don't have any thoughts about the
politics of it but the humor of it and
the the prank of it all it's well done
that's all I'm saying
let's talk about Andrew yang so Andrew
yang tweeted something that i retweeted
I think probably people thought I was
you know maybe agreeing with his message
but that wasn't why I retweeted it so
I'm gonna read what he said and then I
think you'll know I had to read it so
this is Democratic candidate Andrew yang
talking about abortion and he says the
following in his tweet Andrew yang says
I respect the different feelings that
Americans have on this issue meaning
abortion but I would personally defer to
women when it comes to protecting
women's reproductive rights and will act
to protect their rights you will defer
to women now the way I read it I think
it's the correct way you say he's not
talking about the individual woman who's
having the baby that would be I would
defer to you know that would be one
thing I believe he's talking about women
as a group being the primary
decision-makers for it
now some of you were saying it's a
cop-out maybe but it matches very well
with my opinion it's it's compatible
because I've said something similar but
Andrew yang leaves out the important
part that makes my opinion brilliant and
his opinion lacking a component are you
ready for it
I'm gonna tell you my opinion and then
you can watch in the comments then
nobody can understand what I'm saying in
fact I might even take some calls to
prove this because it'll be far I'm
going to say something super clear but
watch how you can't understand it now
maybe my best estimate is a third of you
will understand exactly what I'm saying
because it's gonna be simple
it'll be very clear but 2/3 of you won't
be able to hear it because you're gonna
think I'm saying something else and then
you're gonna get mad at me in comments
for something I didn't say here it goes
my view on abortion is that no matter
what rules you have half of the country
is going to think it's the worst thing
in the world we're agreed with that
right doesn't matter if you're
pro-abortion the anti abortion would you
agree then no matter what happens
rule wise half the country will think
it's the worst thing in the world that's
not going to change do you agree with
that there's nothing you can do with the
law that will change the fact that half
the countries on different sides okay
point that's the first point now what do
you do in a situation where your
best-case scenario is that half of the
country thinks it's an abomination
what's your best strategy is your best
strategy oh well we should get the best
law we can have no that doesn't solve it
it doesn't solve it because you're still
going to end up with half of the country
thinking it's an abomination so in that
specific situation and only that
situation where you're never going to
have a satisfying result the answer will
never be under the answer will never be
satisfying you can't get there it's not
to be had
under those conditions what's the best
solution well half the people would say
the best solution is you go my way half
would say the best solution let's go my
way but if you go and level up and
you're looking down and saying a leader
at the two sides who can never agree
what it would the leader do that would
be the best thing for these two groups
they can't decide of course they know
what's best it's their side I don't
smash my side but you're a leader you
don't get to take sides per se you got
to be a leader I would say that when
it's a life-and-death decision you want
the most credible law because half of
the country is gonna hate it no matter
what the law is if half the country
hates a law to the point of revolution
you need to do what you can to make sure
that that law is credible credible even
if you don't like it the best you can do
your best you can do for abortion is the
law that half the people think is an
abomination
but but here's my point but they respect
the process the process is credible they
don't like where it went but they they
can live with it because they respect
the process so if it was constitutional
that's a good process if it went through
the court systems that's a good process
the reason that there's somewhat of an
acceptance of laws that half the country
feel are an hour an aberration or or a
horror is that it went through the
Supreme Court and because we give some
respect to the Supreme Court people are
willing to say our I hate this with
every fiber of my being but the way we
got there is at least credible ish now
of course people say that the Supreme
Court was making up the Constitution and
adding things to it and I think that was
true but at least the process looks
credible ish now what yang is saying is
is a weaker version of what I'm saying
what I'm saying is you can't get
- happy forget it happy can't be had
because half the country is gonna hate
it no matter what but you can get to a
stable situation and stability is the
best you can do and if you want
stability you want a set of laws that
people are not going to think are not
credible the most credible laws you
could have are the ones that women as a
strong majority if you can guess such a
thing prefer and their men have recused
themselves from now some of you are
going to jump in to your sake but but
but Scott women when you poll them have
the same opinion as men so that has
nothing to do with my point it doesn't
matter what the woman's opinion is it
only matters that it was favored or had
a bigger say than the men who also had
the right to be part of it men have a
right to vote and have a right to speak
but if we recuse ourselves it amplifies
the voices of women and if the voices of
women become the ones where the will say
that the strongest voices on the topic
and that leads us to whatever it leads
us to doesn't matter which side it leads
us to that's going to be more credible
than if I had weighed in and changed
people's minds because think about it
I can change people's minds I could
change minds on the topic of abortion
you know I have that ability
should I I don't think so if I did
change anybody's mind and it doesn't
matter which way I changed it I would be
a man who had a little bit too much say
on this topic not because it's illegal
for me to have a say not because it's
unethical it's not illegal it's not
unethical for me to have a big influence
but if I did the result would not be as
credible it would come from a weaker
source which is me now I'm watching the
comments to see how many people
[Music]
you helped make the babies doesn't
matter I'm saying watch how many of your
comments are sort of the not relative
relevant to my point why wouldn't you be
a person who has been allowed to be born
have a say I do not that means somebody
says it's done because we don't defer to
a certain groups to make decisions that
doesn't address my point the law is
clear it's murder that doesn't address
my point women what would put financial
responsibility doesn't address my point
because I do think men should have a say
in the finances so I'm excluding the
financial part of it so you're not
disagreeing with mayor there I'm just
leave your comments to see if you can
understand this point do female fetuses
get a right to vote how does that have
anything to do with a we would would the
law be more credible if a fetus could
vote
some people would not feel the law was
credible true doesn't address my point
because some people are going to be
unhappy no matter what your point is
about autonomy not really no it isn't
that's not on my point all right I'm
just looking at your comments didn't you
merely describe laws in general no
nothing like that I was describing a
very special case somebody says my
girlfriend killed my child it was as
much my child as it was first doesn't
doesn't address my point you're avoiding
processed comments I didn't see any that
were on point
somebody says they understand my point
but they disagree with it okay but
you're not arguing with it somebody says
how does a woman get pregnant if now for
a male doesn't address my point right so
you're saying lots most of the people
are all pretty much everyone who's
disagreeing is simply saying a statement
that's a fact hey men are part of the
process of having babies that's not an
argument that's just a fact you giving
facts without reasons there's nothing so
that's not nothing somebody says my
girlfriend killed my child is not fair
for her to have more say I didn't say it
was fair so you're on a different point
have you seen an ultrasound you're
relevant to my point and yes somebody
says I don't care about your point well
that's fair you know you don't have to
care Scott you said nothing concrete yes
I did I said that if you can't get a
solution that society likes your best
solution this is the most credible law
even if half the people don't like it
that's pretty specific and there's
somebody here who says you didn't say
anything because you can't hear this
point my I think so what I'm going
getting at is that no matter how clearly
I state that I'm talking about
credibility this is the best you could
do people can't hear it because they're
locked into their their two sides stuff
somebody says now I'm confused what's
your point again that well that my point
was that you couldn't hear my point the
point is that nobody will agree there
will always be two sides and you can
never make them happy your best solution
is a law that's credible and the most
credible law about abortion would be one
that women as a majority feel
comfortable with whichever way it goes
pretty clear right
somebody says but what would you take
this to other issues would you take this
to men all the issues every case is
different but yes as a general statement
there could be many only issues that I
would rather men's opinion be the
dominant opinion just this isn't one of
them all right somebody says I could
change the minds of society but I won't
because so somebody's asked me why I
wouldn't change people's minds on
abortion okay that was somebody who
doesn't understand my point right if
you're asking that question you've
missed the simplest point in the world
and that was really what I wanted to
demonstrate I wanted to see how many of
you couldn't understand it life is the
only point yeah that's that doesn't
address my point
yeah suddenly say this is the
fascinating it's fascinating to watch
people not be able to hear it it's one
thing to disagree with it but see how
hard it is for people to even hear it
I'm just leave your comments because
they're pretty fascinating
so somebody said I should clarify by
saying that women should have the
dominant say in women and men certainly
have the right to speak and have the
right to vote but they could help the
process most by letting women have the
dominant vote or the dominant influence
the same somebody says it's not clear
because who decides what's credible who
decides is Society on average and let me
ask you this would you disagree with the
statement that abortion laws whether
they're tight or loose doesn't matter
that if women as a majority favor them
that's the most credible situation for
society even if men let's say slightly
disagreed or something I think that
statement stands by itself somebody says
what if the decision is only women and
it's still 50/50 well it's gonna go one
way it's it's not gonna be 50/50 it's
gonna be fifty one forty nine eventually
because you have to you have to decide
all right it looks like I've beaten you
down and I've said it enough is that all
I wanted to say today I think so believe
so oh of course the New York Times is
reporting that the the president's
tariff deal with Mexico are they the
terror threat to get Mexico to do a
better job with controlling illegal
immigration so the president says Mexico
agreed you know the tariffs worked
essentially or the terror threat worked
and the New York Times is reporting that
unnamed people will say that it was
already going to happen so it's no big
deal
didn't I tell you that was going to
happen do you remember I told you
yesterday just wait for somebody to say
it was already going to happen anyway
there was sort of the obvious fake news
but then the fake news comes out and
it's unnamed sources so I would I would
relegate that story to the fake news bin
because it's the
category of fake news which is unnamed
sources said something happened in a
meeting and it's not confirmed it's not
news it's fake news now it could I
suppose someday one of those will be
true but you should treat it as fake
news just like you would treat a Bigfoot
sighting if CNN said guy gets a picture
of Bigfoot your first thought should be
well that's not true but if later you
know provides a DNA sample and you a
dead body if a Bigfoot you can change
your mind but when you first hear it
unnamed sources say something happened
in a meeting and Bigfoot spotted those
are the same story you should give them
the same credibility all right that's
all I got for now now I will talk to you
later