thumpa thumpa thumpa thumpa thumpa yes
that's the happy sound of the beginning
of coffee with Scott Adams that's what
happens right before the simultaneous up
one of the best parts of your day be you
just waking up be you exercising already
be you running on the beach talking to
you Joel this is the time if you've got
a cup or a mug or a glass stein or a
chalice or a tankard could be a thermos
or a flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous it oh
that's one of the morning and I've had a
few well well well thank you for your
belated happy birthday wishes it's
always a fun day you know one of the
things that people always ask me is
what's it like to be famous and the
answer to what's it like to be famous is
that 99% of the time it's just like any
anybody else because most of the time
you know my typical day I get up by work
I do my you know I'm probably putting a
load of laundry in and driving to the
gym it's pretty ordinary but every once
a while there are these little these
little uh little breaks in the
simulation where things get weird one of
those weird weirdnesses is that your
birthday is announced announced in the
media you know I could never hide my age
because literally every year the news
reports my age like what the hell is up
with that
not that inviting anything all right
let's talk about all the all the news
now I've been telling you for a while
that there's something odd going on in
the world
maybe this is the country and if you
haven't noticed that it's because it's
the it's that blank space problem the
the biggest the biggest news is the
complete and total lack of really bad
news now I'm not saying there aren't bad
things in the world happening but
because almost everything is heading in
the right direction
not everything yet we got problems to
work on but everything seems to be so
positive that the news itself is running
out of things to talk about case in
point
here are some things on a Monday they
qualify as news be ready for this these
are things that are on the front page
I'm I'm in Vegas right now by the way
would you like to see I'll show you the
hotel here's the room
this is I'm in at the wind in Las Vegas
alright that's enough of that so I was
telling you that the the news is running
other things to talk about that are
terrible
so these are actual stories I'm not
making these up actual stories from the
top page of CNN okay if you don't think
we're living in a golden age listen to
the top stories number one I swear I'm
not making this up Justin Bieber
challenged Tom Cruise to to a fight like
an MMA fight in the Octagon why why did
Justin Bieber challenged Tom Cruise to a
fight I'm sure he has his reasons but
apparently so Tom Cruise is 5 for 7 and
reportedly 170 pounds and and ripped
Justin Bieber is very fit but he's
apparently 5 foot 9 and 145 pounds and
it might be the first time in my life
where where there's talk of a major MMA
fight and and I have a realistic chance
that I could beat up both of them I mean
I don't know I mean but if you put me in
the Octagon with either Tom Cruise or
Justin Bieber it probably just depends
if I was in a bad mood if I were in a
bad mood I think I wouldn't the fight so
you'll never see like you'll never see
the MMA fight where I have a good chance
of beating above both of the
fighters all right so that's the
headline here's another one
George Conway temporarily still the
husband of of Kelly and Conway I don't
know how long this is gonna last the
marriage this is tweeting again about
President Trump being crazy and unfair
off
and I'm thinking to myself based on what
based on what George Conway what the
hell news are you looking at where
everything's going going going to hell
do you have your own source of news do
you have like a little private news site
with only bad news in it that we don't
see but on Twitter a twitter user said
maybe Scott Adams can explain what's
going on with this George Conway
Kellyanne Conway situation where she's a
top advisor to the president that he's
tweeting in public that the president
should lose his job etc and that he's
crazy
and I thought about it for a while I was
thinking deeply about okay what are all
the ways that you could explain that and
I came up with a simple explanation
which I tweeted which was he hates his
wife if you can come up with a better
explanation than that because here's the
thing there's two questions here one is
why is this his opinion you know why
does he have a negative opinion to the
president but that's not mysterious
right if he follows the news the news
the news tells him things and he
believes him so it's not it there's no
insight to say that he has an opinion of
the president the half of the country
seems to have you know we understand
where Trump derangement syndrome comes
from so that's not the interesting part
the interesting part is why is he doing
it in public when his wife is working
for the president now if you can think
of a better explanation than he hates
his wife I'm open to it now people said
to me Scott Scott's out to your mind
reading you shouldn't take this too
seriously I'm just saying that no matter
what else is going on it doesn't look
like he's a big fan of his wife you know
what I mean now some people are saying
oh it looks like it's it's really a
theater
and the two of them are so clever that
they're playing the media and that this
is all kind of an act it's sort of a you
know Carville and Matlin situation where
it's gonna make things more interesting
then after Kelly ends out of that job
the two of them will have a career on
television is debating you know to to
debating heads or something but it
doesn't look that way to me
maybe so I'm gonna call I gonna call BS
on the idea that this is some kind of a
planned clever plot that's part of some
reality show situation I'll think so I
think I think it might be exactly what
it looks like and exactly what it looks
like is he's not a big fan of his wife
so there's that but I'm not reading his
mind and keep in mind that we could
never know all the possibilities
somebody says is Christina are real
human or a dull well if they ever made a
doll that was as good as the real
Christina you would all have one men and
women you'd be by him alright
she's still asleep so I'm speaking kind
of low so I don't wake her up here's
some other news Jim Acosta has a book so
Jim Acosta's book is hilariously titled
the enemy of the people could that be
any better so first of all good luck
good luck to Jim Acosta on this book so
politics aside when a writer has a book
I'd like to see people you know know
that it's out there and if they'd like
to but like to read it go ahead I'm
actually thinking of reading it myself
because whatever you think of his
opinion it's probably interesting I'll
bet it's a good book so I might check
that out myself but it's funny that he
he names the book after the presidents
after the president's label
you know you just can't get the
president and if you out of your head he
gets labeled by the president the most
awful thing that you could be labeled
which is enemy of the people and he
makes it the title of this book which I
appreciate I like the fact he did that
but he's I just watched a little clip of
him where there was some some event
where he was talking to a White House
official he didn't name and the official
allegedly said to him that the president
was insane insane and so when Jim Acosta
went to check back he wanted to ask ok
did you mean insane insane or are you
talking about crazy like the good kind
of crazy and the administration person
said no no not not like the actual and
same kind but the unpredictable you know
don't necessarily know where he's going
kind
so even Jim Acosta wasn't calling the
president crazy he was he was calling
that figure to speech himself so if the
worst thing that you're seeing from Jim
Acosta is accepting the president's
insult of him as the enemy of the people
while also talking about know when when
when the aide called had been saying
that was just figurative speech that's
it
where's all this conflict we expect
here's another one
Oberlin College just lost a lawsuit over
accusations of racial profiling so the
story was there was some bakery in town
we're near where he Oberlin was and the
bakery let's see I guess they stopped a
underage guy from buying some alcohol
and that caused some kind of some kind
of a disturbance with three customers
but they were African American customers
and the bakery was not African American
and so it turned into a racial thing and
apparently I don't know the details but
it sounds like somebody associated with
Oberlin spread the spread the rumor that
the bakery was racially profiling
apparently you know somebody somebody is
filling it in the comments that it was a
shop like lifting instant so I think
that's the situation some shoplifting
but there was also some attempt to buy
something with a fake ID but those
details don't matter so much what the
allegations the crime are don't matter
so much what matters is that the bakery
was accused of being racists for
stopping the shoplifting and the illegal
purchase and apparently something
somebody associated with Oberlin College
was part of spreading that and they lost
a ruling 11.5 million dollars the
college lost for wait for it a race hoax
that's right
last summer what were what were we
talking about last summer we were
talking about actual or what we thought
was actual real events where for example
some police action and there was a you
know a black victim and there were
questions about whether the police acted
right everything is reversed now we're
talking about
jussie Smollett erase hoax we're talking
about
now this Oberlin thing it's another race
hoax and the jury found the jury
concluded it was a race Oaks so if those
are the stories you're hearing if you
can't find enough of real racial
problems that the only stories about
race and the headlines are about race
hoaxes you're in really good shape
aren't you is another one motorcyclists
hit by lightning
now it's tragic and I feel very bad for
the family and for the victim of course
Bo what are the odds that you would take
on a hobby as dangerous as riding a
motorcycle and it's not the riding the
motorcycle that killed you it's the
getting hit by lightning while you're
riding the motorcycle now I don't know
if karma is a real thing I don't know if
there's
a vengeful God in heaven but if you're
riding your motorcycle and you get hit
by lightning and killed fill in the rest
of that all right my other favorite
story is if you all seen the the alleged
video security camera footage I'll say
alleged in which there seems to be some
kind of elf like alien creature have you
all seen that so it's one of the top
stories on the news sites so there's a
little video of what looks like some
kind of a weird little elf creature that
looks like maybe three and a half feet
tall or something and everybody's saying
who is it what is that thing I would be
willing to bet a large amount of money
that it's nothing but a somebody's
five-year-old kid in a costume but it is
very funny now what's funny about it is
that it's its top-line news and that the
fact that this is on the front page of
the news that's a good news I mean
that's that's a that's a good sign
what else we got so California is
apparently going to provide health care
for all illegal aliens in California at
the price of 98 billion dollars per year
now I gotta say when I hear stories like
that and I know what California is doing
to my taxes I think I gotta get out of
this place I got to get out of
California and then I read stories and
Fox News usually about all the needles
and the human waste and the and the
homeless people and all that stuff and
let me give you my first-hand account of
living in California are you ready
so I live here full time and it's the
country where's all this bad stuff
happening here's the thing if you don't
go to those places you don't see it
imagine if you will look whatever
miron it's probably carpeted or maybe
you've got a hardwood floor imagine the
entire area of the floor in the room
you're in
now imagine you took a BB you know just
like a little teeny BB you know dropped
it on the floor the BB would represent
approximately all of the square footage
where every bad thing was happening in
California pretty much an entire room
with a BB sitting on the floor that BB
would be all the places in California
that you would run into a needle or a
human feces or homeless living on the
streets any of that stuff the rest of
the time all of the rest of your floor
that doesn't have that BB on it there's
really nice weather it's it's nice
people in nice weather that's what it is
99.99% of it is nice people enjoying the
nice weather it's really hard to move
out of this place so when you look at
the the taxes and you know all the the
bad news those are compelling things but
the whole state is pretty amazing gotta
say so it's hard to move out of the
state I would I would if it were just
taxes but you can't beat the weather
really here's something else apparently
the next story the White House blocked
some State Department analysts from
testifying about the the global security
risks of climate change and the critics
said this is unheard of when is the last
time somebody was blocked from
presenting facts blocked from presenting
facts that's not what this was about the
analyst was going to make predictions
predictions are facts and apparently the
predictions were not in keeping with the
administration's either current or
evolving view about the real risks of
climate change and I'm thinking about
ourselves no there's more fake news it's
the worst thing that was happening in
it's fake news
so the fake news part is that they did
block the analyst from giving his
predictions about the security such as
how bad the security situation would be
for the country etc from climate change
but they didn't block him from facts
they didn't say don't bring us your
facts they said don't bring us your
predictions because the predictions are
almost certainly ridiculous I haven't
seen them but you can assume that
they're ridiculous because it's not
really a predictable thing all right
let's talk about the Mexico deal so
predictably the president threatens to
tariffs put tariffs on Mexico if they
don't do something about the border
Mexico allegedly quickly complies and
steps up and they're going to do some
real things and then also predictably
the New York Times writes a story with
from unnamed sources saying it's
basically what Mexico already agreed to
do but then you dig a little bit deeper
and you find out yeah it's something
they said in words they were willing to
do but apparently now they're actually
willing to do the things that they
indicated they might have been willing
to do and and even more than they had
predicted so while it's slightly sort of
almost true that the things they agreed
to are sort of almost kind of you could
imagine similar to and very very like
what they talked about before they
weren't doing anything and it didn't
look like they were going to do anything
the doing something is the part that the
president alleges he's getting done that
they're actually going to do something
now because the threat of the tariffs so
I was looking at how CNN would create a
negative Adam a positive because this
this Mexico situation might be we don't
know yet don't know yet but it might
turn out to be one of the cleanest wins
a president ever had and indeed I would
argue that although their main there may
be no physical wall that gets built
because
yes either on the Mexico's southern
border or northern border there may be
no physical wall but it would be hard
for me to say if this thing goes through
it would be hard for me to say that the
president didn't make Mexico pay for the
wall because they're paying it's
expensive they're paying for their own
you know their own security forces to go
down there they'll probably build some
they might even build some fences on the
southern border so in a in a non literal
sense it kind of looks like the
president just got Mexico to pay for the
wall in the sense that the wall was
standing for security border security
but here's here's the first sentence and
CNN's article about it all right so
you're seeing and turning a positive a
substantial a conscious accomplishment I
would say of the president probably
we'll have to wait and see but probably
and here's how they say that their first
sentence of their article about
something good that he did they say
President Donald Trump is riding into a
fresh week of constitutional collisions
with Democrats okay is that is that how
you frame a story about a great
accomplishment by president he's writing
writing into a fresh week of
constitutional collisions with Democrats
I don't even know what that has to do
with the story does have anything to do
with the story about at the Mexican
immigration here's the next sentence
oh it's comma and then he continues
heading back at critics who are
dismissing his new border agreement with
Mexico as a mirage rather than the huge
victory he is claiming so they're
leading is about the critics calling it
a mirage and then later in the story
they they add some details that even CNN
seems to be saying that's good work so
they have to frame it as so they frame
it talking about the critics instead of
framing and talking about the star of
the story the star of the story is the
president what the president did if
you're a news organization you're going
to say huh Mexico wasn't doing enough he
caused them to say they will do enough
it looks like they're starting to do
real things objectively speaking it
looks like the president got some action
there but instead of doing that they
talked about what the critic said first
are you kidding me
the critics are just missing his
agreement with Mexico as a mirage that's
the first sentence if there were if they
were any bit of objectivity on this they
would simply say what happened first so
the first sentence would just be what
happened and then they say the president
is saying this is a good deal and then
after you said what it is and after you
said what the crib what the president
claimed then it's totally fair to say
that the New York Times and his critics
say it might not be enough that's
totally fair I'm not saying you should
leave out of the story what the critics
are saying because that's always part of
the story but to put it in the first
sentence that's that's not playing fair
all right there's another story so Ben
Carson's talking about the national
emergency for affordable housing now Ben
Carson's point is that red tape and
regulations and you know all kinds of
permitting delays and all that stuff all
the other red tape of government is
primarily the reason that housing is
unavailable I mean by unavailable I mean
unaffordable so that the rise in
homelessness according to Ben Carson ben
Carson is HUD I was in urban development
right so Ben Carson is saying that the
government is sort of in the way that's
that's the big problem with with this
but I but I asked myself which of those
regulations that are in the way
could you reasonably get rid of for
example their cities have height
restrictions on building but I assume
that the reason they have height
restrictions is because they don't want
that much traffic right it isn't the
whole point of a height restriction more
about the traffic and then they also
have housing safety regulations and
permits well do we want to get rid of
those I mean maybe there's there some
that aren't unnecessary but you sort of
need some standards so here's what I'm
suggesting given that all the states and
the cities and and you know every every
entity has its own set of rules what if
you did what if I'm just going to throw
this out I don't even know if this works
okay so this this is the bad version of
the idea maybe it gives you a better
idea suppose the government the
president declared a homelessness or
let's say a housing emergency so it's a
housing emergency meaning that the
government can cut some corners and do
some things that ordinarily you couldn't
do and then let's say instead of trying
to override cities that are working well
yes instead of just you know overriding
their rules and regulations which would
be or a problem suppose you said we're
going to we're going to take the
blighted areas the areas that already
exist in metropolitan areas and we're
going to say that only for the blighted
areas will declare an emergency and for
only the land that's already useless
because it's just blight and broken-down
homes and nobody lives there for that
land only not the rest of the country
there'll be housing emergency that says
the regulations and the permitting will
be will be faster and lower regulation
so that you can build something there
easily and then you can iterate and you
can test some things now you might have
have to have some regulations such as
you might say if it's an experimental
home it can't be more than one storey
high because I imagine all of the risks
come when you get that second story
write a one story anything is going to
be safer so there might be some common
sensical little regulations you have to
keep but what about a housing emergency
you use the blighted land because it's
basically free you the government can
just say all right we're just gonna
we're gonna pay you for it if you own it
but it doesn't cost much it's a hundred
bucks you got all the land you need
we'll get rid of the red tape we're
gonna invite in industry to build to
build some experimental homes yeah you
know build a little neighborhood and see
if you can turn it into something that's
low cost and good the other thing a
question I would ask you is is it time
for Bill Polti to be the replacement for
Patton Carson so most of you know if
bill pulled a right
he's the blight authority leading voice
in the country he's the person you would
most associate with this and has the had
the most success clearing blighted lands
he's doing some more by the way you're
gonna you're gonna be hearing some more
from bill pulled a over the summer and
you're gonna like it there's some stuff
happening that I know about that I can't
talk about yet but there's there's some
good stuff happening it's probably time
for somebody who has the bill Polti kind
of experience specifically not only in
understanding the blighted inner cities
but he also has the background in
building because that's his background
is his home building you need somebody
who's got both of those skills so you
need somebody who's got the right talent
stack for that job and I would see those
two things you know ben Carson probably
he's not going to do a second term with
Trump I'm thinking probably not he's not
going to be there forever so I'd say
let's draft bill Pulte into that job
declare a housing emergency and turn him
loose because if anybody could do it he
could and if you're not willing to get
that serious maybe we're not that
serious about the problem
but I saved opal day to replace Ben
Carson to win Ben's done alright let's
talk about my prediction that these
states that were restricting abortion
would have some economic problems
because that what I predicted was that
companies would not want to do business
there because the company's own
employees and the company's own
management and the companies on
customers would resist and sure enough
you know you already know about the
Netflix and the Hollywood people saying
they don't want to do business there but
now there's a hundred and eighty
business leaders have a signed signed on
to a letter saying that they don't want
to do business in or that it's bad for
business to restrict abortion in those
states so you've got a hundred and
eighty liters with you know big staffs
big companies who are willing to sign on
to say we wouldn't move there we
wouldn't do business in that state if we
had to have a have a location there that
score is sort of a big deal and keep in
mind that that's a hundred and eighty
business leaders who are willing to sign
it that's not how many are the only ones
not willing to go that's just the ones
who signed it so you have a big big
problem that won't materialize maybe for
a few years because you know takes years
for a company to pick a location and
decide to move but I would think if you
if if you had a way to bet on the
individual economies of states you
should bet against any state that
restricted abortion here's the problem
half and half the country wants roughly
you know restrictions half of the
country wants no restrictions on
abortions or approximately something
like that and if if the state does what
all the other states do and allow
abortions I mean what most of the states
do they're not going to lose business
for that so no state would lose business
because they were doing what everybody
else was doing
but as soon as a few states and this is
the key thing because if it's only a few
then there are lots of other states that
people can choose instead but if only if
you want to restrict it restricting it
you can say 180 business leaders signed
something that said that's a reason not
to go I don't need to buy myself a new
problem if you're a leader of a business
why would you go to a state that you
know it's going to be a problem when the
state right next to it there's not going
to be a problem that's an easy decision
from a business perspective from a
business perspective for every company
you know that well let's put it this way
people will leave a state because of
abortion laws but they won't go to a
state because because of restricted
abortion so it's a bad deal the state
let's talk about a OC a OC is I have
quite a dilemma here because there are
some things that she's promoting that
you know don't seem practical to me you
know I I think her green new deal for
example has lots of stuff in it that
would be hard to accomplish but as
aspirational stuff it's not too bad not
too bad if you were to look at the green
new deal as a place you'd like to get to
but without specifying how to get there
I like that there are people who say
let's give health care to everybody and
you know let's clean up our environment
and all that stuff now the mechanism to
get there probably needs to be
capitalism and socialism probably is not
the best mechanism to get there so I
can't I can't sign on to all she agrees
with but I'm not going to ignore the
fact that she keeps doing brilliant
things I know you don't like the eret
but it's good to learn from her
technique so in the same way when I talk
about president Trump's technique that
doesn't mean I endorse all of his
policies because I don't doesn't mean I
don't criticize them for things
should be better because I do a OC is
gonna be the same rule for me I'm gonna
say I don't like this part of what she's
she likes but techniques good and here's
an example one of the things I say about
President Trump is that he often will
pick up money that's laying on the table
there for some reason nobody else wanted
he walks into a room and there's a pile
of money on the table and he looks
around he says pile of money on the
table this your money whose money is
this on the table nobody there's nobody
who's gonna claim this money alright
and then he picks up the money he puts
in his pocket and walks away and what I
mean by that is that he'll find this you
know as we say low-hanging fruit the
this free things that all he has to do
is say the right thing and he gets a
free thing he does it all the time AMC
does the same thing and it's a really
it's alright I'm gonna block you
or technique if you can't listen to
technique because you don't like the
person who's doing it then you probably
shouldn't be on this on here right now
all right apparently you're not you're
not quite ready to deal with adult ideas
if you're not ready to deal with adult
ideas this is not the right place for
you all right so here are some examples
so recently AFC came out in favor of
limiting lobbyists which was such a
practical idea that Ted Cruz agreed
now when you saw that and you said wait
a minute AOC wants to do this and Ted
Cruz agrees that's free money laying on
the table all she had to do was write
that tweet and she picked the free money
up off the table because nobody on the
left is gonna say at least in public
they're not going to disagree and people
on the right like it too why did nobody
else do that
why was a or C the one who wrote that
tweet and all of every other member of
Congress has access to Twitter they all
have access to Twitter but only one
person wrote that tweet and it was her
all right here's another one today she
came out in favor of magic mushrooms now
the most of you are not up to date on
what this is all about if what you think
she's talking about is that the
psychedelic mushrooms should be
recreationally allowed that's one
question but the bigger thing is that
these have immense mental health
benefits now your most of you are not
pointed at place where you can accept
that what I just said is true so I would
I would encourage you to research it
I've I've personally had conversations
with people were the top doctors in this
field so literally I have had personal
conversation you know standing in the
same room with one of the greatest
experts in the country on this and let
me tell you
there are a lot of people with PTSD a
lot of people with various mental
conditions in which a little bit of
doctor regulated exposure to
psychedelics is sort of a complete cure
now you're talking about fixing things
that are completely unfixable with other
technology as far as we know and no side
effects alright nobody as far as I know
there's probably been zero cases of a
doctor supervised person taking magic
mushrooms the psychedelic ones and
having any kind of a bad mental outcome
probably never I mean I don't know that
that's true and that's not even true an
aspirin keep in mind
aspirin kills people anything they do in
the medical world has some risk one up
on how do you know if if as long as
you're taking mushrooms they know where
they came from and you can measure the
doses stuff and the doctors watching you
not really a risk
yeah and somebody's saying here in the
comments is often a single treatment
think about that one experience with
mushrooms can change your whole life in
a positive way now I've said before that
I did I did mushrooms once was in my 20s
only once I've also said it was the best
day of my life easily not even not even
close it was the best day of my life and
it changed me permanently taking
mushrooms allowed me to see the world as
a simulation meaning that from that day
on I no longer thought that the limits
that I could see in my environment were
necessarily real for example when I
tried to become a cartoonist did that
seem like a realistic goal did it seem
realistic that I would go from cubicle
guy to arguably most successful
cartoonist in the world right now before
at least for adult properties
there's kid properties that are that are
bigger that wasn't reasonable but I had
experience with psychedelics and I'd I
just don't view my world as limiting me
I view it as something that I change on
the fly because it's a it's a subjective
world and so if it's a subjective
reality I changed it to be the way I
want
you know you've you've most of you know
of Christina if you were to say to
yourself if you've seen her I know if
you've seen her Twitter or her Instagram
do you look at her and you say to
yourself well it makes sense that she's
with this guy
yeah totally makes sense why wouldn't
she be no it doesn't make any sense
but I don't live in the world where any
kind of restrictions like that apply to
me
they just don't so I continually run my
life as though it's a simulation now
only in the recent years I've used the
word simulation but I had my own my own
version of it I wrote about in the
Dilbert future back in the 90s it was
the same idea as the simulation just
sort of different framing but because of
mushrooms I completely changed my view
of reality in such a productive way that
that it made my life a ongoing wonder so
that's pretty good deal all right then
the other thing that AFC did was she
promoted as she was saying why don't why
isn't birth control over the counter now
I'm not a doctor
so I can't answer the question of
whether that's a good idea or a bad idea
but as a tweet it's brilliant
why is it brilliant because when a or C
says why don't we get rid of a
government regulation who's she talking
to the people on her side say yeah we're
more birth control that's great
server-side likes it then people on the
right say wait a minute
a regulation we can get rid of we like
that right so I can't speak to the
medical risk involved but in terms of
the politics of it it was just one of
the smartest things anybody ever tweeted
ever because it appealed to both sides
it was again
AOC walks into a room there's a pile of
money on the table and she says hey I
mean anybody is this your money
nobody says yes she goes I guess is my
money now and she picks it up and she
puts it in her pocket how many times do
you have to watch President Trump walk
into a room and be the only one to pick
up the money off the table how many
times you have to watch a OC walk into a
room and be the only one to pick up the
money off the table it's not a
coincidence this is all I want you to
know it's all I want you to know this is
not a coincidence this is technique this
is somebody in both cases Trump and AMC
they are operating on a whole higher
level than the rest of us even if you
don't like it and I know a lot of you
don't like it all right keep in mind
also the AOC has said that she's open to
nuclear energy as part of the green New
Deal
that's a big deal imagine she's like the
greenest of the greeny greens and she's
just said nuclear energy I'm open to
that because she's probably looked into
it enough to know that that's sort of
the only thing that's gonna work not
sort of as far as anybody knows unless
something new is developed right away
it's probably the only way to get to a
good end so as Lee says no she rejected
it and the most recent statement was
accepting it I think she might have had
two older comments in which maybe she
was more skeptical but I think at the
moment her current thinking is bro or at
least not against so there you go
somebody's asking is it natural
or studied we'll keep in mind many
people don't know this that a or C is
not a let's say a grasp grassroots she's
not an organic politician and by that I
mean she did not go through a normal
process to become a politician she
literally did sort of a American Idol
trial workout with a Democrat group that
was looking to develop new leaders so
she was one of many people who actually
auditioned to be a politician
she actually auditioned so that she was
selected based on her natural talents
clearly but now she is to access because
of her job and her visibility she has
access to the best advice in the world
and you can tell that she's absorbing it
like like ordinary people don't and you
know everybody has access to the same
information but she seems to be
absorbing the good stuff I'm not
absorbing the bad stuff that's has a lot
to do with the fact that she was
selected by audition to have a certain
set of qualities that would that would
it would scale up pretty quickly
so whoever selected her you know the
people who did this lecture process did
a really good job
they picked somebody who who couldn't
build a talent stack pretty quickly
alright so that's enough about that so
you can you can see from my discussion
of all of this
do you notice do you notice that it's
all sort of good or goodish news we're
really running out of bad news and there
is because of this president this
president is the primary reason that the
news is just going away it's like you're
relevant today all right some of you
speaking of the simulation you probably
know how many crypto currencies there
are in the world I don't know might be
tens of thousands of crypto currencies
that have been Korea
did you know Bitcoin did well and then
everybody wanted to create one well my
company went hub has a cryptocurrency is
that it's a token actually crypto token
as utility within our app the
interesting by when hub app and as of
yesterday it was I think it was
yesterday it was a top traded it was the
top traded token crypto on one of the
big exchanges hotbed died io it was the
number one and of all the Kryptos it was
the number one one now Erik Feynman said
some good things about it and he's he's
followed as sort of a crypto investment
genius so his recommendation is
primarily what's moving it but as soon
as it gets some momentum then people
notice and when you notice things you're
more likely to act on new and then it
becomes a little bit self-fulfilling in
a perfect world but think about what
were the odds that I could be associated
with a crypto anything that would be one
of the ones that wins because most of
them don't you know it's a sort of a
graveyard of crypto tokens again I seem
to be in the middle of something that is
so unlikely you know so statistically
ridiculously unlikely and yet it's it's
become part of my normal life so all I'm
saying is if I do get in the Octagon
with Justin Bieber and Tom Cruise they
better watch out because I'm on a
winning streak all right yeah I have
visibility so it it helps the process
but by itself that wasn't enough because
I had visibility last weekend and last
week the it wasn't moving on the
exchanges this week it is but is it
going up in value yeah oh
I think Eric recommended it when it was
around three cents and it's up to five
cents so you do the math what is the
percentage gain in a week of something
that goes from three to five it's a lot
it's better than whatever you're doing
in the
stock market but I warn you is not an
investment not an investment so yeah I'm
not recommending any investments want to
be clear about that cartoonists are not
good sources for recommendations of
investments oh speaking of investments
I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you an
investment this this has nothing to do
with crypto gonna change the subject for
us for a minute I made an investment a
while ago there's either really smart or
really dumb and every day I try to
figure out which one it wasn't I can't
tell so I'm gonna I'm gonna ask you if
there's anybody out there who has some
information on this and here's the
investment I bought I own stock in the
Turkish cell phone company Turkcell so
Turkcell is the name one word and it's
way down so I bought it here and it's
it's way down but here but I bought it
as a super long term investment super
long term meaning probably won't sell it
you know it'll be part of my estate or
something and the reasoning is this
nobody nobody loses a phone company it's
like it should be the safest investment
of all time as very low p/e and I think
all of the risks are political but I
don't know because there's not good
information there and so I'm not
recommending anybody buy it it looks
like it's a pretty risky thing but I own
it and I can't tell ya world comes a
good example but they weren't a cell
phone company so let me let me tighten
up my statement it's not that a phone
company can't go into business but a
major cell phone companies that already
has a huge customer base has that ever
been a problem so somebody's thinking
say it's somebody saying it's a currency
issue which would get to the
socio-economic political situation there
anyway I just wondered if anybody had
any visibility on that
suggesting it whatsoever yeah there
could be their leadership air21 might be
ruining everything here all right
it's not Turki calm its turkcell anyway
that's all I have for now and I will
talk to you later