just checking my
stocks and um I've made more money from
Elon Musk in the in the past year than
from anything else if you count stock
appreciation and stuff I do on X, you
know, like the subscription to Dilbert,
etc. So, stocks are up a little bit, uh
but not all of them. The S&P 500's down
a little bit. A little bit. You'll
hardly even
notice. All right, let's get the
comments
going. There we go.
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization.
It's called Coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time. But if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can understand with
their tiny shiny human brains, all you
need for that is a copper mug or a
glass, a tankered chalice or Ste, a
canteen sugar flask, a vessel of any
kind. Fill it with your favorite liquid.
I like
coffee. And join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure, the dopamine of
the day, the thing that makes everything
better. It's called the simultaneous
sip. And it happens right now.
Go.
Sublime. Well, I wonder if there's any
sketchy science that says that coffee is
good for you. Oh, yeah, there
is. Thanks to the Daily Coffee News, who
I suspect is an organ of big
coffee. Um, so you can trust them
totally. A diet rich in foods containing
polyphenols, of which there's a lot in
coffee, can dramatically reduce the risk
of metabolic syndrome, which is a major
risk factor for heart disease. So if
that sip of coffee made your heart feel
better in a variety of ways, that's not
an imagination. Yeah.
What? Enjoying the simultaneous sip can
make your heart feel better. Well, it's
a scientific fact according to Big
Coffee. Did you know that egg prices
have plummeted
12.7% this month according to the
Gateway Pundit? I'm glad somebody's
watching the price of eggs. You know
what's the best part about the price of
eggs going down?
Is it the economic
benefit? Is it that you can buy more
eggs? No. It's so Democrats can shut the
 up about eggs. I've never been so
happy about
eggs. So, they're not mentioning eggs.
Oh, thank
God. Thank God. Because it was the one
thing they
understood. Eggs are up. Eggs are up.
What about those eggs? What has Trump
done about the eggs? Now that the eggs
are down, they just sort of go quiet
about the eggs, but they do have new
words, and we'll talk about that in a
little
bit. So, here's something uh surprising
and awesome. According to interesting
engineering, a US company has made a uh
drone battery. So, a battery for their
drone that can last three hours and it
doesn't use any of the uh any of the
minerals that we get from
China. So, it doesn't
have mang doesn't have there's no
nickel, manganese, cobalt, or
graphite. And it can go 86 miles an
hour. It's a San Jose based company
called Leighton. L Y
T-N remember I keep asking are there any
American companies making
drones and I think that maybe the reason
we didn't have them before is because
drones were more of a personal hobby
kind of a product and it wasn't in the
market for our you know higher cost of
manufacturing which I assume um so it
didn't make sense to go into the drone
making business cuz you couldn't really
meet the, you know, quality and the
price of the Chinese drones. But as soon
as it becomes a critical military need,
we're talking about more expensive
drones and suddenly you could get
really, really rich making drones. So,
I'll bet you there are quite a few drone
startup companies. I don't know. But
their battery is lithium
sulfur and uh apparently it's ready to
go. It's not uh it's not hypothetical.
It's it's here and it's ready to go. So,
this uh suggests an interesting
possibility. We kind of assume that the
way we we get some uh let's say uh
economic and security comfort with the
fact that China has all these critical
things we need. It could be that instead
of mining our own critical things, we
will innovate so we don't need
them. So what if we just stop needing
these critical minerals? I mean,
obviously, we still need them for phones
and other electronics, but would it be
impossible to to innovate so that we
just don't need those minds at all?
Maybe. What about
pharmaceuticals? Is it possible, you
know, especially with AI coming that the
AI will say, "You don't need those
pills. They're not working. Here's what
you need. It'll solve all your problems.
And by the way, China doesn't have a
monopoly on this stuff. Maybe. So, so
the decoupling from China could be from
innovation, not because we figure out a
different way to get stuff.
Possible. In related news, to Toyota is
planning to launch an EV with a 745 mile
range.
that that's about double what a lot of
the EVs have, but it's way more than
even the biggest one right now. And uh
you'll be able to charge it in 10
minutes. So, I had kind of stopped
reporting on all the battery innovations
because it was boring and there were too
many of them and they were going to
take, you know, 10 to 15 years to
actually be in any products. But uh
apparently these are going to be in
products really soon. So this is fully
developed recharge in 10 minutes. And
Harvard researchers say that the
batteries could last up to 30
years. So
745 mile
range, 10 minutes to charge it up, and
the battery lasts 30 years.
Not bad, Toyota. And uh raises the bar
for Tesla, doesn't
it? Well, Jensen Wang of Nvidia,
um he's agreed with Elon Musk on the
value of robots, humanoid, humanoid
robots. I think uh Elon Musk said at the
the high end uh the
robot market could be $50 trillion
dollars and that's what Jensen Wang
says. He says it could be a $50 trillion
industry because the world is short of
workers and there's declining birth rate
and he thinks the first use will be in
manufacturing.
So, people keep asking me, Scott,
um, how do I plan my future in the robot
world? And I don't know the answer to
that because I'm definitely not smart
enough to peer into the future and see
what all that robot business is going to
bring. But I'll give you kind of a a
general advice which is I think the
economic value of doing stuff, you know,
carrying things from here to there and
just doing stuff is going to drop to
zero because the robots will do it. But
the value of owning
stuff might be retained because robots
can't own anything. So if you own a
hotel and people want to stay at it as
long as there's still some people
around, you know, that might be worth
something. If you own robots, you know,
may maybe the model will be that
individuals can own a dozen robots and
then the robots just go to work for you.
That's what the uh the new uh Teslas
will be able to do soon. Uh very soon
you'll be able to park your Tesla on the
curb and if anybody wants a uh auto
taxi, they can just call it on the app
and your car will drive to them and make
some money while you're
asleep.
So that's a case of owning something
instead of doing something. So just
think in those terms to think of
something that a robot can't do, you
know, let's say I don't know there
there's some things where you just need
people. Um but they they tend not to be
the highest paying jobs. All right, but
let me give you a counterpoint. Right.
The counterpoint
uh
Mario on X is uh is arguing that
radiologists
um started using AI because it's way
faster you know to look at uh what are
they looking at imaging. So once you do
some imaging the radiologist has to look
at it and say oh this is you know bigger
than it should be. But apparently that
was a
laborious process where they literally
had to measure the size of stuff. So
they would say, "Oh, this looks like
it's a little bit bigger than it should
be." And now the AI could do that. But
instead of replacing radiologists, it
just became a tool for radiologists.
Now, how many of you remember the dawn
of the computer era where the smart
people said it was going to make paper
obsolete? You know,
paper and then you waited for a paper to
become obsolete and people just kept
using paper. In fact, since it was
easier to make documents and you
couldn't carry your computer to meetings
for at least for a while, um you'd bring
paper. Now, I haven't been in the the
real world um business for a while. Is
it still true that if you go to a
meeting, people are going to have paper
with them or is that now been completely
replaced with bring your laptop?
Is there anybody still in the business
world? But here's the thing. I think it
was 40 years ago. It was maybe 40 years
ago that we thought paper would go
away. I have not bought any less paper
in 40
years. So, but now but now we're it's a
mix of paper and laptops. I think
depending on the company, it would be
embarrassing to have
paper. Oh, people don't even go to the
meetings in person. They do it
remotely. Paper took a hit because of
the pandemic. You
think you use
both? All right. So, but my only point
it's not really about paper. It's about
we're we're not really good at
estimating what's going to go away. Do
you remember when television was
invented? I'm old enough to basically
remember when televisions were
introduced into the living room and all
the smart people said, "Well, radio's
dead, but radio didn't
die. It just moved into your car." and
then became, you know, talk radio for
politics and Rush Limbbo and stuff like
that. We're really really
bad at estimating what's going to go
away. We're we're a little bit better at
estimating what's going to
arrive, but it doesn't replace things as
quickly as, you know, cars and and horse
and buggy. So for every for every
example where something did obviously
replace something like uh cell phones
did obviously replace pretty much the
bulk of wired phones at least in terms
of
usage. We'll see. So that's a
counterpoint then maybe people humans
will just use the AI but you still need
the human. How about a counter to the
counterpoint? All right, counter to the
counterpoint. Um, I saw Greg Eisenberg
on X. Um, he saying that Microsoft just
terminated 7,000 employees
uh because AI couldn't do their
jobs, but would you like a counterpoint
to the counterpoint of the counterpoint?
Somebody named Incognito John 23 said
that's misleading because the uh the
employee terminations are really based
on a merger where they just had too many
employees and not based on
AI. So watch out for your fake news
about
AI. Um and would you like a counter to
the counter to the counter to the
counterpoint? All right. Well, I have
one. So, according to futurism,
um there was a company that wanted to be
the darling of open AI and be the first
ones to replace it marketing and
customer service with AI.
So, I guess they've been uh trying to do
that since AI
uh open AI and chat GPT got good enough
to try and now giving up on that because
they found that AI did not make their
customers
happy. It were it was cheaper because
they did get rid of the human employees.
But apparently their their efforts to
automate marketing and customer service
didn't work out. Um it's a it's a
financial tech startup. So they're going
to basically reverse it and put humans
back into it. Now imagine if you were
calling some company and you had a
problem. How many times is your problem
something that they've heard of before?
In my case, it's never. I I can't think
of a single time I've ever called
customer support and they'd ever even
heard of heard of my
problem. Every time I've had to call,
which is many, many times, like most of
you, the the person who takes the call
has never heard of what I've what my
problem is, and they have to figure it
out like they're starting from scratch.
And then they've got to talk to people
and they've got to look at their notes
and you've got to try things and you got
to reboot. But never
never is it something that they've seen
before. Now why? I don't know. Who
knows? Just too many different
situations. But imagine if you got an
AI and and the AI was trying to figure
out how to solve a problem that nobody
had ever seen
before. How well would it do? Since it's
only trained on things it's seen before,
could it really figure out a new thing
that you know would would its pattern
recognition be enough if it didn't work
for the humans and the humans would be
you know highly trained? So imagine how
frustrated you would be if you couldn't
talk to a human and you also couldn't
get a
solution. You would be insane.
your brain would be on fire. At least if
you can talk to a human, you feel like
you've gotten past the the first, you
know, the first barrier like, okay, I'm
talking to a human and this human needs
to make me happy because they're they're
paid just depends on it. But the AI
doesn't get paid. So the AI doesn't
really feel what you feel. It's not
really on your
side. It's just doing things by
patterns. But if you've got a customer
service person and you know that they're
measured by their ability to quickly
satisfy you and there might even be
somebody listening to the call, you at
least feel like they're trying hard to
solve your problem. So that's my counter
counter counter counter point to AI
taking all the jobs. So look at it. It's
it's almost like ridiculously hard to
predict uh what's coming. So that's a
problem. Well, there's a group that says
that uh robots and AI already have free
will. Uh do you know how they decided
that AI has free will
already? They changed the definition of
free
will. Okay. So here's their definition
of free will. Uh so the following
conditions have to be met and this comes
from Neuro
Edge. Uh it's based on a new study
published in the journal of AI and
ethics. So, so they say that AI has free
will if it meets the following
conditions. And some of you are going to
say, "Yeah, that's same with humans,
right? It should be." So, it shouldn't
be the same standard as with humans. All
right. Condition number one, it has
goals and purposes. Check. Yeah, it does
have goals and purposes because you just
program those in there. Um, it has
genuine alternatives, meaning that it
can choose from different options.
Check. It could definitely do that. What
good would it be if it couldn't do that?
And has the capacity to control actions
based on those intentions?
Check. It can do all those things. Do
you know what all those things are
collectively? Cause and effect.
It's just cause and effect. So if you
define if you define free will to be
identical to cause and
effect, well sure. Okay, now your AI has
free will, but it doesn't mean a thing.
It's just cause and
effect.
So I know you I know that's making say
half of you crazy, but think about
it. All right. Um, let's talk about
Trump and stuff, but first we'll talk
about RFK. So, RFK
Jr. is going after pesticides and food.
And I guess he's got some report that's
coming and the pesticides he's targeting
and I assume that the report would have
to support that or he wouldn't keep
targeting
um would be
uh glyphosate and
atrizine and he thinks those are uh
toxins. Now Trump officials are
reviewing it but you know no decisions
have been made. farm groups are against
it because it would lower yields, of
course. Uh, but here's what I didn't
know. Uh, apparently the European
Union still allows
glyphosate. I swear I've heard a
thousand times that they don't allow
glyphosate in Europe, but apparently
they do. Uh, however, the other one,
atrizine, uh, is not allowed in the
European Union, but it is allowed in
America. So, we'll see. We'll see if we
uh end up banning both or maybe we just
match Europe and ban the one. We'll see.
Um but I do like the fact that every
time RFK Jr. has an idea, his critics go
crazy and they say, "But, but
but you've got to look at the science."
And then every time he's looking at
something, he says, "Well, that's what
we're doing." you know, we commissioned
a study or we put together a meta study
or we're looking at the science every
time. He he doesn't sometimes look at
the science and sometimes
guess what what do his critics think
he's doing? Do they think he's
guessing? He made it very clear that
he's all about the science and he's
going to show us his work and other
scientists will get to look at it and
they'll have plenty of time to say this
is good science or bad science or to add
some more science. But it it's amazing
to me that his critics have decided that
sometimes he's going to use the science
and sometimes he's just just going to
make up. That's not going to
happen. He's going to go with the
science every single time. Now, the
science might be wrong, but he's not
going to ignore the science. That's not
going to start happening all of a
sudden. Anyway, I guess uh President
Trump got to meet the the new Syrian
president who not too long ago had a 10
million bount 10 million bounty on his
head for being a terrorist, but now he's
reformed cuz you know terrorists
sometimes
reform. It might be the first time it's
ever happened. Um but uh he met the
Syrian president not in Syria but in
Saudi Arabia and uh wasn't the longest
meeting in the world but uh the crown
prince of Saudi Arabia and and uh
Turkeykey's Erdogan joined by phone and
it looks like the people who are on our
side are trying to rehabilitate this guy
you know reputationally so that we can
work with
him and the idea is that uh Trump is
going to remove his sanctions, which is
something Syria desperately
needs. And uh and the government of
Syria is going to take some steps to
meet US demands. And that would include
arresting
militants and also
um having relations with Israel,
positive relations with Israel. And
they've said yes to those.
So, I mean, if he's a reformed
terrorist, he's doing a real good job of
it. You know, I I'm not close enough to
this situation to know if this is all a
good idea or the worst idea ever, but
he's making a hell of a show of being a
reformed guy who just wants things to
work out.
Israel said none of this will stop their
military operations in southern Syria
because I guess there's still some bad
guys in southern Syria that Israel's
after. But uh Ali London was reporting
that uh what the US wants them to do is
to sign on to the Abraham Accords
including relations with Israel uh to
tell the foreign terrorists to leave
Syria. Well, tell them. I mean, probably
has to do more than tell them. Uh,
deport Palestinian terrorists. I don't
know why you'd make a difference between
one kind of terrorist and another. And,
uh, help the
US fight against
ISIS and assume responsibility for ISIS
detention centers in northern northeast
Syria. That all sounds kind of doable
and I I think the Syrians plan to do
it. So, wouldn't that be
amazing? It would be kind of phenomenal,
I think, if Syria became a, you know, a
country we could work with out of what
it's been now. I feel like it's way too
way too early to be too optimistic about
that, but everything we see looks good.
Um Brett Bearer is uh reporting that uh
President Trump's strategy for the
Middle East is instead of uh talking
about it about this big problem area
that's full of terror and fighting and
stuff. Did my my light just went out
again? Hold
on. Go on.
There we
go. So Trump's uh reframe of the Middle
East, you could call it a strategy, is
to call to think of it as a commerce
zone. So to make everybody think about
money. So instead of thinking about war,
how about think about making some money?
and and part of that is he's going there
and making these gigantic deals. Um,
some of them are about the Middle East,
but a lot of them are about investing in
the US and just getting everybody
financially
entangled such that war just stops
making sense. Makes more sense to, you
know, just build up your
money. I think that makes a ton of
sense. And it also is compatible with
his what I would say is Trump's strategy
on
Iran. So Trump has been adamant about
not being a sucker and not being drawn
into a war with Iran. But what are you
going to do if if they insist on
building their nuclear facilities to the
point where they can make a bomb in 10
minutes? Well, it appears that Trump's
approach, it's too early to know for
sure because he hasn't he hasn't taken
violence off the table, but I would say
that it would be so
non-Trump to just attack
Iran cuz there's no way that's going to
go great either for Iran or the Middle
East or anybody else. It would just be,
you know, another debacle. And I think
Trump doesn't want that on his permanent
record. Neither do we. So it looks like
he's going to threaten Iran with
complete economic
destruction, which is again compatible
with his reframing of the Middle East as
an economic zone that everybody should
be paying attention to because he thinks
the Middle East is growing like crazy,
too. It's a fast I I think they've got a
you know fast population growth as well
as economic growth. And it made me
wonder what exactly can you do to Iran
that you haven't already done? And I
guess the main thing is Iran is still
shipping
oil. And uh you know, of course, they're
doing it sort of under the you know,
under the under the what? Under the
curtain or somewhat uh
surreptitiously. But it's not like we
can't figure out which ships are full of
oil. I mean, we could watch them from
above. So maybe all he's going to do is
threaten them with complete economic
collapse, which I think he could
deliver. I think he could deliver that.
It would probably take about 6 months.
And that might be
enough. But what I'm sure of is simply
mindlessly attacking them
militarily just doesn't feel like a good
idea.
Yeah, I was worried though that there
wasn't any other idea because I was
under the impression that the sanctions
that we already have on Iran, you know,
must have been pretty brutal and if that
wasn't making a difference, but
apparently brutal we haven't gotten to.
So brutal sanctions are a whole other
level and apparently Trump is willing to
go to that level to avoid a physical war
and to get Iran on its side. But I also
like the
fact that as the Middle East is
embracing Trump like like crazy, I mean
they're really treating him like a
superstar, at least the Saudis and
theQatar is.
um if he pulls together a yet more uh
impressive Abraham Accord where
essentially everybody but Iran is on the
same team and they're all working
together almost like a European Union.
Um it's going to be harder and harder
for Iran
to have any bad uh intentions. They're
just going to want to they're going to
want to have to play along, I think, at
some point.
So everything about this seems like he's
heading in the right direction, but of
course it's very unpredictable area. So
you never know. So I guess Trump uh is
in Qatar already. He's already headed
there. And Qatar is putting out the red
carpet very much like the Saudis. You
know, they had the the horses and the
the jets were accompanying Air Force One
in and uh they're going all the way.
But uh I'm now going to change my
opinion about the gift of the Qatari
airplane that uh Trump said he would
accept. Um that would be the new Air
Force One or at least one of the two Air
Force ones.
My first thought was I don't like
anything about it cuz it's uh it looks
like it's going to influence him and uh
anything that even indirectly influences
the president while he's got to
negotiate with these same countries just
feels like a bad idea. And then there's
the look of it. So it would be an easy
attack vector for his for his enemies.
Oh, you just love the dictators or
whatever. You're you're just doing it
for your own benefit, whatever. And then
it didn't really make sense to me
because if the um the real thing that
takes time is taking an ordinary jet and
turning it into Air Force One, my
understanding is that Boeing already has
the
frames. You know, the hard part. The
hard part's over. Well, no. The easy
part's over, which is building sort of a
generic airplane. The reason we don't
have Air Force One for another 7 to 10
years is that's how long it would take
to build it out. So, it's an Air Force
One because it has all these, you know,
defensive things that you've never heard
of. And it's got basically every part of
it is different from a normal plane when
you get to the inside. So, wouldn't that
be exactly the same for the Qatari
plane? The Qatari plane wouldn't be done
until Trump left office. There's not
even the slightest chance that it would
be done before he leaves office. So, my
initial response had been, I'm
uncomfortable with this Qatari plane
thing. I was, you know, still re
reserving a little bit of judgment. But
then every time I heard Trump talk about
it, he he kept changing my
mind. I don't know if any of you had
this
experience, but when I just read about
it as a news report, I think, well, this
is a terrible idea. No, don't take that
plane. Don't take then. No, bad idea.
Bad idea. And then I'd see a clip of
Trump saying, well, you'd have to be an
idiot not to take a free airplane. And
then I
go, "Okay, well that's pretty
persuasive. Why wouldn't you take a free
airplane?" And then he says, "It's it's
a reward for us doing a good job." And
I'm like, "Damn it. Stop it. Stop it.
Stop convincing me it's a good idea to
take this
airplane." So here's my current
view. And it's not that it's a good idea
to take the airplane. And it's not that
it's a bad idea to take the airplane. I
was in the wrong
frame. So I changed my
frame. He is there to
persuade, right? He's persuading them to
make deals. He's a salesman. He wants to
reframe the whole area. This is a
persuasion trip.
If you allow yourself to move away from
the commerce and the gift and sort of
the the surfacy story, let's get down to
persuasion. If the if the uh royal
family of Qatar offers you a very
valuable uh
gift before you negotiate with them,
should you say yes or no?
you should say
yes because you want to show them the
respect that the gift
requires. Now, I think Trump knows that
other people can kill this deal, such as
Congress, such as public
opinion, such as it's so politically bad
that you can't do it. Trump can be the
good cop here. I think he's just showing
complete respect to Qatar because he's
going into some difficult negotiations
which are going to get into some hard
stuff like what the are you doing
with
Hamas and he doesn't want to start that
with um you know essentially being rude
and turning down a gift that seems to
make sense on the surface to him.
So, I'm looking at this as exactly
correct
persuasion, which is first you say yes.
Then you say the Qataris are awesome for
even offering it in the first place. And
you say you're all in and anybody who
says this is a bad idea is just wrong.
Why wouldn't you take a free gift from
these awesome Qataris who are our good
friends? Now, are they our good friends?
Well, some would say that they're
playing both sides of the street.
Sometimes they're our friends. Sometimes
they seem to be supporting Hamas. Uh I
don't know the truth of of either of
those
things. But I do know that turning down
that gift would have looked like a
persuasion mistake. And if you stay in
the persuasion frame, which is the right
frame for the entire trip, he played it
right. Now, do I want Congress to figure
out a way to deny him the plane? Yes, I
do. I want Congress to deny it. I do not
want that plane. And I think the plane
would be a huge mistake. And I think on
some level, Trump probably knows it. He
probably knows it. But he's playing it
right.
All right. Apparently Putin has now said
he wants Trump to join him and Zalinski
in Turkey to talk about the potential
end to that war. And Caitlyn Collins is
reporting for CNN that Trump says that
um he hasn't decided to go there, but he
said quote uh about Putin, he would like
me to be there. That's a possibility.
That doesn't mean I wouldn't do it to
save a lot of lives and come back. I
don't know that he would be there if I'm
not
there. So, do you remember when the
Democrats told us that Trump was being
considered like the laughingstock of the
international
community? Does anybody remember that?
And then uh Caris Dharmmer comes over
and he he's like Trump's best friend.
And then he goes to the Middle East and
he's treated like a
god. And then Putin says, "I can't even
have this meeting without
you. Where where's the part where where
we've lost all of our respect in the
world?" And then and then China says,
"All right, let's do a deal."
Where's all the part where where Trump
is embarrassing the United
States? Does anybody see any of that?
That was all
 As I've told you many times,
the world is a transactional place. They
don't care about how much respect they
have for somebody. They care about what
can you do for me? And they're watching
Trump be a man of action, a man who can
make things happen. And they're
thinking, well, could he make things
happen for us? Because we need some
things like the end of the war, like the
Abraham Accords, like getting along,
like getting rid of the terrorists.
There are things we need. And Trump is a
man of action and he apparently can make
stuff happen. things that they America
needs and things that we need,
too. So, they're treating him uh like
the most important person in the world
because he's the most important person
in the
world. So, I don't know what the odds
are that the Ukrainian thing will work
out. Uh, you know, it's hard to be
optimistic about it, but maybe. I
mean, maybe. So the fact that uh that
the international community is basically
fighting over his time because I think
he was going to go to the UAE or
something so it would take away from
some of their time. Um so I don't know
what he's going to do but I guess Marco
Rubio at the very least Marco Rubio is
going to the uh the Turkey meeting with
with Russia. So we'll see what comes of
that.
There's a report in the New York Times
that a small company with ties to China
uh wants to buy $300 million worth of
Trump's meme coins, his his
crypto. Now, this this small company
with ties to China has never made any
money, but somehow they mysteriously
have $300 million from some kind of
stock transaction. And of all the things
in the world that they could put their
$300 million into, they've decided that
their best play is a Trump
[Laughter]
memecoin. Does anything does anything
sound sketchy about that?
Everything. Everything about that sounds
sketchy. I'm going to wait for David
Sachs to weigh
in. Here's what I don't expect. Oh,
that's a good idea. Let's take that
money from that that that small company
with ties to China that miraculously has
$300 million and nothing better to spend
it on than meme
coins. All right. All right. Let me say
as clearly as possible because I know
this is going to come up. I am never
going to say that Trump's crypto plays
that that are things that are good for
Trump and the Trump family. I will never
be in favor of that.
Right. I will never back him on any
crypto stuff. If the Democrats say, "Oh,
this is terrible." I'm going to say,
"Well, that's there's an opinion." If uh
anybody wants to say, "But Scott, is it
some kind of 4D chess?" Nope. Nope. I
don't see any 4D chess. It It looks like
it's stuff that was designed to be good
for Trump. And I'm I'm not going to
defend it even one second. So I'm
completely not in favor of any of the
weird crypto stuff, but I also don't
understand it completely. I don't
believe if I did understand it
completely, it would change my mind one
bit. So don't look to me to defend him
on the crypto
stuff. You know, the only thing I can
say is that it's
transparent. That doesn't give you
much. It's It just looks sketchy as all
hell to me.
But it seems to be legal as far as I
know. Well, how many times have I told
you that when people argue with
analogies, it's because they don't have
an argument. You've heard me say that a
number of times, right? Here's a good
example. I think it was on the five that
the uh whoever
the Democrat person was who was sitting
then that day was making a an
analogy between uh Trump doing business
in the Middle East and uh doing
licensing deals where the Trump name was
put on uh
hotels and
um and the argument was well you know
how's that different than the Biden
crime family. If you thought the Biden
crime family was bad, why don't you
Yeah, it was
Maria, what's her last
name? Was it
Harf? Um, you'll give me the right name
in the comments in a minute. But, you
know, if you weren't complaining, if you
were complaining about the Biden crime
family, why wouldn't you complain about
Trump, you know, benefiting from his
time in
office? So, Harf, yeah, Maria Harf, I
guess, uh, was the person on the five.
And,
uh, of course, you know, Greg Guffel
jumped all over it. did they didn't have
quite enough time for him to completely
destroy her. But
the that is the worst analogy I've ever
seen in my life.
How do you compare Hunter Biden taking a
diamond from the Chinese spy
chief that nobody knew about, you know,
totally secret while he's working all
these deals and violating FAR, you know,
violating the law FAR and is, you know,
clearly just making money and putting it
into secret accounts and having all
these secret accounts. How do you
compare that to a fully transparent
business asusual deal where Trump's name
is on the tower like this gigantic Trump
name? So, nobody's hiding
anything. Now, I'm also
uncomfortable with the Trump business,
you know, benefiting from the fact that
uh Trump may have some uh some good
feelings in other countries. So they
want to put his name on buildings. It's
not the greatest thing for the country,
but you can't compare it to something
that is just flatout
illegal. Something that's completely
legal and completely
transparent. Nobody's hiding anything.
It's business as usual for the Trump
Trump business to license their name to
appropriate projects.
So,
uh, remember every time you see an
analogy as an
argument, the reason people use
analogies for an
argument is because they don't have an
argument. If they had an argument, they
would say, "Well, what he's doing is
illegal." Oh, okay. Well, that's an
argument. Now, that's not the case in
this case. But if you have to say, "But
what about this analogy to this thing
that is
illegal?" You don't have any argument.
Yeah, that's in my book, Loser Think.
You're
right. Well, inflation has reached its
lowest since 2021.
Um, and I know that the the coverage
seems to be pretending that the the
tariff stuff didn't make any difference,
but there's a timing problem here. The
whatever is driving the current
inflation probably is what has happened
recently, but not as recently as the
tariff stuff. So if in fact the
disruption from all the tariff threats
and negotiations if they have an effect
on prices that would still be ahead of
us. So it would be incorrect in my
opinion to say Trump was right that he
could do tariffs and at the same time
inflation would not go up. It might be
true. It might be true because one of
the things I've learned about inflation
since my time as an economics major in
college was that it seems that nobody
understands
inflation. On one hand, it seems obvious
if you print more money, you have more
inflation. I got it right. Yes, got it.
Totally understand that. But why can't
anybody predict it?
What? Why are the experts so bad at
predicting inflation? And do you
remember
stagflation? I mean, that kind of caught
people off guard. How can you have
stagflation?
Then the other thing we don't understand
is is it possible that
inflation is lower because uh the
economic activity got
depressed because when you're not
selling much you're not raising
prices. So is it good
news or is it an indication that
um demand has has fallen
off? I don't trust anything about
inflation numbers when everything is
roing the way it is now. There are too
many variables in play. But the only
thing I I want to warn you about is if
you're pairing these two things and
saying, "Oh, inflation is low at the
same time as tariff activity is high,
therefore the tariff activity has
nothing to do with inflation." That
would be incorrect. There's probably
just a timing problem or other variables
that are not fully
explored. Well, meanwhile, James
Carville is still trying to get the
Democrats to use the right words. And
he's added a few words that he thinks
are dumb for Democrats to use. He says,
"Stop using equity and use equality
instead. Stop saying oligarch because
nobody knows what it means.
stop with your uh
communities, you know, stop having
communities like uh LGBTQ plus. He goes,
"How about, you know, just everybody's
people, you know, stop doing communities
and stop doing
intersectionality?"
Um, and he he said about oligarch, he
goes, "This is another really stupid
word, oligarch. Who in the f knows what
an oligarch
is? Now I would add to James Carville's
complaints. How many people know what
habius
corpuses? Now habius corpus gets to due
process for somebody who's locked up.
But I'm going to go even further. How
many Democrats could define due
process? Yeah. You know, most of us are
news junkies or you wouldn't be watching
this podcast. So, if you're news junkie,
of course you know what due process is.
Of course you do. You might even know
what ABS Corpus is. But how many average
Democrats could define either of those
terms? There's something about the
Democrats that is so
disconnected from what the real world
is. It It's just hilarious.
But I got a question for you. Um, you
know, sometimes I can't tell my own uh
influence. Is it my
imagination or was I the first person to
say that the oligarch term was
ridiculous cuz the Democrats don't know
what an oligarch
is? Was I the first? Because I feel like
I was and then it just was everywhere.
And what I wondered was would that have
happened on its own because the oligarch
thing was kind of cooking along for a
while and nobody was saying anything
like we don't know what an oligarch is
until I said it and then right after I
said it people started saying
it. Was that
me? Now that's a genuine question
because I have no way to know. But if
you know somebody else who is does what
I do, you know, talk about the news, was
there anybody who beat me to it? Cuz in
that case, it was probably them. Uh, but
I'm not aware of
it. So, and I don't know that everybody
would have hit that same idea that we
don't know what that the world doesn't
know what an oligarch is. I don't know
how obvious that was until I pointed it
out.
So anyway,
um here's what else I would add to it.
Um have you noticed that the Democrats
when they talk about uh Trump's first
112 days or whatever it is, they say
that it was that it's
catastrophic. So they say, well, you
know, Trump's so far has been
catastrophic.
And I say to
myself, wait, what? What was
catastrophic? I wake up every day and
nothing really catastrophic is happening
to me. I mean, at least from
politics. Are any of you experiencing
anything
catastrophic? Is it the lower inflation?
Is it the border being protected? Is it
the deals he's making on tariffs and
other things? Is it the potential that
he might end some wars? Is that the
hoodies stopped bombing us? What exactly
is the catastrophic part? Is it that
there was one
MS13 accused MS-13 guy who was a
Maryland dad who didn't get his due
process?
Is that the catastrophic part? But when
you hear anybody try to add anything to
it? Uh they they talk about how he's you
know becoming a strong man or you know
he's trying to become an
authoritarian to which I
say hasn't he obeyed the courts so far?
Is there a court case or a court order
that's just being ignored? Because if
he's simply doing things which are
pushing the envelope, but then the
courts are deciding, you know, what he
can get away with and what he
can't, that's not
okay. So where is the catastrophic part?
So I think the Democrats need to get rid
of catastrophic and chaos because they
can't define either one and they don't
give any examples.
All right, I'm going to go contrarian on
a Biden
story. So, we're we're learning now that
the reason uh George Clooney was so uh
alarmed that Biden's brain wasn't
working is that when he met Biden, Biden
didn't recognize George Clooney.
Now, on one hand, you would say, "Oh my
god, he's the most recognizable actor of
of course anybody would recognize George
Clooney." On the other hand, has anybody
noticed that George Clooney doesn't look
like George Clooney
anymore? Uh, I don't know what's going
on. And I don't know if it's weight loss
or because he changed his hair or
whatever, but to me, George Clooney
doesn't look as much like George Clooney
as he used to. Do you think that that
could be part of the story? Do you think
it's 100% that Biden wasn't very sharp
because, you know, he probably knew he
was going to run into George Clooney.
Somebody probably told him. Or is it
possible that he looked right at him and
he didn't recognize George Clooney
because he doesn't look the same as he
did even a year ago? Cuz he doesn't look
the same as he did even a year ago. Now,
I don't know why. You know, it could be
he's, you know, it's because he's doing
something for a play or something, but
uh I'm not 100% sure that that was a
Biden
problem. You know, I I could imagine it
happening to me. that that's why I'm
being a little uh a little uh flexible
on that one. But uh PBS News had a uh
video in which a reporter was asking uh
Chuck
Schumer this question. You said in June
of last year that in my dealings with
President Biden, I found him to be in
command and impressive. Were you being
straight with the American public? And
Schumer's answer was, "We're just
looking
forward." Now, that sounds a lot like a
confession, doesn't it? We're just
looking forward. He's completely
surrendered to the idea that he can't
keep up the sherad or charade that uh
that he wasn't aware that Biden was
mentally incapable. It just looks like
he just gave up and said, "We're just
looking forward." So, you can take that
win. So, we'll take the
win. According to Resist the Mainstream,
I don't know who they are, but they're
claiming that
uh Biden's uh got a prostate nodule that
was discovered. And that nodule
uh was uh had some basilc cell
carcinoma. These are all words. They're
trying to say cancer but not saying the
actual word. And
uh then a biopsy confirmed that it was
basilc cell carcinoma. And then they say
that all cancerous tissue was
successfully removed according to Fox
News. Now how did they do that without
surgery?
Do you believe that he had a cancerous
nodule on his prostate and it was 100%
removed without surgery or that he had
surgery and we didn't hear about
it? There's something about this story
that doesn't add
up. I'm just saying.
Um, you may know uh political
commentator Mark
Halpern, who I consider, um, I've been
watching him for a while. He's got a
very good podcast, Twire, I think it's
called. And he always seems like a
straight shooter, meaning that he's not
he's not the spin guy. I can't even
tell. Honestly, it's hard to tell what
political view he favors. He's he's that
balanced. But according to him when he
talks about Fedaman because there there
are stories that Fedman has been a
little erratic. We don't know what that
means exactly but Halperin said uh quote
but I can tell you behind the scenes and
you know Helperin has really good
sources. He goes behind the scenes
Fedamman's behavior warrants the
commentary it's gotten plus more. I can
tell you that. So, Federman is in fact
acting in a way that um I think from a
purely health
perspective is
concerning. So, if you thought you saw
it publicly, well, you were um it was
showing up. Now, I hope he gets the uh I
hope he gets the help that he needs
because it could be anything. could be
anything
from well, it could be anything. I I'll
I'll just say I would treat this as a
health problem and uh I'll just hope he
gets better.
Um, according to 404 media, the
Republicans are trying to put into their
big beautiful uh budget bill AI
regulations. Um, a ban on states
regulating AI for 10 years because I
guess states could do that if they
wanted to and that would be very bad.
Um, but I think it's not just states,
but it's about anybody.
So, so the Republicans want AI to uh
live free and, you know, do what it can
do capitalism wise. I don't know if
that's a good idea or a bad idea, but
it's in there. Um, remember Senator
Tillis? He apparently came out against
Trump's plan to slash drug prices with
his executive
order. What?
what how in the world could he be a
Republican senator and be against it?
And he calls the most favored nations
policy, that's where we get the the best
price that any other country gets,
shortsighted and
unsustainable. Really, it's shortsighted
and unsustainable.
Really? It It's not just a gigantic
financial advantage for senior citizens
especially. No, it's shortsighted and
unsustainable. Now, do you trust him
anymore? I
mean, you need a better argument than
that for me to think that you're not
being influenced by something or
someone.
So any trust you had in Senator Tillis,
I think you should remove. Now, if he
has a good argument that for some
miraculous reason he's the only one who
thought of it, I'm open to it. Yeah, let
let's hear a good argument. But that's
not an argument shortsighted and
unsustainable. You're going to need a
little bit more than that. Now, maybe
there is a little bit more than that. I
haven't seen it. But if nobody else is
picking up on his
argument, I think you just can't trust
him on this or anything else. I
mean, it feels like it's just so over
the
top and obviously not serving the
people. So, that's what it feels
like. According to the Daily Wire,
there's
uh um some advocates for a remittance
tax. So when all the illegal migrants
send money back to Mexico, there's I
guess $86 billion went back in
2023. There's a the the Big Beautiful
bill
um includes a 5% remittance tax. So, the
big beautiful bill is not approved yet,
but it might
be. And that would be
uh some extra free money. I mean, it's
not not going to change the the total uh
debt situation. It's not that big, but
it does feel like we should get
something. You know, it feels like a
fair thing to tax, but maybe I think
that because it's not me. So 5%
potential tax. I also wonder how much of
those how much of that money that's
being sent back is trackable. Do you
think it's
trackable? I feel like they find ways to
send money that are, you know, sort of
not trackable, but I don't know the
details.
Well, there's a Trump appointed judge
who says it's okay for uh Trump to use
the Alien Enemies Act to deport those
Venezuelan gangs, the Trenda Ara. That's
according to Blaze Media. Um but it but
the judge says that the administration
has to give them 21 days of
notice. How does that work?
Do do you do you arrest them in a big
operation and then say wait right here
for 21
days or can you put them in
jail and and then the 21 days starts? I
don't know if this is helping as much as
it looks like. And I also don't know if
this is the final say, but at the
moment, at least there's one judge who
says that Trump can keep doing these uh
deportations. So, I think that's what
the administration will
do. Well, I was watching some video of
Josh Holly going after the CEO of All
State
Insurance, and apparently there are some
whistleblowers. Now, you can't always
trust the whistleblowers because
remember,
whistleblowers sometimes are brave
heroes telling us what we need to know.
Sometimes they're disgruntled employees
who maybe got fired for a good reason,
but that's not the way they're going to
tell it. So, you have to be careful
about your whistleblowers.
But there are a couple whistleblowers
who say that All State
essentially
um essentially ordered them
to to downgrade their estimates of how
much they should pay people for the
damage to their homes. Now, if that's
true and essentially they were being
asked to lie because the, you know, the
evaluators, what would they be called?
uh what's the name of those people? The
people who who look at your house and
decide how much insurance you're going
to get anyway. So those people say that
they would do their work and then the
bosses would say, "Well, why don't you
change that number so that we give them
less money?" Adjusters. Thank you. The
adjusters. So if it's
true that All State
was leaning on the adjusters to
literally lie because it was good for
profit. That's a pretty big problem. And
I think Josh Ali is doing good work to
expose
that. In related news, another insurance
company that I always I always confuse
with All
State Farm because they both have State
in the name. Uh they've requested and
been granted a
17% premium increase in
California, but they still won't cover
wildfires. And the 17% is just the first
part of what they want. They want
30%.
So insurance companies are not doing
great.
I mean, I I guess it's better that they
exist than they don't, but they're not
really helping California too much, and
they they're starting to look more like
the enemy than the uh than the
safety. In some technology news,
according to engineering and technology,
there's an electrolysis technique that
now can convert seawater directly into
hydrogen without desalinating it first.
Now apparently it is so efficient that
it can be and it looks like it can be
ramped up to industrial scale but so
efficient that you can use solar
power to create the uh the hydrogen. So
in
theory, if you're a place that's near
seawater and you get a lot of sun, you
can just put this new industrial scale
production thing there and it will just
keep running and create a bunch of
hydrogen that is worth more than the
cost of the
installation. Now that would be pretty
pretty amazing actually. So, I don't
know if this is the thing that will
change the world, but every time I see
something like this, I think, man, you
really can't predict where anything is
going. Cuz if you can simply put up some
solar panels and uh dip a hose in the
ocean and suddenly you're making
hydrogen
forever, that's kind of
awesome. It's kind of awesome. So, it
looks like that's coming. All right,
ladies and gentlemen, that's what I got
for
today. Looks like mostly good news and
watching Trump do his thing in the
Middle East is awesome.
Um, so uh let's keep an eye on that. But
I'm going to talk privately to the uh to
the subscribers on Locals and the rest
of you. Thanks for joining and I'll see
you same time, same place tomorrow
morning because I never rest. Neither
should you. Local supporters coming at
you in 30 seconds. Private