ah so I'm gonna watch myself so that I
could see your comments without turning
around how clever is that this totally
works
so there's a little bit of a timing
difference but I can now I can look in
this direction and I can find out what's
happening so people sometimes wonder
what's the process for making a comic
and so I thought I would show you now I
realize you can't see it very well but
you'll be able to get the gist of it so
what I'm using here is a a Wacom Cintiq
and there's even a newer version I'm
gonna pick up pretty soon that's a
little bit bigger but it's a drawing
surface so it's connected to a Macintosh
you can also connect it to a Windows
computer and it operates as a regular
monitor except that it has the dual
purpose that you can draw on it
now this little raggy half a glove that
I'm wearing that makes me look like
something out of a Dickens thing is so
that this is just my own little hack
that I learned from somebody else that
if you're if your hand is going to be
resting on the glass you don't want the
oils of your hand to be getting all over
your computer so I wear this little
glove that's really just a
photographer's glove for handling
negatives and I just cut off the fingers
so this is a comic that I drew this
morning and the words are in a separate
file I'll tell you why at the end and
all I'm doing is putting in colors in
the old days this had to be done in a
paper and you had to indicate what color
it is
you know a separate piece of paper and
it was just a mess so are probably not
gonna be talking about too much politics
today
I just I'm doing this for those of you
who had an interest in knowing what's it
like to be a cartoonist so this is where
I spend a lot of my time doing is
looking at this computer screen and
drawing on it and doing what I'm doing
now which is the this is the last stage
of putting the color up now when I do
the daily comics those get colored at
the printer
well I it's they get colored by this
indication service and then they said
they're sent to the printer and if you
ask me why did they put the color on the
daily comics whereas I put the color
under the Sundays I have no idea it's
one of those historical oddities that
has something to do with somebody's
contractor or something I don't know do
I have templates of Dilbert or do I draw
him every time here's your answer I
don't know if you can see this but these
are a bunch of Dilbert heads so when I'm
drawing a new comic for the the rough
draft I'll grab one of these and paste
it in and I'll just look for the one
where he's facing the right direction so
I've got one of these for all the major
characters but I do still end up drawing
doing an original drawing every time so
even though I cut and paste them they're
always resized and a little little
twisted so they're always drawn from
scratch ultimately so I just use these
templates to get it started and you know
make sure the dimensions are always
about the same all right let's get rid
of this so right now I'm just scrolling
through and looking for places that are
the same colors so putting the skin
tones on them making sure I got
everybody here
then I'm gonna start coloring in Tina
Tina's got black hair you will notice
I'm not very organized when I do this
because it's so insanely boring if you
do this a lot it's really really boring
I've been doing this for thirty years
you know the last ten or so or whatever
it's been I've been doing that under the
computer but it's insanely boring so if
you do it you know the same every time
you'll just go crazy so I tend to you
know have other things on and try to
muddle my way through it without my
brain exploding one of the reasons that
I'm talking to you on periscope is to
reduce my own boredom of doing this and
yes I could get somebody else to do it
but there is there was something to be
said for knowing that the creator of the
comic touched every part of it
and that's a sure how well you can see
this but it's just one tap with this
tool in there fills in
next up CGI CGI cartoons yeah let me let
me tell you what I would want this to be
I would want to have templates of Dilber
that I could actually just rotate and
then and then you know paste so I should
be able to take a template rotate it
around in any direction and then just
have the comic come from the 3d template
yes everyone's job gets boring even
glamorous once you know that the thing
that most of you don't see is that it's
a Macintosh what you don't see is that
you know as an official celebrity my my
life is exactly the same as everybody
else's young 99% of the time the only
time it's not is the time that people
are watching me because otherwise it's
completely ordinary I mean it's really
good but you know it's not like an alien
experience or anything all right
Scott are you friends with any other
major cartoonist Stephan Pastis is a
good friend
he's another Californian I would say
that I am acquainted with and friendly
with quite a few cartoonists that I've
met over the years but we tend to live
all over the place you know it's rare
it's pretty rare if there's another
cartoonist in your city you know at
least I am cartoonist I don't know if
there are any cities that have two
syndicated cartoonist and that would be
interesting maybe New York I'm not sure
have I tried the new iPad pro for art I
tried the the version just before it and
my impression is that if you're just
playing around or you're a kid or
something
the the iPads yeah a fun toy but for
actual you know career related
production stuff it's it's kind of
useless only because it's so small and
it's limited and you know the the space
having that this much real estate is
about 80% of the job do you know if
Scott stannis work I know of it do you
know the xkcd cartoonist now we've never
met it is Dale on your hand that is
correct
this this raggy little half glove
doubles as Dale if you ever made a
spelling error yes many times now in
most cases the the editors catch it
before it gets printed but I still I
still let let one slip by everyone now
in that so every every now and then I
have a spelling error but it's maybe
once a year or something though or less
I would think now one of the things you
have to learn about colorizing the
comics is that sometimes it's more fun
if you're picking colors that don't make
real sense in the real world so I don't
try too hard for example to make oops I
don't try too hard to make a building
look like a building yet in terms of the
colors yeah
and so this tool is the gradient tool so
what I did was made it look like the Sun
is hitting these windows so that they're
not uniform there's a little there's a
little less blue in the corners here
then I'll do the same thing with the
outdoors so I'm just gonna select it
with that tool so now all the space
around it is selected and then I'll pick
a sky color and then use this tool to
make a gradient so it's darker blue up
here probably hard to tell on your
monitors and then toward the bottom it's
a lighter blue because the tool I used
to put it in there then I got a colorize
this stupid table how many times if I
touched this paint tool to this to
something that looked like a table quite
a few times
turns out and the chairs and I've got to
pick a chair color that will have some
contrast to their clothing so I don't
like that needs a little more a little
more grey in it if he asked me why I
picked the color as I do probably every
selection has a whole story of the
history of you know why I first used it
or why it makes sense in this context so
there's actually a lot of thinking that
goes into the colors but it's there's
sort of a story that goes with each one
that would be its own story now at one
point the Dilbert universe changed from
neckties to casual clothes and has also
changed from standard coffee mugs to a
Starbucks like you know coffee the backs
of phones are usually gray in the
Dilbert world
and the the way I indicate it's a phone
is this little dot up in the corner that
looks like the phone camera so one of
the tricks of being a cartoonist is
figuring out where you can cut corners
and still tell the story so let me zoom
in on this and so you can see what I
mean
so here Dilbert is holding something and
you know it's meant to be his phone and
because it's cartoon you don't have a
lot of detail and a phone looks like
really just sort of a rectangle so how
do you indicate that he's holding a
phone instead of some random rectangular
object and in this case fortunately
phones have that distinctive little
camera in the corner and that allows me
to have something that's sort of
universally recognized as a camera shape
because it's got to dot the corner so
that's the least I could show here to
quickly make you say that's a camera
that's the very lowest level of
information that also gets you there
very quickly now I've got to find some
background colors so rather than drawing
complicated backgrounds I use a the fill
with a fade so I'm just selecting all
these backgrounds and then I'm gonna
change them all at once with I'll use my
favorite background color which is sort
of a darkish green at the top and then
I'm gonna use this gradient tool to give
it a little a little interest so the
background one of the ways that I
indicate that there's something behind
them but I don't need to show it to you
is by a faded background if I had a
solid background it would look like
there's just a wall behind them and your
brain would say that's boring there's
just a wall behind them but because I
put a little fade in the color
it sort of tricks the mind into thinking
oh I'm just focusing on the foreground
but there's probably some there's some
stuff back there and I know it's an
office and I know it's a conference sort
of looking thing so your brain just
fills in this stuff all right and by the
way that's really two parts of the same
the same technique in cartooning you
don't want to show all the detail
because it would get busy you know the
picture would be too busy so you want to
do that smallest amount you can and
often you've got to do things wrong to
make them look right which is the real
magic of cartooning right now I'm just
gonna use a brush and I've defined the
borders of the coffee cup and I'm gonna
pick a larger brush and then I'm just
gonna add a little grey accent here this
is probably more OCD than cartooning
right now because I'm not sure that the
reader is gonna pick up any any
difference here with what I'm doing but
I'm putting a little grey accent like
there's a shade on the cup that tells
your brain that maybe it's rounded so
it's the lowest level of detail I can
give it this still tells you as quickly
as possible what it is that's what I'm
going for
so a Dilbert cartoon because it's not
Calvin and Hobbes and it's not it's not
bloom County and it's not any cartoon
that has good artwork or in those cases
great artwork and since I don't have the
great artwork thing working for me I
make you concentrate on the writing and
the ideas and the best way to make sure
that you're looking at the ideas and
that I can control the timing of how you
perceive the comic which is very
important so even though the comic is
something that you read and you're all
reading it at your own your own rate the
cartoonist controls how quickly you're
going from one thought to another if
they're a good cartoonist so this is
another one of those cases where having
a talent stack that includes persuasion
and hypnosis makes me a better
cartoonist it's one of those up you know
unexplored or non-obvious things so I
think I have colored everything and I
think I was in the middle of some other
point but what I was saying is that the
cartoonist tries to control the the
timing of even how you're reading a
cartoon so if for example I wanted to
put in a pause I might I might have
somebody sitting there silently for a
panel just so I know that you'll think
about it for a moment before you go on
you'll see a lot of Dilbert cartoons
where this next to last panel nobody's
talking and that's a that's a humor
pause that I've decided as the let's say
the conductor of this orchids Orchestra
you needs to slow down right there
before it you know gives you the big
finale then also part of the art is how
do you have you get people to read the
situation quickly so in the Dilbert
universe I have the advantage that you
already know they're always at work so
if you know they're at work you don't
have to put in a lot of cues let me give
me an example here so you can tell very
quickly that he's sitting at a table and
then I don't have to draw a feet because
for you to paint a draw nobody likes to
draw feet there's no it's just no fun to
draw feet so I usually have them from
you know the knees up or the or the
waist up if I can then the table I want
to make this as simple as possible so
it's literally just a rectangle but I
need to show that yeah it's flat and
a a wall that they're sitting behind now
your brain figures out that it's a table
just because you see chairs and it's an
office and they appear to be sitting so
your brain is filling in a lot of detail
and a huge part of the the skill of
cartooning is to know when I can cause
your brain to do the work and so I don't
have to put the detail into the comic so
your brain is turning this into a table
even though it's literally nothing but a
rectangle and there should be no queues
telling you that it's you know one
orientation versus the other you should
you shouldn't be able to tell but then I
make sure that nobody is confused by
putting a coffee cup or any other object
on it and since that's such a
recognizable iconic thing the coffee cup
you recognize it instantly and that
immediately adjusts what you know to be
the flatness of the table there's a huge
a lot of bunch of art in how people are
standing so this is one of my my most
frequently used positions let's see if I
can blow this up here this is Tina and
she's got her her hands together and
this is this is one of the I think I
learned this actually from Bert
breathitt I think that's the first plate
time I saw it because it in the real
world people don't really stand like
this with their hands like that and I'm
pretty sure that I saw Burke breath or
do it in the bloom County for the first
time and then I stole it
so there's a lot of technique that
you'll see in in comics that are you
know little pieces you've stolen from
other cartoonists over the years which
by the way is a really good way to be to
learn to be creative you steal other
people's stuff you put it together
poorly and then nobody can recognize the
original sources because you did such a
bad job of combining all these pieces
and that's only that's only slightly
meant to be a joke because it is
literally true that if you tried to copy
a great cartoonist you would probably do
it poorly that because there are very
few great artists and so if you do it
poorly it's going to look like your own
thing so many of the characters in the
Dilbert universe are poorly copied
creatures from other people Sergio
Aragones and Gary Larson are mostly the
influences behind you know Dilbert's
body shape is this little potato body
and not having knack that that comes
from those cartoonists years ago all
right and now you're wondering where are
the words where are the words Scott so
I'm gonna go get some words you're not
supposed to be able to follow along in
this part but trust me I'm opening the
file so this is a an earlier version of
the file that has words in it and over
here are all of the words individually
and their own layers meaning that
they're little separate compartments if
you will and then I'm placing all the
words into it now the reason the words
were not there in the first place has to
do with the editing process so the
reason the words are separate layers if
you will is that when my editor sees
this if I made it let's say a minor
grammar error or something that they can
just edit the text because they have
control over it to make and they can
play with it but the art itself they
don't change except for in the most
minor ways but so the art idea to work
on and change the layers and flatten it
make it all one layer
so it's there's just a a technical
boring reason why the why the words were
in different files in case you're
wondering all right so now that I've
transferred the words over the file that
they came from is now no longer useful
but I'll keep it around just in case
something gets broken and I need it
later and now the big reveal I shall
read you this comic that will not run
until so this comic that I'm making
would run in the Internet and newspapers
for the first time
On January 20th 1990 what's today so
that's a month and twenty twenty days or
so eighteen days I think I'm supposed to
get them in six weeks at a time
something like that I forget but anyway
so I've got the finished comic here and
let me read it to you here's the setup
Dilbert is playing with his phone he's
sitting at a table Tina the tech writer
comes in and Tina says sometimes it
seems as if you don't like me Dilbert
says don't be ridiculous
and he doesn't really quite put his
phone down he goes back to his phone he
says I'm just an introvert and Dilbert
continues being around people drains my
energy and he continues I only avoid you
because spending five minutes with you
feels like being buried alive with fleas
instead of dirt then Tina says so it
isn't personal
and then Dilbert who's already starting
to nap says I need a nap so if you know
any introverts you know that introverts
actually lose energy when they're around
people and extroverts gain energy when
they're around people so
this will that's the type of cartoon
that will appeal a great deal to people
who are introverts and will not appeal
much at all to anybody else so the next
thing that I'll be doing is just
dragging that file into a into an FTP
upload site and it will appear in New
York at my syndication companies server
and they will distribute that to
newspapers and to internet sites you
seem down Scott not at all I'm actually
in a terrific mood I'm in a very good
mood but I've been working most of the
day well most of you have been playing I
have been working late into the night
what program is it it's just plain old
Photoshop plain old Photoshop so the
setup here for those unit coming late is
he the company is walk them that makes
the the big display computer a good new
one the biggest size would be 30 400 or
somewhere between 3,000 and 4,000 and
the lower end of that I think and it can
connect to either Macintosh or Windows
computer and then I just use plain old
Photoshop as my drawing software now
other people use other software for
joining I just have my own personal
preferences
now one of the things that I learned
because I'm very serious about
efficiency is that if I draw with my
right hand and I also use the computer
mouse with my right hand then I've got
to put down the pen all the time or the
stylus so it was and it was also
overusing my hand which I thought would
be bad you know to to be mousing with
the same hand that I draw so I taught
myself to Mouse left-handed so whether
I'm using a actual mouse or trackpad I
trained my left hand to do all the the
mouthing you know whether I'm drawing or
not I just do that all the time if it
feels natural now so it takes a while it
takes I would say a month before you're
okay with it and in two months you don't
know you're doing it left-handed which
is weird because the first time you try
to use your mouse left and it you just
feel like you're you're drunk it's
really hard if you've never used you
your left hand to Mouse the first time
you do it you know this doesn't work but
it takes about two months of doing it a
lot you know just your normal using it
everyday and you actually stop even
thinking about it being your left hand
all you know is that you're mouthing
somebody keeps saying am i a cook I'm
pretty far from a cook although I have
cooked for a living and I've owned
restaurants so I have cooked and I can
cook but it's not really my thing
/ somebody else taught themselves to the
left hand yeah Oh somebody's did the
same thing with a calculator and writing
again it's amazingly efficient you know
without that without that one change of
not having to put down my my pen is
probably 20% more efficient just for
that reason alone I've never had carpal
tunnel but I have had you know problems
with other names with my hands when is
the next course of troll college well I
think that the first course of trouble
troll college seem to hit all the the
nodes what's the best grilled cheese
you've ever had you know real cheese
tends to be not that different one to
the next when was the last time you drew
Dilbert on paper it's been really I I
was thinking about that the other day it
was whenever the the Wacom Cintiq the
device I'm using it's whenever that was
invented or at least marketed I think it
was ten years ago something like that
don't know exactly was troll college
sarcasm well it depends if you wanted to
be a troll I guess as a drum coming I
just got delivery of my new drum set and
so I'm actually probably gonna set that
up tonight with Kristina she's going to
help me
do you have cow tools the sticks with
you it's funny that I know what that
means
so that's like our tools for those of
you who are not into the the weird
trivia of cartooning cowls refers to a
Gary Larson cartoon in which cow rules
was you know the punchline or the
subject I guess and it was unusually
popular so I'm not sure that I have one
that's quite the comparison to that did
you get sucked into the extended drum
warranty I did not what is a good way to
find a great girlfriend I have an answer
to that again going to the gym and a lot
and having a good haircut and dressing
well and being rich all right you know
the obvious things but if you're doing
all you can to look good and you know be
a productive person and all that I
recommend finding something that you can
be good at even if it's because you have
to practice a lot to be good at it and
do it where there are there are women so
find something that you're extra good at
and do it in a in an observable way
because people are we sort of evolved to
look for traits that we want to mate
with them and make babies out of so any
kind of skill or talent or it could even
be Fitness something that would make
somebody go wow I can't do that so
something that you know you're just
extra good at so just find something you
could be good at but this the trick is
you have to be good at it while you're
being observed in some environment in
which there are some women of the type
you might want to meet get good symbols
I did I got the Zildjian
zilch end so that the symbols are pretty
high-end what was the thing that
christina was drawn to you know
Christine and I I don't think anybody
believes that we have you know something
like a a normal traditional relationship
we just we're just compatible in a lot
of different ways there's no magic to it
yeah you know money never hurts being
attractive never hurts you know if you
can pull off either one of those things
you're you're definitely gonna increase
your odds what's the best brand of
cowbell funny you should ask
I literally was I literally spent a part
of today wondering what kind of cowbell
I should buy that's the most random
thing in the world that I was actually
thinking about cowbells yes we need more
cowbell
did you get a gun I did not how does
fentanyl play into Trump's upcoming
negotiations I'll talk about that on one
of my political
periscopes I'll talk about that tomorrow
actually I have no reason to be on here
right now except that I appreciate you
keeping me company while I was bored
doing my work do I have a problem coming
up with ideas for the comic well I saw a
different question going by them
wondering if I'm gonna answer it
everybody's good at something that's
been my experience you know and I'm not
talking about just career-wise but
everybody's everybody's good as
something even if it's just being a good
friend or you know even if you could
just lift heavy objects everybody's good
at something and if other people are
good at something you're not good at it
looks really mysterious and magical
because you say and I can't do that for
example when I watch Christina learn
let's say a new song on the piano and
Alisa is Beethoven watching somebody who
knows how to play the piano break down
like a Beethoven piece and learning the
parts and then putting it all together
into this incredibly complicated thing
how many notes do you have to learn to
play you know any any song on the piano
and much less Beethoven that probably
has a few extra notes for all I know
so when I watch that it looks like magic
to me
because I don't have any of those skills
and even if I worked really hard my mind
isn't quite wired in a way that I would
be able to pull that off because I don't
have that kind of memory I can't
remember six that was a notes in there
in or
I mean I don't know how many notes there
are in a in a Beethoven song what would
you guess like hundreds right hundreds
and hundreds of notes and they have to
be put together in a certain timing in a
certain order so to me that's like magic
that anybody can master that likewise
when people the most common question
that people ask me is how hard is it to
come up with ideas well I was just born
with I think is mostly just being born
with it it could be something about my
upbringing that then improved it and I
think maybe there was but for me coming
up with ideas is not hard but that
doesn't mean you can learn to do it I'd
love to tell you that if you worked a
little harder you could come up with a
commercial-grade
you know humorous idea every day of the
year
which is you know the minimum I have to
do because I do a cartoon of the day but
if I'm reading from writing a book or
doing some other kind of content you
know I'm coming up with multiple
creative ideas every day and I have to
generate a lot now the point was that
happens to be my certain thing that I'm
good at and then plus I've practiced for
decades that being creative and it is
there is a skill to it also so when
you're when you're asking you know how
do you come up with ideas or where do
they come up with or is it hard or
anything around that topic I hate to
tell you it's impossible unless it's
easy is the closest I can come to answer
come up to for an answer for me it's
easy for most people would be impossible
for Christina it's easy to play
Beethoven or at least you know she has
the skills to
to make that work it's probably never
easy but for me it would be impossible
you know I just could never get there so
it's just the thing I I can do do you
worry about the death of print yes I
have I have been sure that newspapers
would stop publishing in five years
every year since well for twenty years
at least so something like 20 to 25
years I have believed that newspapers
have no more than five years left it's
like okay they're definitely not gonna
last another five years and then five
years goes by and they go okay now now
they're definitely not gonna last
another five years and then it goes by
and like okay this time I was wrong
those other two times but now no way it
lasts five years now the truth is that
when newspapers stop it'll probably be
kind of sudden I you know they might all
go on a business the same within you
know two years or something but we're
not there yet
we're not there yet but I don't think
you'll ever see a new newspaper you'll
just see the ones that exist sort of
fade out I suppose or at least move to
the internet what are your plans of
newspapers stop printing well almost
every newspaper has a website so most of
them would not just go on a business
they would just move to fully digital
and Dilbert would also run on their
website in many cases as it already does
and Dilbert also runs on my website so
if people who liked looking at it in
physical newspapers no longer could see
it there is there's a greater chance
that they would hunt it down on Dilbert
calm and then that would be good for me
comics app yeah I could always just put
it down on an app do you get flak from
newspapers for your views No
one of the greatest things about working
or at least having you know my clients
or newspapers or I guess 2,000 of them
or so the great thing about having 2,000
newspapers as your clients is that a lot
of them would have to get mad before it
would make any difference to me
so you know if a dozen newspapers got
angry at me tomorrow that's a dozen that
of 2003 few of them would cancel me at
this point because they would get too
many complaints so Dilbert is Dilbert is
on the short list of content for
newspapers that people actually do
cancel a newspaper when it stops being
there so for example there are people
who buy the newspaper mostly for the
sports or mostly for the horoscopes or
mostly for the crossword puzzles but
there are lots of people who buy comics
or buy newspapers mostly to read the
comics and they usually really like
maybe three comics so if one of them
goes away the editors get a lot of get a
lot of phone calls and angry
[Music]
Dilbert II shoot TV show ever not any
time in the foreseeable future
there was a Dilbert animated TV show we
did two half seasons but it's not on the
horizon well I keep doing it you're
wealthy
well there's it's always good to have
more money and you know there's a
variety of reasons one is that I stay
young by doing things that keep my brain
nimble and I like that the other is at
key
be relevant it keeps me plugged in it's
it's really good brain exercise and I
don't know if I'm built to not work are
you addicted to Dilbert I think I'm
addicted to being me and I've been I've
been this way for thirty years so I've
been doing Dilbert for thirty years I
don't know how to not work anymore The
Cider I I guess I have a little maybe a
psychological barrier to it I can tell
you that there have been many times in
my career where I've said to myself you
know if I could only get my net wealth
if I could only get my net wealth to
this number well then I'll just retire
and they'll travel and all I'll just
every day I'll wake up and it'll be the
best day because I don't have to work
and I'm rich and then I would reach that
number and I would say to myself okay
okay this isn't as much as I thought it
was but when I reached this number I'm
definitely going to quit because when
I've got this much money why would I
work again and then I reach that number
and I don't even feel a little like
quitting so a lot of it is the
psychology of it and maybe I'm
rationalizing for some reasons I don't
even understand
do you enjoy presenting at IT
conferences well I've stopped doing any
public appearances in front of crowds
for security reasons so just isn't safe
to be in for me to be in front of groups
of people who are familiar with my work
it's dangerous to be in the company of
too many people who are familiar with my
work which which is both true and
hilarious
was I influenced by his exact leur I was
not I'm I know he was but I wasn't I
wasn't really a follower or a consumer
of his stuff what's my favorite city and
it depends do you know the Charlie Brown
guy I think you're talking about Charles
Schulz and I did know him I mean I
didn't know him well but I knew him we
were friendly and had some conversations
he passed away what do I think about
Greg Gutfeld I think he's one of the
best things on television you know I've
said this before but my favorite TV show
is the five Sun Fox and what I like
about it is that you get filled in on
the news you know through an opinion
filter and I like that part but the
personalities that they put together at
the table it's the best it's the best
production and the best cast for that
type of content that I've ever seen by
far it's just it's just worlds ahead of
of anything that's in that same genre I
don't know if there's an Emmys or
anything for that category but are there
are there is that an Emmy category it
must be right but it's just a head and
shoulders above the other stuff in
entertainment and usefulness and you
know how quickly it seems to go by it
seems like I turn it on and it's off
already
oops yeah I was rubbing my hands next to
the mic sorry about that yeah Fox
probably can't win an Emmy right did you
cover the Laura boomer story no you know
I haven't some of you may have noticed
that I've been steering clear of the
this person or that person got kicked
off of social media and it's not that
I'm unsympathetic it's that it's a
little bit of a sucker play because the
idea is for people like me to throw in
with people who have said things that I
don't agree with and then then I get
painted with their opinion and then
forever unlike the guy who defended X
and as much as I'm for free speech I
don't want to spend you know a day a
week defending the next person who said
something I don't agree with and I don't
know if she said anything I disagree
with by the way I'm I am intentionally
ignorant of her story because that genre
of topic I just don't want to be the one
who's defending other people's free
speech now if it happened to say one
person once and you know it was a big
story and and somehow it was like a real
free speech issue I'd probably jump in
like everybody else but I it's hard to
defend it so many people I just feel
like that can't be my full-time job
somebody said what about Alex Jones and
it's the same story that I would love to
defend Alex Jones because a number of
people have said this by the way so I'm
gonna say something I think you've heard
lots of people say personally
he's a really nice guy and it's hard to
it's hard to overlook that like it's
hard to see past that but he's like
genuinely a nice guy so but to the
degree that he reports on things that I
would not say I don't want to be in the
position of having to defend free speech
and then it becomes I'm really defending
what he said and yeah yes everybody
understands the difference but it
doesn't really work that way you you
just end up you end up you know thrown
in the same basket with other people and
I just prefer not to there are enough
people talking about those things that
you don't need one more
what about queue
I'm not going to talk about queue
because it just brings out all the
trolls when is Muller wrapping up the
witch hunt you know let me put it this
way all the Muller lawyers including
Muller are working by the hour right I
assume they're all being paid by the
hour and at that level it's probably
$1,000 now or or some big number and if
you're gonna work at all and you've got
this gig do you want to be done you know
everybody talks about the political part
of it but in my experience if somebody's
getting paid $1,000 an hour and their
job is to you know call people and talk
to them if your job is to call people
and talk to them and have you know and
meet with your other lawyers and say hey
Bob are you doing that was the weekend
that was that witness I think you lied
all right have somebody fill out some
paperwork and we'll
do whatever we need to do it just feels
to me that there's something wrong with
the model you know Muller is deeply
incented to never be done to the to the
degree that he wants to keep working and
I wouldn't I don't know if he's doing it
just for the country or it's just like
any anybody else it's a really good job
and he's qualified and everything else
did I see Darren brown on Joe Rogan no
but I flagged that podcast because I do
want to watch it what about a bado AOC
ticket I don't think there's really any
chance that beta will be the candidate
the the Democratic candidate because if
you haven't noticed he is using an adult
white male and while that can work you
know to some degree in a state it's just
I don't know that the the Democrats are
going to come out for him so I don't see
any scenario in which the Democrats
elect a white male
it just wouldn't it just wouldn't make
sense for their brand now I'm not saying
that's good or bad you know you can put
your own judgement on that I'm just
saying it seems unlikely because the
demographics being what they are
we'll just they could just do better
with a candidate who's you know a woman
or has some some ethnic flavor that
makes them interesting and it's time for
how long before we see an openly LGBTQ
candidate for president on the Democrat
side I think it might not be that far
away mmm
and would do well you know imagine if
you will if Rachel Maddow ran for
president let me think about it and now
I I'm surprised that her name hasn't
been floated because as much as
Republicans you know have an aversion to
her for her politics of hers her smarmy
attitude and whatnot there's no denying
that she's super smart super super smart
and very successful and she she plays to
her audience right so imagine if she ran
for president maybe not right away but
you know some future time I think she
might have she would certainly have you
know the political knowledge you would
have the name recognition she would have
all the intelligence she probably would
be super connected
she'd be interesting she'd be
interesting
you know she's great on television if
you have somebody who's great on
television and you know they they check
a lot of boxes they're they're brilliant
successful connected she'd be tough to
beat all right I think I'm going to do
some more work that you don't need to
watch and I will talk to you later