ba-ba-boom ba-ba ba-ba boom boom boom
pop boom boom hey everybody come on in
here we got news breaking it's breaking
all over the place it's so broken I
don't know if we can put it back
together but so I went offline for just
a few hours thinking to myself I'm
thinking to myself hey self it looks
like there's nothing going to happen
Friday afternoon yeah this Cavanaugh
things will just take the vote next week
and then I turn on my phone and it turns
out we have a one-week delay so
president has agreed I think he just
took the the lead of Congress to request
it but is agreed for a one-week delay to
investigate with the FBI the accusations
the credible accusations against judge
Cavanaugh now you're probably wondering
will this be a big deal more a little
deal should we worry about this what's
gonna happen well I'll give you my best
take on this sue as I often say you're a
filter on the world depends on your
experience and a little bit about how
you were born but so if you look at the
the Cavanaugh situation you're saying to
yourself well if you're a woman who's
ever had any run-in with the sexual
abuse which turns out to be just about
every woman you're you're automatically
looking at it through a filter of hey
people who are accused are usually
guilty if you if you were a man who has
been accused if you've been unfairly
accused of anything you might be looking
at it like Cavanaugh is being unfairly
accused so everybody's bringing their
filter to this you know you're a
Democrat you're a woman you're man
Republican whatever you are but the the
other filter that I like to put on this
I got from my corporate days let's call
this the corporate filter now the
corporate filter is really about any
large organization there are things that
are true of a large organization in
terms of their inefficiencies the way
they operate how fast or slow they are
they're sort of common across all large
organizations so the FBI in this case
would be a large organization so I'm
going to apply the corporate filter you
might call it the Dilbert filter to this
situation do you like that name the
Dilbert filter mm-hmm
could be a book someday and here's the
filter I put on the one week delay
number one the Democrats painted
themselves in a corner all right so
there's sort of good news bad news
situation here I'll just spell it out
the bad news for the Democrats is that
they made such a big deal about saying
it's just one week
what's one week you only need one week
and they repeated one week so often that
is sort of hardened in our minds as yeah
these things take one week it's a one
week situation one week so the clever
thing that the Republicans have done and
President Trump and whoever else work
clever thing they've done let me just
tell Christina I'm on a periscope
because she's much more important than
all of you sorry sorry um I'm gonna say
I'll get here in 20 minutes
all right now we're back to you back to
you you have my full attention now so so
the first thing is the Democrats painted
themselves in a corner by saying one
week so often that if the if the
Republicans give them one week
it's gonna be harder for them to say I
don't know that one week wasn't enough
now of course they will say that so
there's a hundred percent chance they'll
say that one week isn't enough we need
more but they did kind of paint
themselves in the corner with that one
week stuff so the president says I'll
give you a week I'll give you a week now
here's the fun part here's the Dilbert
filter on this no organization can do
anything in one week that's it that's
the only filter you need to know nobody
can do anything in a week now they can
move and make phone calls and write
stuff down but they can't really do much
what they can do in a week is going to
look like a few days of interviews and a
few days of writing stuff up in a few
days to travel all right it's gonna be
so little that they can do that they're
basically going to be talking to the
same people they talk to now is there a
risk that they'll find some new thing
about Kavanagh yes the the odds the the
odds of them finding something new were
very high but probably will be easily
dismissed as just just another thing
that somebody's trying to pile on but
here's the other interesting part you
know how people said if Cavanaugh were
really the person he was portrayed to be
then you would see a pattern of it
people who are abusers tend to be
abusers all right and then sure enough
you saw some low credibility accusations
but people aren't quite giving them the
same same amount of weight so it doesn't
really look like there's a pattern but
here's another pattern people who have
false memories and people who accuse
other people of doing bad stuff accuse
other people of doing bad stuff so I
will be very interested to know and this
would be a good question for the FBI to
ask dr. Ford
have you ever accused anybody else of
something that didn't pan out in terms
of a conviction have you ever had a
memory problem have you ever taken any
kind of pharmaceutical or recreational
drug that would cause a memory problem
wouldn't you like to know the answers to
those questions and those are the types
of things that would not be asked you
know in front of Congress but the FBI
would certainly have a perfectly good
reason to ask those questions now given
that we have no witnesses who will say
they were at the scene and saw something
and given that I think it's impossible
that there will be physical evidence
really it's just talking to people and
asking questions and when they talk to
all the people who would be potentially
anti Kavanagh they're gonna say probably
the same thing they said which is we
don't have any memory of anything like
that so that's sort of a dry hole right
every time you talk to somebody if they
say I can't there's no follow-up
question to be had I have no memory of
this that's as far as I can go but when
you're talking about dr. Ford you got a
lot of stuff you can ask because you're
trying to find out a better credibility
so you can expand those questions to
anything she does
or has done that gets to credibility
here's an example one of the accusers
who made the most outrageous claims
about the the gang rapes and stuff
apparently that accusers ex-boyfriend
has come public and said I've got every
had a restraining order against her she
has no credibility whatsoever does dr.
Ford have anyone in her circle a an
ex-patient an ex next boyfriend and ex
anything who believes that she made
something up about them yeah how many
people is she dealt with is there
anybody who would tell a story like a
co-worker imagine the most common thing
you could think of if you've ever worked
in a big organization here's the Dilbert
filter again one of the most common
situations you can think of is your
coworker imagines something that
happened that didn't happen how many of
you have worked in an organization where
your co-workers were absolutely positive
you did something that you didn't do
they're positive you stabbed him in the
back
but you didn't you're positive that they
they were the source of the rumor but
you weren't they're positive you were
trying to undermine them that you you
came in late and lied they're positive
you've done these things but you didn't
so will there be people who say that dr.
Ford has made claims about them that
they know to be untrue now here's the
fun part
suppose dr. Ford has made claims about
other people that were true but they
can't be proven and then you then you
interview that other person you say oh
yeah dr. Ford is a serial accuser she
accused me of you know running over a
dog or something and then you can't
prove it one way or another so maybe she
was actually accurate
maybe her other accusations were
actually absolute
true but if you've got somebody who goes
on record and says yeah she also accused
me of something I didn't do and you
can't tell if you did it or not it
doesn't help her story so I would say
there's a slightly bigger risk to the
accuser than there is to the accused
because the accused so far there's no
physical evidence and no human being who
can put them on the put him in the
situation now will they ask questions
like Brett Kavanaugh yeah you said you
never pass out but somebody can you will
you say under oath that you've never
fallen asleep after having a beer so
they might ask some gotcha questions but
remember judge Kavanaugh it's probably
one of the most qualified people in the
world to avoid those very questions you
know can you think of anybody you would
be more capable of avoiding a trap
question
I can't you probably has just about the
best kind of experience you would want
for somebody to understand what legal
jeopardy looks like what a what a trap
question looks like I like his odds so I
would say that both of them are taking a
risk so the extra the extra week is a
risk for Kavanaugh it's a risk for dr.
Ford if I were to compare those risks it
feels like she has a slightly bigger
risk and the risk that is the biggest is
that there would be something anecdotal
in her situation something she did at
work someone else she accused some some
medicine she was on some mental problem
she had in the past that might have been
perfectly normal and she's already
completely recovered but if you have
enough time you it's pretty easy to draw
a picture of Ford as a person who might
make a false accusation
right now there's nothing in evidence
that would give you any kind of
character insight on the false
accusation memory question all right and
then she might have other connections to
other Democrats and that would that
would work against her as well
garbage somebody says he is guilty and
lies a lot well we don't know but you
see that a lot of people had the same oh
yeah so there's the the yearbook stuff
suppose suppose they say to Cavanaugh
the devil's triangle definitely means
three-way sex that's what I think it
means I've never heard it in another
context the only context I've heard is
three-way sex so did judge Cavanaugh a
lie about the meanings of the things in
his in his yearbook probably probably
did dr. Ford lie when she says she
remembers having exactly one beer that
night probably probably but I'm not sure
we should we should judge too much about
the the small lies because really they
weren't central to the question or
shouldn't have been and they were just
trying to make that stuff go away it's
stuff that kids do all right
her work her yearbook is worse than his
someone says I've heard that but I
haven't seen it yet how does it persuade
the midterms well it depends we'll have
a week to find out and then we'll know
here's a here's a question for you I'm
kind of wondering about the mechanics of
getting to the polling places how many
people drive to
most people right wouldn't you say
probably 80% is that a fair estimate 80%
the drive to vote what about those
families that are split so there what
about the families that have a
Republican dad and you know Hillary
loving mom who drives them to the poll
well if it's like just about every other
family if the man and women are getting
in a car and they're going someplace who
drives if it's just the man and the
woman they're a couple and they're
driving to the polling place which one
of them drives well it could be the one
but who usually drives right who usually
drives everywhere well I just look you
know look in the highway if you're
driving whenever you see a couple who's
driving is it the man or the woman
pretty much it's the it's the guy the
guy is usually driving and you have an
interesting situation where if the men
decided not to drive anybody else just
themselves what would that do to the
election result so I'm not suggesting
this I was just thinking of things which
could affect the midterms and how this
has become this has become sort of a
gender midterm where you know it really
is starting to look like the the
Democratic Party is shaping up as the
party for and about women as the highest
priority and again every time I say this
I'm gonna add to it nothing wrong with
that all right it's a free country
democracy they can organize their party
on along any lines they like it might
even be a good idea it's hard to judge
but it's just a reality that the
Democratic Party is sort of a female
centric party
and and what would happen if the men who
were Trump supporters said this time
I'll just drive myself and you know
there's nothing stopping you from going
separately but you know if it's really
come down to a battle of the genders
maybe man will drive themselves so I'm
not suggesting that's going to happen or
that it should happen it was just a
funny thought I had which is the people
who drive the cars create a lot of
friction by friction I mean anytime
anything gets a little bit harder it
changes so if you made for example if
voting was just a little bit harder for
people from elbonia
that would be measurably less voting as
soon as you make things easier there's
more of it as soon as you make things a
little harder there's less of it so I
can imagine if this becomes more of a
gender against gender issue that how you
get to the pole might enter the
conversation in a in a funny way that
shouldn't so I'm not suggesting that's a
good idea I'm just I just thought it
might get to that
alright I'm just looking at your
comments you equate women with abortion
somebody says not entirely that's a big
part of it though it's a big part of it
in terms of the way the parties are
shaping up and specifically the the
Democrats so I watched some of the
hearing today and I saw Ted Cruz talk
and I thought Ted Cruz was sensational
you know in terms of how well he
presented a case I'll tell you Ted Cruz
was not a perfect candidate yeah you
know maybe he'll be better if he tries
again later he seems to be getting seems
to be getting better all the time but as
a lawyer he was really good and then
following him was Chris Coons the
Democrat and Chris Coons was even a
little bit better I thought he was
magnificent
right so agree agree with me even if you
might have disagreed with them wouldn't
you say that Ted Cruz did a really solid
communication persuasion lawyer job of
you know setting out the situation it
was great but then Coons the Democrat
who was sort of the rebuttal I thought
he was even a little bit better he was
really really good like for a moment
there it didn't last very long
but for a moment I was proud of my
government did you feel that if you
watched it did you have a moment where
you watch Ted Cruz do a really smart
classy job and then the Democrat does a
rebuttal it's polite it's professional
it's smart it's great you know you could
agree with one of them or not the other
but those were two smart people
doing the people's work and for a moment
I watched these two people and I had
respect for my government and it felt
good I liked it made me feel great and
then I tuned back in a little bit later
and I watched Cory Booker and I watched
Cory Booker until all of my hope and
drained out of my body Cory Booker
compared to Chris Coons it's Chris I
think or to Ted Cruz is just not on the
same level
I mean his is he was very passionate and
that part's good you know that will
carry him far he was he was an advocate
for women and to the degree that that
helps him on the Democrat side that was
probably effective but man he is not
good well you know you put him on a
stage with Ted Cruz and and with Coons
and he's just gonna disappear so I would
say that there isn't a slightest chance
you can have president Cory Booker he
just disappears against the you know
that the smarter smarter folks frankly
all right I do think I think Kamala I
think sorry I got a funny meme from
Christina I do think Kamala Harris has
got a she's a much stronger player she's
smarter she's she's got more game in
every way so you know you may not like
her you by now locked her politics she
probably don't but in terms of you know
of persuasion and game and intelligence
she seems to have the whole package
anyway I am going to talk to you all
later bye for now