Joanne you're so fast hey Tyler hey
Jeremy
get in here I think you know what time
it is
hey Finland Finland in the house it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams that's
me you know who you are and if you're
prepared you already have your coffee it
might be a different beverage but I like
coffee join me if you will
grab your stein your glass your cup your
mug your your container of any kind lift
it to your lips and enjoy the
simultaneous sip all right happy
birthday to whoever's birthday that is
hi hi so I've been trying to catch up
with the news I'm a man in town at the
moment I'm up in Utah 8,000 8,000 feet
above sea level it took me a few days to
get over the altitude sickness but I'm
back and as I'm reading all the the
stories and I like to check CNN first it
seems to be it's going to be non-stop
Muller stories Mulder this and Cohen
that and Manafort that and etc and it's
fascinating absolutely fascinating to
watch the two movies develop in one
movie let's say the one that President
Trump is writing and directing Muller's
filing so far show no evidence of any
problematic crimes
and so the president says totally
totally in the clear well he's not wrong
in the sense that I haven't seen
anything that would put him in much
trouble but if you read the CNN version
of the world the separate movie there's
this weird thing happening that from my
perspective and of course I could be
bias and probably probably am certainly
I'm but it seems to me that CNN keeps
finding legal people who will write
nonsense lists of things that are not
crimes and are not going to be a big
problem but if they have enough of them
they can create this story where it
looks like there is so for example yeah
if you read CNN you'll read story after
story today from people who have law
degrees of one kind or another who will
say things like this well the President
or somebody did something that wasn't a
crime but it was very close to one you
could imagine could be illegal if things
were like that were illegal so for
example having conversations about a
project in Russia when you're not
president and you think you probably
won't win and you're keeping your
options over open is not a crime but it
feels like sort of close to something
that if the situation were different and
some of the variables were you know
opposite such as he was president or
there was a quid pro quo something like
that well that would be a crime now
nothing that he did or has been the
president did or has been accused of is
an actual crime then we look at the the
payments for stormy in mcdougal now you
could make an argument that if you use
campaign money to do something like
you've got a some kind of a secret
campaign reporting problem but there was
also a perfectly good reason to do it
for personal reasons in other words just
to keep his family out of the and of the
blowback and if you have a perfectly
good personal reason to do something but
it's also happens to be good for your
campaign
I believe Outlander she which would say
that's not illegal it's something that
feels like it's sort of close to almost
being legal if things were a little bit
different than what they were now you
say to yourself oh sure Scott that's
technically not illegal and if it went
to court there's not much chance that
the president would have any real
jeopardy but if you add that thing
that's not quite illegal - the other
thing about the Russian project which is
also not illegal you're starting to see
a pattern of all these things that are
not illegal but together they mean
something that's a terrible jeopardy for
the president and then of course there's
Manafort crimes which had nothing to do
with collusion or Trump but Manafort
committed real crimes and he was on the
you know yours on the team of the
president for a few months so that's not
exactly a crime of the president but
it's close to it in a way that makes you
reminded of a crime that's almost
illegal if some of the variables were
different than the way we know they are
and you can go right down the line from
Flynn to you know everything else and
there's a lot of stuff but it all has
exactly the same quality well that
definitely would be a problem
if it were a little bit different than
what actually happened so when I read
the CNN stories
honestly they look crazy you're
brilliant discourse is proving the
Special Counsel case pinhead
so there's somebody here who thinks that
what I said is proving the special
counsels case what is the special
counsels case have you heard it
the the special counsels case is that a
whole bunch of people did things that
were maybe illegal in their cases and
they were close to the president but
none of it actually implicates the
president in a crime that would be you
know important in any way so it's it's
fascinating to watch what appears to be
it's hard to tell it's hard to tell if
the people writing these articles are
just political hacks who are just taking
aside and supporting their side you
can't really tell it if it's just that
or they really believe what they're
saying I actually can't tell what and
that's the thing about reading the
opinion pieces on CNN you read them and
you don't really know if that's really
their opinion or if they're just taking
aside and doing the best they can to
advocate for their side it it's really
hard to sort that out
was it Howard Dean who had been Nixon's
lawyer who went to jail for some
Watergate related stuff I think Dean was
saying what's his first name is it John
Dean John Dean was saying that yeah John
Dean sorry I heard Howard is the funny
screeching guy so John Dean the Nixon's
ex lawyer is saying that Congress almost
has to impeach the president at this
point and I'm thinking to myself do they
do they because they kind of have a
choice does it because impeachment is
not a criminal process and there's no
chance that it will prevail in other
words there's there's no real chance
that the Senate is gonna is gonna let
them remove the president so does it
make any sense to say that Congress
really has no choice they've got a
started Pietschmann process I don't
think so because Congress can make
political decisions too they can decide
that it's bad for politics bad for the
country I doubt that one won't matter
and second and and then you also have to
consider that John Dean is first of all
a lawyer and second of all went to jail
how credible is he you know let me tell
you if your lawyer goes to jail you
can't trust that lawyer look at look at
Cohen Cohen's a lawyer looks like he's
gonna go to jail someday if if Cohen
goes on CNN and gives you his legal
opinion what are you gonna think about
it are you gonna say well there's a
credible guy because he's a lawyer and
he went to jail so so CNN is sort of
scraping the bottom of the lawyer barrel
trying to find a lawyer who is willing
to to say something that agrees with
their their narrative all right should
Trump pardoned his children you know if
if it ever came to a point where Trump
needed to pardon anyone and let's say
you could imagine there were several
pardons that he could give if he were to
give pardons you know anybody in his
inner circle or whatever the funniest
way to do that and you're gonna hate
this but just just think about it try to
try to not read
back to your first thought when I give
you this idea yeah you somebody says
pardon for what so here we have to
imagine that somebody is is accused of
an actual crime who was part of Trump
circle that he cares about now it could
be Manafort yeah maybe Manafort okay I
kind of doubt it but but let's say
somebody finds something about a family
member or something and he's going to do
some and he's is going to what's the
word he's going to pardon some people
the funniest thing he could do would be
to pardon Hillary Clinton at the same
time think about it think about if if
the President had to pardon somebody in
his circle and it would be very
unpopular the funniest thing he could do
is pardon Hillary Clinton at the same
time because it would just totally screw
up the criticisms you know it would it
would turn it from I'm just protecting
my you know my criminal friends that's
how people would spin it and it would
turn it into let's get past this phase
let's let's all of us get past it and
get on to the work of the the country it
would be you'll be pretty funny somebody
says yeah but he would not pardon her
come on well I'm saying in the worst
case scenario when he wants if he wanted
to give some pardons and it was going to
be politically dangerous that would be
one way to do it
Nancy riser you should let your husband
shave his head
if that sounds like a random statement
it's because one of the comments asked
me to say that so Nancy you know what to
do now Scott talked about Kelly quitting
yeah you know that the story about Kelly
quitting and really all of the personnel
stories they all have the same quality
which is if you weren't in the room with
those people and you haven't talked to
them personally and you don't know them
personally
you really don't know much about
anything so I see your comment about
doing a periscope on hypnosis I'll talk
about that in a minute so I don't have
much to say about the John Kelly story
except that it has to be a really hard
job and I can't imagine anybody wanting
to do it for a long time yeah there was
a the president did a funny tweet about
dick Blumenthal
who he is now apparently giving him is
forever name as the dick so I think he
just keeps getting funnier anyway I've
been asked to talk about hypnosis in the
context of addictions and using hypnosis
to cure addiction and I will talk about
that right now the bad news is hypnosis
does not work for a curing addiction and
there's a reason for that
that is humorously obvious after you
hear it hypnosis typically only works
for things that you're willing to do the
people who are still smoking still
drinking still doing drugs they want to
do those things
the reason somebody takes a drink if
they're alcoholic or smokes a cigarette
if they're addicted to smoking is
because they want to cigarette and they
want to drink so hypnosis tends to be in
a fair
active for people who don't want to
change or you know don't want to move in
the direction of the hypnosis so where
hypnosis does work is where you have no
you have no mental blocks to it so in
other words if you said I would like you
to be more relaxed when you fly there's
no part of you that wants to be afraid
on a plane and so hypnosis could work
for that but when it comes to quitting
cigarettes or overeating or quitting
opioids all those things all of those
addictions have the same quality that
the reason people can't do it themselves
is because they want those things they
want the food the alcohol the cigarette
they want them they also want to not
have them so they've got that you know
balance there and the wanting to have
him is a little stronger hypnosis is
marginally useful and when I say
marginally what I mean is that the
success rate of hypnosis for curing
addictions whether it's eating or
cigarettes or whatever else is about the
same as any other process so in other
words if you're using hypnosis to quit
smoking or using some other program
that's mental as opposed to physical and
taking a pill about a third of the
people succeed something like that and
the and the reason is that the people
who succeed are the people who have
decided to deceive to succeed the the
main variable in success getting off of
an addiction the variable that matters
the only one that's predictable is how
badly they want it that's it and it's
not even want it's more like deciding
you know when an alcoholic hits bottom
if they hit bottom and they can see that
it's just a horror and and darkness at
the bottom people will sometimes quite
often actually
decide to live and decide that the
addiction they don't want and when that
decision is made they can use any
variety of techniques and they're going
to have better luck than if they had not
made that decision
what addicts want but it is impossible
to have is a change of opinion or a
change of preference and the hypnosis
isn't going to do that for you
so hypnosis can help if you've already
decided to quit and it's a real decision
but if you're just kidding yourself and
you're saying I really like what I'm I
like the drinks of the food or those
cigarettes or anything else if you still
really really like those things hypnosis
isn't going to help you you've got to
start hating those things for hypnosis
to work in other words if you're a
drinker and you hit bottom you can start
to hate the alcohol and then maybe
hypnosis or any other method would work
so I guess my bottom line here is that
hypnosis is not really a path for fixing
addiction it's just one of the many
tools that are likely to work if you've
made the decision to quit does your son
in law I don't have a son in law can
hypnosis create an addict I can can
hypnosis create an addict yes but not so
much in the in the way that you think
you can't turn a non-addictive person
into an addict with hypnosis if they
don't want that to happen and why would
they want that to happen but you could
convince somebody that had a natural
addiction in other words genetically
they have addiction you could convince
them to take a drink if they didn't
think there was any problem with it
so in the in the unique situation where
somebody
didn't mind having a drink or didn't
mind taking in an opioid which I guess
would be more rare situation you could
get people to do something that would
cause them to become addicted but you're
not really hypnotizing them to addiction
you might be persuading them to take a
drink and then maybe they have the genes
for an alcoholism so you get there
indirectly the hypnosis pornographer I
don't remember that was that a story in
the news
yeah hypnosis you can't hypnotize
someone to do something they have a
internal objection to somebody says
things going very badly for Trump in one
movie that's true in another movie that
is not true let me let me test an idea
with you and this is a brand new idea so
it might be bad but I'll run it by you
when the Constitution was created it was
created based on an understanding of the
world being what it was at the time and
of course they could not foresee the
internet and the modern technology that
would come after and so I ask you if the
if the founders who created the
Constitution had the internet would they
have written it the same way would the
Constitution in the United States look
the same if it had been created in an
age of the Internet
my thinking is no that it wouldn't be
because they would take that into
account and let me give you a situation
where that sort of matters when we're
talking about let's say health care
we start with the assumption that if
there are healthcare laws these laws
will apply to every person in the United
States that that's your basic assumption
right
don't you assume that laws apply to all
the citizens now I would argue that that
was the only practical way you could
have laws when the founders wrote the
Constitution it's the only thing that
made sense everybody had to be the law
had to apply to everyone
voluntarily or everyone equally but fast
forward to today so we have the internet
and we have you know all kinds of
digital resources so that we can tell
that you and I are different people and
I can tell what you're doing what you've
agreed to do you can tell what I'm doing
and what I've agreed to do under a lot
of situations under a current situation
we could have two sets of laws for
example some people could opt in to
universal health care they could sign a
document that says I agree to be part of
universal health care in this country
but I also agree that only the people
who have opted in will ever be on the
hook for paying for it so even if it
creates you know more debt only the
people who opted in will ever be
responsible for that portion of the debt
now that's something we could do today
because of computers and databases and
the internet that could not have been
done could not have been contemplated in
the day of the Constitution's you know
development and so I say to you why are
we why are we discussing universal
healthcare versus a more market-based
system and acting as if we have to pick
one because here's the thing we don't
have to pick one we have the technology
and very easily the capability to have
both and the people who like one system
can opt in and the people who don't like
that system came out and we could even
have rule
about you know under what conditions you
can move over to the other side as long
as you can keep track of stuff as long
as you can track things and measure
things and monitor things as long as I
can know what what voter paid how much
in taxes and these are all the things we
can know because of technology we do not
have to decide what the healthcare laws
are for the country we can have two
systems we could have three systems as
long as you have some kind of rules for
how do you how you move from one system
to the other and and what it means to be
in the system what what risks you're
taking for what rewards let me think of
another example you'll love this one
what if we had two sets of laws for a
gun ownership one set of people would
say I choose to make it illegal for me
to own a gun and then they could live in
a world in which they don't have guns
and other people could let's say under
the condition that they're members of
the NRA that's not the best example in
the world but let's just go with that it
could say that if you want to own a gun
you're also on the hook for some types
of problems or taxes or law enforcement
related to that so that people who are
in favor of gun ownership could take on
the extra cost that guns add to the
system so for example there are lots of
gun related crimes we probably have the
capability to assign a budget to how
many crimes are gun related and then the
people who say I would like to be in the
group of people who have guns would be
the only ones who would pay that extra
tax now there's more to guns than just
taxes and money it's about life and
death but the point is you could
bifurcate the system and say the people
who are against guns and they
voluntarily sign
something that says I will never own a
gun would also never be on the hook to
pay for any of the law enforcement or
other costs of gun ownership they should
be exempt from the downside of guns if
they choose not to own them and then the
people who want guns maybe they pay for
the cost of that freedom so that might
not be the best idea but the larger
point is that why do we act as though we
have to have one set of laws for
everyone because we really don't that
that was a historical requirement that
is obsolete because of the Internet
now we can just opt into a program and
live with those rules or not and we can
track all that stuff
somebody said because in pluribus unum
that doesn't mean anything
I mean it's Latin for something but it
doesn't really address the question what
do you think about William bar as
Attorney General don't know anything
about him
I'll let the people who know him weigh
in on that same principle could be
applied to abortion could it the
difference is that abortion is life and
death or at least it is to the people
who are anti-abortion so that was sort
of a special case you know it would be
hard to say that murder would be legal
for people who opted into it yeah
so that would be tough
I was at freedom if you have to pay well
we all we all pay taxes so paying taxes
based on your behaviors is is now
acceptable in normal will trump legalize
marijuana federally before election it
feels like if he hasn't done it already
I don't know what he's waiting for this
seems like Congress needs to handle that
maybe not the president Scott can you
elaborate on why you don't drink yes I
can
alcohol is poison and the more you drink
the unhealthier you will be I do not
believe the studies they say that the
moderate drinkers live longer to me the
odds of that being true are close to
zero what's probably true is that
there's a correlation because if you
said if you say for example you know
your neighbor can have one drink and and
stop well that's probably a neighbor who
does not have an addictive personality
and probably knows how to moderate you
have dangerous behaviors in general and
it just applies to drinking as well so I
think there are too many things to
correlate with somebody who could have
an occasional single drink than to say
the drink itself is what makes them
healthier it's probably somebody who has
the ability to have just one drink
probably has some social life probably
has the you know the ability to not be
addicted they don't have the addiction
gene so if you put all that together I
find it very unlikely that drinking
alcohol in moderation is good for you I
would say that Gaza that are close to
zero but the reason that I originally
stopped drinking was that I developed a
a reaction to it that apparently some
people have it's called a
on something sign it it is sigh tinnitus
anyway so it's like an allergic reaction
in other words it makes your head blow
up with sinus problems and you can't
breathe and stuff but it's not actually
technically an allergic reaction because
alcohol is not alive cannabis kills
brain cells and so you get dumb I
haven't I haven't I haven't noticed that
but maybe I wouldn't notice because I
lost too many brain cells isn't it a
blood thinner and that can be good it
seems unlikely that the negative
elements of alcohol are are
overcompensated by any positives in my
break to me it just seems so unlikely I
can't say it's impossible but it's
unlikely yeah somebody is saying that
these sulfites or what causes the bad
reaction so if I if I eat salad dressing
or anything that as sulfites in it and
alcohol I have sulfites in it I have a
serious allergic type reaction aspirin
is a blood thinner and the you had the
latest studies I'm taking an aspirin
are that it is BS unless you have a
known heart risk and somebody saying
that booze companies pay for the studies
I don't know that to be the case but
that's certainly the thing I would worry
about yeah the baby aspirins apparently
are not healthy or even a good risk
unless you have doctor's orders and you
have a some kind of heart risk
the other thing I learned when I stopped
drinking is that I thought I had how to
put this once I stopped drinking and I
was only a weekend drinker and I didn't
get didn't get too crazy but I felt it
was an important part of my social life
which it was but I realized that a lot
of my friends my social friends were
really just alcoholics and I'm talking
about a lot of them so a lot of the
people that I thought were just a we
like to get together and have a few
drinks I didn't realize that they also
had a few drinks whether I was with them
or not
and that the the social life around
drinking is almost a cover for people
who are functional alcoholics so I would
say that a great deal of my social
friends were social were functional
alcoholics meaning they held jobs and
had families and stuff but they would
they would sort of disguise it with an
active social life so you'd say well of
course they drank every day this week
they had friends over every day this
week and describing me and it hurts
somebody says
yeah somebody else is talking about
quitting drinking I'm pretty sure that
my brain works better now that I don't
drink because even if I just had you
know a couple of martinis on a Saturday
night Sunday wasn't a good day you know
you could you could wake up and you knew
your brain wasn't working as well as it
should
once you stop drinking you realize how
stupid people are when they drink yes it
is very difficult to be around people
drinking now that I don't everything
that seemed fun and playful about it it
doesn't look that same way anymore and
it happens sort of immediately the same
with weed somebody says
all right
how many of you let me ask this how many
of you are addicted to something and
let's say that something is food but
only if you're overweight if you're
addicted to food but you have a good
weight that's not really I wouldn't call
it an addiction yeah what are your
addictions how many of you are addicted
to a drug and alcohol cigarettes food
vaping pretty much everybody right I'm
not entirely sure that people can be non
addicted it feels as if addiction is a
requirement of life and the the best you
can do is get yourself addicted to
something that won't kill you
so I'm addicted to coffee and I'm
addicted to exercise and I'm addicted to
periscopes I'd do it you know I could
give you reasons why I do this I could
tell you you know how it helps my
business and blah blah but this but
primarily the reason I do this is that I
really like it I'm addicted to it I get
something out of it and so I'll make
excuses for why I keep doing it humans
need addiction yeah the way I've said
that is that I call it the pleasure unit
of theory the pleasure unit theory goes
like this
humans need a certain amount of pleasure
or else life isn't worth it if the only
thing you did is avoid pain it wouldn't
be enough to make you want to keep stay
alive
humans need a certain amount of pleasure
to not kill themselves and so if I see
somebody who's like saying poverty or
they've got some deep problems and then
they're also addicted to drugs to me it
looks like a rational choice it's an
unfortunate choice but it's a rational
choice because if your life is terrible
and you have no way to get play
through normal acceptable ways but you
can get pleasure from a drug that might
make you dead in a little while it's
probably rational to do the drug because
if you can't get any happiness from your
life you might as well have a shorter
life and enjoy it while you can so I'm
always have a lot of empathy for anyone
who is addicted to anything because it
means that they're not getting enough
pleasure and they're finding a
destructive way to do it now so if this
theory holds it would also follow that
it would be easier to stay off of any
addictive things if your life was
providing you lots of pleasure so let's
say for example you had a good
relationships and you you enjoy your job
and yeah you've got enough free time
that you you do your hobbies and your
you know your sports or whatever on the
weekends and they're all great you would
be a person who's getting lots of fun
and lots of pleasure and you're lucky
because you're getting them in all these
healthy ways to me it seems that that
person would be advantaged in getting
off an addiction or not getting on one
now of course there's a the genetic
component is probably the biggest
variable and all this but within the
people who have the the addiction gene
it's still easier probably to quit if
you have other good things going for you
they can give you some pleasure
have I ever talked about kratom I
haven't but only because I don't feel
like know enough about it when I try to
read about kratom I see opinions on it
that are so opposite you know oh it's
the best thing ever it's dangerous I
can't sort that out it's hard to tell
what is the truth there what about
stoicism I don't think it works
for most people I think most people need
a certain amount of pleasure in their
life all right does anybody have any
other questions the news is is like
amazingly boring because of all this
molar stuff that doesn't quite mean
anything Joe Rogan said he's using it
he'd be a good source China threatens
Canada with consequences over a rest of
the way executive yeah you could expect
that China will push hard and
everybody's pushing hard on this trade
stuff it's just normal that China would
push back and it's normal that Canada
and the US would push back on their push
back
red flag law I don't know what that laws
will Hillary go to jail no talk about
the uprising in Europe yeah you know I'm
starting to wonder if the only countries
that will do well in the future are the
countries that for whatever reason are
immune to immigration now I realize
that's a provocative thing to say but I
wonder if you were to fast forward let's
say 50 years into the future would the
island countries be the ones doing the
best in other words would Australia New
Zealand Japan look like the the ones
with the best economies and this would
include yeah Switzerland and I know
maybe Hungary some countries that are
hard-ass about immigration but it seems
to me that the countries that are
permissive with immigration especially
if they're permissive about illegal
immigration will eventually get enough
people in the country that will change
the character of the country and
probably not in a way that helps the
economy immediately so that let me put
it this way when we talk about
immigration being good we're usually
talking about a situation in which there
are plenty of jobs unskilled jobs and
there's plenty of space and sort of that
the situation from the early days but
today when the number of unskilled jobs
is limited if you have an unlimited
people coming in and you have also
social services that will that will
support people whether they're working
or not you have a perfect storm
situation in which you're pretty much
committing national suicide if the rate
of immigration goes from
the productive level and which is pretty
large you know I think that developed
countries can absorb a lot of people but
there's some level above which it all
goes to hell
so when you when you see the partisans
saying that immigration is good or
immigration is bad whether you're
talking legal legal or illegal both
sides are liars
so anybody says immigration legal or
illegal is good is the liar and anybody
who says it's bad is a liar because the
truth is it's great up to some level and
then it's bad above that level so you
can't say it's good or bad the question
is how much what's the rate
how much can you absorb without killing
yourself so if you're talking about
immigration being good or bad you're
just a liar so my guess is that Europe
already has enough immigrants that they
have enough political power to make sure
that there will be more immigrants and
that the flow will be fairly fairly
large so you might see for example Great
Britain you might see them do a little
bit better than France but I would say
France and Germany have some some big
challenges in the next 50 years
now I suppose immigration there's
another situation in which you don't
need to choose guess you could have some
of the country being in favor of it but
they would have to pay the cost of it
that probably would be less practical
than the other ideas forget about that
one
hello from Russia it's good to know
Russia's listening to my periscopes I am
NOT colluding yeah I saw some video of
the protesters in France chanting we
want Trump it seems to me that a lot of
trumps policies are the kind that will
look great in retrospect so a lot of
what he's doing is you know unpopular at
the moment but it does feel like in 10
years everybody's gonna say you know
should have done a little bit more of
what he was doing although we want Trump
chanters were in London somebody was
saying okay his tweet on the Paris
climate deal is that something new
let me check the president's tweets for
today do hey let's see what he's up to
leak in James Comey must have set a
record for who lied the most to Congress
and one day leak in James Comey his
Friday testimony was so untruthful this
whole deal is a rigged fraud ended up by
dishonest people who would do anything
so that I could not become president
they are now exposed and then his other
tweet on 245 occasions former FBI
director James Comey told House
investigators he didn't know didn't
recall or couldn't remember things when
asked blah blah these are all boring
molars and things
boring boring boring boring all right
I'm just looking at his tweets and all
right here's the Blumenthal okay here's
the tweet you were asking about about
the Paris Accord so this is Trump's
tweet from 22 hours ago very sad day and
night in Paris maybe it's time to end
the ridiculous and extremely expensive
Paris agreement and return money back to
the people in the form of lower taxes
boy that's a popular thing to say the
u.s. was way ahead of the curve on that
in the only major country where
emissions went down last year it's
pretty good
and then here's dick Blumenthal tweet
watched Danang dick Blumenthal on
television spewing facts almost as
accurate as his bravery in Vietnam quote
parenthetically which he never saw
apparently he lied about some Vietnam
service as the bullets whizzed by
denying Danang dicks head as he was
saving soldiers left and right
he then woke up from his dream screaming
that he lied next time I go to Vietnam I
will ask the dick to travel with me I
don't know how you can how can you just
like a president that calls his enemies
dicks you know
anyway the the people who don't we're
not in on the joke will be horrified if
you work as CNN do you have to go to a
training class to learn to look
horrified by by jokes you know when
you're reading the news do you have to
do it this way and then he said the dick
oh oh you have to learn that face
alright
Trump has not visited a combat zone
Obama did five times you know I don't
really care about that much just don't
care about it yeah I'm sure he has
reasons you know the thing with Trump is
he's so so obviously on the side of the
military that I don't need that to know
that he needs to do too many stunts you
know visiting them isn't going to help
that much
madis asked him not to well we'll never
know what are all the details there
why is Andrew McCarthy you worried about
Trump well there's a difference between
being worried and predicting what's
going to happen it's always okay to be
worried personally I think that Trump is
not in great danger
that that's my take based on what we
know now if we learn something new
later I could revise my opinion but at
the moment I see nothing that the
president should be terribly worried
about but it's still a good thing that
he fights back hard because of the
public perception to find great danger
being removed from office or going to
jail
that would be great danger
conservative federal prosecutor
disagrees well I will change my mind
when Alan Dershowitz changes his mind
and so that that's my bottom line if
Alan Dershowitz says the president is in
great legal trouble because of things we
already know then I'm going to change my
mind pretty quickly
but until he does he's still the best
source on this stuff what do I think
about the chief of staff he is
considering I don't know much about him
you're talking about Nick Ayers you it's
easy to imagine how the president would
like Nick Ayers personally because you
know that from what I read they look
like they would be personalities that
would get along
all right I think I've said enough it's
time to go please enjoy your new day