pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody come on in here today we've
got a very special periscope I'll tell
you about in a minute as soon as we get
some some folks in here let's try to not
talk about Rosie mbar today if we can
today we're going to be talking about
the South Korea primarily we're using
the web interface app and over my left
shoulder is Donovan Loomis who's in
South Korea and has been in South Korea
for about 10 years and is coaching
English to business folks and we're
going to talk to Donovan
about what what the mood is what's
what's the feeling in South Korea here
learn learn and learn what we can on on
the ground and so as soon as we have a
thousand which is going to happen right
about now close enough I would like to
introduce Donovan Loomis in South Korea
right now for the past 10 years and
Donovan say hi yeah so we've got a super
correct connection there is it true that
the Wi-Fi in or just the internet speed
in South Korea is just amazing in the
world
a place so M and more generally would
you say the living in South Korea is a
higher-end experience beyond just the
technology there are people experiencing
a higher quality of life or no and you
pay nothing for the healthcare I was
just before we go too far on medicine I
wanted to ask you what is it what are
the tax rates like so the average taxes
are they more or less than in the US or
[Music]
that's it
so so you're living in a country with
better technology than the u.s. better
healthcare and substantially lower taxes
is that true that's what that's all true
right
yes housing costs are higher okay
there's always something right all right
so let's talk let's say let's talk about
the mood over there I'm sure you you're
interacting especially because your job
you interact with a quite a few South
Koreans and in a casual way what what do
they say about what's going on right now
with North Korea South Korea talking
what's the mood but I think the general
consensus is we're moving to P we're
moving to denuclearization we're moving
to reunification
you know this there's a lot of progress
and people resolve this now do do the
South Koreans believe that North Korea
is serious and genuine about
denuclearizing do they think it's a
trick or do they think now everything
we've seen looks like it's real which
which of those do they generally feel
[Music]
he's not you know there's a little bit
of a negative perspective on what's
going on but then again the Conservative
Party does you know their main role is
kind of be that whole war that goes on
the whole North Korea thing so that's
kind of their perspective on the liberal
side they're very positive
what's happening they truly believe that
reunification will be happening
happening minute generally the overall
mood is this is legitimate we just need
to figure things out you know Trump and
cam just need to sit down talk things
out
I'm seeing a question go by about the
diversity in South Korea is it it is it
is South Korea with the exception of you
and a few you know few foreigners there
who are there not as citizens I assume
is it mostly South Korea is just mostly
South Koreans okay and what is the are
there any prejudices against North
Koreans by the South Koreans now given
that they have very little contact of
course but do they have a negative
feeling about the fact that they may be
open and dealing with a lot of North
Koreans so let me stop you
why can't people get opportunity the
economy is terrific
young people arise
people are trying
but so far no one has really found a
solution for it or really can't explain
why so getting back to how they feel
about I think people have are kind of
concerned about how that's gonna work
out if we're talking about North Korean
refugees from the government they get
quite a bit of assistance and support
but they do face some discrimination in
employment and in general life living in
South Korea Duty is the thought in South
Korea we don't know how any kind of a
deal will turn out but is the thought
that this thing called reunification is
something that could happen in least in
historical terms relatively quickly or
something that might have to be spread
out over a long period to make sure
there's not too much shock to the system
[Music]
are there people in South Korea saying
gosh I can't wait to visit North Korea
either for tourist reasons or just
alright so but but there's mostly sort
of a curiosity travel element to it
right it's but but but people have a
positive feeling about going to visit
[Music]
divorced or separated from you know your
sister nation pretty much by ideology
for a long so there's a lot of people
and uh I think not quite coming back
home but kind of creating a home
together there's this solid show this
kind of very kind of emotional mood
around just kind of like we're back
together somebody just asked an
interesting question that went by the
the two careers have been separated for
so long is there a language difference
to express its unique Korean words or
computer it has some other different
names so there are some language
differences now I've also heard some
speculation that there might be a
substantial height difference that is
developed because of nutritional
differences is that real and do you
think that the South Koreans are going
to have something like just a prejudice
or discrimination problem with the North
Koreans or are they gonna say thank
goodness we're all together again and
and that's the end of it reunification
occurs if South Koreans have to foot the
bill yeah
negative perspectives is they don't have
to fit the bill and they benefit as good
well from you know invested in from the
world then I think you're gonna see
mostly positive interaction now you deal
with mostly business people is that true
workers the rest are college students or
parents of children who attend
international schools would you say that
the business people are showing interest
in maybe investing in North Korea or do
they think or because I worried that
that's just something that the
politicians are talking about and the
business people are like I wouldn't
touch it or they say yeah and all that's
really sorted how we so industries like
construction and transportation stand a
chance to gain but your average business
from my perspective in terms of
reunification is this the first time
that the folks you talk to have ever
thought it could happen in their
lifetime or have they or have they been
teased before not just about
denuclearization but about reunification
now how how unique is that conversation
you know honestly this is the first time
in 10 years that I've heard people talk
about it as if it could be reality
you know the illusion of vacation the
unities has just been floated by so many
times that there's quite a healthy
amount of skepticism but some thing
about the Trump moon kim mix is unlike
anything anybody has ever seen and
probably a lot of the people I've talked
to they kind of attribute this
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to the
immersion of Trump mooning at this kind
of unique that's the perfect question
I'm seeing some the commenters prompting
me to ask that question
so first the South Korean feeling about
president Trump has never been able to
be done so they do they they interpret
this as something he is uniquely
qualified for or do they think it's just
sort of the right time and he's not
breaking anything do they think he's
making it happen or just happen to be
the
[Music]
so remember when Trump walked away in
the whole world was like oh my god
that same day you know I'm talking with
my clients they're like you know that
they said that this is exact words he
wrote the book the art of the deal right
so the the people who have a business
filter on the world saw it for exactly
what it was and people who maybe are
less experienced in negotiating for a
living saw it as a little bit more of a
risk I think that would be here as well
now you you know you've been there for a
long time so you may not I know you're
following a you know American politics
do you follow American politics while
you're over there now over here
the reason I I ask that setup question
is that over here probably you know 50
percent
you know modestly 50% of all the news
about President Trump is one side
accusing him of being a racist does that
does that accusation mean anything in
South Korea or do they just ignore it or
do they say well you know I don't care
if he is or not it doesn't affect us how
do they process that accusation okay so
they're they're not in South Korea
presumably they're not consuming a
non-stop diet of completely different
movie says here so security not getting
wiped off the face of the map you know
healthy trade ployment this is what
matters to us how was the mood when the
when the conversation between Trump and
Kim was more bellicose and they were
insulting each other there was real fear
in South Korea was
and that was I think the only time that
I could feel because your thing for the
last ten years
every month we heard from North Korea
that we're going to be destroyed in a
great lake of fire I would say briefly
during that time there was kind of like
a drought that you didn't mind the the
continuous reminders that you are going
to be destroyed in a lake of fire but
when decisions as soon as they said
dotard things got real now let me ask
you about the the rhetoric so kim
jeong-hoon speaks in a way that we're
used to only seeing from a president
Trump frankly you know it's a style of
over-the-top rhetoric that is common
does his his rhetoric sound I'm talking
about kim jungeun does his rhetoric
sound over-the-top to South Koreans or
is there a style in which that's normal
for released politicians is it normal to
anybody but threats for the last 60
years in the exact same way
nothing has changed it's a cycle it's
beautiful I mean works you know and the
the the North Koreans we presume you
know if if reunification happened would
you expect the average North Korean who
is not a political person to speak with
hyperbole or is it do you think it's
probably just limited to the the Kim's
and how they talked and how they in your
in your normal your short conversation
with North Korean defector I assume that
he's got to be a defector right yeah did
did you say you know the weather looks
warm today and he said I think we're
gonna die in a ball of fire that nothing
like that happening all right so I think
I answered that question
so you see general optimism on but the
people on the right are saying well you
know don't trust them you've you've seen
the actual Korean language statements
coming out of North Korea and what one
of the things that I keep being
concerned about as I think plenty of
people are concerned about is that Kim
has said things like this I totally want
to get rid of my nuclear weapons and
everybody goes yeah and then he adds
sort of an afterthought yeah when the
rest of the world gets rid of nuclear
weapons I'm on I'm on board so in other
words he says and then he takes it away
in the second part of the sentence when
you when you read the actual Korean
language statements from Kim jong-un is
he taking it away in the second part of
the state
where is he saying in very clear
language I do want to get rid of these
and the rest of you don't have to refer
to the world but you know I even have my
my girlfriend Czech news for me to
confirm there has not been that the
whole world but to think about is us has
bases here and some of those bases may
have ships and carry you know Korea also
has nuclear power plants here so this
may be Kim's way of assuring I can't get
into his head that's just my personal
opinion but yeah it refers to the Korea
okay and is there a feeling that
in South Korea - people think that Kim
jong-eun well I guess you answered this
question the people on the right don't
trust them the people on the left are
optimistic what else what else do you
think we should know about the mood
there in South Korea yeah yeah I'm gonna
reinforce what you just said so I've
been saying the same thing
that in the age of the internet the
public is very much part of the process
even if they don't want to be and they
don't think they are because in our
system of government
everybody observing knows that the
leaders are going to be greatly
influenced to the point of having to do
what the majority of the public wants
them to do in other words can't get
elected unless they do so our public
opinion to the extent that we keep up
our bad rhetoric as just citizens who
think we're just talking ah and just
talking to my friend here on the
internet that has to have an impact on
the process and we and we have been and
we observed their President Trump is
leading by by modeling in this in this
case from his normal bellicose language
to hey can we be friends I think this
could work out you know he's completely
modified his own presentation and I've
true I have tweeted that if we're smart
we the public and we want a good result
we should follow the leader in this case
and and and modify just get out of the
who won who lost frame because frankly I
don't see that as being the right frame
here I see two groups who have a bad
situation and have an opportunity for
both of them to come out way ahead the
this this is the biggest win win win win
opportunity that has ever existed since
since I suppose you know Japan decided
to take to accept aid to you know
rebuild after World War two right the
this is potentially for even and people
will hate me for saying this because but
Kim jong-eun has an opportunity to be
one of the most consequential
and important figures in the history of
the planet Earth yeah you know and and
he's well on his way to making that
happen now you can you can judge for
whatever else he has done and that's
separate before this thing we should be
we should for our own benefit for our
own selfish and as well as the good of
the world we should be treating these
like him as heroic you know probably
brave you know future-forward good for
his people probably a terribly hard
thing to do and be on many levels but
there there is something very very
respectful about what's happening right
now
and we should we should be part of the
process and getting important with that
I think so so thank you for saying that
because I think that's an important
message I think you know right away
after you know Trump's letter was made
public you know the North Korean and
South Koreans got together for a ad hoc
second summit and you know I think if
the North Korean government is this
letter sincere and apparently it is
because both parties are hoping to meet
on June 12 I think the second point it
goes back to that negative approach that
a lot of people are taking to North
Korea is I'm going to be I understand
how people can wish for trafficking
children to fail at Singapore and the
lives I got friends just had a baby and
my friend if war breaks out is gonna be
on the front lines you know he is still
young enough to be called back into the
military not just one a lot of my
friends could die thousands of people
could lose their lives and here people
are being Teddy I'm saying
I hope you fail I hope that this blows
back in your face can I cannot
understand hate to justify yeah I would
say my filter on this is that the what
you what appears to us as being hatred
of your President Trump and you know
anything that might be a success is a
form of cognitive dissonance because
there are people who've better
they've bet their entire personality and
reputation on the fact that President
Trump can't do things can't make
anything work so if he makes this work
it's going to be a huge blow to who they
are as a person and I think it's
expressing itself it's expressing itself
in this bizarre way as cognitive
dissonance will do so that what you see
is it seems almost hoping for failure
and war it does look exactly like that
but I think where it's coming from is
not a place of stupidity it's not a
place of evil it's not a place of
wanting anybody to die it's a place of
it's a place of can't integrate who they
know they are with what they're with
what they're observing there's there's
such a disconnect between their
worldview and what they see as obviously
happening in front of their eyes that
they have to redefine it as yeah I've
always been right and you're gonna see
that I was right you know because they
in their view I think we whatever war
bad things are gonna happen anyway so
they're not rooting for them they're
just sort of predicting them based on
their rightness but I totally get how if
you're in the frontline that's you know
you know you're not thinking about oh
your psychology is not working you're
thinking stop saying that you're gonna
get me killed
you know you know you're just not on
you're not on that you're not on the
side of the Angels here and so I think
we all see that
all right I have one more question only
because so many people have asked it in
the comments I was going to it I was
going to ignore this cloud just get your
take so over the United States we have a
large will say emotional investment in
the otto warmbier situation and people
feel like it's this unsettled you know
hard to get past it the situation in
South Korea is even much of a story
[Music]
yeah unspeakable event over here you
know during that time I think it was it
was emotional and some people could kind
of kind of feel sorry for that but that
quickly got replaced by our own sorrows
our own tragedy that we have based over
here people want the North Korean
government judged they want justice they
want some sort of retribution I'm saying
for what has happened to their own
people as well as to people who have
been there I think
that is something that does need to be
taken care of it went in time how you
get there I don't really have a good
answer for that because I know there's a
lot of people who are grieving a lot of
people who are hurt a lot of people who
want to see justice but I think that
justice questions maybe tease Cindy
nuclearization and you know those might
have to happen at different times I'm
not sure let let me ask you a highly
speculative question with the
understanding that none of us can
actually know the answer to this but I
want to get a sense of your just a
general sense what do you think is the
most likely explanation for why otto
warmbier was beaten to essentially to
death
yeah well he was beaten to death do you
believe that Kim jageun is likely to
occur cently made that decision or do
you think it is something that maybe
happened at the local level because all
of their all of their jails are brutal
and stuff happens or do you think it's
part of a system that Kim jong-un didn't
need to tell anybody they just knew oh
it's an American will brutalize this guy
no I know this is a totally unfair
question you can't get in the head of a
dictator etc but if you're just looking
at it from the outside putting sort of a
you know as best you can the Korean
culture on this do you think it was
likely an intentional act from the top
or more likely he was a in a bad
situation where bad things are more
likely to happen to you so let's leave
that as a gas and here's the here's the
caution that I've said before don't let
our emotion about this one tragic
situation that we frankly don't know all
the details of how happened or why
prevent Donovan from from having a happy
life in South Korea and the South
Koreans from so let's keep the big
picture the big picture is as much as we
care about any individual situation
there there's a there's a greater good
here and we need to keep our eye on the
ball
all right so Donovan thank you very much
I'm watching the comments go by you
can't you can't see them from where you
are but they're all very positive in
terms of people who really have enjoyed
this conversation I I've learned a lot
this was totally perfect for me I'll
mention that Donovan is coming in
through the the when hub interface app
that's my startup so I'm actually paying
him I'm sure he would have done this for
free but we're just using the app so
he's actually making when hub the tokens
which we hope to have listed on exchange
so he can cash it out someday soon
[Music]
I couldn't be an expert in a couple of
days I would be an expert again
everything worked just your team I just
really wanna say thank you to you your
team has been very helpful and
supportive and I appreciate that more
about usually early for more detailed
questions about South Korea so if you
don't have the the win hub interface app
you would just go to either the app
stores and download it it's free just
just search for interface by window and
then search in the keyword search for
Korea and if Donovan is on he'll come up
he's got a price in in terms of tokens
if you sign up for the app you get free
tokens so the call is free to the person
calling he'll get tokens which one were
on your exchange he can turn into money
we hope that will be soon and everybody
wins all right I think we've done it I
think we've covered it all right thank
you I'm gonna sign off them first and
then I'm gonna say goodbye to you
everybody I hope this was useful and
I'll talk to you later