bum-bum-bum-bum-bum
hey you're probably wondering what am i
doing talking to you this time of night
well sometimes I just feel inspired and
I got a really fun topic something
something I think you'll find quite
interesting who's calling me bald
prophet I like it I could go with that
bald prophets don't make that a thing
please so I was just watching CNN which
I like to do get get all sides of the of
the world watch a little fox watch a
little CNN and I was watching a Chris
Cuomo's new show
primetime I think it's called and the
first thing I want to say is that Chris
como puts on a good show if if you
separate yourself from you know do you
agree with a guess or you know disagree
or not separate from whether you agree
it was a really well produced well
performed entertaining and useful show
but I saw something that just made made
me go a lot there's something happening
here that you just have to see in real
time and I thought I would narrate it
all right so there's a big kind of
perceptual narrative shift happening a
battle of ideas if you will and I just
want to narrate it while it's happening
okay so remember I told you that when
the president started explaining that he
meant wooden instead of wood and my
first thought was is that really much of
a difference you know it just seems like
if if you knew one of them you probably
knew the other so they they just didn't
seem that different to me
and then in any event they say it seemed
like an unimportant thing compared to
bigger things and so what you're
watching is that first of all CNN and
the let's say the enemy press to
President Trump are using up all their
shelf space talking about the meaning of
words and whether or not this word was
meant and was it appropriate and then
they added the word no because there was
something he said it looked like he said
it in stage voice but it was interpreted
that he said no to the question of
whether Putin was still trying to you
know hack or hack the country with cyber
operations but all of these things have
something in common they're very small
or what I call the weeds so the weeds of
this would be hey he said would did he
mean wouldn't the weeds would be hey you
see insulting our intelligence ease at
the same time he's saying good things
about Putin yes
does the president insult everything
that he doesn't like in other words does
he criticize everything he doesn't like
well yes did he criticized the Intel
agencies and you know that part of the
world before lots of times as he
criticized Putin for for cyber stuff and
meddling yes you know you've seen the
videos of him doing it several times but
when he was standing in front of the
world would next to Putin and trying to
make some kind of an ally and of Russia
he would a 2004
or is that a small story it's kind of a
small story because it's sort of about
how you feel about it you saw a lot of
people saying I am I'm humiliated I'm
you know said to be an American I'm I'm
so embarrassed
is embarrassment a big problem or is it
a small problem is one bad meeting that
literally wasn't the end of the world is
one bad meeting if that's what it was
you know I wasn't there I don't know if
he had a good meeting or a bad meeting
because the lot depends what happened
when they talk privately and a lot
depends on to what happens after that
but if you add a bad meeting is that a
big problem or a small problem now
here's the part that gets interesting
and the reason that I got excited to
want it to tell you about it and it's
the White House's communication strategy
I assume all right so I'm making an
assumption that this is strategic I
understand is Bill shinin just on the
job recently maybe that has something to
do with it but your if you watch the
supporters of the president they're
executing a flawless high ground
maneuver now I've described to most of
you have been following me and reading
my books and stuff what the high ground
maneuver is now the high ground is if
you're in a debate and the other team is
in the weeds and the weeds or all the
things I just discussed would wouldn't
did he say no to her or was he talking
to somebody else wait I feel embarrassed
did you have a bad meeting weeds weeds
weeds weeds weeds and the White House is
taking a higher level of concept which
when you hear it you can actually feel
embarrassed that you were even talking
about the other stuff and using up all
your shelf space I'm saying using shelf
space as it metaphor for the time that
CNN spends talking about stuff so if
they're spending a lot of time in the
weeds they don't have much time left
over it for anything important and maybe
maybe that's the White House's advantage
I don't think that was intentional but
it certainly works to their advantage so
here's what the White House is saying
yes president Trump on paraphrasing yes
President Trump was trying to be
friendly with Putin that was obvious and
the reason is the Putin is central to
fixing things with North Korea D nuclear
isin Iran Israel indirectly the
Palestinians fairly directly actually
Syria
and you know they're just one of the
most important strategic partners you
could ever have if you could have them
as a partner so so here's what made me
laugh when I saw it on Chris Cuomo show
so here's a compliment
to Chris Cuomo it was a really good show
I haven't watched a ton of them but when
I do he does a good job and what I like
the most is that he he represented as
the the devil's advocate side of an
argument Chris himself Cuomo described
quite accurately what the White House's
message was in other words that we need
Russia for these big things
denuclearizing in these various things
now anybody who hears denuclearizing
kind of knows that's more important than
I felt a little embarrassed that day we
had a bad meeting did he say would or
wouldn't wait a minute hey I think he
insulted somebody yeah I want to send it
that way
weeds weeds weeds weeds weeds weeds
weeds nuclear Armageddon that's what the
White House is telling you they're
working on now when you hear that do you
say to yourself no that's a bunch of BS
there that's just a story to distract oh
wait a minute yes in fact Russia is
central and critical to pretty much most
of the denuclearization that is even
possible in the world that is even
possible yes they're important now
here's the interesting thing what do you
not hear as a criticism of Trump about
Russia and usually you hear this in lots
of other contexts you hear this I don't
hear anybody saying you don't have a
strategy right the strategy is pretty
clear be okay with Russia try to get a
good start put a severe penalty and make
it credible that something really really
bad could happen if we go the direction
we been going offer a gigantic carrot
which opens up the entire field for
denuclearization and all the hottest
areas it's a very clear path and here's
the part the the part that I just
realized today actually I don't I don't
know why this wasn't obvious to me
before let's say you have two general
approaches to dealing with Putin one is
the the hard-ass approach that could be
greater sanctions don't talk to them you
know don't don't meet with them you know
the hard-ass version and then there's
the the velvet glove let's say the
velvet glove is like yeah we're not we
don't love a lot of things you've done
even very recently very very recently we
don't like it but look how good it would
be if we would you know play together
and not to be each other's enemy because
there's nothing in that it's just not
profitable right I'm a business person
you're a business person of a different
type of Putin let's do what's profitable
it what's profitable is pretty obvious
in this case and it's not being each
other's enemies so there are two ways to
go hard-ass or the velvet glove and
here's what I realize just today for the
first time if you do them in the order
of being a hard-ass first and it doesn't
work you can't really go the softer
version because if hard didn't work it's
kind of awkward to say all right well we
just kidding about turning off your
lights didn't mean it yes we crashed
your economy but friends friends so you
can't really do it in that order you
can't go hard first and then say well
going hard didn't get us anything they
just made everything worse they were
cyber attacking us like crazy now it's
worse than ever so let's try to be
friends now that's a bad strategy but
look at Trump's strategy he's taking the
the risk management optimized path he's
doing the cheapest most reversible thing
first which is to pull all of your
laundry out there
look you mofo with we don't like any of
the stuff that's happened you know we're
not gonna ignore it it's there but I can
downplay it right you know I can't do
that so he's so he's giving him the
velvet glove first now will that work
well there's a perfectly good I think
reasonable reasonable people could say
no I don't think the velvet glove will
work and you know the reason is reasons
reasons history you don't know Russia
they're gonna just do what's good for
Russia
you know maybe they don't know what's in
their best interest you could make an
argument that being friendly won't work
this time any more than it worked when
we tried it before although I'm not so
sure we've ever tried it I feel like
maybe on the surface we have before
tried to be friends but probably we're
always poking them like crazy
beneath the table so I don't know if
anybody's really tried to stop poking
them under the table I don't know if we
will try that this time either yeah at
the moment we're poking them pretty hard
with the sanctions and I'm sure our
cyber folks are doing their job but the
point is Trump is taking the right risk
management approach he's doing the thing
that you can try first if being nice to
them doesn't work well we're going to
know it pretty quickly right it's sort
of obvious what it looks like when
they're not cooperating if we can tell
that they're trying to hack us all the
time
we'll just look well looks like the
velvet glove didn't work I guess we got
to go with Plan B Plan B is terrible all
right going tough on Russia's sort of
terrible but if it's the only option you
know if the other one doesn't work it's
the only option right so look at what
the White House has presented first of
all the best risk management plan which
is first see what you can get with
cooperation keep your keep your foot on
the
on the gas pedal in terms of the
sanctions until you know what you're
working with here you know make sure
that your threats are credible because
you know we're actually carrying out
some of our threats as we're talking to
them nice so that's a pretty credible
threat you know a very credible threat
is one that you're executing at the
moment you're shaking hands and saying
love to be your friend
that's pretty credible because imagine
what we would do if we weren't friends
which is exactly what Trump said today
all right so uh and getting back to the
Chris Cuomo anecdote you know yeah Chris
had a guest on the guest was an
anti-trump er who was gonna come on some
dried up senator who if you imagined
like a dandelion who's all dried up
since I don't remember who it was some
Congress person just imagine a dried up
dad the line on the split screen and
then there's this Chris Cuomo
good-looking guy and then there was a
dried-up dandelion and the dried up Dan
line was going to say you know how
terrible it was that the Helsinki
meeting didn't go well in his opinion
and what Chris Cuomo did was as I
mentioned just I would say very clearly
and very honestly described the White
House's position of being nice to pin
for these strategic nuclear advantages
and you know that these may be a bigger
priority than some of this other stuff
and he all he did was presented as the
White House's argument and his guests
went into full full like a reboot you
know you what he said after that I don't
have to talk about because it was so
weak it just his argument just fell
apart because Chris presented the White
House's high ground position yeah we're
gonna make a priority here you know an
adult decision to take care of nuclear
Armageddon first there's other stuff we
care about you know we don't care
we don't care about those things you
know less because we're working on
higher priorities there's just some some
stuff that's more important all right
now you'll you'll see the the anti-trump
vers doing the the false equivalency
thing where they say but president Trump
through through the country or the
intelligence agencies under the bus and
praise Putin well that's an
interpretation I would say I think it
would be more fair to say president
Trump insults everyone sometimes whether
it when they're in the room when I say
insults I mean criticizes sometimes
insults but Chris is criticizing is the
point he criticizes everything
absolutely everything I'm pretty sure
he's criticized everybody and everything
when they were worthy of criticism and
so he just did more of it but he did it
at the same time he was standing next to
Putin is that the biggest problem in the
world is that the high ground now it's
sort of in the weeds doesn't really
change much you know I don't think Putin
went back and said haha their press says
that he shouldn't have said that while
he was talking to me I don't know he
told us exactly what we already knew
that the Intel agencies are sometimes
sometimes not reliable people are asking
you to block that guy the some of these
are unblockable so the ones you see that
at the terrible comments there they come
on and I think what they do is they make
the comment and immediately log off so
that when I go to block them it's not
active and I can't I can't block them or
there's something else going on just so
you know so I would if I could
I've tried a number of times they're
unblockable
so watch how many times that the the
critics of the president say something
like how can he compare Trump how can he
compare Putin's credibility to our Intel
he wasn't doing that he was criticizing
something that was not completely
reliable because the you know there's a
chain of custody thing with those
servers it's a legitimate question and
he said it before and he's also
criticized Putin when Putin isn't
standing right next to him
so he's pretty transparent all this
stuff now there was another thing I
heard on also Chris Cuomo show he was
reporting on the fact that at some point
recently and I haven't heard the clip
the president said something like the
biggest enemy of the country is the
press did he actually say something like
that and the reaction was that oh my god
who could say that because the press is
the guardian of our freedom and
everything Wow that's sort of a dated
opinion I think it was true that the
press was the guardian of our freedom
but I think we're a little smarter and
the business models have encouraged
different kinds of behavior so now the
Free Press isn't really guarding the
democracy they're just on a team and
that's both sides right it's not like
one side is not on a team so at this
point given my opinion that people don't
really form their own opinions they just
think they do most of the public's
opinions have been assigned to them by
the press and I'll say that again
because I like saying this people hate
to hear it most people's opinions have
been assigned to them by the press they
don't know it they don't feel like it
but it's you know if you look at any
citizens opinion find me a citizens
opinion that doesn't pretty closely
match one of the you know major sides
the left of the
is promoting people don't have anything
like independent opinions now in that
world where people's opinions are being
assigned to them
the press has insane power you're
watching a press which is very close to
dethroning that's the wrong word
removing from office a sitting president
that's a lot of power if they were to do
that imagine the chaos and what that
could mean for the whole planet so the
statement that the free press is the
biggest enemy of the people is
hyperbolic but the free press is the
biggest risk to the people it's not the
biggest enemy because I don't think they
do I don't think they do anything they
do to be at enemy I don't think that
even the the worst anti-trump errs you
know at least the ones in the press I
don't think they're saying for
themselves I hate this country I'm gonna
I need to do everything I can to
undermine it I don't think it's anything
like that I think that they have a
different sense of what's best for the
world best for the country what is fair
and they're there they're pursuing it in
a dangerously effective way now there's
no law against being effective certainly
in the sense of the press but they are
so effective that they can move the
populations opinion and they can move it
to a good place which I'm sure that they
think that's exactly what they're doing
but the the possibility or the risk that
they don't know what is the best place
to move it could be very dangerous take
a take a look at this Russia situation
if the press had simply said oh it looks
like the president you know didn't have
a great meeting I'm glad he clarified
what he meant they could have reported
it that way and then just move on to the
next story but they didn't now what is
the outcome of the press taking such an
ax
recive clickbait ii you know frame on
what the president did that it's you
know it's virtually evidence of that the
you know they've had the pundits on
saying that's evidence that you know you
can be sure that russia has dirt on on
trumpet and stuff like that
now that's the sort of thing that could
actually rip the republic apart in the
old days i think you could say you know
even if the press went rogue they don't
have so much power that they could you
know and the republic and probably they
didn't have that much power
I don't think Walter Cronkite could have
ended the Republic do you know why
because he didn't have a be testing or
at least not as robustly as we do now
the reason that the the press went from
a benign source of information to holy
crap it's dangerous now it might be a
force for good but it's also a big risky
force because it has so much power and
because they can a be test every message
every headline every story they know
exactly where to head for your amygdala
is that the it's not the part of the
brain I don't know anything about brains
but the part of the brain that just you
know tweaks your emotions and makes you
crazy and they can find that through
technology Walter Cronkite was just
reporting the news the news the press
today is half information half
propaganda and half frankenstein science
the frankenstein science part is that
they know how to reprogram your damned
brain like actually literally so when i
say the press knows how to program your
brain i'm not that's now figurative
language they're actually physically
changing the pathways in your brain and
they have learned how to do it at an
insanely effective level because they
can test every message and then adjust
quickly to the
to whatever works best so if the
president says the free press is the
biggest enemy of the people they're not
enemy by intention I wouldn't believe
that for a second but the level of
danger they pose by being able to
reprogram the public you know within
within 24 hours is very very dangerous
so there's there's certainly something
to worry about there all right I believe
that's all I wanted to talk about today
I'm glad I could get on here and talk
all of you offer trade but the awful
limb awful edge I'm talking you off of
something but here's the the macro
message for some of you joining in late
I have proposed that the White House is
playing what I call the the high ground
maneuver saying that we're playing nice
with Russia to to make sure that we're
good with nuclear proliferation in all
the in all the hot spots in the Middle
East etcetera and that the high ground
maneuver always wins so I've made this
claim in my book win Bigley that in any
conversation where the high ground is
present versus weeds the high ground
wins every time
and what I was watching today on the
news as I was watching the slow turn
there was like this giant battleship of
my god this president as is a treasonous
traitor everything he's doing and didn't
it feel like even 24 hours ago it was
like a battleship that was just couldn't
be turned like oh no something really
Bad's happening here and then suddenly
he did this wood and wooden thing and
all the sudden his enemies instead of
being on a battleship they were lost in
the weeds and they used up all their
shelf space at the same time the White
House was cranking out a high ground
persuasion play which is let's take care
of the nukes first that's our high
priority everybody recognizes that
a better priority if he can get there
simultaneous with doing things in the
best order that they should be done
first you meet you know see what you can
do try to be friendly you have a second
meeting and so the second meeting by the
way oh and I also have told you a number
times so here's the prediction before I
move on the prediction is that the high
ground play will will take this end of
the news because it's just such a
stronger message anyway I think I forgot
what else I was gonna say I'm sure I'll
remember it in the morning oh yeah
there's the the Russian the Russian and
our a spy I don't know if you love the
Russian and our a spy story as much as I
do but I know the story right and so if
you haven't heard her talk so she's a
Russian spy who sounds like Natasha
she's like she's got you know a thick
original Russian accent and she's a
woman with you know and NRA guns and
apparently she was the girlfriend of
some guy who looks like the the huben
model for dilbert's boss and apparently
she's complaining about having to sleep
with this guy
and apparently how she got you know as
much access as she did is that first of
all she's you know young female and
she's in the NRA and she's Russian
she's got that accent and she said that
she wanted to bring some kind of edit
and all right a Russia so that maybe
baby Putin could F an NRA
[Music]
and then and I think and you know I
realize that Russia and the GRU is that
the other their master spies and that
they've got a pretty strong game and
their their cyber department is pretty
awesome and stuff but we've now seen
some of their work allegedly for their
advertisements on Facebook that looks
like something like a high school class
that there wasn't the good class it
wasn't that it wasn't the smart kids who
did use a class project that it was so
amateurish the advertisements on
Facebook but now we see this that
they're sending their best spy into the
NRA now I have to think the NRA would be
a pretty good legitimate Russian target
right so if you're gonna so if you're
gonna try to penetrate the NRA and use
that as leverage for something you're
gonna send your best spy you're not
going to send Natasha bangs alot so now
I think the total outcome of all of this
Russian spy stuff I think the total net
effect is that an ugly guy got just got
to bang this Russian spy for I don't
know your and I'll seek out was NRA
membership I'm not sure who's the winner
here but I think dilbert's boss gets the
checkmark I don't know if anything will
come of it then maybe she actually did
something that was more damage than we
know but but if all that's happened is
what's been reported
Dilbert's Boris's bless you to these
scores
[Laughter]
there's something else somebody asked me
happened was it somebody else asked me
about something here that was funny they
might have you know it's possible that
we may have overestimated Russia
hey it's possible and we have slightly
too much of an opinion about how good
they're cracked spy network yes you know
first of all they can't even kill
somebody in England without making it
obvious who did it it's like you know
did they ever have a conversation where
they're like can you can you at least
try a little bit not to make it look
like it was Putin can you put a little
bit of effort into making their death
look slightly accidental yeah a little
big doubt for perhaps now it still works
just as chillingly because if a you know
yeah hey yeah if a critic of Putin dies
in an accident you know it still sends
the same message to all the other
critics of Putin but d-d-do you have to
do it the only way it's obvious it was
him like it makes me wonder if if Putin
gave the order in sort of a general way
you know don't don't you wonder how that
meeting went it's like you know Putin
has a meeting with his master spies you
guys these dissidents we must kill them
you know take care of it
and then there's that's all he says
right you just got to kill him take care
of it
and then Putin's a you know he's reading
his phone you know a few weeks later and
he's checking the news and he's like
they used what are you freaking kidding
me I said kill them I didn't say kill
them and pin it on me what kind of
master spies are you that's it you've
totally botched it you've totally
botched it
right you were supposed to make this
look like an accident not put my
fingerprints on the corpses that was not
my plan but thank God you know you're
the only incompetent ones I have in my
in my you know in my operation because
I've got some guys in the cyber
operations who can hack things and
influence the elections never get caught
no detect what okay so our cyber guys do
get caught
what okay they get caught every time so
that's actually sort of like you guys
who poisoned and left my fingerprints
all over the crime scene and the cyber
guys left my fingers all over the crime
scene too but don't worry I have an
undercover agent who's going to
penetrate one of the most important
organizations in the United States is
something called the NRA now these are
the gun the gun supporting people and
they're they're very influential in the
Republican Party and in politics in
general and so if we can get our secret
undercover agent in there and start
influencing things you know things are
gonna be looking pretty good in the spy
business pretty good so I'm gonna I'll
just let you guys take care of it can
you take care of that make sure you pick
our best spy and just go penetrate the
NRA and make sure that there's no way
this can be traced back to me all right
right cyber guys the poison guys you
know Crimea huh
I'm just really bad I'm not leaving
clues but will you just this one time
not leave a trail back to me and the spy
chief says all right I got it
I got it we're doing this and then a
year later Putin's reading his phone
reading the news they seem to have
caught somebody with a very thick
Russian accent penetrating the NRA do
you know anything about that oh oh yes
mr. Putin President Putin we sent our
best agent
Natasha bangs alot and we think she is
penetrated we there outer outer
perimeter and what exactly do you mean
by that do you mean she's maybe flipped
a senator as she turned anybody well
turned might be an exaggeration let's
say she's working with somebody who's
slightly almost connected with
Republican politics or used to be but
she's turned him into one of our agents
right well I wouldn't call it turning
him exactly well what exactly did she do
to him well this is awkward
she she slept with him like a thousand
times and then she flipped him it was
more like he flipped her shut up shut up
I don't want to hear this you're
disgusting
I don't need the details you're fired
so it's possible that Putin has a crack
team of master spies from top to bottom
and they're doing great things for
Russia
but I don't think they're sending their
best as you know what I mean
and I think you do a crack team I never
talked about hating success I forget the
context of that maybe a lot but remind
me in the morning
all right I'm going to sign off for now
I just had to join you for that and I
will talk to you later