boom-boom-boom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom Bob hey everybody come on in gather
round
we still have empty seats up front Tyler
and Beth come on in good to see you guys
and gals and we got lots to talk about
oh yes we do
but can we talk before we enjoy the
simultaneous if I don't think so I think
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
that's me grab your cup your mug you
were jealous you're Stein your tankard
your thermos fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the simultaneous simple so the news is
is funny news again today I like it when
there's lots of news and it's all the
funny stuff you know there's there's no
terrible tragedies going on that's a fun
day so john brennan tweeted the other
day that sure he accepts he says the
country should accept that there was no
collusion found by the Muller report but
there's still this question of a of
obstructing justice
still the obstructing justice question
so I retweeted that with my question can
you obstruct a hoax is it illegal to
obstruct a hoax now the people who know
more than I do the lawyers said to me it
absolutely is even if you are not guilty
of the crime if you actively do
something to to block the investigation
of the crime you did not commit
you could still be guilty of obstructing
justice now what I heard that I applied
immediately
I applied the dershowitz rule if you
don't know the dershowitz rule it goes
like this don't believe anything you
hear in the news about the law until you
hear alan dershowitz opinion because for
whatever reason he's literally the only
TV lawyer who's even trying and when I
say he's the only TV laureate lawyer
who's even trying I mean that all of the
other TV lawyers are so obviously in the
bag for one side or the other that
they're just advocates so you can't
really take the advocates seriously they
could be they could be right I mean I'm
not saying an advocate is always wrong
but you can't tell that's the thing if
they're in advocate mode which all of
the other lawyers are you can't tell if
they're selling you something or if it's
true you just can't tell but when
Gershowitz talks since he has such a
clear track record of taking whichever
side the law is on so he'll side with
the Democrats if the laws on their side
he'll side with the Republicans but if
the law is on their side he's the only
person who's credible was a TV lawyer so
I saw him talking about it and he said
the following he confirmed that you can
be found guilty of obstruction of
justice even if the underlying crime
didn't happen and you knew it didn't
happen but and here's the but part he
points out that you would rarely be
convicted for that that it's it's
technically against the law but the odds
of being of being convicted for
obstructing justice that actually wasn't
justice at all because you were innocent
sure the justice system still has to
check I understand that they have to do
their work but he said rarely rarely
prosecuted or maybe it was rarely
convicted it was one of those two things
but they they end up being similar now
askew
in this situation the specific situation
with President Trump if he had tried to
obstruct oh and by the way as Dershowitz
also points out it can never be
obstruction of justice for simply the
president doing his job so his job
description gives him certain powers and
if all he's doing is exercising his
power within the Constitution that that
can't be obstruction according to der
Sherman's now so the president firing
Comey for example is just part of the
president's job he hires and fires so
that alone probably could never be a
question of obstruction of justice
according to dish ones and I imagine he
has the better opinion on this but
beyond that beyond that let me ask you
this is this simply a case of the
president being accused of obstructing
something like justice or a justice
process is that all that's happening
here no this is a special case of this
and this is why I'm curious about it the
special cases that the hoax was
perpetrated by the very people who were
investigating it that's not your normal
situation your normal situation is that
the the justice system is just doing
their job and it happens that you're not
guilty there's no there's no there's no
precedent for the hoaxers the people who
made up the hoax to be the very group
that is investigating the hoax if you
tell me that a jury is going to find
anybody guilty for investigating a hoax
that the person who obstructs is the
boss of the people who are doing the
hoax that's that's important he's the
boss of the people doing the hoax
he knows it's a hoax because he's the
one who knows what he did nobody else
knew but the president knows exactly
what he did or did
do so so the president isn't wondering
if it's true he do at least in terms of
his own involvement and but given that
the people investigating were the bad
guys you can't tell me that any jury in
the world would find a boss guilty for
firing somebody who is perpetrating a
hoax against the boss you know and I get
that there's the obstruction of justice
element that doesn't apply to just being
a boss but in this specific case there
isn't the slightest chance that this
could be illegal in a way that he could
actually be convicted now I don't know
if there's some automatic stuff where
you have to go through indictments or
whatever yeah if the if the evidence had
been strong enough you know maybe
there's some automatic you got a you got
to go through the legal process but
realistically realistically do you think
you could find 12 citizens who would say
yeah he knew it was a hoax by the way
all he was doing was his job firing
hiring and firing and the people doing
the investigation were running the hoax
under those conditions no jury can find
that guilty none none so any thought
that the obstruction of justice charge
is first of all possible as a risk is
like zero and secondly that well it's
just ridiculous so I wouldn't worry
about let's talk about who's running the
world I've said two things that people
take as contradictory and I thought I
would clear them up one thing I've said
is that our opinions are assigned to us
by the media in other words if you run
into somebody at a cocktail party you
have a couple of drinks and he makes the
terrible terrible mistake of talking
politics something you probably should
never do in public anymore
it's just bad it's just bad especially
in a work context don't talk politics
it's bad for your career but if you did
give in this conversation what do you
think the two of you would be talking
about here's what here's what you should
watch for the two of you will be talking
about what you saw on TV meaning what
the people on TV are talking about think
about all the things that happen every
day and are happening in politics in the
country this this gigantic you know
basket of things that happens every day
but what would you be talking about at
your cocktail party you would be talking
about today's headlines in this little
corner of this little bit of all the
things that happened would it be true
that that little bit you're talking
about
is the important stuff not a chance not
a chance because it's just a little part
of all this big ball it just happens to
be the fun part it's there's a rumor
there's there's a sex scandal it's the
most unimportant part and you'll see
you'll think to yourself my god this is
the most important thing happening
because the news industry convinced you
it was it's all they're talking about if
you turn on the news and all they're
talking about is the steel dossier for
example you think the steel Doce is the
most important news in the world and
when you go to your party and you're
talking to your friend you're talking
about the steel dossier now in that case
it actually probably was pretty
important but the point is nobody really
has opinions that don't match the news
and that's not an accident you could do
the following experiment let's say you
took a bunch of people who had been
following the news and then you ask them
what's important and then you would
write it down and you would find that
what they said was important it was very
close to what the news says is important
by how much they cover it then do a
second experiment where there are people
who have never watched the news and you
just give them all the information
straight with no opinion
it's just straight reporting somebody
said this as far as we know somebody did
this no opinions on it
what would the the control group who had
not been influenced say about the news
if they had been presented it's just
straight with no opinion you would not
look anything like what the group who
watches the news and thinks it would be
a complete disconnect in fact let me
give you let me give you my classic
example you remember that the news has
been illegitimately promoting the hoax
that the president called the racists in
Charlottesville fine people now if you
look at the transcript you can see that
he specifically excluded them in plain
words without prompting so it was always
fake news but it was widely reported now
if you ask anybody in the country did
the did the president call the racists
fine people probably 85% are gonna say
yeah I heard it with my own ears 85% of
the left the people on the right never
took it in that context because it
wasn't meant in that context in other
words they understood that he was
talking about the non racist now suppose
that story had been reported without any
spin and all and the person in the
control group simply heard the
president's speech and the president
said there were that there were fine
people on both sides and then you saw
the president continue on and say I'm
not talking about the neo-nazis and the
white supremacists
they should be condemned totally what
would the control group think happened
nothing that they wouldn't even know
that any news had happened because what
they would have heard is something that
is obvious and they agree with it they
would have heard that there were some
good people there and some bad people
there and they would have thought
nothing of it then it was said how some
people were bad some people were good
you that would be the end of it you
would have no thought beyond that except
that there were some bad people there
and some good people that's it you would
not take that to the next level unless
the pundits had led you there so the the
thing they say is they'll say but then
they were marching how could there be
good people there if they were marching
with neo-nazis how could anybody be a
good person and also marching with
neo-nazis but that didn't happen
there's no reporting that that happened
and indeed it turns out by weird
coincidence I don't know if I've told
you this yet but weirdly I've actually
encountered two people who were at the
Charlottesville event who dislike the
racists as much as the rest of you do
and were there for the historical
monument preservation reasons so I
actually personally know two people and
and were they marching with the racists
no they weren't that they were just a
different part of that very large area
and they watched it or they guy think at
least one of them got there late and
didn't even see it now the argument for
the historical preservation person was
it's sort of like Isis taking down
statues when they conquer territory
it's not it's not a question of whether
you agree or disagree with the statue
but it has some historical significance
now I disagree with that I think they're
offensive and should be taken down but
it's a reasonable opinion now so the
point is on Charles Vil if it just been
reported as fact nobody would have even
thought it was a story at all and you
see that with lots of other stuff so my
point being that people do not have
independent opinions on politics they
get it from their news source now I've
also said provocatively there were a
weird period of time in which because of
social media a good idea can bubble up
from just a person
just person on the internet simply has a
good idea puts it in a post puts it in a
you know a tweet or a post and other
people say hey that's a good idea mate
forwarded so we're in this weird place
where a good idea can change the world
and it doesn't have to come from Thomas
Edison whose job it is to come up with
good ideas it could just be you were
sitting on Twitter and you're thought
huh this would be a good idea bmep beep
and suddenly you change the world now
has to be a good idea we may have seen
something like that happened in the very
last few weeks specifically my favorite
nuclear expert mark Schneider has been
working you know I've talked to him a
bunch and he's been tweeting a lot and
doing some periscopes to try to educate
the public on the fact that the
generation four types of nuclear
technologies solves the problems of the
bad nuclear technologies the past in
other words they don't melt down they're
easier to make etc and and we've done a
lot of talked about you know both I and
Mark about the the need for the u.s. to
get serious about trying to figure out
how to test and iterate these designs
until the US have a solution for a
climate change if climate change is
really a problem and even if it's not
it's still exactly the same thing you'd
want to do and and Bill Gates is on
board with that as I tweeted recently so
did Mark Snyder just save the world now
probably there were other people
thinking along these lines and maybe the
it's possible that the administration
was going to do whatever it did just let
us out it's possible but I can tell you
that there are senators and
congressional representatives who follow
my account and they would have seen
probably for the first time as most of
you did well just make the assumption
that
people in Congress are regular people
and their blind spots in the world might
be kind of similar to the rest of the
public how many people in Congress
understood generation four nuclear power
to be an obvious path and really the
only path how many of them knew that or
a year ago do you think do you think a
year ago the people in Congress
understood that the new kind of nuclear
technology doesn't have the risk of the
old stuff and it's just the obvious
thing to do probably bad but there are a
lot of people in the White House a lot
of people in Congress a lot of people in
media a lot of people follow this
periscope so because mark has knowledge
and good ideas about nuclear potential
because the internet exists and because
I like those ideas and I boosted them
and by the way I'll be talking to mark
on periscope again on Tuesday I think
next week and it's entirely possible
that mark was an important part of the
process of information flow to get
people in the government to say I didn't
really understand this and now they do
so I think it's compatible the fact that
that we get our opinions from the news
but the news wasn't really giving us an
opinion on nuclear was it I don't
remember the news doing a lot of
specials on nuclear potential or
anything it was just sort of this this
big empty spot so because it was a big
empty spot it allowed a knowledgeable
person who had good intentions to enter
it and make potentially a world-changing
I mean a really fundamentally
world-changing difference now we'll
never know how much influence any one
person had on this but I at least put
out the possibility that one person has
created a chain of events that will
change the world
and one of the most
positive ways the world has ever changed
you know since the moment we realize
they're washing our hands was good for
health yeah I mean it's that big of a
potential difference and I'll give you
links to mark if not today then at least
on Tuesday on Tuesday I'm also I'm sorry
on Wednesday next week I want to give
you a heads up I'm gonna do a another
8020 periscope if you don't know what
that is
it's where I spend 20 minutes teaching
you 80% of what you need to know about
some topic the topic will be how to be a
writer so I'm gonna do a special
periscope 20 minutes 20 minutes long to
tell you 80% of what you need to become
a professional published writer I'll
teach you the basics very quickly I've
had to write well and then I'll then
I'll tell you the the the things you
need to know to actually get published
and how to work your way up to get
attention you know so you'll learn all
that on Wednesday I'm not sure when I'll
do it on Wednesday but it'll be recorded
so you could play it back anytime you
want there would be no need there would
be no need to see it live it would
actually be better recorded because you
can start it where you want and fast
word if you need to ascend so that's why
is it here's an interesting thought do
you know when when we talk about Biden
being the leading candidate or at least
he was I guess he lost his place to
Bernie now because the latest news but
we often talk about the advantage of all
of his experience and now what I would
like to propose the following thought
that in 2019 well let's just say from
I'll expand that time for for a long
time now it has been an advantage to not
have experience when running for
president if you look at if you look at
Obama one of the things he had working
for
is the very thing that people thought
was working against him what people
thought was working against Obama as
they he did not have a legislative
record he just hadn't done much before
becoming president turns out that's the
very best place to be because if you
haven't done much there's there's not
much to criticize now if you look at
Biden's record it's just so long that
you can absolutely always go back to an
earlier time when whatever he was saying
or doing or whatever his policy
preferences were were at a whack with
modern days so basically anybody who's
got a long history and you can dig into
that history it's accessible to us is
going to get the Cavanaugh treatment
you're just gonna make up stuff they're
gonna find things you did that you would
never think were good ideas today and
they're gonna act like you would think
it is a good idea today so I would say
the Biden is the weakest candidate even
though he's falling at the top he's the
weakest candidate to run against Trump
because it's such a target-rich
environment now compare that to Beto
let's attack betos past decisions what
are they I have no idea I have no idea
what better was done before
probably nothing so I would argue that
when we talked about you know Beto not
having experience we're seeing it upside
down his lack of experience is what
makes him Obama like also his lack of
experience is what makes him Trump like
the fact that so Trump was the the
continuation of this trend whereas
easier to get elected if you haven't
done a lot in politics because
everything you did in politics is going
to be targets so if we take that filter
Bernie the interesting thing about
Bernie is that he's been vetted because
he ran before so we kind of think we
know all the bad news
about birdie there's not much else to
come out so if Bernie were younger he
would be really dangerous in terms of a
candidate against Trump but I tweeted
this morning the if you haven't seen it
the photo well I'll call it up in my
phone just in case that he hasn't seen
it so most of you saw the photo of
Bernie with his head injury he he did
his head on a shower door I guess and
he's a trooper and I'll give him credit
for this so he just you know went right
out and he was campaigning and stuff but
the problem Bernie is it created a a
file photo of Bernie with a head injury
and now I'm watching Fox News
hilariously pair his head injury so
let's see if I can lighten this up a
little bit so you can see it better so
Fox News is hilariously comparing his
head injury or put or juxtaposing it so
here's the head injury and then they put
it next to his crazy ass socialist
opinions so there they are hilariously
matching pictures of him with a head
injury with his socialist opinions which
they would think are well the sort of
thing you might do if you had a head
injury so now that the the worst part of
the head injury aside from the fact that
it's so perfectly fits the the narrative
that his policies are crazy is that it
makes him look old and feeble right if
you if you hurt yourself
on the shower door and you're 25 nobody
thinks anything of it they just think
the ground was slippery people have
accidents wouldn't mean anything but if
you if you slip and hurt yourself that
badly
at his age your mind immediately goes to
I don't know if he's going to make it so
the whole term yeah is it you it feels
doddering next if you do hurt yourself
and you have a head injury don't put a
gigantic bandage on it and go out and
public
where people can take pictures of it
before you run for president not a good
look
so I don't think Bernie has a chance
because he looks I hate to say this
because I respect him a lot I have a lot
of respect for Sanders accomplishment
how he's how he's changed the topic how
far he got against Hillary the fact you
know the fact that he didn't make as big
a deal about it as he could have after
he got screwed by Hilary's team there's
a whole lot to like about Burton right
there's a lot to like about him but
unfortunately his time came and went and
I think he missed his window so he would
be a week a week competitor against
Trump so I would expect that Kamala
Harris will end up rising through the
ranks as the as the white men get picked
off by the rest of the party because
there are plenty of people want to pick
off the white men you know the Bernie
the Biden the Beto the three B's because
they're they don't really represent what
the party represents anymore
but I don't know that there's anybody in
the Democratic Party who's gunning for a
Kamala Harris like yeah I don't know
that there's any natural part of the
Democrats who say we can never have a
person of color a woman who's been a
senator for our candidate the that
person doesn't exist so I think Carlos
still has a straight line to the
nomination it just doesn't look like it
at the moment
but when the Democrats get done taking
out the white males it'll become law all
right that's my prediction
so are you watching all the big news
about the military action and the best
between Hamas and Israel what you're not
watching the news about Israel and Hamas
and the demonstrations and
the attacks neither I buy and that's my
point
have you ever seen less news about
military action against Hamas what's it
mean I'll tell you what it means
it means the world has given up on Hamas
it means that even the other Arab
countries they don't give a flying like
a bell Hamas they don't seem to have any
support and so I think that's the news
so again this is you know the real news
is the stuff that's not in news like the
fact that's not in the news makes it
news and that is that I believe all
empathy is gone there seems to be almost
a universal global disinterest in a
mosque so I think Israel's and I would
go further and say the Israel's security
depends on having a legitimate military
enemy wouldn't you say because the do it
let's do a thought experiment let's say
that every every enemy of Israel put
down their weapons held hands and said
we're done with all military action we
would like to live in peace with with
the nation of Israel so you know we just
want to be good neighbors we'd like to
some of us would like to be able to go
back to live there again with no problem
we just like to live in peace what that
work for Israel well in the short run it
might you know well let's say somebody
says they're lying but let's say they're
not let's say you know just this is just
a mental experiment I'm not saying this
is possible I'm just saying what what if
they did what if they did well it would
be very hard for Israel to stay a Jewish
state wouldn't it because the natural
demographics the natural immigration
just the natural flow of things would
eventually create
a non-jewish majority over time which
would essentially change the nature of
Israel to the point where wouldn't make
sense so the at least it wouldn't make
sense the way it's currently structured
so I ask you this isn't the best-case
scenario to have an enemy that is weak
that's their best-case scenario
so having Hamas do things that even the
rest of the world says that don't do
that and then having Israel push back
with you know something like force
that's in at least the neighborhood of
the force that was used against them is
probably their ideal situation because
how hard is it for Israel to keep the
Golan Heights given that it has a
legitimate you know security concern
it's easy as long as there's some kind
of a legitimate threat against Israel
they can increase their territory they
can you know stay strong they can stay a
Jewish state
so Hamas is sort of doing exactly what
Israel needs them to do I don't know if
anybody thinks of it that way but if you
imagine what would happen if there if
there were no resistance well I'm not
sure that it would Israel would remain a
Jewish state 40 years from now so that's
just a mental experiment by the way just
just to be perfectly clear I support
countries doing what they need to for
their national interests Israel does a
really good job of pursuing their
national interests and I never have a
problem with that if it's if it's a
legitimate national interest I would do
wouldn't matter who it was Israel or
anybody else I think you have to expect
that that's that's a reasonable thing to
do for every country including ours I
would like to quote one of the funnier
things I saw
Twitter today and I don't know if this
is an original joke but Charlie Redmond
tweeted it at me and he said he was
talking about Bernie Sanders and so this
was his tweet about Bernie Sanders he
said never trust a man who combs his
hair with the balloon it's pretty good
isn't it Sanders combs his hair with a
balloon you could totally see that all
right
in our in our excitement about the the
Muller investigation I found that I and
apparently a number of other people had
forgotten how the Russia investigation
started because it's widely believed
that the the steel dossier was the
beginning of the Russian investigation
and then I'm hearing other people saying
no no you fool
the rest ahead and get investigation
into interference with the election
started well before the steel dossier so
I thought I can't remember how all this
started so I asked the question somebody
tweeted me a link to Wikipedia and let's
say Wikipedia has the accurate
information so does anybody remember I
so I'm looking at your comments the most
important thing in the news but do any
of you remember how it started
no I I haven't seen anybody have the
right answer yet
now wasn't the Papadopoulos thing I
think the Papadopoulos thing followed
wasn't Carter page so it wasn't
Papadopoulos and it wasn't Carter page
say now look at me isn't this
interesting that most of the people in
the country are watching the news and
the most important thing in the news
wasn't McCain wasn't Flynn
that wasn't Hillary emails it wasn't any
that wasn't the dossier uh-huh somebody
has the right answer I guess you
probably went to Wikipedia and looked it
up the answer is James clapper let me
read to you
and now look at this through the filter
of what we now know all right
now we didn't know what we know now when
this news was first reported so you have
to put a different filter on it
basically what we now know here's from
the quote from Wikipedia in January 2017
wait that can't be true yeah okay looks
like I got the wrong part so I guess I
still don't know how it started I still
don't know how it started because the
Wikipedia entry is so confusing I
thought I thought I had captured the
paragraph that explained it but when I
read it its 2017 so that can't be right
so I think I have to
IIIi just have to stop stop in my tracks
because I just did this whole set up
where I was gonna tell you you don't
know how this started and then I was
going to tell you how it started and
then I read it again and I realized I
had a date that doesn't make sense so I
literally still don't know how it
started I just read up on it I read up
on it just now and I still don't know
how it started does anybody know how it
started all right but look but I was
trying to pivot to this point we have
taken it on faith that the Russians
haven't interfered with the election and
the evidence for that is not the Trump
involvement because that that was all
cleared so there was no collusion but
there is solid evidence we are told of
the following the Russian troll farm
made ads that that were trying to sell
division they had fake accounts that
tried to create some racial divisions
and they what was the other thing they
did oh they they hacked Podesta's
dnc email alright so those are the those
are the solid evidence that Russia
influenced our elections well let's look
at those pieces of evidence number one
if you saw the actual ads created by the
troll farm you would think that they
were made by high school kids and their
total impact compared to the whole
election completely belies the story is
that the right word belies it makes a it
it gains a is the stuff I've been
learning some vocabulary words lately
I'll try not to use them in public but
the fact if you actually look at the
actual ads it's completely obvious that
this was not a sophisticated spy
operation it looked just just looks like
some high schoolers made some memes that
had no talent and then whatsoever and
they tweeted them out and some people
retweeted them that's it now if that's
the best that Russia can do what would
be the smallest thing they could do that
we would still say is interfering at our
election let me give you an example if
one day Putin was visiting with his
family and his twelve year old nephew
said uncle Putin do you mind if I make
some memes against Hillary Clinton and
Putin looking at his twelve-year-old
says sure go ahead
make some memes against Hillary Clinton
I don't care and then his
twelve-year-old makes the memes and they
get retweeted a hundred times would you
say that Russia had interfered with our
election well apparently you would
because they literally Putin gave the
order to a twelve year old the twelve
year old made one meme it got a hundred
retweets that's interference now you say
to yourself scouts out snot yeah you're
you're giving me this stupid trivial
example which is so unlike what really
happened I don't even need to think of
because the real thing happened let's
just talk about the real thing
well the real thing was a lot closer to
the 12 year old with one meme because it
was so weak than it was to anything else
so the point is yeah maybe they
interfered but apparently and then the
conclusion is that they interfered to
get to trump elected but they also
interfered to cause to sow discord so
they were just sort of sowing some
discord and stuff like it wasn't even
focused so it was a tiny little effort
very poorly done and not even really
focused because some of them were anti
Clinton it doesn't really make sense but
I don't doubt that it happened I just
doubt that it was a Putin plan because
it was so weak that either Russia is way
weaker than we think they are that they
don't even have any real hackers I don't
know then the other thing that we we
know to be true so this is known facts
reported by all media that Russia was
behind the hacks of the DNC server how
do we know that because our intelligence
people told us who were the intelligence
people who told us that doesn't matter
do you trust any of them our only
information that that Russia act us
comes through the very organizations
that have no credibility do you remember
when we heard that 17 organizations
agreed and then later and I think I
might have been the first person to tell
you there's that isn't a thing if you
hear this 17 organizations agree you
don't even know that you don't need to
know the details to know that's not true
why if you have any experience with big
organizations you know that they didn't
duplicate the work there were not 17
organizations doing independent research
and coming up to the same conclusion
that doesn't happen anywhere
that's not even a thing it was obvious
from the first time I heard 17
organizations agree that likely a few
people did some work and said what do
you think of my work and the other
organization said well you're the FBI or
you're the CIA or wherever you are
why wouldn't we agree of course we agree
and then it turns out that it was
Brennan who had hand-picked people from
four organizations so it was never 17
that was a lie it was more like four but
those four people were hand-picked by
one person if one person hand-picked
four people is it really for people's
opinion or is it the person who picked
them who knew who to pick well it's kind
of down to one person so if you're going
to believe that Russia hacked the hacked
us you're kind of down to one person's
word for it and it happened to be the
best the most obvious Liars in the world
clapper and Brennan now since then I
believe other people have probably
confirmed it right so it's you know they
were the starters but you would have to
also say other people have confirmed it
those other people who have confirmed
what Brennan clapper think that they
confirmed the other people who agreed
with them also didn't do the work I
don't believe we've seen anybody who did
the work and we're only taking the word
for people who are known to be not
credible so that which we are accepting
as fact that Russia interfered with the
election it is a fact that they had a
trivial tiny weak influence on some
memes that could not made any difference
that's probably true the hacking might
be true too but we as a public should
not believe it's true it isn't it is not
in the realm in the category of credible
things
be true right being credible or not
credible is just how you think about it
independent of whether it's true but
believing it is sort of a sucker's play
even if it's true you would be believing
it for the worst possible reasons you
just got lucky if you believed it and it
was true all right so I have big
questions about Russian interference in
terms of how it's reported it's probably
trivial but if the United States is is
seeing that they're doing other things
that are non-trivial wouldn't you assume
that we're doing the same stuff back to
them I mean not election per se but
we're doing cyber operations I would
hope so so let's talk about health care
I heard a Republican advisor type on TV
the other day I don't remember his name
but he was saying that the president
made a strategic error in taking on
health care and Obama care so early when
he should have milked his victory over
the the Mahler stuff and I thought to
myself yeah I understand the point
politically that he had a win so he
didn't milk that as long as possible but
he's also still the president right
could you support this president if all
he did this week was milk the molar
report we sort of hired him to do work
and health cares sort of right at the
top of the work we hired him to do so if
you're telling me it's a strategic
mistake for the President of the United
States to work on one of the nation's
top priorities instead of enjoying his
week of victory I I don't respect that
opinion at all because I think he needs
to work and do real things now the
criticism I'm hearing is that the
president is I guess he's added the
administration to some lawsuit that
could get rid of Obamacare yeah that
gets held up by the courts
courts uphold the getting rid of
Obamacare people are saying how could
the president president be so reckless
and stupid to get rid of Obamacare while
having no new plan oh he talks about a
plan and he talks about the Republicans
being the new the party of health care
but that plan doesn't exist it's just
sort of a hope for a plan so how could
he be so stupid to get rid of the thing
we have even even if it has problems how
could he be such a bad leader that he
would get rid of it without having
anything to replace it that my that my
friends is an illegitimate story that is
complete fake news because there is no
world in which the president would get
rid of the thing we have without having
something to replace it
there is the that's not going to happen
even if Obamacare gets thrown out the
government is still not completely
incapable they're gonna say ok the court
has over over ruled it but we don't yet
have a replacement until we have a
replacement we'll just keep going the
way we're going you know there might be
some tweaks to it or something but
basically basically the the entire
government of the United States didn't
all become you know blithering morons
there's nobody there's not you couldn't
find one person probably in the
government who would say oh yeah just
just drop this Obamacare like a rock it
doesn't matter if we have anything to
replace it we'll just get rid of it
nobody thinks that and the news the
anti-trump news is reporting every day
oh what an idiot
this requires the dáil treatment he's so
stupid
he is going to cancel the Obama care
health care and have no plan to replace
it said all the dumb people all the
smart people said of course he's gonna
not do anything drastic until he can
have a substitute of course we shouldn't
even have that conversation because
they're nobodies
stupid there's nobody that stupid all
right so I saw the story that they're a
record number of young men who were not
having sex
so in polls apparently men are just I
think 28% of men in their 20s are just
not having sex and people speculate all
right what's going on what's happening
and I think the answer is it's a whole
bunch of things so a whole bunch of
things going on and it's all just list a
few one of the things going on is that
people use almost I would say almost
exclusively at this point dating apps
for hookups if you're in your 20s you're
using an app to find partners now it was
recently reported I think like sort of
it's tweeted this that if you're a woman
and you can have any guy you want right
let's say you're on tinder and you're a
woman you know you can kind of have your
pic right
so what woman is picking an ugly guy
none right there's no woman who's saying
yeah I'm gonna get this ugly guy Wow
does that happen so because women get to
make the mating decisions
meaning that men are largely ready to go
and it's up to the women to say yeah
I'll pick this one I'll pick this one
why in the world would any woman on
tinder pick somebody from the bottom 20%
it just would never happen so the bottom
20% if they are relying not on personal
contact so much but dating apps how in
the world would they ever have sex the
dating apps have completely eliminated
their ability to find partners because
the guys in the top 20% are getting all
of the women so the guy in the top 20%
is having sex five times this week with
five different women because they're
picking him they're like I don't like
that guy right
so that's one thing the other thing as
the the story I read reported that more
men are living at home and apparently
and this is underreported I think there
are more men living with their parents
adult men than there are women so women
are actually more successful at getting
out of the house and I thought I thought
I'm not sure I knew that do you know do
you know that because I would say that
that would be one of the one of the most
important metrics of how the genders are
doing it looks to me like if women are
far more successful and apparently it's
a big difference women are far more
successful at getting out of the house
and taking on a life of their own
and it makes me think there might be no
is there a more important metric than
that is that a metric it feels like
that's the main metric if you literally
can't graduate from childhood to
adulthood successfully nothing else is
as important as that is it I mean except
health and health is pretty similar so I
would say that women at this point have
a commanding advantage if you use that
metric now I'd need to know more about
why that is to understand that but it
seems like a commanding advantage for
women so women more women are going to
college than men more women are leaving
the house than men you know leaving the
parents that's pretty good for what for
a woman I got to say yeah I'm not going
to get into the debate about salaries so
but the other the other effects which
I've talked about before is the quality
of the porn and I you don't see anybody
talk about this except me so probably
for a good reason
porn has existed for you know decades
but in the past the poor
was a sort of generic because you know
people were all looking at sort of the
same thing but now because there's so
much that people can pick the exact kind
of porn they want and the difference
between the exact porn you want and just
pretty good porn it's probably pretty
big right I'm going to think about it
think about the best food you've ever
had compared to the average of food
right the average of food is sort of its
food I liked it it's okay
compare that to the best food you've
ever had right so right now that's what
we've done we've gone from poor and
wizza
it's pretty good I like this porn it's
good stuff too
oh my god this is the best thing I've
ever seen in my life in theory having
more of it and having it more searchable
should create that situation the
longtail where your very specific
preference you can find under those
conditions would a certain group of men
even bother going out of the house maybe
not because there's a crossover there's
there's a crossover at some point the
the digital version is just better for
some number of people who cannot you
know if you're not in the 20% of men who
are getting all the women on tinder if
you're in the bottom 20% what's the best
time you can have on a Saturday night
all right and I'm not saying this as an
insult
I'm not putting anybody down I'm just
saying that the the trend of you know
digital sex if you will it has done this
it went from man this is pretty good
stuff a lot of people like it to her
totally available fairly fairly accepted
in society now as compared to before so
that's a big factor anyway there are a
number of other factors soon let's talk
about climate change I saw a tweet from
Tony Heller famous climate skeptic and
we asked
if if I've sort of given up on chasing
down the climate change truth - for
those of you who are new to this my
current stand is the same as my stand
has been for a while which is I don't
believe a citizen a non-scientist
can understand climate change well
enough to have a real opinion an opinion
that's not just ridiculous now you could
be right but it would be by accident
because you really can't tell if the
skeptics or the scientist has the better
argument and so I've been doing this
deep dive for months and trying to find
the one if I could find one metric or
one measurement or one fact or or one
thing that you could say all right if
this is true and we prove it's true then
we're really in trouble with climate
change or likewise if we prove it's not
true whatever this one hypothetical fact
is if we could say this is not true
there's not much trouble right not much
risk so so I've been looking for that
thing and the most recent update is that
I saw somebody who was a climate skeptic
say the following and I put this out
here for people to comment on that there
are 31 or so major climate models that
belong to I think 31 countries so every
country seems to favor a certain model
they're a little bit different yeah but
I think 30 of them roughly speaking
somebody says over 70 but they're
probably 30 or so that are the important
ones but the point is that almost all of
them are similar or at least they're in
the same zone right there's a lot of a
lot of variation in zone but the zone
was all up so it wouldn't matter which
of them was right
they all show a story of my god were a
lot of trouble so I believe all climate
scientists would agree with what I've
said so far that there are lots of
different models that that they all show
danger so it doesn't matter which ones
right they all show danger except and
here's the fun
the Russian model so the the fact that
I've asked to be checked is is it true
that the only model that has actually
hind - casted right meaning it fits the
past as all the models do so all the
models that you see fit the past but
there's only one that fits the past and
it's the end that's the important part
has also fit recent measurements so
there so the the the the claim which I'm
I'm asking people to fact-check is is it
true that the Russian model is the only
one that's worked and if that's true if
that claim is true is it also true that
the Russian model the only one that
works also shows there's no big risk
from climate change because it's way out
of the range of the other ones so I put
that out there and if it had been like
every other claim that the sceptics make
it would have been debunked immediately
in fact there are there are two twitter
users that are very active in my feed
they copy me on all the climate stuff
and I'm watching them slap down the
skeptics you know like a bad movie yeah
it's sort of like watching either one of
them work on Twitter is like watching a
an old kung fu movie you know where
Bruce Lee is is killing hundreds of
people in fact and and but even though
it's a hundred to one you know Bruce Lee
is still winning every fight well for
the vast majority of the skeptical
claims I'm watching the two Bruce Lee's
slapped down all the skeptics so hard
there's it's almost hard to watch I mean
it's sort of a bloodbath so there are
two Bruce Lee's who know enough about
climate they're not even scientists
neither / scientists all they do is they
take the scientists argument and they
just match it with a skeptical claim and
they say well I just debunked your claim
with science and and they can explain
it works etc but there's one claim about
the Russian model I put out there to
total silence total silence now it could
be that somebody has answered it and I
haven't noticed it so if there's anybody
out there who's seen a response to the
Russian model fact jack it was somebody
who would say it's not true
can you tweet it to me so my and might
my stand on all this the climate stuff
is going to be the same it's going to be
that it is never settled in my mind so
science can be settled ish and I know
you'll all come in and say science can
never be settled by the way there's
nothing that bothers me more about the
whole climate situation then people
claim it explaining to each other things
they already knew do you see this
phenomenon how many times has somebody
said on Twitter but science can never be
settled ok who did you think didn't who
did you think doesn't know that even
when scientists say it's settled a
hundred percent of the world knows that
it could still change if they had new
information because that sounds science
works we don't need to keep explaining
of the same thing to each other because
we all know that there's nobody who
doesn't know that no matter how certain
science is if they get new information
it could change nobody doesn't know that
stop explaining it to me please
the other thing the people that seem to
claim is plain to me as they say science
is not consensus that's not how it works
the 97% of Sciences it does not work by
consensus who are you telling that to is
there anybody in the world who believes
the science works on
census nobody believes that you're
arguing against some imaginary person
literally nobody believes the science is
consensus they do believe that on the
persuasion front that it means something
that most of the scientists are on the
same side but they're taking it as
persuasion yes it is persuasive that all
the scientists or so many of the
scientists seem to be on the same side
that's persuasive but nobody says that's
science it's just being persuaded by
numbers all right
so here's where it stands I've made two
fact challenges to climate scientists
and so far they have let me down which
means that the current winning argument
is skepticism the current winning
argument and climate are the people who
say it's not a problem that doesn't mean
they're right got to be very careful
here I'm not saying they're right I'm
saying that argument wise they have they
have the high ground now until somebody
can debunk either the Russian model
being the accurate one or they can
debunk my second challenge which is that
the the so-called unprecedented rise in
temperatures is matched with an
identical curve earlier in this century
when when there wasn't as much going on
in terms of co2 there was less co2 but
we had the same thing now I've heard the
arguments for that or something like
well Herick volcanoes and pollution but
honestly those are such weak arguments
that it just puts into question the
entire theory frankly so those are my
two challenges that the stronger one is
the Russian model one and I haven't
heard a response so I'm not saying that
these are true statements that the
Russian model is the only one that's
accurate and it says there's not much
warming problem I had I don't know that
that's true but it is the winning
argument until somebody knocks it off
the top spot
so the skeptics have the top spot and so
Tony Heller to answer your question on
Twitter I have not to drop the drop the
trail and your team is solidly in the
lead until you get knocked off if
somebody knocks off that belief then I
changed my mind like that all right
anything else going on I see a number of
people are signing up to be guests
let's see who's on here doo doo doo let
me write a guest hold on and see if I
can keep my sound working I do this
you'll tell me if I've changed just
changed microphones all right I'm gonna
invite Perry just for for no reason
now let's see if this works
Perry are you there Barry hey how's it
going did you have a question yeah so
first a comment which is thanks for
having this little chat at the end like
the sweet spot every time because I've
heard you be a little bit self-conscious
about it like maybe this is a waste of
time but this is the reason why I
started paying attention to you honestly
so the climate question would be what
happened to your sort of line of thought
where you were pointing to trust the
experts broadly where you were kind of
hinting to Trump you're like you're
hinting at maybe Trump should translate
the trust the experts from the wall to
climate then trust the experts you know
from the wall to nuclear and kind of I
saw you growing a good circle like a
complete circle there are you still on
that line of thought or well
well I I might have to answer offline if
if we have a baby crying problem you can
let me ask her offline so it's a good
question when do you trust the experts
I'll give you a rule trust the experts
when the situation is simple
and don't trust the experts when the
situation is complicated and the experts
are have a financial incentive so that's
a pretty good rule now if you take a
look at the experts talking about border
security I would say border security is
a relatively simple thing does a wall
work does it not work where do we put a
border gate that sort of thing so an
expert on border security probably
pretty reliable probably pretty reliable
an expert on let's say telling you how
to invest investing is terribly
complicated there's so many companies
involved if an expert tells you that
they can pick stocks for you better than
than random chance don't trust them
because it's a big complicated field
finances and everybody involved who's
the professionals they have a financial
incentive that's their own financial
incentive it's not your financial
incentives all right
so in finance you generally don't want
to trust the experts except for the
experts we're telling you you know that
this is a better investment than this
generally such as if they tell you that
index funds stock index funds are better
than picking stocks this sort of a
high-level Jin general advice you can
you can trust that but if the expert
says buy stock and Enron as my expert
once did and I did invest in Enron don't
trust that if your expert says very
detailed I think you should put your
money into
WorldCom a company that went out of
business
don't do what I did and say well you're
the expert
I guess I'll put some money in the world
column because that didn't work out they
went out of business all right but if
they say put it in an index fund and
just leave it there that's pretty good
advice now let's think that the climate
is climate more like border security
where it's a simple situation and and
the Border Patrol people the experts
don't really have a financial interest
per se they want to get the job done you
know they don't there's no I don't think
any of the border security people make
money if if the government builds a wall
right so no financial interest climate
is a lot more like the financial example
where it's a big complicated thing and
you as a citizen cannot determine who's
right who's wrong and there's gigantic
money influences in it if you ever put
those two situations together you should
not trust the experts automatically now
I'm gonna add automatically because
sometimes the experts are right and in
the case of climate if the experts are
right the majority of them the climate
scientists well then you're doomed so
this is one that you gotta take a little
more seriously and dig into it a little
bit more and see if you can figure it
out because the fate of civilization is
in the balance
maybe so that's exactly why I'm doing a
deep dive to answer that question can we
trust the experts I mean in a sense I'm
doing a fact check on the experts and
because I can't understand the experts
complete you know domain of expertise
enough to say well you got that right
about those tree rings I mean how would
I know but I can't ask them about
specific claims and say is this true or
not so if it's true or not true that the
Russian model is the accurate one that
would tell us something we wouldn't need
to be experts ourselves to look at that
and say um you can't explain why the
only model that works
is the only one that you're ignoring is
that true
because if it is true the whole the
whole thing is blown apart and if it's
not true it's just one more time that
the skeptics were wrong so it makes a
difference all right let me take another
caller here and you can ask me anything
you want I'm gonna pick people who have
some kind of a profile picture so that
will be my preference here all right my
guests are you their guests hi
and do you have a question for me it's
another climate sort question if that's
all right
sure anything well I've been thinking
lately and keeping up with your whole
adventure in this and it kind of
occurred to me a couple days ago when
you could shoot me down here if you like
but it kind of occurred me there's only
one way forward and the debate may not
matter that much because on one extreme
you do nothing and you have the risk of
climate change being a real problem and
also roughly half the planet believe
that it is a huge problem anyway excuse
me so they're going to be upset the
other extreme is like the green New Deal
destroy the economy like we have to
solve it now so no other one seems to
work excuse me I'm getting a cold but
the other way would be the center where
we keep the economy intact and just have
a societal consciousness that we're
going to keep going towards greener
energies and that needs to be the only
way forward and then in that case the
debate of right or wrong may be the
wrong way to frame it yeah
you're not too far from the Bill Gates
approach which is to develop safe
nuclear technology because that would be
the right answer no matter what's
happening with climate change and you
would do it as fast as you could no
matter what's happening with climate
change I mean you would do it just to
get rid of normal pollution the thing
that that I think is always under
under mentioned I guess what is that we
we talk about India and China creating
most of the co2 most of the pollution
yes and we say well that's you know why
you should why should we do something
when they're not doing something because
you know whatever we do wouldn't make a
difference enough of a difference anyway
but here's here's the interesting thing
if you fast forward the pollution in
China is actually so bad that it would
destabilize the regime yeah so China
China India for their own domestic
stability are getting closer and closer
to the point where they're gonna have to
treat it as their top priority mm-hmm so
we don't have to I don't think we have
to worry that either China or India will
get more polluted forever until the
world ends because for their own
purposes having nothing to do with the
rest of the world if the people can't
breathe walking down the street which is
literally you know the other worry masks
and stuff now if they can't fix that I
don't know if the regime is gonna be
stable and and you know well I was just
gonna say that seems to kind of speak to
my point because it seems like they're
operating on my first extreme that I
mentioned which is like doing nothing
and they're kind of proving that it's
unsustainable well well no I let me let
me
fact-check you on that my understanding
is that China is going harder on
developing nuclear technology than maybe
any other country that maybe that's not
true but I did recently hear that some
development is happening over there for
nuclear and that is their only solution
so probably they're already working hard
well it's again nuclear because there's
no other path yeah but I'm also instruct
with how I've never heard that before
today China I only get the image of
people being unable to breathe in
Beijing I had no idea that they were
actually trying to advance nuclear well
it's it's brand-new news so I think the
news was only a week ago yeah yeah they
had to do with the the new type of
reactors the generation four so thank
you for your question
right ticker alright let's take one more
or maybe maybe more so we need
let's get Colleen on here Colleen
Colleen can you hear me I plug for you
is that your book How to Lose it almost
everything and still win is very popular
in our house and sharing an extended
family so thanks thank you very much I'm
calling about your comments regarding
Russia and the the fact that they the
non fact that they quote meddled and I
wanted to ask you about the fact that
you know we've all been talking and
rolling our eyes about CNN and MSNBC but
don't you think it's more dangerous the
lives that Fox and rather well they are
lies because they have kept the entire
narrative as this demonization of Russia
when there are there's no evidence that
Russia meddled and they've known you
know least ran has been reporting for
two years
Ukraine colluded and they are even
convictions but Fox kept that from us
and their primary audience is President
Trump and his base and I feel like
everybody needs to know that that is
absolutely more dangerous of of media
because they're targeting the base and
so everybody just is assuming Russia
nettled when there's a reason behind
these lives even from our well but there
but it is true that Russia did the troll
farm stuff you agree with that right
that doesn't mean it was the Russian
government right it does not but you you
agree that the troll farm stuff happened
all agree that there were some ads out
there with those yeah yeah I you know I
don't hear I don't hear Fox News hitting
the the Russia thing too hard but they
do report it as there was real Russian
interference which is almost
certainly true but I think you have to
put it in context of how a trivial it
was at least the parts that they that we
know about but also that our allies do
the same thing there's no way that
Russia interfered more than Great
Britain I mean the UK and Ukraine was
what really did impact our elections
mana Ford was fired because of a fake
dirt given to Alexandre chalupa from Les
chinko in the Ukraine I mean that beyond
what anything that Trump was ever
accused of and for two years Fox knew
that and and did not they needed to
still push the anti-russia thing so it's
hard for me to comment on this because I
don't know the facts of the the Ukraine
stuff but I will I will take your
comment I will accept your opinion that
the the Ukraine stuff was underreported
that might be true I I just I can't I
can't add much to the conversation
because I don't know the the factual
background but that thank you for
calling Thanks all right all right I'm
gonna end here and I will talk to you Oh
before I go let me tell you again that
my my drum instructor is now on the
interface by one hub app so if you want
to take drums you might look him up his
name is Michael look for search for
drums then look for Michael you'll find
my drum instructor and you can schedule
some time with them and I hope you do
and I will talk to you later