pom pom pom pom pom pom pom yes I'm
going a cappella today bum bum bum bum
bum hey everybody come on in here it's a
crazy crazy world but there's one thing
you can always count on there's one
thing that always goes right one part of
your day that's as close to perfect as
you could possibly get and you're upon
that moment right now it's called coffee
with Scott Adams certainly one of the
greatest pleasures in the universe and
if you have your mug your vessel your
cup it's time for the simultaneous sip
join me Wow that's good coffee
so let's talk about a few things I
didn't I didn't play my my new theme
song in part because I haven't asked for
permission to do to use it that way
playing here once seemed fair and I'll
ask its creator like Hira the dawn if he
Minds if I'd play that more than once so
we'll see but it's his song so I'll let
him decide that let's talk about a few
things so I had tweeted hastily I now
realize I was hasty in my tweeting about
Chuck Schumer's marijuana legalization
bill I don't know the details of it but
it's a bill to get the the federal
government out of the business of to get
them out of the business of weed
enforcement and I thought to myself well
that's great look at the Democrats and
the reason I tweeted it is I try as much
as possible to be as close to objective
about this stuff as I can and I thought
I don't care who does it
Democrats Republicans this
just a good thing to do and so I
retweeted it and then I found out what
was in it
yeah decriminalizes the better word
somebody's somebody is informing me a
bill to decriminalize as opposed to
making it legal because the state's
states still have a saying yeah the the
bill as a poison pill in it but when I
saw it I just couldn't stop laughing
because again I'm gonna try to be
objective so when I talk about
persuasion I'm not talking about the
ethics involved in it every time but
just assume that I also have an ethical
standard just like everybody else so if
I don't mention it don't assume it
doesn't exist sometimes I'm just talking
about the tools in this case the Huber's
bill is so brilliant in its evil you
know it's like diabolically clever then
I just have to call it out for how
clever it is first of all there's no
chance that'll get passed because it has
a something called the poison pill
that's something you build into you know
the usual use of the word poison pill is
if a company doesn't want to get taken
over by another company they pass a law
or rule within the company that might
I'll just give an example it might say
if we're ever the subject of a takeover
every every employee gets a ten thousand
dollar bonus and then you can't take
them over because at the moment you take
them over the company would give all
this money away to its employees so that
you wouldn't have purchased anything so
that's called the poison pill what she
over did was he put a poison pill in the
weed decriminalization bill and it looks
like this it's a tax so the they would
tax weed
alright so that's that's your poison
pill I'll tell you the details but you
Republicans are not going to vote for a
tax they're just not going to vote for a
tax that no matter how much they like
the the weed part of the bill it's got
this little poison pill of attacks so
they would tax
we'd and here's the clever part the the
tax of the weed would go specifically to
minority and women businesses in the
apparently the cannabis industry so
those are the two parts of the of the
weed bill that are completely poison
pills so the cleverness of it is that
the Republicans are either going to have
to do they're either gonna have to vote
for a tax
ouch they don't want to do that because
they're almost certainly going to look
for a deal where that they could
determine eyes decriminalize weed
without a tax but the public will not be
in on the details they'll just say those
damn Republicans they voted against weed
they can't do anything right
so Schumer's play is so evil but clever
at the same time that I can't not
appreciate the cleverness even though
it's pure evil so yeah it's it's a bill
it's a bill that's designed to fail for
political reasons and once you see it
it's funny all right
so let's hope that we can get a real
bill that has a chance of getting passed
and that would be that would be awesome
now let's go to our next topic so I I
had not been paying much attention to
the quote walk away movement you're all
familiar with hashtag walk away I guess
it was started or at least popularized
by Brandon Straka I understand he's a
gay man who lives in New York City and
he made a video saying then the gay man
you know is important to this story
because it's political doing a video say
he was walking away from the Democratic
Party now people have been asking me
Scott talk about this right about this
walk away thing this is
and I said to myself yeah that's not
anything you know it's it's it's a
little new story because it's sort of a
Man Bites Dog it's you know opposite of
what's what you expected in your
partisan politics
so it's interesting but the first thing
I thought was it's not going to be a
thing you know it's not going to grow
now it has picked up some some volume I
guess the videos but looked at five
million times which doesn't tell you
anything because the five million are
mostly Republicans already you know who
knows how many Democrats are actually
looking at it so yes it is a thing and
there are real people who are walking
away but they're probably people on the
other side walking away for different
reasons you know it's hard to know if
this will actually put a dent in the
universe but I'll tell you why I'm
talking about it so I read a little bit
about the thinking behind it and I was
wondering what policy is it in
particular is is it because you know my
assumption which was incorrect my
assumption was that maybe it's policy
related or maybe it's you know they just
prefer the Republican policies after all
or maybe it's they're just saying that
the president is being effective in a
general way that's what I thought before
I read the details oh oh my viewers this
is way more interesting than that I
don't know if you quite caught it but
let me put it in context I like to talk
about the most you know how I talk about
the persuasion filter it's a way of
looking at the world as if everything is
persuasion and the facts and reason are
things we pretend we care about but sort
of don't and I've also said that
President Trump and I said this I know
two years ago would quote punch a hole
in the universe or or put a tear in the
universe
so that you can look through the hole
and see reality for the first time
because we all walk around in this
little little bubble movie of our own
making and I said he's gonna let you see
reality at least a little bit of it not
all of it because we're not we're not
able but he would put a hole in your
current bubble so you could just peek
out and see what's on the other side and
you'd say holy cap I'm in a bubble so
really the most you're gonna get out of
this is the knowledge certain that
you've been living in a bubble of truth
that you created in your own head as
opposed to truth that exists at the
universe and apparently that's what
happened to Brendon Straka because
here's how he describes his thinking
behind the walk away was it about policy
here's what it was about he realized
that the Democrats were using fear to
manipulate people that's a big deal
that's a big deal that's peeking through
the hole in the universe
it wasn't about policies wasn't about
you know which leaders a little more
effective wasn't about who cares about
you wasn't about who's got the best
plans for the future
he realized that one side was
manipulating them with fear and that
that's all that was going on well that's
not all this going on but that was the
big picture the big picture was
persuasion that was fear-based and the
fear wasn't real now you're saying to
yourself
Trump uses fear to manipulate you to
here's the difference the fear that
Trump uses and and he does use fear to
manipulate he's talking about fear of
people outside the country in many cases
who have actually killed lots of people
like
Isis and terrorists so when he's tough
on the border he's pointing to ms-13 who
are real people ms-13 actually kills
people and apparently we're only just
learning that the although immigrants as
a group have an unusually low crime rate
yeah immigrants a very Pro immigrant low
crime rate great addition to the country
but among the class of illegal ones who
are breaking the law to get in it turns
out that the rate of murder and violent
crime and stuff is is far higher than
their percentage in the population so
they are literally a high crime group
just the illegals immigrants in general
awesome people contributing to the
country lower crime than normal lower
crime than average so Trump's fear is
based on people who really exist and
really are hurting people those are
things you actually should be worried
about Trump's fear would be you know
youyou could argue that he's scared
everybody with North Korea but that's a
real fear and you got a pretty good
result there or at least it seems to
have you in the right direction so but
if you look at now look at the Democrats
a version of fear their fear is of your
fellow citizen is that a sexist term can
you say that anymore can you say your
fellow citizen is that sexist what's
what's the generic ways and your other
citizens your teammates your your
country people
comrade citizens somebody says so notice
the huge difference there so Brendon
Straka has realized that the Democrats
are creating fear of each other
Trump is creating fear almost entirely I
can't think of an example of people who
are outside our borders who are
literally armed and dangerous
people with actual guns and weapons who
are actually using them that's a little
bit different right there's one thing
you should be afraid of and there's one
thing that's largely invented and enough
time has now passed so that any
reasonable citizen can see that the
things that people said about Trump were
clearly untrue that there was a fear
that he would tank the economy not true
there was a fear that you would blow up
the world with nuclear weapons and never
get anywhere with North Korea cuz he's a
he was a crazy man he's crazier than Kim
jung-ho and not true and you know what
it wasn't even true that kim jungeun is
crazy in any way that matters for
negotiating negotiating what else is oh
there was a fear that you would he would
round up gay people lend you know put
them in camps obviously not true there
was a fear that you know he would do
this or that anyway so it's becoming
more and more clear to the people on the
left that they've been taken by their
own side that they're their own side is
using fear of their of their own country
people I don't want to say countrymen
you know you realize how sexist all of
our old terms are but that is a powerful
it's a very powerful thought and if this
walk away thing had been you know based
on oh I think I've changed my mind and I
like the Republican policies better I'd
say to myself
that's not much you know a few people
change change parties because the policy
is new no big deal but when people are
talking about changing parties because
they realized that they're being taken
that they're just being taken
manipulated by fear and that they're let
me let me put this in perspective
imagine if you will that all of the
coverage of this President had been just
straight objective coverage that then
nobody ever gave an opinion of what they
thought he would do or what they thought
he was thinking what if the only
coverage you'd seen had been coverage of
Trump as a person who does stuff and you
just observe what he does you know
compared to maybe what he promised and
say yeah yeah he's he's doing the things
that he got elected for etc here's what
people think of it here's what they
don't you know the but but if the news
had not become let's say participants in
the political process had they moved had
they not moved from an observer watchdog
role to actual participants trying to to
you know move the needle would the left
be afraid of this president a little
maybe just because you know it's a big
country and a lot of different opinions
a lot of different individuals but
probably nothing like we're seeing I
would argue that close to a hundred
percent of the fear that people have
about this president is based on you
know non objective coverage would you
say that's true would you agree with me
that almost a hundred percent of the
fear the I'm talking about the
irrational fear the the thing that makes
people vomit and and shake because
that's what people are experiencing
right you know joke all you will about
you know the left you know howling at
the moon and stuff like that but this is
a real medical problem there they've
lived for 18 months in in total fear
where's that fear coming from well
they've been manipulated into believing
it's coming from the president that it's
because of the things he's doing the
things he's thinking which is crazy
because they don't know what he thinks
and the things that in their imagination
he might do those things all come from
the press you know in the the opinion
part of the press mostly that's not
coming from the president what has the
president said recently they would scare
a citizen of the United States now I do
think there's a role of the press and
that the public opinion and everything
has changed this president's policy
preferences so for example when he was
campaigning he was talking about
deporting 14 million people who are here
undocumented but otherwise good citizens
and of course he's not doing that and it
doesn't look like there's any any real
chance of that happening so there are
some big things that we see the public
pretty much immediately caused this
president to change opinions take the
children in cages for example you know
the public had its say and it looked
like a public had his say and he changed
now somebody saying what about the
repeal of Roe versus Wade I'll talk
about that in a minute anyway so my
point is that this Brandon Straka what
he's doing is far more important than I
imagined when I was just reading the
headline about it and I didn't read the
detail once you see his reason that he
realized that Democrats are manipulating
people into this permanent unhealthy
unhealthy unhealthy
very very physically and mentally
unhealthy have I mentioned unhealthy
state so the Democrats for their their
political for their political benefit
have caused the entire left to be in
physical and mental distress for two
years policies policy does policy matter
to you if you realize that your own team
has made you deeply unhealthy for two
years intentionally for their own game
let me ask you this if you want to get
mad you know you probably won't get as
mad the people are watching this
periscope but if you are on the Left let
me ask you this do you believe that
Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi are as
afraid for the future as they have made
you feel let that just hang there for a
minute if you're a Democrat do you think
that Schumer and Pelosi are as afraid
about what might happen with this
president with the country as they have
made you the voter feel not a chance not
even a slight chance and you know what
you could tell you could tell just by
looking at them have you ever seen an
actual anti-trump or like a citizen you
know like a just a regular citizen who
has fear of the future for the country
because of the president have you
watched them this is no joke their fear
is physical they are physically shaking
they are you can see it in their eyes
there is a deep real fear who put that
there
their own people their own leaders do
those leaders share that feel not that
fear not a chance and I base that just
looking at them because when you look at
a citizen talking about it you can see
the fear well you know it's not that
hard to I'm not somebody said
mind-reading and and by the way when you
accuse me of mind-reading because that's
one of the things I say about other
people thank you because that's exactly
what you should be thinking you should
if that's your filter of this you're way
ahead and you should keep be honest on
that right so if you see me doing it
call it out like you just did and then
you can you know call it out and all
correct if possible so what I'm basing
this on is is watching people physically
react to fear you see a physical
reaction to fear and the citizens that
you don't see among the professionals
and if they had a real fear they'd be
shaken they'd be vomiting but you know
you're not seeing it
so there's that let's talk about a few
other things in no particular order I
we're seeing some calls to eliminate ice
so you saw what's-her-name who just one
in New York
the primary Octavia Cortez Adam I it's
gonna take me a while to learn her name
but now kirsten gillibrand or whatever
Acacio okay Acacio Cortez thank you so
there's now there's actually a sitting
Democrat who's also said yeah we should
get rid of ice but let me explain to you
what get rid of ice means yeah it means
change the name right so those of you
who have ever worked in
company you know how this works we've
certainly got to get rid of the
marketing department the marketing part
will eliminate the marketing department
by changing its name to another thing
you know the as long as you have the
function of ice and I don't think
anybody has said that we should let
people come in and stay you know once
they get it through the border that's
okay just let me stay hey they've made
it across the border which we don't have
they made it across the wall that
doesn't exist I guess it's just fair to
let him stay nobody's really saying that
so when they say eliminate ice what the
hell does that mean change ice to nice
oh my god that's so funny
and do you know why that would be easy
because M stands for national what's the
rest of ice stand for immigration can
somebody tell me what I stands for
immigration something enforcement what's
this what's the C in ice somebody tell
me what to see Oh customs immigration
Customs Enforcement is that it so why
couldn't it be national immigration
Customs Enforcement why can't I used to
be nice you know it would be hilarious
I'm not suggestiveness but it would just
be hilarious if Trump changed the name
of ice to nice so that when the the
Democrats try to eliminate it they're
eliminating nice because if you
eliminate ice well everybody wants to
eliminate ice
where's ice good except in your drink
you know you don't want ice on your ear
on your jet you don't want ice on your
roads you don't want ice on your
windshield you know but nice well we
like nice we like nice everywhere
so I don't think that will happen but it
would be hilarious now looking at some
other things so a Rovi rover suede let's
talk about that so how many of you know
what the poles are in terms of you know
abortion rights a right to choose
whatever you want to call it if I had to
ask you I'll just do a poll don't look
it up just the answer from your top of
your head do you think do you think has
more support in this country abortion
rights or banning abortion which one
which one do you think is more popular
in this country abortion or banning
abortion banning I'm just looking at
your I think your comments are a little
bit behind because so many people are
talking about ice and nice alright but
my point was that I'm not sure I'm not
sure people even know what the majority
opinion is but let me make a larger
point that I've made before and every
time I make this point you can you can
see it applying to a new category my
point is that the it used to be that we
elected people to be in the government
the government went and made decisions
and then sort of told the people what
decisions they made and then we decided
whether to re-elect those people or not
so that's sort of the original political
system then social media happened so
social media didn't exist when the
Constitution was written does anybody
believe that the Constitution would be
exactly the same if Thomas Jefferson was
on the internet right if Thomas
Jefferson had the internet and
understood the Internet
as you know part of the the fabric of
culture might've added a few things you
know may have may have adjusted the
Constitution to allow for that because
we went from a point where the people's
opinion took a long time to sort of
bubble up and become powerful and maybe
have some impact on the on the elected
official alright so there was a for this
very indirect kind of connection between
the public and then what happened you
know that they influenced it but it was
sort of a you know a vague messy process
today I would say the public opinion
crystallizes so quickly you saw it
happen with the the issue of the
children and cages right there like
instantly the public crystallized on an
opinion that was opposite the
government's in this case and the
government just bent just immediately
bent it's like all right you got it now
actually you know physically doing this
is nearly impossible because there are
not enough resources and the in the
short term to do everything we need with
immigration and take care of the
families the way everybody would like it
to be done but we're in a world where
the public rules now in this new world
which is not the world in which roe v
wade was passed
all right roe v-- wade was passed in the
old world where the government's and the
courts were sort of in charge today even
if the courts kicked roe v wade back to
the states jeffrey toobin says twenty
states would immediately ban abortion
and that might be true that might
actually be true and those twenty states
would immediately hear from the
corporate entities that do business
there and the penalty would be pretty
big and we may need a few states in
which abortion is illegal and maybe
people want to go live there but it
would be
to want to move into a state where
abortion is illegal because it reduces
your own rights and the people who are
against abortion we're planning to have
one no matter where they were so they
don't have a reason to move there let me
put it in a clearer way if a state bans
abortion and they can get away with it
because of some change in the Supreme
Court there will be no reason to move
into it but lots of reasons to move out
of that state both for individuals
especially young people which would be
the death you know if your young people
move away that's sort of the death of
your state right so if a state creates a
reason for people to leave both
corporations and individuals and that
creates no reason to move in because
nobody moves to the state just for just
to have abortion banned you know what it
just wouldn't make any sense so it would
be sort of a death sentence to those
states but we'll say so that so there's
my somebody says one event so I'll make
a prediction that you can hold me to if
we get to the point and that's the big
if that Roe vs. Wade is weakened by the
court it's going to take a while there
probably will be states that pass
anti-abortion laws my my theory is that
it won't be twenty because all twenty
won't be able to get away with it in the
first place you know their own voters
won't let them let them get to it and
that the few states that pass it will be
shunned by businesses tourists
corporations etc to the degree that it
would be a self kill shot and it's
possible that those politicians who
passed those laws would be swept from
office
in the next election because what
motivates people more than this issue
nothing so I think I think yeah would
Texas be hurt yeah I would think that
any big state that that that changes
their a situation with abortion laws
they're gonna be and they're gonna be in
trouble
all right so that's enough of that I I'm
seeing this trend that I didn't know if
I wanted to talk about or not you know
sometimes there's something that you
think everybody else is thinking but you
don't want to say it you don't want to
be the first one to say it and it seems
to me that the two parties Democrats and
Republicans are having this weird gender
situation where the the left seems to be
dominated by female kind of let's say
female what themes or preferences maybe
and the Republican side is being
dominated by sort of a male centric view
and women who like living in a world of
you know certain kind of men and a
certain kind of situation so there's
there's like this real difference and
yeah and somebody somebody said the
thing that's that you shouldn't say out
loud but I don't have a I don't know how
to ignore it anymore
yeah I don't want to use I don't want to
use the negative words for us let me put
it this way all right let me give you a
context to make this less less horrible
when in our history when people started
talking about hey gender is not just a
or B you know people are not just men or
women and maybe maybe for example the
brains of you
LGBTQ people are a little different and
that they're actually born
in a unique situation that is not you
know it's not ambiguously one way or the
other in in our binary thinking I used
to reject that saying yeah you know like
everybody else you know at the when it
was early thinking you just said that
you know there there's over there always
outliers but it's basically men and
women I have now completely changed my
thinking and that my current thinking
and this is sort of evolved to this is
that there's this this big continuum of
largely I would say chemistry this seems
to be more important than your actual
physical junk and that your physical
junk is less important to who you are
male or female than your chemistry
because we can see that there let's say
for example you had a terrible accident
you're a man and you you know you lost
your stuff so let's say you're in an
accident and your genitals were
destroyed in the accident but you
otherwise lived everybody would still
call you a man right your actual
genitalia wouldn't be the defining you
know element and so here's how I see the
world at the moment there are definitely
people who are almost entirely female in
in all the chemical ways and there are
people who are almost entirely male in a
very high testosterone way but the
overlap is extreme meaning that let's
say so that where the my arms are
overlapping is where is where you could
have you know this vast middle zone is
where you can have a man who is at least
chemically similar to a woman and you
could have a woman who is at least
chemically more similar to a man and so
there's you know people are sort of all
over the place on this dr. Peterson
disagrees I think that might be one of
the one of the things that we disagree
on so it comes down to this what is it
that defines whether you're man
a woman some would say your genitalia I
think that's simplistic some would say
your DNA I would say the DNA is just one
of the drivers of your chemistry and
that I think your your chemistry is
probably the thing that makes you think
the way you think and makes you feel the
way you feel and that that's a more
productive way to look at the world is
as this this vast range of different
chemistry and you know some of it has
you know male genitalia and some of as
female somebody says human sexuality is
behavior well your chemistry is going to
drive your behavior whether you like it
or not yeah you could put somebody and
handcuffs and stop them from acting on
their chemistry but the short of that
chemistry wins somebody says there were
no gays among hunter-gatherers
there's not even a slight chance that's
true there isn't there isn't the
slightest chance that's true now it
might it might seem to you that there
well I think I'll leave it there but
let's just say that there seems to be a
chemistry difference between the
Democrat Party and the the Republicans
would you say that's true let me just
and by the way this is all speculation
before anybody says that I'm anti
science let me let me just say that this
is a hypothesis based on observation
there's no science that I would be aware
of but it's an observation yeah it does
seem to me that the well let me put it
another way the men in the Democrat
Party largely are submissive to the
women that is to say if a if a man and a
women woman ran
or president on the and the Democrat
side I think the woman would have a huge
advantage because there are lots of
Republican men who would vote for women
far more than there are Republican women
who would vote for men is that true I
think that's true on the Republican side
probably there's less caring about
gender just in general because as I've
said before when the name nikki Haley
comes out among the Republicans people
say hella yeah she's our next president
after Trump so on the Republican side
I I see that it probably doesn't make as
much difference all right let's talk
about one more point I want to make here
oh so when we're talking about the
Supreme Court nominees the name Senator
Mike Lee keeps coming up and I'm not
sure why because yeah apparently it was
not on the original list of potential
Supreme Court judges that Trump had but
for some reason he keeps making the
shortlist in the press I don't know what
they know that that we don't know but I
saw you a video of him I tweeted this
yesterday in which he was being
interviewed by Tucker Carlson and he did
not seem to be willing to do anything
about the big tech companies alleged
or actual discrimination against
conservative free speech and instead he
said he would leave that to the to the
market because you could always use a
different you could always use a
different search engine than Google no
you can't no you can't
here's why you can't use a different
search engine than Google Google is not
just a product they are a mind control
technology
Google controls our minds and and they
have and they're so sticky like if
you've already got your Gmail and you've
got your your Google Wallet you've got
your Android phone maybe some of us you
know you once you're in that
architecture you're so stuck in there
and it's so hard to get out that for all
practical purposes the big tech
companies are virtual monopolies you
know maybe not in the technical sense
but their virtual monopolies because
they've learned how to manipulate
thought in a way that no you know the
prior corporations had never done
they're just better at it so probably in
the old days it didn't make too much
difference as long as there was an
alternative you could say oh you know as
long as an alternative exists I can go
to
DuckDuckGo and I can go to Bing and I
can do a search so it's not really a
thing but today the big companies are so
good at mental manipulation and creating
addiction and controlling your mind that
getting out getting away from these
ecosystems that you get sucked into it's
not really the choice it used to be it's
a choice on some legal level but not on
a practical level on the practical level
you just can't change all right there
will always be some of you who duck duck
go your way and you know you could
imagine that would get bigger etc but in
a realistic way these big companies that
have a control over us and I'd be I'd be
real worried about a Senator Mike Lee
who likes the big corporations more than
he likes freedom of speech in this case
so that that would be a pretty risky
Supreme Court choice but I don't think
it'll happen actually all right
I think those were my main points today
you may you may have conspicuously
noticed that there's a story in the
headlines that I haven't talked about
I didn't tweet about it yesterday I'm
not talking about it today I'm not a big
fan of talking about these big events
that some idiot with a with a gun does I
definitely don't like to talk about it
ones fresh but I will I will say one
thing in the interest of being the last
credible person in the world according
to me and here it is so the question is
has the the president's treatment of the
media as the fake news and the enemy of
the people I think he actually said that
in a you said that most words in one
quote he said you know Trump isn't the
end of me of the people that or no he
said the press is not the enemy of Trump
it's the enemy of the American people
something like that and the the big
debate because people are terrible so
they think that the politics of it is
what we should be talking about instead
of the victims so the thought is hi
president Trump has somehow caused you
know caused this to be more likely now
that was the initial reporting and then
of course we we found out that this guy
had a personal vendetta against these
against the newspaper but one does not
make the other one not count right so if
you're stuck in the world where you
think you did it because of Trump or you
think I had nothing to do with Trump
those views could be close to the the
wrong guest views longest I don't even
know if that's worth the most wrong view
it seems to me and I'm going to be
consistent with everything else I've
said I believe that for example music
and video games do you
influence some people but not very many
so some people who are on the edge and
maybe they just needed a little extra
push I think that music sometimes can do
it if it's sort of angry violent suicide
II music it could do that for very few
people but definitely if you're looking
at millions of consumers there's
somebody who's going to be pushed over
the edge just because people are all
over some of them are on the edge and I
think that while there's no way to know
and there never will be a way to know
whether this one individual was on the
edge and the let's call it the
dehumanizing
of the press pushed them slightly over I
would say it can't be known can't be
known cannot be known there's no way to
know if this individual was in any way
influenced by the you know the the fake
news Trump approach but here's what I
will say seems fair the continuous of
dehumanizing of everybody could have an
impact for some very few people who are
on the edge and not not completely
mentally in control of things so I think
you can simultaneously say that
dehumanizing each other and dehumanizing
this this case means that if somebody is
the enemy to your country whether you're
calling them a Nazi or whether you're
saying there's the enemy of the people
99.99999% of all people hearing that
will know it's politics and hyperbole
and it's not going to change you know
their opinion about grabbing a gun and
shooting anybody
but somebody somebody so let's let's
take it from that perspective to the
civil war so apparently there was a poll
that said something like a third of the
public thinks that they're going to be a
civil war and among
Democrats the the number is much higher
so there are a pretty big number of
Democrats who believe there's a
possibility of a civil war I'll give you
my odds at pretty much zero and the
reason that there won't be as a war is
that the group that has the most power
and the most guns is getting what it
wants in this country in other words
Trump is largely is largely doing what
the people with the guns and the real
power both politically and because they
have guns they're kind of getting what
they want so their incentive to be
violent is super low and the people who
you know are getting worked up by the
Schumer and Pelosi and the people who
are manipulating them into this
unhealthy fear situation they're not
really the ones with the guns so there
may be a lot of marching in the streets
you can imagine that there will be
individual acts of violence but my
prediction for a revolution in the next
five years is zero zero that's my
prediction all right and I and I'll go
back to Brandon Straka
point that the left has has scared
people into bad health they are actually
a menace to society at this point and
they're doing it for manipulative
personal reasons they're doing it for
politics they're not doing it to help
their side if they were trying to help
their side they would come up with some
good policies and they wouldn't be
scaring the pants off of their own
people and if they were going to scare
them they would scare them about real
things not things they made up so there
are real things like terrorism and you
know
you know poverty crime there are real
things to be afraid of but they made up
some new ones so that the people who
would not normally be afraid of those
things had something new to be afraid of
all right I think I've said enough for
now I'm going to call it a day I'll talk
to you all later