I'm from pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody come on in here you know what
time it is you go it's time for coffee
with Scott Adams
I'm Scott Adams and you already know you
so no introductions needed but I know
why you here you're here because you
need to get that dopamine hit that
little charge that little piece of
energy the thing that makes the rest of
the day amazing and it starts with a
little thing I call the simultaneous if
it's easy to join in if you'd like to be
part of the simultaneous step there's
not much to it at all
all the requires is copper a marker
glass Steiner a chalice or a tankard a
thermos flask a canteen maybe a vessel
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous mmm oh that
is the best one today whoa oh if you
haven't tried stretching after the
simultaneous sip you really ought to add
that in it makes the whole thing
complete so tomorrow you don't want to
miss my periscope I'm going to talk to
dr. drew if all things technological
work out you know we're going to be
talking about the the horrible scene
that will probably bring this bubonic
plague in Los Angeles why are we going
to have bubonic plague in Los Angeles
well it has a little something to do
with our governments being incompetent
that's the big picture but we'll talk
about that more tomorrow all right so
the big news the big news the big news
in the news is the old news there's no
news that's nothing whatsoever about a
presidential tweet that turned
to a week of news and everybody is
talking is it racist is a racist tweet
now the latest thing is for people who
don't want to commit to say the
president's a racist
such as Nancy Pelosi such as Anthony
Sierra Moochie I think there are a few
others they're starting to say well I'm
not gonna say the president's a racist
but I will say that the tweet itself is
a racist tweet so now you can have
people who are racists but you can have
actually collections of words that are
racist if there is a tweet so and now
that tweets can be racist separate from
the intention of the sender which is
weird
you would think that racism is something
that somebody has to do intentionally
but apparently there are some critics of
the president in some friends of the
president who are a little critical in
this case and they say that the tweet
itself could be racist while the
president the person who thought it and
wrote it might not be okay I guess this
is just more of everything can be racist
and I think I'm gonna drink to that
because when you're drinking you're
racist cup of black coffee and you're
drinking that of a white cup and we're a
racist civilization filmed with racists
might as well go with it and so as I
said I believe the racism charge sort of
lost its energy am I wrong so I think
I'm the first person to well probably
not I was gonna say I'm the first person
to say this but probably not I'm gonna
call it I think racism lost his
credibility now most of you thought it
lost his credibility a long time
but it only lost its credibility with
half of the public or 40% whatever the
Trump supporters they had already given
up on that as being a meaningful word
the actual meant something in the real
world the other should and could mean
something but the way it's overused it
just becomes ridiculous and I think that
it's now a little bit more obvious even
to you know people on the other side I
tweeted a tweet by Jake Tapper that I
thought was fascinating so Jake in his
thread on Twitter that I retweeted
talked about talking to Democrats
without their identities being mentioned
and one of the Democrats said in in no
ambiguous terms he said the president
won this round so even the Democrats are
are clear on the fact that Trump took a
pretty risky play in their view I don't
think it was risky and I'll tell you why
but if their view was risky but it
worked and so even the Democrats are
saying oh damn it he won this one you
didn't see that coming did you unless
you watched my periscope in which I told
you it was coming in direct language so
[Laughter]
so even the Democrats know they lost
this round but why is this different now
I would say that what looked like a
gigantic risk on the part of the
President to say something that's
clearly provocative it's clearly he knew
it was going to be offensive because he
wrote it that way he wrote it to be
provocative and offensive now of course
in this world provocative and offensive
is always conflated with racist well he
was just automatic so he had to know he
had to know this was going to draw this
kind of fire but
the president's critics have put him in
the situation where it's a free pass
it's free money how many times have I
told you that one of the things that
that marks this president style and his
melissa is effectiveness is that what he
sees for free money
laying on a table he picks it up it's
just laying there it's just a big pile
of free money and everybody else says
hey we can't pick up that free money and
the president sees it and he says I'm
pretty sure this is free money does does
anybody anybody claim this money this
big pile of money on the table and
everybody says well I wouldn't touch it
I don't know I wouldn't touch it and the
president says well I guess I'll take
the free money grabs it and walks it
away and what does everybody say after
the president takes the big pile of free
money they say I saw that coming but
they didn't for the most part they
didn't see that coming in this case
here's my analogy and remember analogies
are terrible for persuasion but they're
very good for explaining a new concept
that's how I'll do I'll be using it I'm
going to explain the concept if you
imagine that all of the criticisms about
President Trump in the in the realm of
being a racist if all those together
were a big pile of manure you don't even
have to make a decision right now
whether it's all true stuff or all fake
stuff you don't even have to decide that
for what I'm talking about next but it's
a lot of it you'd agree that there that
the laundry list of things is pretty
long
adding one more thing that is yet again
one of those things that you're not
quite sure is it a whistle was it
obvious is it not obvious is he is it
technically not racist because he said
come on back he puts it right in that
ambiguous area like all of the other
stuff it's in this weird gray well it
might be racist
depending on how you look
depending what you imagine he was
thinking when he said it but not really
not on the surface so he adds so imagine
that all of the accusations so far are a
giant mound of let's say cow feces just
a giant pile of it whether it's true
stuff or even false stuff doesn't matter
just to be there's a lot of and then
this latest tweet about go back home
comes by and it's like a fly flew over
the giant pile of cow feces and the fly
pooped on it - flies poop I know
probably right I'm no fly expert but I'm
guessing they do and here's the thing
does the fly pooping on a giant pile of
poop change anything well from a physics
perspective yes there is a tiny tiny
little change to the giant pile of poop
but in a political sense no difference
it was a giant pile of poop and now a
fly pooped on top of the giant pile of
poop it's just a little more poke no
difference whatsoever so the President
had a free shot he could do this thing
and it wouldn't change anybody's opinion
but by focusing all of his energy on the
squad he elevated them to become the
face of the Democrats which essentially
destroys their entire organization now
will they recover we don't know but it
looks like it was a kill shot it looks
like he took a kill shot early just to
see because think about it
think about the risk management here if
this had had no good impact for the
president let's say it hadn't worked it
just would have been one more flyyy
popping than the big pile of poop it
wasn't much to risk and by the time you
know Election Day comes along there are
going to be a hundred and ten more
provocations and this woman will be
totally forgotten
was a free shot if it worked it would
dismantle the entire Democratic Party
with two tweets or three whatever it was
compound tweet and it worked according
to the Democrats it worked
it destroyed their party because for now
until the end they're just gonna be
arguing with each other about who is the
worst person you know is Pelosi a racist
who was in charge of the party
his socialism really their theme blah
blah blah all right now so from a risk
management perspective is something that
nobody else in the world would have done
Trump did it because he recognized it
was free money it was either gonna work
which it did or if it didn't work a
little bit of fly poop on top of a giant
mountain of poop no difference
whatsoever so that's where we are now
what is being lost in this whole
conversation remember what I like to do
quite often is I like to I like to point
out the thing that everybody is ignoring
while the magician is is making you
focus in the wrong place
all right let me say something that I
don't believe I have not heard anybody
say it as directly as I'm going to say
it and I said something similar before
but think about how this is not being
said so won't be it won't be a radical
thought it would just be a thought that
keeps that keeps being ignored and here
it is the squad the president Trump
criticized our four young people of
color all female who are killing it
these four women are super successful
more successful I would argue than any
other politicians in the whole country
in the biggest most important not
biggest but most important country at
least in economics and military in the
world who's talking about that do you
know how you get a President of the
United States to talk about you how do
you do that how does somebody get the
President of the United States to
continually insult them well you do that
by being crazy successful crazy
successful look at Omar right you don't
like Omar right yeah I know the people
watching this or mostly Trump supporters
mostly do not like Omar you don't have
to like her I'm not going to ask you to
but she's killing it she's very very
successful and coming from a very tough
situation you know literally a Somalian
immigrant who is now who's now in the
mind of the President on all of our lips
and is moving the needle that means
she's certainly moving people's opinions
etc somebody says 9 percent approval
where if we heard that before
do you know anybody else who had nine
percent approval once President Trump
President Trump once had nine percent
approval when he first started now I
would now I'd like to add another
thought that I don't think you said
enough so the first thing you're gonna
say is if you can divorce yourself from
the opinions the political opinions of
the four people and just say we live in
a country where those four people
literally you know that the people who
would most be considered what would be
the the right term I I guess if you're a
female and young the all three things if
you're female you're young you're a
person of color and especially if you
were born in another country you have a
lot working against you know yeah in
theory everything's working against you
that's the country you're in right
that's the maximum amount of
discrimination is you know age gender
ethnicity country of origin and even
religion right it's everything that's
discriminated against and what did these
four women do they're killing it they
just took over the entire Democratic
Party they're killing it
why don't we talk about that why don't
we talk about the fact that we live in a
country where for people who should buy
every law or rule or or a common-sense
thing that we know about how bigoted and
terrible the country is everything we
know or have been told should have kept
those four women from being in the
situation they are and yet they are the
talk of the town
you don't have to like them remember
people didn't like president Trump
either but you became the talk of the
town so let's not lose an amazing thing
all right what if we're talking about
this it means nothing much else is going
on this bad first of all let's remember
that if this is our topic we're talking
about a tweet if that's a topic things
are going well but beyond that that
these four women could so could have so
much influence on the Democratic Party
why don't we celebrate that why don't we
celebrate that they're in the
president's how shall I say that they're
there in his mind and their top priority
so let's not lose that that's that's
pretty cool I would say that correct me
if I'm wrong if if you took the the
squad and you replaced you took one of
them out and replace them with somebody
else who let's say was also young than
female and persons of color how much
difference would it make
well it would depend which one you
replaced if you replaced aoc you would
never have heard of any of these four
people that's what I think I mean maybe
Omar would have made
noise and then going away but the reason
that Omar is even a conversation because
that she is sort of joined with a or C
there's only one star in the group hey
I'm saying the other three are we're
sort of dingleberries they're hanging
around AOC if you took a OCS star power
and I'm gonna say talent we can say that
now right is everybody finally on board
with me with what I said I don't know
eighteen months ago or whenever I was
first saying it when I first said uh oh
AOC is the real deal you don't have to
like anything she says politically but
watch how her power will grow I told you
that early on right and some people had
similar training and backgrounds were
saying the same thing you saw Mike sort
of edge say it from day one same as I
did because we have similar similar
talents tax and so there she is I did
not say that about any of the other
people in the squad because it's not
true the other people in the squad don't
have the star power they're very capable
and I give them great credit for getting
what you know achieving what they've
achieved it's all very credit worthy but
they are not a OSA AOC is sort of her
own thing and if and if you if you took
her out of the group there would be no
such thing as a squad they would be
irrelevant it's it's a OCS star power
that even makes them a thing and their
purpose right now is simply to amplify
AOC but here's the interesting thing
what will happen if one of the members
of the squad starts working against a
overseas interests which is sort of
what's happening right now isn't it it
seems that in addition to dividing the
Democrats the president is starting to
divide the squad I'm not sure you've
seen that now we talked about each
member of the squad individually and had
something to say about them
but Presley I've never even heard of
Presley is I don't know do I even have
the right name Presley that's the name
of one of the squad I've never even
heard of her
until this week is she liked an
important part of the squad no and Talib
why is she important cuz she swore a few
times in public that's it that's it
that's her all game she swore a few
times in public irrelevant but Omar Omar
is making some noise Omar is ruining a
overseas brand do you see that do you
see that that for a short time AOC can
hang with this group because they're
they're sort of emphasizing and and
they're elevating a oversee because it
makes it look like she's a leader of a
group and that makes it look like she
has more more power but if Omar keeps
going in the wrong direction of looking
or at least being branded anti-semitic I
don't have an opinion about her in her
thoughts but she could certainly be
branded that way based on things she's
said or done
will the a OSI stick with her once she
becomes more problem than benefit
because if you were I believe that AOC s
rating would be higher if she were
separated from Omar and I'm sure that
the Republicans will make sure that she
knows that but will she do it I don't
know if she can but in order to get to
the next level
she needs to because Omar is like a ball
and chained is that racist
don't ya you have to stop every time you
say something that's any kind of an
analogy don't you have to stop these
days and say wait a minute
that was racist okay I'm gonna say I'm
gonna rule on this ball and chain says
prisoner could be racist so
so I'm gonna back that out and say and
say I'm just sort of joking about that
that's not racist I gotta use a
different analogy though AOC can't rise
because omar is an anchor omar puts the
ceiling on AO sees potential as long as
they're joined at the hip AFC can never
rise higher than she can drag omar with
her and she can't drag omar too far
because at omar's an anchor so i would
predict i don't think it necessarily
happens before 2020 but i could I
predict that AOC is going to make a
break from at least omar but certainly
the squad and she will do that when she
doesn't need them and what is clear that
there an anchor on her progress because
I'm pretty sure that a OC is sealing in
politics she's nowhere near it I you
don't want to hear that right she's
nowhere endearment the others may have
hit their their peak but AOC has not and
if she allows them to be part of her
brand well they're an anchor so I think
you could predict this you will be smart
enough to make some to put some distance
between her and the others alright
here's something fun there's a story
that there's a lot of helium-3 on the
moon which sounds very boring until you
realize that it could be a nuclear fuel
and the story said it was some kind of a
waste-free nuclear fuel I don't quite
understand that maybe March nighter can
explain that to us but the idea is that
countries and I guess Europe is gearing
up to actually mine the moon in just a
few years you know something like seven
years or something they plan to be on
the moon mining it and part of it might
be a tremendous difference in our energy
situation in other words if this
helium-3 is easy
mine or easy enough it's so valuable
that would make mining the moon
tremendously profitable I guess there
are a lot of others other things they
can mine as well up there that are
equally valuable but it could totally
change the energy situation on earth and
I ask you do any of the climate models
include mining the moon which of the
many climate predictions models say well
in 2025 we'll start mining the moon
which will totally change the energy
economics on planet earth no that's not
in there here's another little tidbit
also I think I saw this through March
nighters Twitter feed which you should
be following
apparently Indonesia just took the world
lead in nuclear energy by claiming
they're gonna fire up a thorium reactor
in just a few years if that happens and
Indonesia fires up a thorium reactor
even and and I believe even if it goes
over their budget if even if it doubles
even if they're they blow through their
budget it still looks like it's gonna be
super practical if they get it done
thorium and let's say a generation for
nuclear in general is the sort of thing
that as soon as somebody gets one
working it's gonna grow pretty fast it's
sort of like the iPhone until Apple made
an iPhone there wasn't going to be any
kind of a smartphone market but once
Apple did it then everybody could say
well I guess we need a smart phone so if
Indonesia succeeds with their thorium
reactor and it proves the economic and
the safety of everything else maybe you
could see just a ton of it happening
right after that all right let's talk
about professor Epstein PhD and Google
so there's a researcher / scientist /
very qualified guy who has made the
claim in public and in writing that
google influenced the 2016 election by
rigging it for Hillary by somewhere
between his estimate is two point six to
ten point four million votes were
manipulated in other words influenced by
Google manipulating their search engine
results now we're still blocking all the
people who up side mr. yeah let me get
the blocker so I remember I'm blocking
people complain about the audio even
though we know now that the audio was
that an actual problem with periscope
that apparently they fixed so there was
a problem with people on some devices
but it's not that it's true or false
that I have audio problems ideally you
because it interrupts the show like it
is right now don't you wish I weren't
talking about this of course you do
and I wish I weren't talking about it
too so it's nothing personal but I don't
want people complaining about the sound
on here because I can't do anything
about it all right sue so this dr.
Epstein says that millions of votes and
he's pretty confident about his
estimates
I don't know how confident you could be
about those estimates can you really be
confident about that I don't know if he
can but I guess Hillary won by three
million votes on the popular vote it
wasn't enough to get her elected because
of the electoral college but haven't you
know damn it having a different problem
now with my technology but I think it's
all
so here's the thing do we believe dr.
Epstein that Google manipulated between
two point six and ten point four million
votes and change them toward Hillary now
one thing we can believe is that it
seems reasonable reasonably true is that
he was a big Clinton supporter and still
is so the person saying that Google
rigged the election for Hillary is a
Hillary supporter so that works toward
is credibility what we don't have is
other researchers saying we checked his
work we did it independent research we
found out the same thing so we don't
have that so I don't think you can
necessarily leap to to believing that
he's he's nailed the the range or
anything else I'd need to hear from more
people but it is very compatible with
everything I know about people in life
it does seem to me that Google could
move that many votes to me that seems
common sensical doesn't mean it's true
but common sense and everything I know
about how people work and how they're
influenced by what they see it would
suggest that maybe that many votes can
move now you say you might say yourself
well it's just a few million votes but
it might represent something like the
vast majority of all the people who were
undecided so Google may have persuaded
all of the people who were undecided or
eighty percent of them do those types of
estimates think about that that's the
whole game that's not that's not just
you know tweaking things on the margin
that's the election that's the whole
thing if you can move the undecided and
according to this researcher they did
they can and they did and they did it
intentionally and they did it
successfully that's the whole election
the the only thing that stopped it from
being a deciding factor is that Trump
was more strategic you got more support
than people thought probably but he was
more strategic about the station isn't
it etc so what's gonna happen in 2020
same thing right do you see anything in
place that would stop Google from doing
exactly the same thing
and do you think they'd be better at it
four years later yeah yeah because now
they have they have four years of
experience done more than I have
something like you know five or six
years of experience by the next election
imagine Google with four to six years of
experience manipulating votes and now
they can actually find out who changed
their votes so I don't know if they've
collected this information but they
would be I said they would be wrong not
to because it's collectible they could
have the data to tell them how
successful they were think about that
they might actually know how successful
they were and they might be I actually
know specifically what people's minds
they changed last time
imagine them with that knowledge if they
know what it was about those people they
could say aha people who have these
characteristics are more likely to
change their mind we can find more of
those people because now they know the
exact demographic and let's say
personality traits lifestyle etc of
people who did it changed their minds
before they were probably just spraying
it out there and they changed a bunch of
minds but now they know who changes
minds and who doesn't the odds of them
being more effective on the second
go-round are a hundred percent a hundred
percent they'll be better at it and a
lot better this time a lot better what's
the government going to do about it
as far as I can tell nothing
do you see anything happening I don't
say anything happening and yeah I guess
Peter Thiel made the same point but
common sense should tell you the same
thing it's pretty obvious when you when
you do a google search that somebody is
deciding what you see yeah or the
algorithm which somebody created is
deciding what you see and that of course
makes a big difference the things that
come to the top or of course can have
more impact on your thinking so I'm just
gonna call it I'm just gonna call it
right now the Republic is dead that's it
the Republic that form of government
created by the founders and that has
successfully guided our civilization for
lo these few hundred years plus is gone
it's not something that might go away it
already went away the only reason it's
not obvious well no let me take that
back we don't feel the pain of it so
much because Trump got elected in anyway
but there's only one of him you probably
will get elected reelected again because
he's just got such a strong game but the
next presidents or the next candidates
whoever they are it won't be up to them
because if there are regular candidates
and they don't have the you know super
you know power of the Sun like Trump
does who can just you know Trump can
just obliterate a new cycle any way he
wants you just saw him do it this week
nobody else could do that you know maybe
I don't think anybody else could do that
but at this point Google decides who the
president is maybe not this next time
they're gonna try they'll probably get
close maybe not this time
before ever after that it's just up to
them and you know that right you know
that's true even if Epstein's numbers
don't check out you know that they can
they can control the election yes they
want to now what could change that the
only thing that could change that is an
American Revolution it worked once
remember that old American Revolution
where where the Patriots fought and took
power away from the the monarchy in
England well we just lost our republic
accidentally nobody saw coming
well some did but there weren't enough
of us and it will require an actual
revolution this time not not violence
this time we don't need to shoot anybody
this time the revolution just needs to
be a data revolution there needs to be
an uprising of the people against the
authority which is Google and some of
maybe some of the other social media
companies to a lesser extent but the
Trump administration can put in place
because they are the last the last
vestige of the Republic
Trump's administration is the last
vestige of the Republic once he's gone
Google can't be touched if Google can
get to the other side of the Trump
administration if they can last it out
they'll run the country forever whether
or not there's a you know a nominal
bunch of politicians or not if the Trump
administration puts in some kind of
oversight and I've suggested some kind
of a special court that you know some
kind of courts that can control so I've
got a court that can look at the
algorithms
fair things for happily if we don't do
that that's it that's it after the Trump
administration Google is Google is your
king all right I loved reading this I
think this was from Trey Gaudi he was
talking about Congress and he said quote
Congress has worked itself into
obscurity and irrelevance when you can
go on the floor of the house as the
president says I'm going as the
president say I'm going to do it with or
without you and Congress stands up in
cheers you have rendered that branch of
government feckless and irrelevant Gowdy
says congratulations the house doesn't
matter anymore
White House and Senate matter house
doesn't matter
so that's trey Gowdy who would be a good
authority saying that the House of
Representatives have rendered themselves
irrelevant at the same time Google has
rendered itself the kingmakers so the
government is self-destructing at the
same time that Google is rising what is
the only way to check them well the
Senate by itself is useless without the
house so the Senate has no purpose
whatsoever is the house is useless
all that leaves is the executive branch
which is stronger than ever
the executive branch if they don't have
the power on their own to regulate the
social media platforms probably won't
get done here's something interesting do
you remember when I told you that I
could sense that North Korea was getting
closer to having some kind of productive
conversation with us and I called it
before it happened and everybody was
surprised and now here we are and there
are ongoing negotiations with North
Korea doesn't seem like we're in worse
shape it looks like we're heading toward
your very
incremental e slowly but at least the
right direction which is all we really
care about the right direction
Iran is sending me signals meaning that
I'm seeing signals and their actions
that they're pretty close to talking
pretty close now some of the signals are
of course that they say they'd be
willing to talk but then they give us
requirements for talking that we're
never going to comply with so they say
they want to talk but they also make it
impossible that that conversation by
requiring us to give up things before we
even talk such as the sanctions but that
I'm looking at the small things that
they're doing such as the the fairly
minor damage of a tanker the complaining
about you know the British and now
there's a new one a new micro complaint
and it's the smallness of this that is
the story all right
so Iran state television said Thursday
that the regime have captured a foreign
tanker with a crew of 12 accused of
smuggling oil I don't even understand
why Iran is angry about anybody
smuggling oil since their entire country
is based on trying to get around
sanctions but apparently the news
doesn't even know who owns the tanker so
now Iran is moving against a tanker and
we don't even know who owns it is that
the weakest story you've ever heard it's
like well there may or may not be a
tanker that we may or may not have
captured it may or may not be actually
that other tanker from before that we
were actually just helping that's it
if you look at what Iran is doing in
reaction to the the sanctions it looks
pretty small and it looks like a country
that doesn't want to get in the shooting
war and I'm feeling
that the entire Middle East again is
down to one person's opinion the
Ayatollah he's in his 80s not gonna live
forever and probably knows at this point
there's no winning path other than peace
peace is a very winning path the
president has made that clear
you've got a great path Iran can be one
of the one of the great countries in the
world as it was once before I would
argue so somebody says it seems like
they're just buying time could be but
for what you know - do they really want
to go to the next level on nuclear stuff
because they will get wiped out they
have to know that I think Iran has to
know that if I go to a certain level
with this stuff
we will pull the trigger it's pretty
clear that President Trump would pull
the trigger if he needed to I think they
know that we're at least they're worried
about it enough so I'm gonna call it
that we've never been this close to
peace in the Middle East because Iran is
sort of the the key to the larger peace
in the region everybody else is kind of
on board at this point and if the
Palestinians are not they would be
isolated to the point of irrelevance so
Iran is the key and they're there right
on the edge might be another year could
be two years before things get serious
in terms of talking but they're right on
the edge I think you're gonna see
something positive there all right that
is all I have for today does anybody
have any questions
somebody says why is it ran the key
there Iran is the key because there's
the last major country in the region
there still wants to be trouble
everybody else has either said okay I
guess we can live with Israel or they're
not really much trouble to begin with
all right oh just a correction people
informed beyond
Twitter so I'd ask the question why
would turkey who is a NATO ally buy
Russian stuff and why do we care if they
have some missile defense because
they're their NATO after all but the
argument is if they have Russian
anti-aircraft missiles in technology and
they also have American f-35s that they
can use the technology on the Russian
equipment to learn more about the honor
the signal that comes off of the f-35 or
how it operates so it would make the
f-35 s in general around the world more
vulnerable if one country had both an
f-35 and Russian technology so having
them in the same country allows them to
look at each other and gather data about
each other in a way that you couldn't as
easily otherwise that's the argument I'm
not sure if I buy that entirely but
let's let's go with that all right now
Turkey is begging to be back in the f-35
program oh do I still think
come come Allah Harris is going to be
the nominee yes so I'm sticking with
Michael Harris prediction is it not
obvious that the Democrats who know
things know that Biden can't win right
I'm right about that or like the Biden
just can't win and it also seems that
Bernie is getting no respect so I think
Bernie's poll numbers have topped I
don't think that they're going any
higher in what happens when Bernie drops
out where will Bernie's votes go to if
bernie is not the nominee think about
that I would argue that Bernie has all
the votes that will go to Warren and
Harris so Warren and Harris should take
a big pop should Bernie decide to get
out and
and maybe you will I mean you can
imagine Bernie getting out on principle
saying to himself well it doesn't look
like I can win but I could throw my
support to one of these other characters
who have a better chance and that would
be that would be a tough package if if
Bernie said I'm going to throw my
hundred percent support behind Warren or
Harris that could put him over the top
now I would think that Warren is closer
to Bernie in terms of policy I don't
know if I'm right or wrong about that
but even if all he did was just release
release his supporters by not being
viable or just quitting you're gonna see
Biden drop into second place maybe third
place fairly quickly actually that if if
Bernie dropped out I think Biden would
drop the third place overnight right
probably all right yes so area 51 is
going to be stormed by a bunch of people
and I gotta say I wish I were there that
sounds like the craziest thing of course
they might all be killed by security
forces trying to get into a top-secret
government facility but sounds like a
great party until that happens all right
to give qumola cred yeah all right so
I'm gonna stick with Harris as the
likely nominee she's gonna have to up
her game she did so in the debates if
she has one more good debate where she
she lands a few blows I think she'll be
the presumed nominee all right I will
talk to you all later