buh-buh-buh-buh hey everybody is time
for coffee with Scott Adams that's me
and you don't need much to enjoy coffee
with Scott Adams no you don't you're
probably already prepared many of you
you're sitting there hand-done cup ready
to go but if you're not all you need is
a cup of bugger class a tanker
challenger stein a canteen Joker flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure of
the dopamine the end of the day the
thing that makes is everything better
the site will tidy except here are Cubs
go I would say that is beverage
delicious beverage deliciou so what a
fun day I don't know if there are
horrible things happening in the world
somewhere but the news is not reporting
on those horrible things today mostly is
reporting on funded interesting and
weird things about politics and others
so I'm happy about that
president Trump retweeted I don't think
I'm wrong I think he retweeted two memes
yesterday by carpe doubt them you know
one about the impeachment process itself
and that an older one there was a big
hint they showed him in office you know
into infinity so the fact that Trump
tweeted it out was something while he's
being accused of trying to be a king or
a dictator who will will be in office
for life he tweets out the Beame of him
being president for life now nobody
nobody will ever troll this well he is
the best troller of all time I say this
a lot but the problem that his critics
have in understanding him is that he
adjusts his technique for each platform
so when he's giving a row
speech he goes into Trump you know
stand-up comedy mode and he hit he
crushes it he's really just great at
just being entertaining in front of a
crowd when he goes into a meeting with a
foreign leader he acts like a you know
more like a regular president and
subdued and polite and all that
professional yeah but what he's on
Twitter here's the part they don't get
being on Twitter is not where you take
your normal personality I mean you can
there's nothing to prevent you from
taking your adorable personality to
Twitter but if you do nobody's gonna
retweet you because Twitter is a place
where there's a certain I don't culture
expectation style fashioned whatever you
want to call it in which things are a
little a little amped up you know
hyperbole is a little more understood
and accepted everything's a little bit
more and in that world Trump absolutely
rules he just becomes a a Twitter
personality in the best possible way and
he tweets the most provocative stuff
that doesn't hurt anybody nobody gets
hurt it just makes people's head hair
catch on fire and their heads explode so
best tweet best Twitter tweeter ever the
president all right Nate Silver who of
course as you know is famous for being
an expert on statistics on elections and
stuff like that he had a tweet in which
he said that the Iowa situation with the
the votes still coming in feels a little
like a simulation where somebody's you
know like we're living in a simulation
and the creator of the simulation is
just testing some different outcomes so
now what if we do this yeah what if we
tweaked it a little bit like this
now I thought it was a of course people
sent it to me because he talked about
the simulation but I I proposed this to
you people who are experts on the odds
just understanding what is likely versus
what is less likely
I have a feeling that almost all of them
believe that were a simulation because
the entire argument is based on the odds
and the odds are overwhelmingly in favor
of the fact that we're not an original
you know organic species that were a
simulation so it would be no surprise
that somebody was literally famous for
being an expert on the statistics would
at least have some affection for that
idea
he doesn't say he's a believer so I
don't want to put any words in his mouth
but it wouldn't be a surprise it would
be the most adorable thing of the world
all right remember my prediction filter
that said the best movie script is why
you can depend on happening in politics
in other words if there are two
potential paths you know could come out
this way or things could come out this
way and you don't know there's just no
way to know which one is more likely
always better the best movie now does it
work every time yeah but it's a little
subjective but in this case the best
movie for Iowa would be a photo finish
and here we are turns out that as the
results continue coming in Bernie has
closed the gap with Budaj edge he's
pulled further ahead in terms of popular
vote Bernie has giving him really I
would say fairly credible grounds to say
he won he won at the same time boo judge
has slightly more delegates so he can
say he won but here's the fun part
there's still one one area that hasn't
reported and if they report the same you
know sort of percentage distribution as
everybody else Sanders comes from behind
and wins you know hasn't happened yet
but smart people are saying ah by the
time you count that other district if
that district unless it's some kind of a
weird outlier it's gonna put Sanders in
the lead now am I wrong that that was
the best movie script
you see this right once you see it it's
it's just it's maddening how often it
happens and I can't think of any reason
why I can't think of any logical cause
of the fact reason maybe it's a could it
be just a delusion is a cognitive
dissonance is a confirmation bias am i
hallucinating that whatever we're trying
to predict one of these political things
and I think it works best in the
political realm by the way not in every
realm not in science for example but in
the political realm here we are it was
exactly the best movie script so doesn't
work every time but keep an eye on them
alright I guess Sanders hauled in 25
billion dollars which is a lot
so Sanders is on a on a rage and once
again I point out how many times do we
have to see a mistake that works against
Bernie Sanders how many times we have to
see a rules change that coincidentally
works against Bernie Sanders just keep
an eye on it see if there's any kind of
a pattern all right sue moly Hemingway
had the the best quote about Mitt Romney
being the being the trainer who who
turned it bipartisan so apparently
apparently the vote was bipartisan
because because one person one
Republican voted to convict on one
account so I guess that's bipartisan and
so I tweeted that Benedict Arnold
doesn't get enough credit for making the
Revolutionary War bipartisan because you
probably thought it was a partisan war
the United States against you know Great
Britain you know the the well it wasn't
the United States but the colonists
against Great Britain that's probably
what you thought but no it turns out it
was more of a bipartisan war because
Benedict Arnold changed sides and
apparel
you only need one if one person changes
sides your bipartisan so it gives me a
whole new whole new opinion about the
Revolutionary War I thought it was one
side against the other but it was
strangely bipartisan thanks to that one
guy Jonathan Turley famous
constitutional scholar lawyer type as
well as back gates independently are
going after Pelosi for ripping up those
papers
I think totally was her to resign or be
censor censured or something back eights
thinks maybe she she should be that
enough she should be somehow penalized I
don't know the details censured or
something else based on destroying
destroying government documents now I'm
a big back gates fan and I think he will
most likely be a future president maybe
2024 because he's coming on fast but I'm
not so sure that Pelosi destroyed
government documents in a room full of
the same document so I'm not going to
say this is a strongest argument but
from a political perspective it's very
entertaining and one of the things that
Matt Gaetz understands better than most
people in politics which is one of his
super powers it is how to get attention
and how to you know how to capture your
imagination how to make you look at his
direction and he's doing it again so
from a persuasion perspective not bad
not bad pretty good play alright so far
that correct me if I'm wrong but I
talked about this a lot people don't
remember everything that happens it
would be impossible so we we shortcut
the trick to what we need to remember so
we we sort of don't pay attention to
things that work the way they're
supposed to work when things are working
okay we say okay that's the part I don't
have to pay attention to that's all
working okay your brain is designed to
ignore things that are normal and
exceptions
other things you remember so what are
you going to remember about the
Democratic Party and their
accomplishments
for the past several months well I
correct me if I'm wrong but I only
remember two things I remember that they
failed at running a caucus well three
things they fail that the Russia
collusion thing they failed to run a
good caucus and they failed at an
impeachment can you remember anything
else the Democrats did in the last I
don't know year now I believe the truth
is correct me if I'm wrong but if the
truth is I think a whole bunch of you
know lesser bills have been approved in
a bipartisan way the u.s. MCA was
approved in a bipartisan way and a bunch
of other stuff too but we think of the
u.s. MCA as more of trumps
accomplishment don't we so even though
the Democrats were productive that you
know one matter it doesn't feel like it
the way we remember it is that it's
Trump's accomplishment so correct me if
I'm wrong the only things we know about
the Democrats the parts that are
memorable are three failures and they're
gigantic ones I mean the Russia
collusion thing was one of the biggest
failures of all political in history the
impeachment was another gigantic failure
not only that but it was a failure that
you knew would be a failure before you
started that's as hard as you could fail
and then of course running a caucus that
without didn't go well either all right
so things are bad for Democrats here's
here's what Stefan Collinson might be
Stephan Stephan I can never remember how
to pronounce any of the Stefan Stevens
so mr. Collinson writes for CNN this is
an actual sentence that he wrote but the
underlying cause of impeachment okay
wait a minute we're gonna learn the
underlying cause of impeach
you probably thought the underlying
cause was that Democrats are angry
because they're not in power they're
just trying to get rid of the president
so they could take power back you might
have thought that was the underlying
cause of an impeachment but mr. Khalid
said it's going to tell us what the real
underlying cause of impeachment was he
says but the underlying cause of
impeachment maybe most maybe the most
crucial issue on the ballot and that he
tells us what that underlying cause of
impeachment was he says the president's
determination to wield sweeping
unrestrained power and his refusal to
accept the checks and balances invested
in Congress
what what what weird reality is he
living in what what does he know about
the president's inner thoughts the
president's determination how determined
is the president to quote wield sweeping
powers and have a understand have
unrestrained power I can't read the
president's mind either but if I had to
place a bet I would confidently place a
bet if there were if there were some way
to check the president's inner secret
thoughts maybe I'd be certain about it I
would place a very large bet that he has
never once had this thought how can i
wield sweeping unrestrained power I
don't think that's ever even crossed his
mind do you I think probably every
situation he looks at he figures you
know what's what's the best most you
know what's the most I can do in this
situation
but would that be every president is
there a president who says I have this
much power but you know I don't want to
take it to the limit I have this much
power but I'm only going to use half of
it to get stuff done said nobody will
will we ever have a president who has
this much power but only decides to use
half of it because it doesn't want to
look like a king doesn't want to look
like he's wielding the sweeping powers
doesn't want to look like he has
unrestrained powers so I better all use
half of my powers never we're not gonna
have that president and if we do we
should impeach him or her if there's a
president who fails to use the powers of
the office to get the work done of the
people that's no president I want the
president I want most is the one who
uses a hundred percent of the powers
given and then it pushes a little bit
more that's the sweet spot that's the
one you want if I were to describe three
types of presidents let's say
hypothetically you don't know anything
else about the president it's not Trump
it's just a president and you have three
choices one who does not use the power
of the office only uses a fraction of
the power of the office that's one
choice another one does be trying to
become a king and and just ignores
everything it just tries to become a
king well you know what Alan I would
argue that the very best look for a
president in terms of efficiency and
effectiveness there's somebody who
readily uses a hundred percent of the
power that's given it just pushes a
little bit extra that's the one you want
if you don't get that one I don't care
who it is I don't care if it's Elizabeth
Warren I don't care if it's Obama I
don't care if it's Bernie Sanders they
should use all the power of the office
push it a little bit more just to find
out if they've used it all if they can't
if they in an obstacle called Congress
or if they had an obstacle called the
people or if they hit an obstacle called
the law well that they've pushed far
enough but I know what the president who
doesn't push that's not the personality
you want as a leader you want a leader
who says I'm taking everything you're
giving me you try to get a little bit
more you know we'll just push it a
little bit find out where that limit is
any good negotiator would do the same
thing so that's in the CNN world that's
what's happening there's a dictator he's
a dictator he's
expanded the powers of the office now he
just beat he beat a coup beating the
coup attempt doesn't really expand the
powers of the presidency I will we ever
see an example so the people who are
crafting this view of the world this
filter of reality is that it's a it's a
president who's got too much power now
but what does that predict well it
predicts that you would see him using
that power in a way that the public
would regard as done their best interest
do you think you're gonna see that do
you think you'll see President Trump
abusing his new power that he got
because of this impeachment process to
do things that his base the people who
voted for him don't want vote you know
of predicting against that I think that
he will push wherever wherever he
promised wherever his base was to push
you gonna expect that but that's okay
maybe that's how the system works all
right where are all the people from a
year ago and two years ago and three
years ago who's said to be Scott Scott
Scott you poor ignorant bastard don't
you understand this simple truth trade
wars never work let me say it again
Scott you dub dub bastard I don't have
you not been paying attention to all of
human history there's one thing we know
with complete certainty trade wars do
not work and I it by an invisible way
you said sure they do
sure they do they totally work what's
the alternative give the other side
everything they want how does that work
how does giving an enemy country you
know roughly speaking at a big country
let's say China how does it work to give
them everything they want that's bad for
us well was that the other choice no I
said trade wars
wait for it work every time trade wars
work every time well but there's a catch
for the strongest party we were the
strongest party if China had started to
trade deal with us well probably a bad
idea if Vietnam starts a trade war with
the United States I'm gonna say that
probably won't work out for Vietnam so
you have to have a little bit of
sophistication when you're looking at
the individual situations and say now in
the situation where one has a lot of
power and a super strong economy and the
other has a Trembley economy and much
less power and depends on you and they
have an unfair trade trade situation
already that's just grossly unfair under
that specific situation I would expect a
trade war to work every time you just
have to stick with it and that's what
the president did the president stuck
with it that was the only thing he had
to do because it wasn't anyway you lose
if you're the stronger power and you've
got you know more margin in your economy
and more safety and so that's where we
are but I don't see any of those people
who mock me mercilessly for being so
dumb to think that trade wars could work
you know there's a u.s. MCAS your your
other example where are they now I would
expect those people to come out and say
Scott you know I was so wrong back then
I would like to apologize to you Scott
because well let me call in Dale Dale
don't you owe me an apology for saying
that trade words never work yes I do
Scott I would like to be completely out
of character and say that you are not
only correct you are wise beyond your
years and you had a lot of years
muhahahaha you can a lot of you it's
called you old you're wise beyond your
years
trade wars do work under certain
circumstances and you were right about
that
you were so so right see Thank You Dale
it's almost like I was putting those
words in your mouth all right let's see
what else we got going on it's it's a
weird it's a weird day because there was
so much news yesterday yes somebody's
saying breaking news China has cut
tariffs by 50% on some imports so I
don't know how big a deal that is but
sounds like a big deal somebody's
apologizing to me here on the comments
Scott I was wrong I'm sorry all right
so well some intrepid intrepid democrats
tweeted i think it was a response to
somebody saying something bad about
nancy pelosi and this person tweets
allure be web pelosi sexually assault
somewhat mocks the disabled tears a
child from their parents pays off a porn
star insults a gold star family calls
nazis fine people deny science steals
from a charity or starts a fake
university until then take a seat so i
just for my own entertainment i waited
to this conversation and i noted that
several of things on the list didn't
happen they're just fake now what do you
think happened to be what i waded into
this little democrat nest to tell them
that their list of what they believe
about the world several of them are fake
news did that go well for me do you
think people said oh well thanks for the
correction it's a good thing you told us
because we thought of this was all true
so I I baited them for a while and they
kept saying oh yeah oh yeah you see
something you Scott you think there's
something on that list
that's fake well let's see your link
let's see your evidence you know if you
Scott if you think there's something
fake on this list
can you give me any link I'm waiting and
of course as idiots on Twitter do if it
takes you five minutes to respond to a
tweet they'll start saying crickets you
know waiting well apparently you had
nothing it's been five minutes I
couldn't imagine that you have anything
going on in your life except to respond
to randos on Twitter so I guess you got
nothing and person after person I said
yeah there's plenty of evidence it's
been strongly debunked but I
intentionally didn't give them the link
until they were really riled up I don't
feel I'm not proud of it I'm not proud
of what happened next
but it happened I got them really
excited about how crazy I am and how
there's no evidence of it being debunked
and then I sent him a link to Steve
Cortez his video they did from Prague
review thoroughly debunking the fine
people oaks and then of course he got
real quiet and then I waited a little
bit and I sent the debunking link for
the the the the hoax that he mocked a
disabled guy with a bad heart because if
you see the compilation clip you can see
that he uses that same motion for lots
of people including what he mocked Ted
Cruz so and of course before I sent any
of these links I really wound him up and
I said you know the people on the right
have seen what you see but they've also
seen the debunking but you've never seen
their debunking so so you're in a silo
so I got people all wound up about being
into new silo and then subs of that so
then I got the people who said oh it's
Scott so and of course they use that
tell if you start a word a sentence with
so so you're saying whatever follows
that is just ridiculous it's not
something you're saying so they said so
you so tell us got tell us God which
wishes these things on this terrible
list of accusations are you
okay with because you said some of them
are fake so tell me which one you're
okay with Scott are you okay with you
know sexual assault Scott are you okay
with with stealing from a charity or
starting to fake University paying a
poor sir which one of those are you okay
with to which I said I didn't say I was
okay with anything but I'll tell you
what I haven't yet told them there's
some things that well let me put it in a
better way I'm interested in your best
interests
yours the people watching this periscope
right now as well as the people of
debating a twitter who have very
different views of what I'm interested
in I'm getting the best deal I want them
to have the safest country I want them
to have the you know the best economy
I want them to have good jobs another
way to get there is to not care that the
president paid a porn star okay can you
get over that it if your best way to
have a good life is to simply not care
does somebody paid a porn star can you
do that is that too hard because I don't
care I don't care at all somebody says
in the comments she paid him which i
think is technically true because of the
the lawsuits or whatever she ended up
paying his court costs I think which is
funny then there are other things like
the stealing for the charity of the fake
University the charity one this this was
the legal system to handle I don't think
we've heard we haven't heard the whole
story
you know if something bad happened there
he paid for it does that affect you does
it affect me not really
and as far as Trump University people
who don't understand to have a licensing
work have a different view of what that
was I am somebody who licenses or have
license lots of things so I've license
Dilbert properties to people who make
different kinds of products they put it
on those
when I license Dilber to my calendar
maker or by reprint bookmaker
they do an amazing job that they really
turn my content into more than it would
have been by the form they put it in at
cetera so that's a really good license
to deal but there are other licenses
I've I've granted and I got paid for it
which they turned it into a product that
wasn't so good yeah it was good enough
that I ultimately approved you know it
was a t-shirt or you know something like
that but nobody bought it so there are
certainly cases where I license things
but I don't have control over the
outcome Trump licenses the name Trump to
a whole variety of things including
people who build buildings and put the
Trump name on it
I think you could fact check me on this
but I doubt that Trump knew a lot about
what was going on with Trump University
so what they said was he started to fake
University I don't think that was his
intention do you do you think there was
any time that the president was
presented with this opportunity and they
said okay it's all a scam well we're
gonna put you know if you want we'll put
your name on it you can share in the
scam do you think that conversation ever
happened I don't think so I don't think
so
far more likely some people he knew or
trusted incorrectly as it turns out told
them that everything would be great and
all I did is for him to make a video and
say he's associated with it put his name
on it and they'll do the rest was he
aware of what they were doing
and that they were they were not
producing something of value
well eventually he was and then it
became a big legal problem but I doubt
that's what his intention was because
really why would you it wouldn't make
any sense
so when you go down this list under he
insulted a gold star family how much
does that affect you did did your 401k
go down because that time in 2016 he
insulted a gold star family after they
insulted in first
did that make any difference to you I
don't think so
didn't make me less safe to make me less
money it didn't do anything so the
Democrats are living this this world of
awfulness in which they they believe
that Trump called Nazis fine people
didn't happen you could just check the
transcript he sent the opposite of that
that T he mocked a disabled guy didn't
happen you could check the compilation
clips to see that uses that same gesture
all the time sexually assaulted someone
not that I know of
I know there are allegations but I'm not
aware of anything credible so I don't
know how to deal with allegations that
are not credible tears a child from
their parents put it in context same
thing to Obama dead and it was better
than the alternatives because the
alternative was to let the traffickers
take the child into the United States
and have them sexually abused for years
that was the other choice because the
the separating the parents for the kids
that was the only way the only way they
could do it given the resources they had
there says he did I science is that true
first of all is there anybody who would
deny science anybody anybody
there's nobody would deny science what
they're talking about is climate change
when he when he said that I just saw
another quote he said you know parts of
it or hoax
now the last time he used the word hoax
at least on video in which he was
talking about climate change he was
careful to say there there parts of it
that are hoaxes and I think that's true
that is just true the the part about the
wild hysteria the part about the you
know all the predictions that have been
made that haven't worked the part about
the Paris Accord where we would spit you
know we would lose a lot but we would
gain anything there are a whole bunch of
parts of it that are clearly you know
questionable but given that he has just
approved two trillion trees
and the only reason for the tree is
there's no other reason other than
climate change that kind of puts him
squarely on the same side as the
scientists because you wouldn't do the
trees unless there was some reason so I
don't think he's been good a the climate
question so I'm a critic of the way he's
handled it because I think he should be
pushing nuclear much harder and making
you know making up making a positive
argument instead of just a negative
argument about it or a passive approach
planting trees is bordering on passive
anyway so looking at how the Democrats
see the world is a combination of things
that don't matter allegations that have
never been proven to any reasonable
standard and stuff that it literally
didn't happen and that's their worldview
it's completely constructed from fake
news and not knowing what's important
now were the people that I was dealing
with were they Economist's if you guess
now you'd be correct were the people I
was arguing with about this topic were
they scientists no no were they artists
yeah they were the other word no
surprise all right if any of you enjoyed
the prank I suggested no I don't think I
have to suggest this prank because I
think it was going to happen anyway but
I like it better framing it as a prank
because it's more fun and the prank goes
like this and by the way this is a
long-term multi-decade prank this is not
a prank that you run for a week and then
reveal it this one you just you just
live with because it's so funny it goes
like this
insisting that the president was not
impeached because he was acquitted that
sort of erases the record
now of course the Democrats have said it
doesn't matter if the Senate votes one
way or the other the house is a peach
them so he's forever an impeached
president they have their argument I
don't care if it's true or false that's
not the point
it's worth thinking in other words we're
just we're just deciding which our
favorite words are to assign to the
thing that we all agree happened because
we all watch the same set of facts it's
not adding anything to it
to say he was impeached forever he
wasn't impeached doesn't change anything
because we're all looking at the same
set of facts we're just putting
different labels on them so the prank is
to insist that it's a demonstrated fact
that he was not impeached and don't ever
argue the details this is the prank part
never argue the details just say well
they tried it was a failed impeachment
so therefore he wasn't a peach they
tried they failed don't give any other
arguments just say yeah they made it he
could try it just didn't happen
there was no impeachment it will drive
Democrats absolutely crazy because they
will be sure that you should adopt the
way they label it you don't have to you
can simply say he wasn't a peached
and by the way you have Alan Dershowitz
on your side famous constitutional
scholar and someone who was on the
winning team in defending the president
and by the way which arguments what the
day of all the people who argued stuff
you know there were a number of lawyers
arguing things in the entire Pietschmann
which one was the only one that mattered
Alan Dershowitz it's the only one that
mattered because he's the one who gave
the the Republicans complete cover to
say these are not even a beatable there
are no impeachable allegations doesn't
work that way and that's how the vote
went I think most people covered their
political butts by agreeing with Alan
Dershowitz so let's agree with them
again because he says no impeachment
happened because if you don't go all the
way into completion
his analogy and
you know you do what I say about
analogies I'll just tell you what he
said it's not logical but it's kinda
persuasive is that it's it's similar to
being accused of a crime and then you go
to court and they find you not guilty
you're not still the guy who maybe did a
little bit of crime but wasn't found
guilty you're just called innocent or
not guilty but we'd call that innocent
and practical in a practical sense so I
agree with dersh ones all right I want
to run by you oh here's one another
interesting story in Washington State
High School Principal got placed on
administrative leave over a Facebook
comment this was on her personal
Facebook in which she was she said
something about Kobe Bryant and this is
Lisa said Korra principal at commis High
School wrote on her personal Facebook
page
she's deleted it but she said quote not
gonna lie
seems to be the car got caught up with a
rapist today talking about Kobe now she
got put on administrative leave for that
to keep in mind that was her personal
page I'm gonna go out on a limb here
what percentage of adult women have not
been sexually molested or raped what
would you guess and I think the manot of
the women might have different guesses
what percentage of adult American women
will just say American adult American
women what percentage by the time there
she looked at the picture like she's in
her 40s maybe early 40s by time they
were in their early 40s what percentage
have been sexually molested and or raped
seeing numbers go by from 25 percent to
50 percent 60 40 70 percent ninety nine
point five forty nine I don't know the
answer but my estimate is a hundred
percent
a hundred percent and I think I could
defend that do you know how I could
defend that ask any woman you know and
I'm gonna say by a certain age let's say
by the age of 45 ask anybody over the
age of 45 if they've been sexually
molested and/or raped woman it's gonna
be a hundred percent I think it is you
know there there are women I'm not going
to name names but I know women who get
sexually you know molested and were
abused in some way on such a regular
basis it's like once a month
once a week maybe it's so common that
there just becomes part of the tapestry
of their life in a horrible way so
here's my assumption without knowing so
it's just speculation this principal
Liza is probably in the same class as
just about every other woman in America
in which she's had a bad experience with
a rapist or a molester do I have a
problem with the fact that she said on
her personal Facebook page that karma
caught up to Kobe I do not object to
that I do not object to that even a
little so I'm going to say I'm totally
in support of this principle she got
she's on the administrative leave it
could be that they just do that so they
look into it a little more or maybe
she's still getting paid but I think
this is unfair because her opinion was
first of all a personal opinion - very
personal I would guess I'm guessing
again just speculating because every
woman in the United States gets sexually
molested I'm guessing that this is
personal to her I completely support
that opinion you know you don't have to
agree with the opinion that's a
different question but I absolutely
support her her ability to say this in
public without repercussions so
but I hope that turns out well for her
anyway I want to give you a a an
investment philosophy now I have to say
this before during and then after this
is not investment advice I am NOT giving
you investment advice and I'll go
further if you were to take investment
advice from a cartoonist you would not
be smart that would not be a good idea I
I do not invest above average the
meeting I begged no claim that I'm
better at it then you know flipping a
coin because I'm not I have no evidence
that I am and so I'll just tell you an
investment philosophy just to think
about you know just put it put it with
all of your other investment
philosophies and it goes like this
and I've I've used this technique to
good effect I invest in companies that I
can't avoid buying their products so
when remember when gas prices were
spiking years ago and I would buy gas
and I would say to myself if I had a
choice
a buy gas or not buy gas I would I would
not buy gas or I'd buy something else
but I didn't really feel like I had a
choice and so I bought some stock in an
index fund of you know gas companies
basically oil companies and it did well
so I I bought stock in a company or a
group of companies because that was
safer so we safer to buy a basket of
companies than what because I didn't
have a choice of buying their product
and that was all I that's all I looked
at if you don't have a choice
here's another one several years ago I
bought a bunch of stock in Apple well
that's our Dow pretty well as you might
imagine it's up a hundred sixty percent
or something since I bought it now the
reason I bought it was not because of
their their pee ratio not because of
their earnings not because who
recommended it I bought it from one
reason I owned Apple equip
and would I go to buy a new phone I
don't really have a choice I mean I do I
could switch to Android but it's so much
trouble and it's not going to be a
better product how we really have a
choice and now I've got this whole
constellation of Apple products to sort
of work together they're not iCloud and
now I've just locked in so I bought
Apple stock because I didn't have a
choice
about buying their products I just just
yesterday I bought another pair of
earbuds if you haven't tried the air
buds by the way they're not for
everybody some people don't like the way
they feel in their ear or they fall out
or whatever but if if you do like them
they're one of the most amazing products
I've ever seen in my life
not just for headphones but in all
products ever made in the history of the
world the Apple earbuds are superstars I
mean it doesn't get much attention but
my god are those well designed I mean
just crazy good engineering into those
things you know from the user interface
everything but look the feel so I bought
Apple stock recently I bought some
Amazon stock not because I thought it
was a good price because it looks like
it's not the p/e ratio is way too high
etc but here's the thing
try not buying stuff from Amazon good
luck with that I mean it's possible you
could drive to the store you don't have
to buy from Amazon but in a practical
sense I kind to do I mean it's just so
much easier and the the selection is
better and the physical store never has
what I want I don't have a really much
of a choice so I bought their stock that
it went up recently I bought some stock
in Twitter a few months ago now it's not
because I think Twitter's earnings are
spectacular they're peas great nothing
like that it's just that if I want to be
a citizen who cares about politics I
have to be on Twitter I don't have a
choice
big on Facebook wouldn't get me there
right so Twitter is another one of those
companies that for some percentage of
the public if they want to be engaged in
you know thoughts and ideas and politics
and and stuff like that they kind of
have to be on Twitter so I'm not saying
you should buy any of those companies so
let me say that again as clearly as
possible do not take financial advice
from cartoonists it's a bad bad idea
yeah
Twitter's up 15% today on on lots of new
users so exactly what I was saying is
that you kind of don't have a choice
especially going into an election year
if you want to know what's going on you
kinda need to get into Twitter so I'm
not telling you you should buy into any
of those I'm really not telling you to
buy any of those but all of that and by
the way this advice I got from a a
billion so the advice I'm giving you is
the same advice I got from a billionaire
now I'm not going to name the
billionaire it's one of the famous ones
but in a private conversation told me
that he only invests in monopolies now
he laughed when he said monopoly because
he said we don't call it that we call it
the network effect meaning that if you
joined Facebook good luck going to
Facebook's competitor because they don't
really have one right so you would
invest this is an example I think he's
probably invested in Facebook I don't
know that for sure
buy anything that you just can't avoid
he invested it and that's why he's a
billionaire among other reasons all
right so put that out there that's all I
have for today
wasn't word Buffett you'll you'll never
guess turns out there were so many
billionaires so many billionaires it's
not Peter Thiel no all right so that's
you would never guess so don't even try
all right I will talk to you later