um hey everybody hey Kevin come on in
here good to see you
Tyler you're only so fast two fifteen
twenty twenty nobody has faster fingers
than you do
hey Jack good to see you thanks for
inviting your followers well welcome to
coffee with Scott Adams and today will
be probably the best simultaneous sip of
your life I feel as though they just
keep getting better you don't need much
all you need to participate in the
simultaneous hippies
say it with me sing-along a cup or a mug
or glasses and if there's time jealous
tank with this thermos flask canteen
Grail goblet vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the dopamine hill of
the day the thing that makes everything
better
the simultaneous it go sublime
well let's talk about all the news we
got a lot of funny stuff happening my
favorite story I don't think there's
anything funnier than people who were on
the other team making mistakes I don't
know why I find that especially funny
cuz you get the you get the humor
element but you get the shot and Freud
at the same time it's not just funny
it's funny and it's bad for people on
the other team so Matt Lewis who is
apparently a very vocal nevertrump er
proudly tweets that they have decided to
turn president Trump's comment that
never Trump errs are a quote human scum
they decided to cleverly flip it around
turn it from a negative into a positive
because you've seen other people do that
remember when Hillary Clinton called
Trump supporters deplorable well within
minutes there were hats and t-shirts the
said I'm a deplorable and adorable
deplorable we're all deplorable and it
worked really well didn't it turned a
negative into a positive and so Matt
Lewis and the never Trump errs I'm not
sure exactly who was behind the shirt
decided to do the same play except it
was the same play without understanding
what makes the play work which is the
funny part
now when Hillary Clinton said Trump
supporters are deplorable consider that
word deplorable we all know that what it
means is somebody who's got bad
qualities in some sense but does the
word itself have much baggage with it
it does not the word the word itself is
just kind of cute deplorable you know
you're a little deplorable - you know
who else is deplorable
my spouse we're all deplorable just the
word sounds cute I don't think I don't
think there's one Trump supporter who
heard the word deplorable and ever
thought well that's bad it just sounds
funny so when the Trump supporters
almost universally said yeah let's make
a shirt out of this business
they were accurately and correctly
saying to themselves this word doesn't
really work as an insult but it works
really well as a as a rallying cry
and so they flipped it around turned it
from the negative into a positive and
may actually have been one of the
important keys to Trump's victory
because it certainly painted Hillary in
a bad light and so we see the never
Trump purse seeing how successful it is
when and I think there's some other
examples that don't come to mind where
people have flipped
around something like remember when fake
news was a term used against President
Trump and against everybody on his side
and then the president took that fig
news and he he flipped it around and
made it something that was an insult to
his opponents and sold it and branded it
now you barely remember that it was ever
used against him because he flipped it
around successfully so one thing never
Trump errs love to do that wouldn't they
like to take something and just flip it
around so they tried to do this by me by
making a t-shirt that I'm not even
making this up I swear to God it they
actually did this this says on the front
of the shirt proud to be here this is on
the shirt proud to be human scum proud
to be human scum never trouble 2020
forget about the fact that never Trump
2020 includes in it as the operative
part of the phrase Trump 2020 it
actually says Trump 2020 on their shirt
now it says never Trump but if I've
taught you anything
the brain doesn't process words like you
know not and never it just sort of
flushes those upon delivery so the
opposition the Trump is producing a
shirt that actually says Trump 2020 on
it and that's not even the worst part
and whereas part of it is if you haven't
seen it
the lettering you have to see the
lettering so look at my look at my
Twitter feed look at my Twitter feed and
see the actual picture of shirt they
made the lettering look like sperm looks
like a sex accident happened of the
shirt and it just happened before form
the letters humans come on an adorable
gray shirt good best day ever and that's
not even the funniest thing that
happened today apparently there was a
study that found that people who watch
fox news think the economy the united
states is doing pretty well and people
who watch MSNBC mostly don't think the
economy is doing well don't even know
they live in the country with the
world's strongest economy of all time of
all time the world's strongest economy
in 13.8 billion years of honor of the
universe and there has never been a
stronger economy than ours right now and
the people who watch MSNBC don't even
know they're living in a country with
the strongest economy in the history of
civilization so that was funny now what
about this Katy Hill story are you
watching that even so Katy Hill I guess
she's a politician California politician
and she had
an interesting personal life which
included some men and some women and a
husband and their girlfriends at the
same time and apparently it was okay
with the husband and it's a mother I
don't know some other rumors around that
but the the fun part is that there are
photos of her one where she's naked and
brushing the hair of a woman she has
some relationship with another one where
she's naked and doing a bomb and I was
looking at this and I'm thinking I'm
pretty sure this was designed to make me
like her less but I I think I don't
think this really works as a negative in
California you know as a Californian I
can speak to this with some authority
the fact that there are naked pictures
of somebody smoking a bong or having a
relationship a woman having a
relationship with another woman and
another band at the same time there's
not a single negative in that at all
there's not a single negative now there
are other you know other complaints of
matters they have some substance but I
don't think this hurt her at all I I've
got a feeling that her earnings
potential went up now there are some
people who were saying we don't want to
tweet the pictures because it's his
revenge porn but I've never seen revenge
porn their work to the benefit of the
alleged victim I'm pretty sure she's
gonna command this ahead one way or
another one way or another I think she's
gonna come out of this end anyway I have
nothing negative to say about her I just
think that well I think that she just
got a little more interesting and as a
California politician I don't know if
it'll make any difference at all let's
talk about the chef's gift ku ships give
ku the Sham Pietschmann if you will
that's right this hashtag she
impeachments it's a sham of an
impeachment
here's my persuasion take on that the
day it was announced that there was
going to be this impeachment I don't
know
inquiry or whatever they're gonna call
it so it doesn't sound like impeachment
the day it was announced was a bad day
for President Trump the second day was
another bad day for President Trump
third day another bad day for President
Trump every day this secret Skiff
impeachment thing was a story seemed
like a bad day for President Trump but
here's a little trick about human
perception and this is one of the I
talked about this in my book when Begley
is one of the most useful things you can
ever learn about how people think and it
goes like this
people can get used to anything we can
get used to anything so the fact that
there are people in this secret thing
talking about things that they say are
bad for Trump we're kind of gonna get
used to it but you know we're not gonna
get used to as easily is the continuous
news stories about how the process is
counter to democracy the Constitution or
whatever the critics are gonna say so I
feel as though the early part of this
shift skiff coup was successful for chef
but it seems like and here's the main
point I want to make I believe that time
has started to shift the story so that
the longer it goes without producing
something meaningful and that's the key
if it produces a story this has some
substance well that changes everything
but the longer they go we're doing
something that looks sketchy without
producing the goods the worse it is for
the
Gratz and that worsening will continue
to worsen it's gonna get really bad now
if you see that the government is doing
some investigation on something and
there are people complaining about the
process of the investigation you're not
going to care too much about the process
complaints even if you agree with them a
little bit if it turns out that what the
investigation fires is real and there's
something there that really matters if
that were the case nobody's going to
care too much about the process maybe
that will enter into the legal the legal
elements but not to the public but what
if the process continues day after day
after day and it doesn't produce
anything at least nothing we didn't
already know at the same time the people
like Matt Gaetz
who are very cleverly turning this into
a a story about the abuse of power and
the abuse of the system and the abuse of
this is that again whether or not those
are valid complaints or invalid
complaints is not relevant to what my
point is my point is not the factual you
know accuracy of any of this but rather
how does the public feel about it
so I think we've the the Matt Gaetz
stunt as as the opponents that are
calling it his stunt of bringing all the
Republicans to march down to this gif
and you know sort of protest and do a
sit-in and he pizza and stuff the
critics are saying no it's a stunt it's
a stunt
well it was exactly a stunt nobody
I don't think Matt Gaetz would disagree
then it was a stunt for the cameras and
for the purpose of you know political
perception that was exactly what it was
it's not like anybody's hiding that that
it was a stunt if you will a technique
to get attention to their side of the of
the story and it worked wonderfully I
thought that it probably was a turning
point between shift winning every day
because he's got this story there's
something bad brewing here - why is it
been so long and we're not hearing any
of the goods or at least nothing that
seems reliable at this point but the
process is still crooked so time has is
now on the president's side the longer
shift does this the more he becomes the
face of the Democratic Party which is
not a good look
it also smells of desperation again if
the if the process had immediately
kicked up some big story you wouldn't
care about the process so much even if
it was imperfect but as long as it
doesn't it starts to smell overtime you
know it's like this good Cardinal milk
day one mmm fresh milk YUM put it on by
cereal day 30 your milk is turned your
milk has turned so I think the milk is
turning for a chef and there there's
some funny contacts going on here one is
the the biggest context is that we have
news that Durham and his investigation
have they've evolved it into an actual
criminal investigation now we don't know
any details of you know who he's talked
to exactly at least in terms of the
total number of people he's talked to
but it starts to change the story
doesn't it so now we're going to have
the the stories that are competing for
your attention will be shifts kiff
producing nothing right Matt Gaetz
and people who are complaining about the
process probably creating new news every
day so the people are complaining about
the process have a little bit of an
advantage but their advantage just went
into another level because their story
starts to fit in with wait a minute not
only is this process crooked but the
whole way we even got to where we are
might be because of another
good process it might have involved you
know clapper and Brennan and Comey in
some way who knows you know we'll we'll
find out if if they did or did not do
anything illegal but it's the question
people are asking it's what the news is
talking about so now you've got Schiff
in his little skiff producing nothing
while the Matt Gaetz people are
producing story after story about the
process being rotten while the Durham
story just took a new level of interest
it's also talking about people being
rotten at the same time we're waiting
for the Horowitz report on the fisa
abuses which is more about that side
being rotten so the the news has turned
into what does Schiff have well we don't
know it's in that little skiff and if it
were anything important we probably
would have heard about it by now
so his thing went from a pretty good
play to rock milk and he's just sitting
there in that rotten milk thinking I
better come up with something new
because what I'm doing is getting old
really fast so there's a timer running
on chef every day it's getting worse rim
if he doesn't produce meanwhile these
other news stories about Horowitz and
Durham are probably going to produce
story after story about wait for it
here's the fun part who would you say is
the face of the Democratic Party well
during Obama's administration you would
say Obama you might say it's the
candidates running for president now but
they're so diluted you know it's you
can't really say elizabeth warren is the
face of the democratic party can you
because i don't know that she's gonna
you know get elected she's sort of more
radical than the party is so who's who
is the brand other than the democrats
well i'll bet you didn't see this coming
but who
do you think of when you think of the
chef's skiff chef who do you think of
when you think of the big story is about
impeachment Nadler chef Nadler who do
you think of when you're thinking of the
durham investigation clapper brennan
Comey are you seeing any pattern yet
look for the pattern who do you think of
when you hear about the Horowitz report
on the FISA potential abuses Comey
Brennan clapper Schiff Sadler what do
they all have in common they're all old
white guys the exception would be Pelosi
now what is what is Pelosi is role in
all this well has anybody ever accused
Pelosi
of being part of the deep state
machination 'he's against Trump
surprisingly no right am I right or
wrong do a fact check on me has anyone
ever accused Pelosi of being part of the
deep state I don't believe I've ever
heard that the deep state which is now
becoming sort of the accidental face of
the Democrats only because of the
stories that are being told you know the
shifts give impeachment Horowitz Durham
even the people doing the investigating
are all old white guys so if you're the
Democrats how are you feeling about your
brand being identified because of the
news as being a bunch of old white guys
who may not have been playing straight
so I've got a feeling that the Democrat
brand is just circling the drain right
now because it turned into an old white
men breaking the law brand which is
literally the opposite of what they want
it to be you could not be more opposite
let me
tell you this if you're a if you're a
typical Democrat let's say you're an
ordinary Democrat now then when I say an
ordinary Democrat I'd say you're you
know you have a high likelihood of being
female and you have a pretty good
likelihood I don't know what the
percentages of being a person of color
so if you're a Democrat there's a good
chance you're one of those two things
woman person of color both something
like that and you're looking at the
story of saying there's an awful lot of
old white guys who seem to be breaking
the law how do you feel about that is
that your team all right are you gonna
stick up for the old white guys breaking
the law I don't think so
I got a feeling that Biden clapper and
Comey might get thrown under the bus
pretty hard by the Rachel Maddow so of
the world should they should they be
identified as having broken any laws
that is still short of the case but
there are people looking into stuff
there we wonder we gotta wonder anything
happening Barr has also said that his
review would include an examination of
former British intelligence officer
Christopher Steele's thing how do you
think that's gonna go do you think that
bar looking into the Christopher Steele
thing do you think there's any chance
that will not the surface terrible
stories about the behavior of old white
guys in the Democrat Party Democratic
Party no let's talk about something else
let's talk about cheating China cheatin
China that's that's what I'm gonna call
him now
fentanyl China wasn't catching on as
well as I hope but have you noticed the
China cheats on everything recently they
got disqualified in some kind of
military world games some kind of
athletic event of people who were in the
military and the entire Chinese team got
disqualified for cheating they I guess
they it doesn't matter how but they
cheated how would you like to be China
and they care so much apparently they
care so much about winning this activity
that they they cheated and it wasn't
just some individuals it looked like it
was organized cheating than the China
side well that's not so good you know
that's not a big deal if it were all by
itself you'd say yeah it's a irrelevant
competition nobody cares but we also
have in the news today that South Korea
decided to remove itself from the
designation by the World Trade
Organization as a developing nation now
what that means in practical terms is
that they don't get some advantages of
being labeled a disadvantage company our
country so if you are a developed nation
if that's your designation under the
World Trade Organization I understand
I'm just learning this today you get
some trade benefits that you wouldn't
get if you're a more developed country
the idea of course is to help the
developing countries get a get a little
boost so South Korea and China have been
part of this developing nations thing
forever
South Korea just said well it was
getting a little embarrassing to be you
know one of the richest countries in the
world and also taking these benefits of
being a developing nation so they
voluntarily took themselves out how much
do you love South Korea if you notice
that South Korea does a lot of good
stuff like every time you hear a story
in a South Korea I feels like nine and a
ten stories in a South Korea or
something awesome you know where you say
wow that felt like something they did
for us right
didn't doesn't it feel like South Korea
removing it's all from that designation
it felt like they did that for us and
what I mean is it puts pressure on this
is where the story is being told it puts
pressure on China to do the same thing
and that's going to be really expensive
for China
I don't know how expensive but
apparently it's a big deal
so China is sort of cheating on the WTO
which we could not have said while South
Korea our ally was doing the same thing
it would have been hard for us to
criticize China while our buddies South
Korea are taking advantage of the exact
same system South Korea just pulled
themselves out of it voluntarily because
they said it was basically they said it
would be embarrassing to continue using
this advantage when they no longer
really qualified for China or cheat in
China still doing it
cheat in China made a deal with with
Hong Kong to give them autonomy and then
they they tried to cheat on that deal
cheat in China makes deals with
companies from other countries and then
tries to steal their IP everytime cheat
and China cheat in China tries to say
send us fentanyl and act like they said
they were going to do something about it
but then they don't Welch even China is
proving itself not worthy for business
I've said this before but there needs to
be I think there needs to be some kind
of global designation for countries this
says whether their business worthy just
that's just that it doesn't matter what
their what their government is or what
they're doing to their people those are
separate questions important but
separate I think there should be some
kind of rating that says a country can
be depended on to do what they say
they're going to do or they're just
flat-out criminals and if you get
involved with them they're just going to
try to steal your stuff there should be
a rating for that for international or
for countries not just companies but
countries and I would say that China has
very clearly identified itself as a
country that you should not do business
with because you don't want to get in
business with somebody who intends to
cheat and that's the
it'd be one thing if people you know
people had different motivations but you
figure everybody's going into it with
the right intentions but if you know for
sure there's somebody intends to cheat
why would you do business with them it
makes no sense that we have ongoing
plans to do more business with China so
decoupling I think is going to happen
one way or another we're starting to see
people acknowledge that the connection
between China and the Mexican cartels is
so strong now because the China's
government is allowing and I say
allowing meaning intentionally allowing
their drug dealers to ship fentanyl in
large quantities to Mexico where the
Mexicans turned it into products and
ship it across the border and killed
people like my stepson so where I think
it was on Tucker last night somebody was
talking about how you really have to
start seeing this as a crime syndicate
you have to see it as sort of a
terrorist crime syndicate meaning that
the Chinese government and really if
they're allowing their companies to do
it you have to put the responsibility on
the government because they can stop it
they obviously choose not to and they've
been asked to and promised they would
and still chose not to so that's the
government you can't just say there's
some bad actors in China it's the
government so the government of China is
partnering with Mexican drug cartels to
ship weapons of mass destruction into
the United States to kill Americans by
the tens of thousands every year maybe
50,000 this year 50,000 dead from
Chinese terrorists and by that I mean
the government of China President Xi who
I think has to be called the terrorists
at this point let me be the first to say
President Xi is willingly and
intentionally and publically publicly
allowing companies that they could
easily stop shipping fentanyl to this
country a weapon of mass destruction
with the intention that the Mexican
cartel will weaponize it ship it across
our border and kill tens of thousands of
people what does that make President Xi
a terrorist he is a terrorist there's no
way you can soften that President Xi is
an international terrorist prove me
wrong there's not one thing I said that
isn't a fact agreed by every observer
every observer agrees with what I just
said President Xi is intentionally and
publicly allowing his Chinese companies
to ship fentanyl to Mexican cartels for
the purpose of shipping it in to the
United States and knowingly killing tens
of thousands of people he's actually a
terrorist and I think we could just
designate him as such or at least
threatened to designate him as such if
he keeps it up here's the thing if we
sign a deal with China for trade well
let me say this clearly let me go on
record all right you're not gonna like
what I'm gonna say next I'm going to say
it anyway if President Trump the Trump
administration signs a trade deal with
China of any kind prior to the obvious
stop of fentanyl I'm going to change my
support to Buddha judge and I'm gonna go
full Buddha judge alright so you can
lose me on that if we sign a trade deal
with China before fentanyl completely
stops and it's obvious has stopped
I'm gonna back Buda ginge assuming the
primaries are still on
that's a promise all right
because he's the best he's the best on
the other side because there's no way in
the world
I'm gonna support a president who
supports an international terrorist
you know if Obama said hey let's throw
in with al-qaeda let's let's make a
trade deal with al-qaeda would you
support Obama if he made a trade deal
with Osama bin Laden well of course not
of course not if you were a Democrat and
you loved Obama and then he made a trade
deal with Osama bin Laden would you stay
well I don't like that but I'm still on
his side no you wouldn't
of course you wouldn't you'd say what
frickin craziness is this that the
president just made a trade deal with an
international terrorist
how many people did bin Laden kill what
three or four thousand how many people
as president she killed in this country
a couple hundred thousand not even close
not even close al Qaeda didn't come
close to what China is doing every day
right now today China will probably kill
more people this week in the United
States than al Qaeda arrogant so
President Xi is an international
terrorist
I support No Deal trade deal with China
and if we sign one without fentanyl I'm
gonna switch sides let's talk about
something else by the way I don't think
it's gonna happen I don't think we're
gonna have a trade deal with China
because we can't there's just no way to
get there I don't see any way to get
there for a comprehensive one we might
have some deals on small stuff all right
Russia had some big convention where
they had a lot of African nations meet
with them and most of Li it was about
was selling them weapons so Russia has
decided one of their main sources of in
come going forward is selling lots of
Russian arms to African nations what
could go wrong now are we a little bit
responsible for that because I ask
myself is if Russia had a choice of how
to make money is this the way they do it
would they say yeah let's sell weapons
to Africa because you know those weapons
are going to get used it feels as though
Russia you know is like any country
they're trying to make money they need
money
I mean Putin needs to have you know a
good economy in order to stay in power
even though he's a dictator you still
needs a good economy and I wonder if if
the Russian opportunities for income are
so constrained and now partly because I
know maybe sanctions have something to
do with it but maybe has more to do with
the Russian government is so corrupt
that they don't have you know a regular
economy it's just these oligarchs so it
might be that there are some oligarchs
who make so much money from the arms
industry and the arms industry is so
important to the economy it could be
that that's all Russian has it may be
that Russia's best play is to kill
millions of Africans I know I don't
think that's an exaggeration right if if
Russia is planning to sell weapons to 30
African countries do you think they're
all on the same side I don't think so
feels like it feels like the obvious
long-term implication of that is that
Russia will have killed probably
millions of Africans who may not have
had such a large war or such a
destructive war without all those
awesome Russian weapons so I asked
myself what could fix that
and I don't think there's anything
because you'd have to put the Russian
weapons makers out of this
and I don't think there's any way to do
that is there is there anything that
would stop the Russian weapons maker
oligarchs from selling weapons to Africa
I can't think of anything now well
unless I suppose if we had some way to
put immense pressure on the countries
that are buying it so that they didn't
buy it you know maybe there's some way
something you can do there but I don't
know what to do about that but I would
say if you were to if you were to
project forward
what does Africa look like in ten years
probably completely a war my guess is
that the the next the next Middle East
is going to be Africa meaning that you
know the Middle East might actually
settle down relatively speaking war wise
whereas Africa is just getting started
you know there's tons of violence there
but once they get the good weapons goes
to another level
all right let's say so we talked about
cheat in China let's talk about Kanye
West's he's converted he said that he
had a conversion in April after he went
to Coachella and apparently God helped
him be his addictions to pornography and
sex so Kanye West said he's but he's had
to have pornography problems since his
first Playboy he saw as a as a kid and
he I was gonna say he just beat it but
that's probably the wrong choice of
words yeah I'm not gonna say you beat it
I'll say that he discontinued his
addictions and he asked some people
working on this project do not have
premarital sex pretty sure that went
over really well that's a good way to
get your get your team on the same page
I wonder about his his conversation with
his team don't you wonder what that
meeting looked like you know Kanye calls
a meeting of all his team production
team or whoever's working with him on
this project
it's like hey team you're the best team
ever and the team is like wow oh yay
our bet our next product people are
gonna buy it they're gonna love it yay
team you guys are great you're smart you
you work hard I love every one of you
and they're all yay yay one other thing
just just one other item before we end
the meeting it's just one thing I need
you to do for me what is it what is it
will do anything for you Kanye yeah I
just need you to stop having premarital
sex quiet
sorry I think I heard that wrong Kanye
what were you asking us I'd like you to
not have premarital sex because it's not
good for you and God God insists how
long is this project in the last few
months just a few months can I put my
resume together now so I got a feeling
that that that suggestion didn't go over
so well with the staff but anything that
Kanye does is worth watching and his
conversion to full out god lovin it's
probably more interesting than you think
because on the surface you say to
yourself pretty traditional right it's
somebody who's born again in some sense
maybe not technically born again but
somebody who's just decided to commit
themselves to God and you say to
yourself well I've seen that a million
times I kind of know that looks like
somebody says is Muslim next no I don't
think he's going to turn to it to Islam
I wouldn't worry about that
but he he had I saw one phrase that
suggested there's something bigger
coming like much bigger and
he talked about God being sort of
everywhere and everything in some sense
that's a typical way to speak of God
that it's everything in everywhere and I
don't know that this is gonna happen but
keep in mind that Kanye is not normal
and I mean that in a good way he's he's
a creator so if you take you know
religion that's existed forever and you
take a normal person and they become a
religious convert the person gets folded
into the religion and then the religion
stays the same but the person changed
Connie is not like that ordinary person
who changed and became more like the
religion Kanye is as big as the religion
as powerful as the religion now I'm not
gonna say he's more powerful than God
I'm talking about just the way we think
Kanye's ability to change the way people
think about stuff it's sort of
unparalleled you know maybe there's you
know Trump maybe but he's got that
world-class quality so here's what I'm
predicting if you take a Kanye and you
put him into a traditional religion he
changes the religion that's the story
the story is not that religion changed
Kanye because that's what it looks like
in the beginning right but Kanye is not
going to leave religion the way it was
at the very least he's going to elevate
it to an art form because you see him
doing that already right you've seen a
number of famous people recently have
attended his is outdoor Sunday surfaces
they have music and you know is more of
an event and if you think about it the
people who attended that event we're
certainly thinking about God and maybe
you felt God in their souls and stuff
like that but it really was
the people at that moment in that place
like he used he used religion I think
you know in a in an honest way to make a
change that affected just humans in
their actual life at that moment while
they're standing at this event they're
saying they're communing with each other
they're meeting good people they're just
having a good time I think what you
should look for is Kanye to redefine
religion not in any bad way but actually
to improve it an actual upgrade
I think he's gonna literally upgrade
religion from something that maybe was
functional but had its rough edges to
something better
just just a better design I think he's
gonna redesign religion you know he's
not gonna change God or you know the
Bible right that I think he's gonna
redefine it by his his personality his
charisma and his creative force that's
somewhat unparalleled okay
enough about that all right that's all I
got so I would like to ask you again to
take a look at my book loser think it's
available now and if you were to pick
this up amazon.com one-click that's all
yours
why wouldn't you you should buy this
because because it's really the thing
that fuels everything I do here so if
you like these periscopes if you like me
to do more of this stuff buying the book
is the way to show that that you're on
board with that and I would certainly
appreciate it very very much if you did
thank you to all those who have already
ordered it I know a number if you have
so he says no thank you it's called
loser
well it's loser think so it's not about
people it's about unproductive ways of
thinking so it's not about any
particular people
thoughts on the fight over the
seven-year-old transition from boy to
girl
no no I'm going to recuse myself from
that debate that debate I just think
needs to be something that the family
works out and I hope the law is
compatible with whatever they do I just
don't feel like that's my business
so I'm gonna recuse myself from that
well thank you thank you to all of you
who have already ordered the book
there's quite a few of you here I see I
really appreciate that thank you why
blue an orange cover don't you think
this is the best cover I've ever done I
don't know how many of you were aware of
my other books but I would say just in
design this might be the best cover I
remember done but that's my opinion I
think it is alright I will talk to you
all later