do you do to people boo ba ba ba ba boom
boom ba ba ba
hey everybody hurry up get in here
gather round and make sure that you've
got your delicious coffee for the
morning simultaneous sip coffee with
Scott Adams here it comes
well unless you're living under a rock
or you have no access to digital media
entertainment you probably know that
Kanye West got a little more trouble
yesterday you might also know that I did
a quick periscope in which I said no no
they're misinterpreting him he obviously
did not mean X I said he clearly meant Y
and then he later went and clarified
that he didn't mean either X or Y he
meant Z so I completely missed what he
was saying his critics are completely
you know misinterpreting what he's
saying
but let's let's talk about where it went
wrong so rather than talk too much about
his point because that's for him to make
his point but let's just talk about
where the communication part of it went
wrong problem number one he talked about
the past now his whole message is let's
stop talking about it the past so he
tried to use an analogy to the past to
show why we shouldn't be thinking about
the past and you know we should be
breaking out of our mental prison in the
present but not only did he make us
think about the past which doesn't help
by used in analogy have you have you
ever heard me say that analogies are
problematic has anybody ever heard me
say that
probably the number one thing I've said
more than I should
is analogies don't work analogies don't
convince what do analogies do they do
this they do exactly what happened to
Kanye if you use an analogy your critics
will intentionally take it Ana content
well not context your critics will
intentionally misinterpret it or
unintentionally I think in some cases
there is you know genuine you know
misunderstanding so I never use an
analogy especially on an important topic
because you see what happened is you
know my best explanation based on
Kanye's clarification is that he was he
was trying to make a point
using slavery as just as an example it's
like well well by analogy you know
slavery Beauvoir and you know that's
where he made his mistake I'm trying I'm
trying not to say what he said because
it's the moment I say at them it gets
taken out of context too but the point
was there may be you know we may be in a
mental prison today and that if we
thought about things differently maybe
we get a better result let me tell you
let me tell you a better way to say what
he was saying okay so let's just test
this out I'm kind of thinking on the fly
so rather than talk about the past and
it's an ugly past and emotions come up
because just slavery is you know it's
just that you know it's probably about
the worst thing you could think of this
not the Holocaust that's bad and you
don't want to use an analogy so what's
the good way to make the same point what
would be an improved way to do that well
let me suggest this you could say that
the old way of thinking got us where we
are now
and if that's good enough but we should
think the way we have been thinking did
you catch that let me let me say it
again so instead of using the you know
the history analogy which is just messy
and caused a trouble you just say this
the old thinking the old way of thinking
got us to where we are if that's good
enough okay you're if you're happy you
don't need anything else if you keep
thinking the way you are you'll you'll
get to here this is where you were this
is where we are with this thinking if
that's where you want to stay keep
thinking the way you're thinking it's an
easy choice if you don't want to be
where you are and you think the thinking
about things differently could be part
of the solution Kanye is he's quite
honest about the fact that he's not
giving you answers from God he is the
thinking outside the box he's you know
he's throwing out some ideas he's mixing
up the pot a little bit
that's all good he's he's increasing the
let's say the diversification of ideas
so if you liked your old way of thinking
and you liked where it got you which is
this today your current situation you're
free to keep it but if you think there
might be an even better situation you
could get to maybe thinking about your
situation differently could be part of
the solution doesn't mean it's all of
the solution but it could be part of
your your happiness and your success now
that's the positive way to say it
without the analogy without the
reference to the past probably too late
for that now but I thought it would be a
useful lesson and how to stay on the
trouble some of you might know that the
biggest trouble I ever got him was
because I made it an analogy so
everything I'm telling you I learned the
hard way I mean the really hard way
so don't make analogies about sensitive
topics ever ever now because well I was
gonna say I shouldn't get any further
into the analogy but I'm going to the
point of an analogy is to just sort of
make a point about today but what people
are arguing about is not today they're
arguing about the analogy that arguing
about the past they're relitigated a
slavery and what they're doing is
they're they're taking Kanye's words to
suggest somehow then maybe Kanye was
saying it was a little bit well what's
the best way to say it that somehow they
chose they chose to be slaves that would
be the most offensive thing you could
possibly say he used words like that but
if you look at the context he was he was
clearly making sort of a generic point
that if there were lots of slaves and
there were fewer I don't even know if
this is true by the way so I'm not sure
they passes the fact-checking but he was
making he was using the analogy of the
past to talk about today so in that
context it doesn't matter too much that
he got the historical facts wrong in
other words he wasn't even talking about
the past he was just sort of making an
analogy to talk about today and of
course his critics you know went the
other direction said oh no we're not
talking about today let's talk about the
past and how you you you're screwing
everything up in your interpretation so
the the adult way to see what Kanye said
the matter don't weigh the let's see
what's a better way the the most
objective way to see what Kanye said is
he used an analogy historical analogy
the facts are certainly debatable but
that wasn't really the point he wasn't
talking about slavery he was just trying
to make the colorful analogy about today
he was talking about today did he get
the historical stuff wrong probably I
don't know I wasn't there were you know
he's he's got sort of an example that
you could say oh wow you know under some
circumstances if everything was perfect
maybe he's got a point
but probably not probably not you know
if it were easy to escape from slavery I
suspect people would have done it far
more successfully so I would say his
history was perhaps imperfect but he
wasn't talking about the past he was
just talking about the future now
it would certainly would be appropriate
for his critics to say I don't know your
analogies bad that's a bad analogy but
let's talk about today right so if his
critics were being objective and how
could they be really how could you
really be objective about this topic all
right but you know if you're if you're
an african-american in the United States
and you're watching this whole Kanye
situation how could you be objective
that's sort of too much to ask you know
above anybody you can't be objective on
some topics you know you can't uks Jews
to be objective about the Holocaust
you can't ask Native Americans to be
objective about being kicked out of you
know their their native lands you can't
ask you know African Americans to be
objective about slavery that's that's
not a fair that's not a fair ask you
know nobody can be objective about that
sort of stuff but if it were possible
the best approach would be you know you
got some of your history wrong we could
debate that but that's the past yeah
let's talk about your point which is
today so enough about that
[Music]
I'm starting to learn a little bit more
about the Iran Israel Palestinian
situation I would consider myself quite
under informed about the the canvas over
there and so what I'm trying to do is to
see if I understood a little bit better
if I could see my way to a path where
some kind of lasting you know
comprehensive peace with Iran and the
Palestinian situation is possible I
don't I don't have an opinion yet but
I'm getting closer and and and there's
one question that I probably have the
the biggest question on which is if you
were to do a poll of the Palestinians
what would be their preferred outcome
short of you know destroying Israel in
other words if you take the option of
destroying Israel off the table what do
the Palestinians themselves want I don't
know the answer to that question at and
so I mean I'm not even sure if anybody
knows but I would think that whatever
kind of peace we needed would require
the majority of the people most affected
to like it because then they can you
know deal with their own populations
like a you know the majority of us
wanted this can you play along so here's
my my preliminary suggestion so I'm
going to make a general statement
subject to much reinterpretation later
the thing that made in North Korea
potentially a good solution we don't
know yet but it looks like it's going
the right direction so what made North
Korea work at this time that didn't work
any time in the past well some of it's
obvious there are different players yeah
president Trump wasn't there ever before
so you've got that president she wasn't
there didn't do what he did
you know etc so the people are different
that's one thing but here's another big
thing that that is different from prior
Korean negotiations what's different is
we used to say we only have one
objective and the objective is to get
rid of your nukes so it was sort of a
nukes yes or no then you know and then
maybe there was I guess or with some
payments and return for that when the
question was limited to that it didn't
work right we couldn't get to a good
place they cheated we cheated whatever
whatever was the situation what's
different is that North Korea and South
Korea changed the entire conversation
from nukes to reunification and all of
the problems of negotiating nukes go
largely go away if you're if you become
the same country you know fairly soon in
other words you don't have to worry so
much about what's going to happen in ten
years if they've developed nuclear
weapons well in ten years North Korea
and South Korea could be the same
country yeah right so the the process of
negotiating the nukes became a whole
different question as soon as you
expanded it to reunification let's look
at the Middle East if you're looking at
just Iran and should they have missiles
and nukes or or capability to produce
them whatever whatever we're trying to
stop if you limit the question to Iran
do they have these weapons yes or no and
if you if you have them we might put
economic you know pressure on you if
that's the only question there might not
be enough variables so I'm thinking in
terms of expanding question for one kind
of agreement that gives Iran no reason
to have weapons because I'm not exactly
sure who Iran needs the weapons to
protect against or attack
except Israel right I mean Israel being
the the obvious nemesis I'm not sure
that Iran is so worried about Saudi
Arabia but this is where my my knowledge
gap falls apart clearly if your neighbor
is a little has a little bit of animus
and a lot of weapons you know you're
gonna you're gonna take it easy there
but I don't see Saudi Arabia having some
kind of a conquest mentality that
doesn't look like their game so Iran
what's Yemen so if Iran is looking to
expand there's really nothing that you
can do there's there's no way to
negotiate with a country that's looking
to expand its influence you know so if
that's the case and that's the only
thing they care about then they probably
would just have to be you know beaten
into submission or or you have to live
with it but my question is could the
Palestinian question and the Iran
question all be packaged into something
that looks a lot more look let's just
not have weapons where they don't help
and everybody can have a better economic
deal and here's the key remember I told
you that for these big negotiations you
you need to somehow have a story that
both sides won if we say to Iran hey
Iran you can't have these weapons it
just looks like they backed down and
they didn't win but if you were to say
hey Iran how about you get what you
wanted in terms of you you know you've
been at least morally and financially
supporting the Palestinians how about if
you win
how about Iran you win you get a good
result for the Palestinians then you
don't need to send arms to them and
stuff so it could be that coming up with
a good result for the Palestinian
situation might be the way that Iran
as a safety valve where they can say
well you know that's what we wanted and
now it's a safer world you know we don't
need to attack Israel because you know
you could make an argument that you
don't need to attack your Israel if
Israel became part of the West Bank or
the West Bank became part of Israel
because you know then it's just one big
country that's pretty mixed there is no
good result for the Palestinians they
only want to destroy Israel
well I think as with North Korea
remember everybody said and it was only
two months ago everybody was saying well
the one thing we know for sure is that
North Korea is going to keep its nuclear
weapons it turns out that the most
central assumption wasn't true once you
changed another variable the other
variable that was changed is they
started talking about reunification you
know the the economic sanctions were you
know tremendously effective yeah so I am
using an analogy but I'm using it in a
different way than persuasion what I'm
doing is explaining a point and the
point could be explained without the
analogy which is sort of that which is
sort of the test if the only way you
could ever make your point was with an
analogy that the analogy you know that's
problematic but my point the stands
independent of the analogy which is in
the Iran situation if you only had did
the variable of weapons or no weapons
can you keep them or not you have fewer
buttons to push
fewer variables to make a deal than if
you expand it and say look we're gonna
look at the whole situation
Israel Palestinians who's got what to
does what then you've got a lot of stuff
to work with so that's the point if you
could make your point without the
analogy and then the analogy is just
another way to explain the point
and that works better all right now just
looking at your conspiracy theories as
they go by so I would like to test some
of the some the assumptions about the
Iranian leadership in terms of how
willing they are to die well let me ask
you this question here so imagine this
thought experiment so here's the thought
experiment let's say God comes down from
the sky you know in human at least he
can talk and he says to the Iranian
leadership you guys look I got a deal
for you I will completely destroy Israel
you know just the people I'll I'll snap
my fingers and all all of your enemies
in Israel will die just like that but
here's the price the price is that 75%
of the people in Iran will die at the
same time just like that right a hundred
percent of Israel will die but the price
is 75 percent of all the people in her
animal die just like that would the
Iranian leadership take that deal go
tell me your opinion would the Iranian
leadership take a deal that would kill
75 percent of their own people
immediately if they could get the if
they could accomplish destroying Israel
all right somebody's saying bad question
it might be so look at how many people
are saying yes you know a number of
people say now it seems to be about a
split I would bet
a pretty big number that they would
choose life for their own people so in
this example the the people who are
making the decision get to live they
just kill 75% of their own country but
those 75% become martyrs and going to
have them and the other 25% are winners
they got everything they wanted and they
can rebuild the country would they take
that deal
I say not a chance but I also don't know
if I'm right right so that's the biggest
unknown if you don't know the answer to
that question or question questions like
it I'm not sure you know what's
happening over there all right I've got
to go do some stuff and let's all let's
all take a sort of a pledge to educate
ourselves about the Middle East you
should assume that anything I say or
speculate about that topic is likely to
be wrong misleading damaging you know
inappropriate you know because we're all
we're all kind of trying to get up to
speed on it but we'll see if the
administration comes up with a some kind
of a peace plan and if it does I would
hope to see that it's comprehensive
because there are more variables in play
all right I'll talk to you all later