Market is a little bit mixed today but
we have High Hopes High
Hopes let me call up
some some comments and we'll have a show
for you let me tell
you it'll be
amazing trust me it'll be
amazing probably the best thing you've
ever seen
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had had a better time in
your whole life but if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny shiny human brains all you need is
copper muger glass a tanker chel dinina
canteen Jugger flask of vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine here of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous sip
it happens
now thank you
Paul well let's talk about all the
things let's say uh it's been 24 hours
since I talked to you last 23 actually
so did anything
happen was there any news made in the
last 24 hours anything at all
no wait is my cap inside out no my cap
is not inside out you
bastards is this is the
official coffee with Scott Adams
hat there you go
there you go you see it's me and then
that's also
me this I know this is going to be
confusing for you this is me and this is
me try to keep those straight all right
did you know that caffeine's uh impact
on your brain could reduce your cravings
for
alcohol that's right is there anything
that coffee can't do let me check my
notes uh anything anything coffee can't
do can't do um it can't help Comm haris
win the presidency but besides that
there's nothing it can't do so coffee
according to the s s poost might make it
easier to get off of alcohol if you
wanted
to did you know that climate models as
incredible and valuable and accurate as
they are all hundred of them that are
different they're going to make them
even
better
wow talk about the Golden Age huh you
got your climate models that are totally
believable and now they're going to add
wait for it AI that's right that's right
the existing climate models oh almost
perfect
almost just right but what they need is
one extra lay layer of total B
called AI because if you can't trust
your
AI model for predicting the temperature
of the Earth in 80 years what can you
trust well for those of you who've never
been around predictive models let me
tell you something it's not the
data and it's not the model that
determines the
answer do you know what determines the
answer it's not the
data and not the model what is it it's
the
assumptions because the assumptions are
not data there assumptions about well I
think we got all the variables and then
you compare it to all the other models
and you go well they're making different
assumptions about the clouds but we like
our
assumptions it's the
assumptions that give you the output and
if they didn't like the output they
wouldn't tell you what AI did to it it's
pretty pretty much just the
assumptions well meanwhile scientists
have developed a breakthrough nasal
spray they could delay Alzheimer's for
over a decade according to scitech daily
but they have only put it into animals
so
far now I don't know how many animals
actually get Alzheimer's or how many
animals even live 10 years so you can
check but the way you do it is you give
it to the animal let's say a cow and
then you wait 10 years and you say to
the cow hey do you recognize me and if a
cow just stares at you like doesn't even
know you that's
Alzheimer's
but okay I'm just kidding they don't
give it to cows probably might be might
be a rat or something all right but
here's my scientific knowledge question
for you I asked a version of this on X
this will sound like I'm leading to
something
uh but is really for your general
knowledge number one if something is
tested in the lab and it works in the
lab and then it also works in the in
animals what are the odds it will work
in a person go in the comments tell me
the odds there's something that works in
the lab and it kills things in the test
tube and it works in an animal and it's
safe enough and effective enough in the
animal
what are the odds that that will
translate to human usefulness your
numbers are way too big 25% but you're
being funny the real answer is 5 to
10% 5 to 10% now let's make it more
interesting there are two reasons that a
drug would not be approved for human use
one is if it's too dangerous
two if it's not let's say bioavailable
meaning that if it could get to the
right part of your body you know cross
whatever membranes and get into whatever
parts then it might be effective but if
it doesn't in a human but maybe it does
in a rat then that would be another
reason it doesn't
work now there could be lots of other
reasons it doesn't work but those are
two big ones so now I'm going to revise
my question let's say you're dealing
with an already improved drug that's
being used for a different purpose so
it's a improved and is safe and the
safety profile is excellent so you know
for sure that it works in the lab you
already tested it that it works in
animals and you know for sure because
it's an improved drug that's been around
forever that it won't hurt you now what
are your odds that it would be approved
for a human Works in The LAB Works in an
animal definitely doesn't hurt anybody
what's your odds now the answer is
nobody
knows which is weird because it seems to
me that would be a really important
thing to know if you were in that line
of work what percentage of drugs do you
think work even in a human but but at
the end they go oh damn it works it
totally works but you know 10% of the
people who took it died so you know
can't be
approved I don't know but you you have
to assume that some amount of the drug
drugs are only rejected because they
hurt humans but they didn't hurt the
rat all right now suppose you knew also
that since it was an approved drug it
had a good ability to sort of become
bioavailable in other words uh it's
already something used in humans so it
must be able to get to the good parts of
a human but depending on what your new
use for it is it might need to get into
the brain versus the heart versus the
but
so maybe there's a difference there so
let's say you knew it was bio available
in general for some other
purpose worked in a lab worked in an
animal definitely is not dangerous and
is bioavailable meaning it gets to the
right parts of the
body for some other
use now what what are the odds that that
would
work if you want to know what the the
reason I'm asking for is that that
icin works against cancer in a
lab and apparently it's worked against
cancer in some
animals and ivin is known to be safe for
human use I mean nothing is 100% but in
terms of meds it's it's one of the safer
ones and we know it's bioavailable
because it works against um not only
what it was meant for some kind of um
parasites or whatever but it also seemed
to have some related benefits for covid
which would be a whole different thing
so it can get to a worm or a bug in your
body whatever it is and it can also get
to whatever is affecting a
virus so now what are the odds knowing
all of those
things that the lab tests of icin would
translate into human success
does anybody have a
guess well I don't but it it would be
really interesting if that's the sort of
thing that science could sort out
because wouldn't you like to know what
the odds of a specific drug is versus
what are the odds of drugs in general so
if you say to me we developed this thing
and it works in the lab and it works in
an animal and and then you calculate the
odds from that
alone I feel like that's not treating it
as individual enough I feel like each
specific drug probably scientists could
come up with an estimate for that kind
of drug you know more like well this
one's 80% but this one's more like
10% so anyway we should know
that all right so let's get into the
politics um so according to RS Technica
the advertisers who may have been
hesitant to advertise on X before
because of politics or because of their
own preferences or whatever uh
maybe looking to moderate that and maybe
get back to advertising on X do you know
why because the advertisers are
concerned that if they don't advertise
on X Elon Musk might have a bad opinion
of them for not advertising on his
platform and he might have the ear of
the president and the president controls
the government which has a lot of
control over
companies so if you were a company that
ever wanted the US government to do
something in the future that would help
you might be good to know that you had
advertised on the only free speech
platform
now how much do I like that not at
all you you shouldn't be happy about
that because what is being described is
essentially
bribery am I right I mean it wouldn't be
illegal
but if the reason that somebody's going
to advertise on X is so that they can
preserve their options with the
government um that's not good that's not
the country you want to live in you
don't want people choosing their
advertising space based on Revenge from
the government so no not cool now I'm
not also not sure that it's real right
ORS Technica says that people are
thinking this way and it would be
consistent with everything we know about
how money
works we do know big companies will move
large amounts of money to whatever is
influential you know whether it's
lobbyist or anything else so I don't
think they're wrong in terms of a
prediction but I don't love to see it as
much as I love uh everything about X and
I love seeing Elon Musk involved in the
government exactly the way he is I don't
love that this is the way X would become
profitable although I want it to be
profitable so
anyway it's not exactly the right
incentive
structure meanwhile in news that it took
me 30 minutes to believe the first 30
minutes I thought it was a joke that
Alex Jones's Infowars all the assets for
that company that went up for auction
because of the Sandy Hook issues was
purchased by the company that owns the
onion so obviously I didn't believe it
I'm like okay that didn't happen the No
No the
satirical company that's why it's a joke
because you know it'd be funny if the
onion bought it so so obviously it's not
the onion and then I would see another
post on X and I think huh wow this is a
good prank it really fooled a lot of
people and then I see more and then see
it attributed to the AP
and I thought wait a minute there are a
lot of details on this
story and then I found out like the name
of the parent company I'm thinking huh
did this actually happen in the actual
real world the onion bought Info
Wars now I heard somebody say that they
thought that the Sandy Hook victims you
know were were behind it to get it to be
an anti-gun platform or something but
am I wrong that the onion stopped being
funny several years
ago am I wrong about that do you
remember when the onion was the funniest
thing on the internet I mean by far it
was just the funniest thing on the
internet and then something
happened and I don't know I I think
maybe I thought I changed or maybe I
just wasn't seeing their posts as much
but they kind of
disappeared or at least they didn't
produce any viral content because I just
stopped seeing them so I didn't know
happened to the onion I thought you know
they closed or something but apparently
they changed
management and I don't know what their
management is up to but they've now
bought two properties that uh you'd have
to wonder why they would do it the onion
as it was dying and info wars just the
assets but if he's buying a studio
situation in an IP and a bunch of
customers I maybe but but if you were
leaning what good would it be to have a
bunch of customer lists of people who
watched
Infowars I don't know there's something
about this story that isn't making sense
so until we see what the buyer has in
mind for this we won't really know
what's happening
here all right I got a question for you
there's another story sounds like the
same story that's every day and in the
news but there's another teacher this
one's a woman who is allegedly she raped
a 13-year-old isum boy um and she
ditched her husband for the boy that she
called her crystal
meth so now when they show the picture
of the woman you look at her eyes in the
photograph and you say to yourself oh
okay I've seen those eyes before you've
seen them on uh Adam Schiff you've seen
him in uh Charles Manson you've seen him
in AOC
and you've seen them in a lot of Tik Tok
videos where people were shaving their
heads and acting crazy and so here's my
question do you believe that AI can spot
crazy people by their eyes if you asked
it
to let me tell the tell you the answer
in advance yes you definitely can if if
you trained AI to spot people who are
mentally ill or at least going to be
acting way outside the box of normal
behavior you could do it now I don't
think you could do it 100% I do think
there are some people who just have sort
of bug
eyes and maybe Adam chiff is one of them
I don't know but I think you could
get
80% wouldn't you like to know if
somebody's got mental
illness just by their eyes okay and
that's just by how wide they are I think
if you started looking at like you know
the pupils you you get a whole different
level of knowledge so yes I believe it
is inevitable that AI will start trying
to spot crazy people by their eyes not
crazy but but maybe uh criminally
inappropriate
people well in the midst of the busiest
news day we're we're going to talk about
all the appointments uh there was a UAP
hearing UAP being the new word for UFOs
basically
and there's a whistleblower uh Lou
alzando Who says the United States has
UAP Technologies not made by our
government or any other
government and uh Tim gallud day is
telling us that uaps represent a new
realization that we are not the only
advanced intelligence in our universe
and allegedly other governments also
have some UAP technology that they're
trying to reverse
engineer if I if I may summarize all of
this
news uh once again there's somebody who
does not have a
photograph has no personal firsthand
knowledge of
anything and no I don't believe a single
thing about the UAP reports not a single
thing I do not believe there is an alien
intelligence I do not believe there's an
ancient civilization of being that are
in the ocean and they've got you know
crafts that sometimes come out of the
ocean I do not believe one thing about
this story do you know why because this
story could have been the same story for
the last 50 years there's not one time
that I've been alive that you couldn't
TRW down a whistleblower to say that the
same damn stuff what changed where's my
video where where's my piece of material
that could have only made been made in
space nothing
nothing there just
nothing so no I could be wrong and
normally I would take this as what I
call a recreational belief like I want
to believe it I'd love to believe it but
no th this fits every pattern of a thing
that hasn't been true and won't be
true for the last my entire life
basically so I hate to ruin it but I
don't think there are any uaps however
in the dilber comic which you would have
to subscribe to on either X or the
locals platform to see dogbert does have
a
UAP so dogbert's going to be using
Dilbert's UAP that he invented in his
home
lab well here's my big theme for today
are you ready for big theme for
today big
theme a national correction is in
process meaning that the United States
had gone completely off the
rails but for reasons that seem to be
almost entirely about
Trump
everything seems to have reversed and
started moving in the right direction
just
everywhere now there might be some
exceptions of course but the number of
things that are suddenly moving in the
right
direction are mindboggling jawdropping
makes your hair catch on fire let me
give you some
examples uh now the Republicans have the
presidency the Senate they have it's now
confirmed they will have the house by
maybe four or five votes and of course
the majority in the Supreme
Court so that is clearly the country
saying hey these people the Democrats
were not getting it done so we're going
to correct and boy did they correct not
only did they correct they gave us a
um an advantage in the actual total vote
not just the Electoral College you know
the popular vote so that's big we've
seen a couple of Soros Das removed in
California so as long as the number of
Soros prosecutors are moving backwards
that's great we've seen that Elon Musk
is committed to getting Republicans um
elected so he'll have a sort of an anti-
Soros fund that will be operating
against Soros that's great
um we see that the uh Trump transition
team is considering creating some kind
of Board review to remove uh generals
and Admirals that are too woke and too
worthless yes thank you uh you know I've
been telling you for a long time that I
was trying to understand why if you see
let's say a senator who does an
interview on the news even if you don't
agree with them and even if you think
think they're lying you come away
thinking okay that's pretty smart person
you know I don't trust him but you know
smart and You' see a scientist and you
say ah I'm not sure I believe all that
but obviously you're
smart and generally speaking public
figures who have you know reached some
some level they're usually pretty smart
but whenever I would watch the generals
who would come on let's say during the
Trump Administration even before that
when they were done I would think to
myself why don't they come off as
smart like why does General
Millie just doesn't look like even a
Democrat Senator
or he just doesn't come off as smart and
I won't name names but there are several
others that fall in that category where
they're not just not smart they seem
almost aggressively dumb and and not
because of their politics because they
don't really get political most of the
time so I'm not even judging them on
politics I'm Jud just demeanor and
presentation and you know just the vibe
it's like you know you just don't seem
that smart so if you add that to the
fact that you know there's wokeness
that's infected them and their political
appointees in many cases they didn't get
all the way there based on Talent it was
it maybe
politics um it's good to see that
there's going to be a tough look and
which ones to remove uh I would argue
that lawfare may have
ended lawfare against Trump may have
ended and now that the Republicans are
firmly in charge I would expect that
there will not be more lawfare against
Republicans what we hope well I guess we
don't all hope this but I hope what I
hope is that there is not any gross
lawfare against Democrats
uh I want to say clearly and you know
loudly and publicly I do not favor any
any Revenge
lawfare none I do favor really going
after real
crimes and to me it seems there are some
pretty obvious real crimes that have not
been addressed so if Matt Gates as you
all know by now Matt Gates has been
nominated we don't know if he can get
confirmed even if there's a recess
appointment ly there's some question
about that um but I do love the fact
that whoever is going to be the AG
whether it's m Gates or or not it's
going to end lawfare at least against
Republicans now I think we have an
obligation and a responsibility it's a
Spider-Man problem Republicans now have
the
power and the Republican voters I argue
have power over the government that is
not the case the other way I don't
believe the public has power over the
Democrat government except to remove
them but in the Republican World they
really do listen to the base and they
respond pretty quickly so uh I think
that those who support the government
should make sure that if you got your
choice the best way to keep it is to not
go crazy with lawfare when it's just not
called for but again nobody's Above the
Law so if it's it's a real crime and we
all saw it and uh there's transparency
involved about going after it yes yes on
that uh Diddy is in jail and Hollywood
is basically completely neutered and the
celebrities that were talking about
Harris uh they decided to shut the f up
after the election because I think they
noticed they not the majority I I think
the illusion that Hollywood was always
under is that they were sort of the
leading voices of the rational majority
that was sort of the minimum they had to
understand about themselves their role
in the world well I'm an actor and I
wouldn't get involved in this except the
majority doesn't have as good a voice as
I do because I get attention so for the
benefit of the majority I will be their
voice and then they found out they
weren't the
majority I I think that that is the
greatest mind F of all time it didn't
happen to me so I you I'm not
experiencing it but imagine if you
thought you were the
majority and you found out you weren't
and you and you thought that you were on
the side of the angels and you found out
you were pretty much supporting a
criminal
gang because I think the Democrats are
just filled with Rico problems and and
uh money laundering and bribery I don't
know how much we'll ever uncover but it
it seems like the entire Democratic
party is just a criminal organization at
this point and by the way I'm not joking
about that in in my personal
opinion without the benefit of any court
cases that would back me up on this my
impression is if you look at the
totality of what Democrats are doing and
have done been doing it looks like a
criminal organization like actually
literally it's it's made to move large
amounts of money through various
organizations that they
control and that appears to be the main
purpose because the only thing they're
always in favor of is moving a large
amount of money through any Democratic
controlled organization it doesn't even
matter if it's BLM or climate change or
anything else large amounts of money
move it through a big activity because
then they all get a taste that's where
the bribery happens that's where the the
money laundry happens so to me I think
the overwhelming
driving force of the Democrat party has
been money laundering and bribery at the
at the working level and then the the
voters have just been confused because I
think the voters that I'm looking at two
political parties and I like the what I
like what one of them says but why is it
that when I keep agreeing and voting for
the one that keeps saying what I like to
hear my life is not
improving and that's what everybody
noticed their life didn't improve they
were buying into what the Democrats were
saying but their life didn't get better
and now everybody noticed that's the
benefit of having Trump having been in
office once you just had a direct
comparison you could just look at it and
say I like that better so I think a more
correct frame is that the Democrat Party
in my opinion and again without the
benefit of you know Court endorsed
findings it looks like it's primarily a
criminal activity at least at the
leadership levels they're they're
trading stocks and making deals and
getting their gold bars and uh pointing
people to jobs that they're not
qualified for and it just all looks like
criminal to me now when you look at the
the Republican
side let us let us try to find some
Unity here and let me say this do I
believe that there are no Republicans
trying to get away with stealing money
no I don't don't believe that I'm sure
there's some Republicans looking to
steal some money what I don't see is
that it seems like that's their only
job the the Democrats act like it's
their only job it's like everything is
pushing in that direction and the
Republicans are trying to actually you
know do a variety of things that seem
like they're good for the
country all right here's some more
Corrections so maybe this Diddy thing
will and the fact that uh there will be
a republican AG G may take a big bite
out of the whole pedophile situation
which I've never known how big it really
was but Hollywood took a beating uh on
the election and everything else the old
Diddy situation is shutting people up
and
uh here's another one according to
Fortune Magazine uh Trump's election is
going to create a Dei Reckoning that
forces companies to either uh you know
double down or to step away from it
that seems like really good news so
there are now I think maybe 20 companies
biggish companies that've cancelled or
cut down on their
Dei and there should be more to come but
I also expect that when the government
says it's illegal so you have to get rid
of it in the
government I I think the big companies
have to fold I think they have to follow
so you may see the end of
Dei I can tell you that I've heard
almost no wokeness for a
week it it used to be the all the all
the news all the Zeitgeist was here's
some more woke wokeness and then we
would complain about it here's some more
and then we complain about it and it
just never
stopped I feel like the wokeness just
stopped the people who would even you
know bring up these topics they just
stopped because now they realize what
the public
things the the entire trans situation
which I always like to remind I'm protr
adults doing whatever they need to want
to just living their life the way they
want to but of course you know kids in
bathrooms and sports or special cases
and they have to be educated
adjudicated um but I feel like the trans
topic will just sort of disappear or not
disappear I think it will shrink to the
size it should have been
naturally its natural size should have
been
small and maybe it'll just go back to
that but again I wish the best for the
trans
Community um CNN and MSNBC both look
like they're dead that it looks like
they're just you know on fumes is the H
post still
alive did the hington post close and the
The Daily Beast is having problems and
Gawker clothes and um yeah and of course
the old version of Twitter is dead and
now the ABC is a apparently trying to
figure out how to bring in a prot trump
voice to The View and maybe some of
their other shows because ABC got
hammered so badly for handling the the
debates
poorly so imagine how in the world are
they going to put a prot trump voice on
The
View all right I'll do it I'll do it now
I'm going to obviously need to uh
identify as a woman but uh if there was
one place in the world I could identify
as a woman and everybody would shut the
 up about it it would be the view
so if you want me on The View I am
willing to identify as a woman I'll
still dress the same because I'll be
like a poorly dressed
woman I'll look exactly the same just
very poorly
dressed
um and I think I'd be great but I'd have
to do it home because I don't want to
commute Joy Reed deleted her ex account
a a now there is no joy on X
a so that's moving in the right
direction uh I will not have to see her
mental illness being presented as
content um but who else oh Don Lemon is
quitting so Don Lemon the unluckiest
person in media decided that he would
quit X on the same week that Trump set
the entire news business on fire by
nominating the most provocative people
you could possibly ever nominate and
then poor Don lemon's trying to get some
attention a and and I'm I'm I'm quitting
what I call Twitter because that's an
insult to
it have you heard that Pete Heth is
going to be the Secretary of Defense I
know but you have anybody heard I'm
quitting Twitter the Attorney General is
going to be Matt Gates maybe I know but
also also I won't be posting on Twitter
sorry Don your message has been
cancelled by bigger
news no one
cares um meanwhile the star for the
Disney's Snow White Rachel
zler um she has ill feelings about Trump
and all of his
voters so uh that means that Disney's
Snow White movie will lose about a
billion dollars so do you think that you
could be an actress and get another job
if you just cost your employer a billion
dollars because this probably cost them
a billion dollars
because I don't know how many
conservatives would have watched this
piece of garbage content anyway but once
the main actress says you to half
of the country half of the country is
going to leave that in the you know
leave that on the Shelf so let's say
half the country's children will not be
indoctrinated by whatever the hell is on
Snow White so that's good news Ohio
lawmakers
um passed a bill Banning biological
males from girls
bathrooms um most of you would call that
move in the right direction wouldn't
you and let's see did you know that uh
FEMA you know that story about the woman
who was in charge of one area and um she
told people to stay away from homes that
had Trump signs in other words don't
help Trump voters in emergency now the
first time I heard that I told you I
thought well that's not true I mean
that's like an obvious hoax obviously
there could not possibly be anything in
writing at FEMA in writing that says
don't help Trump supporters during an
emergency that couldn't possibly be
true it's
true it's completely true it's worse
than that it wasn't just one person the
female worker who got fir ired says it's
not isolated and the female workers were
instructed to do it in the Carolinas too
according to the Gateway
pundit it's not only true it was a
general FEMA or it was wider than one
area it wasn't completely
probably now that's the bad news right
here's the good
news Trump's in charge of feema
now I guess that shit's just got fixed
so here's another thing that got fixed
just because Trump is coming he's not
even there yet and I guarantee you
they're getting rid of that rule right
do you think FEMA is waiting until they
get a new boss or are they saying um
let's uh maybe we should kind of quickly
revise the way we've been doing this
before he gets in charge maybe we should
hurry up and clean up our own house and
delete all these
records so watching how guilty people
know they are and watching them change
their behavior just in anticipation of
chump is pretty
awesome it's pretty
awesome anyway so those are all the
things that are going our way have you
ever seen so many things go your way at
the same time it really is a remarkable
time you know when when Trump called it
the Golden Age you always wonder is that
hyperbole I don't think it
is I I think everything is lining up in
a way I've never seen I've never seen or
felt anything like this it it's the
Golden Age It's really here now of
course we have to make it it's not going
to be easy there'll be plenty of
challenges but uh rasmon did a poll on
mass
deportations 64% of likely voters
approve of Trump's promise to quote on
day one uh launched the largest
deportation program in American history
to get the criminals out
2third of the country is on board with a
massive
deportation do you think things are
changing
everything everything is moving in the
right direction at the
moment meanwhile Jack Smith one of the
guys going after Trump in the law fair
cases he reported reportedly is going to
step down before Trump gets into
office okay
once again we see things are being set
right simply by Trump is on the way
Trump hasn't even gotten there to fire
anybody yet and they're quitting in
anticipation correctly that they will be
fired meanwhile Chuck Grassley and Ron
Johnson have ordered the FBI to preserve
or requested to preserve all records on
the Jack Smith
investigation yes they're going to
investigate the investigator
how great is that they're going to
investigate the investigator because he
damn well needs to be
investigated from from a public
perspective he definitely needs to be
investigated I
mean there's some stuff we need to know
about that
situation uh meanwhile um Mark Ruffalo
you know him from The Avengers and other
movies um he's he said now about the
election because he was one of the
notable backers of Harris he said quote
and this is according to a bright bar
headline he said quote we got our asses
kicked now
Breitbart I don't normally like to give
advice to
Publications
Breitbart you really missed an
opportunity
here this is the story Mark Ruffalo said
we got our asses kicked here's the
headline you should have
used Hulk
sulk you're
welcome it's my best joke of the day
Hulk
sulk if you watch The Avengers that's
pretty funny all right Seattle has
started throwing shoplifters and Penny
criminals in jail for the first time in
four years I guess the first two years
they said it was the uh pandemic you
know they didn't want people in close
quarters so they reduced their people in
jail and then they said they didn't have
resources because they probably defunded
the police but now they have resources
and they have room in jail so they're
throwing their Petty criminals back in
jail so
again things are going your
way in this big self-correcting country
that we have that is so wonderful this
week uh Joe Rogan says that the Harris
wals
campaign um wanted to make sure that he
didn't talk about marijuana legalization
if he did an interview with
Harris now um he said quote I think they
had requirements on things that she
didn't want to talked about she didn't
want to talk about marijuana
legalization which I thought was
hilarious said Joe Rogan now here's my
question I I was struck in two different
ways number
one of course the fact that anybody
would go to an interview and say there's
something that's off
topic that's just so weak and especially
if the topic is one of national
concern and you're running for office
yeah no there should not be anything off
topic so so the Harris campaign looks
weak and pathetic and you can see why
they lost
however I'm not entirely sure that a
private
conversation with the campaign should be
divulged on the other
hand it's a public
interest so I'm going to say yes in this
special case yes but generally speaking
I'm not a fan of anybody revealing a
private
conversation um but it was somebody
running for president and it was a
matter of national concern and and you
know the event over there's there's
there's no security issue to it now but
if she had become
president I think that maybe then he
should have
maybe well I don't know maybe maybe it's
still
appropriate yeah I'm just sort of
thinking that one through as I as I go I
I just don't like private conversations
being revealed unless you have a really
good reason I I've revealed a few
private things that Trump said to me
that one time in 2018 when I met him for
a few minutes but it was only because
they make him look
smart so so I feel completely confident
that if I say Trump knew something was
going to happen years before it happened
that if he heard that he'd say oh that's
fine you know so I don't feel like
that's a
risk
um did you watch the video of Biden and
Trump meeting for their peaceful
turnover power apparently they had a
good chat for two hours
um uh
Biden was all smiles I've never seen him
so happy to turn over power to
Hiller do you
think that watching him roll over so
happily is enough to convince Democrats
that they've been lied to about Hitler
coming into office do you think they
figured it out yet because I figure
that's enough for at least some of them
to say wait a minute you said Hitler was
coming but every one of you is acting
like Hitler isn't coming so how did you
immediately go from Hitler's coming to
oh everything's normal how' you do that
were you lying to us the entire
time and of course they were lying to
the public the entire time but do
Democrats see it because as obvious as
it is to you know
Republicans the way cognitive dissonance
works is is that it can blind even a
smart person to the obvious so I suspect
that even smart
Democrats somehow are creating in their
minds a blind spot to turn off the fact
that everybody said he was Hitler for
sure and as soon as he got elected they
acted like he's definitely not Hitler
the one thing we know for sure like not
even a there's not even a chance of it
like it didn't even go from definitely
Hitler to well you better watch out he
might be Hitler
like that would seem like the normal way
to step down but it went from he's
definitely Hitler to there's not really
any problem here at all that we see
let's uh let's just act totally normally
and I think everything will be fine how
do you not notice
that
anyway um that should be the end of the
Democrat Party for a
decade do you think that Trump made any
deals with
Biden um
it's possible although it would be a
kind of a risky way to do it you know
because things could get out but if I
were
Trump you could imagine a scenario in
which he would say privately to Biden
look um I think you and I should make an
agreement we're going to keep our
families out of
it and I plan to uh to Pardon Hunter if
you'd like me to Pardon you or any
member of your family uh I will take
care of that but I'm going to ask for
the same for you know but basically I
want you to you know cooperate basically
I don't know would that be illegal to
make a deal like
that I think the president has that
flexibility I don't know if it's all
legal but I wouldn't
mind as much as I think Hunter did some
imprisonable
stuff I would rather the country country
climb back from attacking families we
should at least get back to Mafia
standards where the families left out of
it you you can go as hard as you want at
the candidate but just leave the family
out of it so you could you could sort of
Imagine Trump saying you went too far
with my family I'm not going to return
that to
you and and just say can we make a piece
can we can we bury that hatchet now I
don't think it happened uh is just sort
of a recreationally fun
speculation anyway uh a reporter asked
Biden as he was in the I guess one of
that little ceremonial rooms asked him
uh um if he thinks he can get a hostage
deal done by the end of the term and
when Biden was asked if he could get a
hostage deal done by the end of the term
in for Israel Biden said quote do you
think that you can get hit in the head
by the camera behind
you
okay
so that's what we
have and what we're moving to is
Trump did Trump get anything done
yesterday yes well Trump didn't do this
but the Senate picked their Majority
Leader
th now I don't know much about this
particular
Senator but uh there will be a lot of
news is breaking about him and I believe
I'll learn about him
soon sorry I had to do that um I have
some concerns about whether he will
really work with Trump as well as he
says he will I think on most things he
will um but he's been he's been critical
of trump in the past so he does not
count as a loyalist per se uh definitely
a loyal Republican but not a trump
loyalist so we'll
see I would say the
uh the verdict is out so th can either
be a
superstar or or less than that and I
believe that uh that is completely in
his hands he's a little bit of a blank
slate I mean people who really know the
in inner workings of things may have an
opinion but the rest of us don't really
have any idea he's he's just like a
brand new character on the stage for
most of us so I'm going to say open mind
um he might be
great but keep an eye on
it so as you've already heard Mt Gates
has been nominated by Trump to be the
Attorney General the wild Street Journal
um which is not wild about this says
quote in the editorial this is a bad
choice for the attorney general that
would undermine confidence in the law
undermine confidence in the law are you
kidding who has confidence in the law
how could you possibly undermine
confidence in the law it's
2024 we've been
lawed Way Beyond any sense that the law
has been operating on our behalf no I
don't have any confidence in the
law are you kidding me or science or
just about anything else at the moment
so
um and then they noted that Gates has a
law degree from William
Mary uh but that he's going to cause all
kinds of provocations and it's going to
be a bunch of problems blah blah blah
blah blah now their their argument seems
to be that he's a performer and
provocator and that that's the wrong fit
for the Attorney
General can I can I give some uh
education to the Wall Street Journal
editorial board would you mind if I
taught the people who are supposedly
experts in business some basic
facts about business do you mind if I
educate them all right I'm Wall Street
Journal editorial board I'm taking you
aside let me explain something to you
goes like
this um if I if I were to encounter a
Kitt here's how I would act a cute
little kitten a here's a little scratch
if I were to encounter somebody trying
to kill me I would react more
like and try to fight it
off if I went to a job interview I would
act polite and
professional if I were elected to
congress and I knew that getting
attention was just like money I would be
provocative in other words because I
have a functional brain I will modify my
behavior for the circumstances so that I
get the best the best pull from the
certain circumstance now
if the Wall Street Journal thinks that
that Gates is going to go to the
Attorney General job and act the same
way that he acted in Congress where
provocation was rewarded and then he
would go where provocation is definitely
not rewarded and he would not figure
that out and you don't think he's smart
enough to know that the way you act as
an attorney general is different than
you act if you're a member of Congress
especially young member of Congress and
different than you would act if you were
on the Supreme Court and different than
you would act if you were a babysitter
and different than you would act in
every place in the world how
about everybody acts different when the
context changes Trump does have you ever
seen Trump interact with say teenagers
or the barber shop or the employees at
McDonald's does Trump act exactly the
same way when he's talking to the
employees at McDonald's as he does when
he's talking to the fake news no he
modifies his performance to the
situation if you don't think Gates is
smart enough to modify his performance
for the
situation you shouldn't be writing
editorials for the Wall Street Journal I
mean that's that's kid stuff this is
basic so that's uh that's disappointing
from The Wall Street Journal
um here's and then of course there's a
lot of worry that uh this is sign in
that Trump is going to get busy with
lawfare maybe so let me let me say this
clearly having a loyalist who's as let's
say as a whose risk reward profile is
what Gates is it does open the
possibility that we could be um I would
be surprised by it but that there could
be a little bit of lawfare that you
didn't see coming some some little
revengeyoutube
now as I've told you too many times I
would not be in favor of that at all and
I will immediately at least be one of
the voices pushing back if I think he
goes too far however that is a risk I'm
really willing to take right the world
is not risk free but what we have is a
situation where the Department of
Justice in my opinion is completely
broken and has become a lawfare
organization the only person I would
trust to dismantle a exist lawfare
situation is somebody like Matt Gates or
if I may say exactly Matt Gates and not
even just somebody like Matt Gates Matt
 Gates like he would be my number
one choice in the whole
world because he's young enough he's
aggressive enough he has the you know he
has the ear of the president and he's
watched the laware and presumably some
of it was against him
so we need more than we need anything in
this country we need somebody to go in
and just brutally get rid of the lawfare
Leaning
people now does that give you the risk
that the pendulum goes too far and then
Republicans become a little law fairy
themselves yes that is a risk and that
is your
job not just Matt Gate's job not the
president's job alone this is your job
as supporters of the president if you
were or or even if you weren't you know
if you're just acting as a citizen as a
citizen you need to be The
Gatekeepers to make sure that doesn't go
too far all right I I plan to be very
serious about that because it's a
legitimate concern if I were a Democrat
I would definitely be worried about that
no doubt about it I'd be worried about
that and I think it's our responsibility
to make sure that that stays Within you
know if you broke a real law then that
has to be
addressed now who would be worried about
that well um we've got Adam cheff who's
a little worried about
it and
uh yeah so Adam schf is not too happy
about the Matt Gates situation now Matt
Gates might not be confirmed so he might
not have enough support um and there
might not uh certainly if he needs
Democrats
but apparently they can do something
clever with the rules where if Trump um
let's see if the two members of Congress
if the Senate and the house do not agree
on an adjournment let's say one wants to
adjourn and one doesn't um then if they
don't agree or they don't agree on the
timing of it then the president can
adjourn them so once they're adjourned
then you can do these recess
appointments now I think they're not
permanent I think they're two years two
years and most or something like that
but you can get a lot done in two years
so we don't know for sure if the
Democrats have a way to thwart that but
it'll be fun to
watch now the point it and uh Matt Gates
has already resigned his job by the way
which as some have pointed out is a
total baller move because because he's
basically said you know I'm in you know
I'm going to do whatever it takes I'm in
on the other hand it might be a
practical decision because it also opens
up um space and it gives Trump another
hit on the Overton window so the Overton
window is you create so much news that
even if there's some of it that normally
would be negative to you you overwhelm
it with new news so this would create
the situ ation where Trump uh you
obviously talking to disantis it would
be dantis decision could uh I think just
select a temporary new um representative
is that how it works do I have the
process right It's Des santis right d
santis gets to fill the space until the
next election is that correct now who do
you think he'd fill the space with well
it turns out that Laura Trump has
expressed interest in an
interview now she didn't say it directly
she just said if asked you know she
would of course serve now that's a
yes how much fun would that be because
she's coming off a what looks like a
terrific job um for the
RNC and she fits
every she checks off every box I she's
definitely smart enough she's great on
TV she's got Central Casting look she's
you know as loyal as you could possibly
be it's hard to imag imagine that
there's any box she doesn't check so I'd
be for it but it would also be great
provocative news to add to the uh the
whole cycle then there's also people who
say that there's some uh ethics report
that might be in the works against Gates
and if he's no longer in the house then
any ethics report would presumably just
go away because there's no point in it
so there could be several reasons for
him to announce he's leaving early
um but uh sure made things
interesting let's see uh Eric swell
doesn't like it Adam Schiff doesn't
like Gates being there and uh what do
those two guys have in common Adam
Schiff and Eric swell what do they have
in
common I think I've told you that uh in
the Democrat World they have regular
Liars that would be just you know any
Senator representative they're going to
say things or exaggerations about Trump
or maybe they'll spread one of the
hoaxes or something but sort of General
ordinary political lying but when they
need somebody to lie the big lies like
the really big Whoppers the ones that
even the regular Democrats won't touch
they Trot out Adam Schiff and Eric
swalwell every time it's always those
two right so so once you realize that
they're the designated liars and that
you know the the the ones that come out
with them are like you know
Woodward and Brennan sometimes Clapper
like there's there's this group of
people who always accompany the biggest
lie so the two of the biggest lie guys
Adam Schiff and Eric swall are like oh
no they're they're all over TV and well
not on TV in shift's case but they're
they're both the vocal ones now I think
they both have something to worry about
again they should be completely
protected against
lawfare
100%
but it seems to me there are
observable behaviors that need to be
looked into that a normal reasonable
person would say yeah we kind of need to
look into that so I don't want it to
cross any any
barriers into lawfare but uh I could see
why they'd be worried all right the
choice of Pete Heth
as Secretary of
Defense I'm watching a number of people
have a reaction very similar to my own
which is what that can't be
true Pete Heth wait you're talking about
Pete heg Seth are you pronouncing that
right the you talk about the fox weekend
host
you did you couldn't even get like a
weekday host you had to get like a
weekend host and then you then you dig
down and you find out that number one
he's brilliant and he's got you know
Harvard and Yale on his resume and he
spent a lot of time in some pretty
serious military
positions and he was once um considered
it for head of the VA the first
administration because he's done so much
work for veterans
and then I said to myself wait a minute
he knows the military from the bottom up
he's you definitely uh loyal to Trump
and then I watched some clips where he
is super anti-woke and wants to get rid
of all the generals who would be Dei and
woke people and I said to myself I've
never seen any more anyone more perfect
for the job and he also has the Central
Casting thing has the look so I went
from this is
stupid to is this
genius is is this as smart as it looks
because it might be
like not Yale I saw a Yale I think I
thought there was some Yale he had two
degrees so I'll take a fact check on
that there might be a fact check on his
degrees but in any case he is both
brilliant and he has enough connections
with and experience with and all the
right ways the military that uh he
doesn't have to be he doesn't have to do
the jobs of the people who would work
for him that's their jobs but for the
big decision-making things the Bold
changes the getting rid of a general the
you know the the big changes that we
might need to make in funding and
spending and all those things yeah you
know what I I I say open
mind and uh you know I'm sure he was
looked at very carefully for that job
and uh let's see what happens I I do
think that I want somebody that Trump
can trust more than I want somebody with
experience and I'll say that with no
hesitation for that job The Experience
doesn't count as much because you know
it knows how to run itself no matter who
the boss is but for the special things
that the boss has to do such as fire a
general or change the general direction
to be more compatible with what Trump
wants or even just to make sure that
when Trump says he wants something it
actually gets executed and not slow
walked so you need somebody who can
recognize the slow walk like when
something's ordered they go oh yeah
we'll do that but it takes five years so
and then you need somebody say no it
doesn't it takes two months to do it
anyway so he might be a great choice
tulsey gabber Director of National
Intelligence oh well let me say one more
thing about P Heth I saw a video uh by
Don Lemon before he left Twitter as he
calls it I call it X and he was laughing
and mocking that Pete hegseth would be
chosen for Secretary of
Defense so let me summarize the
situation for
you uh there was a guy named Don Lemon
who worked for a network TV outfit there
was a guy named P Heth who worked for a
competing TV news Outlet probably pretty
similar pay pretty similar
visibility and uh one of them just got
promoted to the Secretary of
Defense in charge of the strongest
military in the history of the known
universe the other one is Don
and he just left
X okay so you can sort of see why he'd
have an attitude about it didn't work
out the way he
hoped now who else got a good promotion
oh somebody else got a good promotion uh
there was this woman you may have heard
of her she was on the terrorist watch
list yeah she was on the terrorist watch
list
that's that's
dangerous so but she got promoted to be
the Director of National Intelligence
her name is tulsy
Gabbert yep went from being on the
terrorist watch list so she couldn't fly
without people following around to the
boss of all those
people well not all the people in the
TSA I suppose but uh that's like the had
intelligence
job now is Tulsi Gabbert the right
choice for
that I like
it I like it a lot yeah I'm all in on
that one and again um can you trust
Tulsi gabard to be working productively
and to be honest with
Trump
yes yes yes yes so love
it uh I think she'll be confirmed Rubio
for secretary
State now I know some of you are
thinking Rubio might be too neocon I
don't think you have to worry about that
at all here's why he's got a boss called
Trump Rubio is not going to be out like
doing his own
thing Rubio is smart enough he's been
around enough that he knows what that
job is the job is to do the do the work
of the president if he has a problem
with the president's Direct ction he'll
talk to him privately but no do I do I
think that Rubi Rubio has the experience
the personality the the character
the I don't know the vision yes yes he
has all that could Rubio be a president
someday yes absolutely I don't know if
he'd be my first choice depends who's
running but no I don't have any problems
with him at all and I'm not worried
about the neocon thing cuz I think that
as long as Trump's the boss that takes
care of
itself um then the the left is running
out of insults they can't even figure
out how to insult anybody so you may
have heard that uh the Doge effort do G
which stands for Department of
government efficiency the Elon Musk
effort to make the government more
efficient and smaller and cost less um
will now be joined with v
ramaswami so they will partner on this
effort I don't know if they have a ones
in charge or or their Partners or or
whatever and maybe they don't need to
even have that
but what do you think of that let me
tell you what Lawrence O'Donnell on
MSNBC says he says that musk got quote a
humiliating
demotion from the head of Doge to
Simply A A co-worker with VI yeah that
was a humiliating demotion to find that
one of the most capable people we've
ever seen even anywhere near our
government is going to work on the
hardest problem we've ever had to crack
which is how do you fix the
government now you have to work really
hard to turn that positive into a
negative it it would be like if you
found that um Ben Franklin if he had
been alive at the same time Ben Franklin
and Thomas Edison have teamed up and
then Lawrence O'Donnell would be it's a
humiliating demotion for Ben
Franklin and I'd be like okay you
realize they're probably better together
right humiliating demotion and and then
you look at Lawrence O'Donald's face and
he has that mental illness face where
his smile doesn't match what he's saying
and a humiliating devotion he's like
enjoying it too much it's like some
weird almost looks like he's
masturbating under the desk when he
talks
almost anyway um there was some concern
about
uh um security because if you start
cutting the government there's a lot of
people in the government were very very
bad people and literally murderers so
you know or Killers let's say but our
government includes a lot of people who
have killed people right people who are
in the military have killed people
people in the intelligence Community
have killed people people in the Senate
have voted for things that that they
knew would kill people so the government
is actually the one organization has
more killers in it than prison I think
as a percentage certainly as a number
but don't you think there are more
Killers literally killers in the
government than there are in their
prisons CU most of the prisoners are not
murderers but there's a whole lot of
people in the State Department the
military and the government who have
been in the military and literally have
killed people
right so if you're trying to downsize
and take away something that's valuable
to the largest group of literally
killers that that we have outside of the
military itself you know the active
military um it's dangerous so musk
actually said on X yeah I have to say
that cutting this much waste will make a
lot of bad people angry we need extra
tight security
but Joshua Hartley on X took it to
another level and I boosted this one he
said uh maybe we should skip the massive
inauguration ceremony too much security
risk given uh uh who you are planning to
expose fire and dismantle have been
waging Shadow Wars domestically and
internationally for the past 60 years
celebrate when balance and Order are
restored you know what
I agree with
that as much as I think a um an
inauguration ceremony is sort of good
for the I don't know the the body of the
country you know it gives us moments and
these moments create the country you
know these moments where we all focus on
the same thing but I think it's too
dangerous to put this government
Outdoors at this point in time and it's
outdoors right now all it takes
is well I don't have to give the bad
guys any ideas right um I think maybe
the era of large outdoor events where
you have me multiple members of
government there like are we going to
put our president and our vice president
on the same stage are we really going to
do
that because if if any one of them is on
the stage the other one needs to be in
the
bunker or you know at least the vice
president does so and what and what if
somebody says it's more than a twofer
you know what if you get several of them
like was some kind of event that kills
more than one person this is really
scary now Trump is uh not likely to back
down so I think he is most likely to go
ahead and do it publicly but let me just
say uh um from the perspective of one
citizen this is just my opinion
uh this is not worth the risk to
me so I'll just say personally that
level of risk of going in public with
these people that you've chosen
especially that's more risk than I'm
willing to accept for the benefit of
just having a TV event that you didn't
really need to
do so maybe some of you disagree with me
and I would respect that disagreement
but we really are in a different time
and we don't know the size of the risk
and I think all of us have said why are
the Democrats so
quiet it's almost like they have a
plan and I don't like any of it so
without knowing what the plan is I would
assume the worst just assume the worst
now it's possible that the reason
Democrats are so quiet is that they've
been thoroughly destroyed and even when
they talk among themselves all they can
do is argue about whose fault it was
probably so there could be two reasons
one is they're completely dismantled
there's just nobody to talk to anybody
or have any good
ideas but the other is that they do have
a plan and that one that one's
scary um we're still waiting for more
announcements and more
nominations um the one that excites me
the most although I'm really excited
about all the ones we have so far would
be uh
hopefully the head of Hud will be buil
po if he's willing to take the job I
think he might but he has the whole
stack people like he's got the the
building industry experience it's in his
blood he was literally born to it and
worked with it he's an entrepreneur he's
Pro Trump he's the he's one of the best
communicators I've ever seen in my life
I saw one of his hits yesterday on um
one of the networks I think it was Fox
Business and I was just sort of looking
at the quality of his answers oh my
God you know you know how impressed you
are when you watch vake or you watch um
your JD
Vance and you say to yourself we we
don't have people who talk that well
like this is a whole new game where
where somebody's answer isn't just
complete but it's right on target hits
every point hits all the persuasion
points and shows intelligence and and
empathy at the same time and that's what
P has right you have to watch it if if
you haven't seen him talk just watch how
well he answers questions and you tell
me that Trump doesn't want more of that
he does so we don't know if this going
to happen but HUD right now is the you
know Housing and Urban Development but I
think it would be the natural place that
the Trump Freedom cities would be
focused and I think that's the most
exciting thing for the future of the
country you know AI will be part of it
and self-driving cars will be part of it
and all that but we need to redesign
cities so I don't know if I've ever said
this directly so maybe there's a reason
you don't know why I'm so excited about
designing
cities we need to figure out how to
design one that works really well and
then reproduce it what we're not going
to be able to do is tweak the existing
cities they're they're just too
structurally hard to change you're going
to have to figure out maybe a variety of
different flavors of cities designed
with completely different uh intentions
and different uh organizational
assumptions and just see which ones work
some will work for some kind of people
some will work with others but there's
nothing more important because our our
expenses and our jobs are so focused
around building and homes everything
from the furniture to the Carpenters
that if we can if we can reinvigorate
the building industry in a way that's
not just do some more
building that's like one or two% on the
GDP I mean we're talking we're talking
really fun then then then we're really
having
fun anyway uh the head of poly markets
which we talked a lot about um has been
I guess his phones and electronic
devices have been seized by authorities
and we don't know what he's charged with
if anything or if he will be but it made
uh Mike covich point out that uh his own
comments about his phone suddenly
getting slow did anybody have the
experience that their phone started
slowing down in the last month or so
because I had that experience too my my
phone went from battery life lasting all
day to maybe an hour or at least it
seems like it like it it it's almost
useless my phone is almost useless
because I always just have to worry
about tra um charging it now I
thought that Apple was doing that thing
where they make your phone bad just in
time for when you're thinking about an
upgrade and I'm thinking about an
upgrade and there's a new upgrade cycle
coming and then just like before in
Prior upgrades my phone's battery gets
really bad when it's time to look for a
new phone and yes it was enough to
convince me to buy a new phone I haven't
done it yet but I'm definitely buying a
new phone because my current one doesn't
work well enough to keep
now cerovich would be on on a pretty
short list of people that bad guys would
want to see if they could get any dirt
on right yeah you you figure if there's
any bad
guys using surveillance in ways that
maybe isn't
appropriate he would be on the short
list I too would be on the short list of
people that they would look at if
they're just searching around looking
for some dirt now in my case they're not
going to find anything because um as
I've told you many times for at least 25
years I've lived my life like there are
no secrets meaning that it doesn't mean
there aren't things that would be maybe
like embarrassing or something
but I don't care about being
embarrassed so literally anytime I write
anything that if if it were found like
i' I'd have to explain it I don't care
I'm
fine there there are plenty of things I
might have to
explain but okay none of them are going
to embarrass me enough that I care
so
um so I'm not going to make a uh I I
guess I won't say that I know what's
happening because the the odds that it's
just a technology and marketing reason
that my phone is dying
it's pretty good but it is true that if
your phone gets slow it could be an
indication that somebody's in it that's
true I do believe that my phone is
penetrated but I wouldn't know if it's
our country or China or anything
else but yes I assume my phone is not
secure
um so the Harris campaign we hear from
Ms um oh no we hear from somebody else
that uh donated half a million dollars
to Al Sharpton's nonprofit before he
interviewed her on what is called a
softball interview on MSNBC now is that
an example of moneya laundering
coincidentally his uh his nonprofit
which I'm sure pays him a salary and
maybe pays for some of his expenses
suddenly got half a million dollars from
the very person that he's going to
endorse now how about those other
celebrities that got millions of dollars
and then also
endorsed now on paper it looks like they
got their millions of dollars maybe to
entertain or maybe to
appear but in reality it's to us it just
looks
like it just looks like moneya
laundering looks like
bribery I guess bribery and money
laundering are different but it looks
like the combination of bribery and
money laundering now is it remember I
told you earlier this seems like
literally everything Democrats
do it all has the same element where
there's a large amount of money that's
being pushed through sketchy
organizations so everybody can get a
taste and it's just over and over and
over again this is the reason I think
you need to build new cities because the
existing cities allow the elected
politicians to decide where the big um
contracts and bids go
to which means that all cities are
corrupt
if you give local politicians the power
to decide where the money
goes you're guaranteed to have
corruption guaranteed that that
responsibility needs to be taken away
from the city leaders they shouldn't
have control over money flowing through
the system in that way or there's more
transparency you could get to it that
way that's Central
planning
[Music]
um well everything is centrally planned
it's just what the center
is anyway Candace Owens has a uh had a
whistleblower CIA whistleblower Kevin
chip and he says that Martin Luther King
was murdered by the
CIA H and uh which is interesting
because Trump had promised that he would
release those files as well and he says
that was a CIA operation because they
considered him a dangerous communist and
the FBI was bugging the churches where
giving some of his speeches he was a top
Target for
elimination how many of you believe that
the CIA killed Martin Luther
King I I always just assumed it didn't
you always assume that I I don't know
when I first started assuming it but I
always thought it was so
obvious I mean after I was you know at a
school you know when I was in school of
course I was just propagandized but once
I became an adult and started seeing how
the real world
worked it didn't take me long to piece
it together and it wasn't because I saw
something on the news the the whole time
I was like wait a minute so they're
saying that the CIA or somebody may have
killed
Kennedy and he
was provocative but elected president
what are the odds that Martin Luther
King was a totally random
shooter you know so I I think I'd work
that one out on my own that that didn't
really look like a coincidence to me so
um he was dangerous to the
system um so he was considered dangerous
to the
system now isn't it interesting that the
same people who allegedly killed him
elevated him to a
symbol of uh peace and a model to follow
here's what I think I think that Martin
Luther King was elevated by the white
leadership of the country because he
preached
peace and so as long as they focused on
the peaceful part they could keep
control of the the part of the country
they wanted to control apparently and
they would they would use him as their
brainwashing operation while at the same
time their their internal view was that
he was so bad bad he had to be killed
but if they could sell him as a symbol
of peace then he could keep future
Generations
passive so I always thought he was just
an OP not well he wasn't the op he he
was doing his thing but that he was used
as part of somebody else's
op anyway um there's research in cyos
that suggests people are getting more
bored because of phones and stuff I will
disagree with that because I have not
been bored since phones were
smartphones how many of you would say
the same I I don't remember the last
time I was bored but boredom when I was
a child was my number one problem my
number one problem I was bored out of my
freaking skull as a child in school
bored in college bored now not in the
fun Parts but bored in the classes and
stuff
so boredom has been and i' I've said
this before boredom has been one of my
biggest challenges in my whole life and
that went completely away when
smartphones became
workable because I'm standing in line
I'm looking at my phone I'm
fascinated there there's not a time when
there isn't something on my phone that
fascinates me so I haven't been bored
have any of you
maybe you're Bor you may be lonely more
than you're
bored uh loneliness is still real I mean
that your phone won't solve
loneliness and now there's uh thoughts
from the Harvard Crimson is writing
about some research that pesticide
consumption might be linked to male
infertility it's a Harvard study so they
say if you're eating some fruit that's
got thick skin maybe it's not so bad but
if you're eating thin skin stuff like a
strawberry maybe the pesticides are
getting in there and maybe you should
think of some organic strawberries that
are small and weird looking uh that
ladies and
gentlemen is the
conclusion of my incredible podcast for
today and uh I'm going to say a few
words to the local
subscribers privately I'm going to say
goodbye to X and YouTube and Rumble
thanks for joining you've been
awesome and what a week it's just going
to get
better
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for