I'm pumpin pumpin pumpin pumpin pum pum
pum pum pum hey everybody come on in
here it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams I'm Scott Adams and if you're
prepared and if you knew this was coming
and if you have some kind of a cup or a
glass or a mug you could have a stylish
Elvis or a tankard
you might have a thermos or possibly a
flask but what you should do is fill it
with your favorite liquid so that you
can enjoy the unparalleled pleasure of
the simultaneous sip yeah your dopamine
is about to take a ride to Mars join me
now for the simultaneous imp dopamine
everywhere all right good stuff in
several minutes we're going to have a
special guest you're gonna enjoy it
Erik Finland will be I see he's already
joined so in a bit we'll I'll invite him
on so Erik hold tight well we build up
our audience here I going to talk about
a few other things number one at the
same time that the National Review I
think it was Kevin Williamson was
writing that brainwashing is not real so
so one publication is writing a story
that says brainwashing is not real the
other part of the news is writing a
story about a cult called an XIV M now I
understand there were a pretty effective
cult but they really need help with
branding because if you get a name your
cult and XIV M and that's not even
trying they need a little help on the
the naming stuff anyway the cult is in
trouble because the leader Renier is
accused of brainwashing all of his
members in the cult it turns out that
not only did he brainwash them to become
sex slaves
but he also got him got them to agree to
be branded branded with a hot poker like
a cow he convinced a whole bunch of
women to hold still while a hot poker
branded them and when they were done
they said hey this is great I'm glad I
did that
now do you believe that brainwashing
isn't real i all think so I don't think
so but at the same time the people are
saying brainwashing is not real there's
yet another article in The Washington
Post saying that Sarah Sanders was part
of the quote gaslighting she's doing it
she did a bunch of gas lighting gas
lighting is not real gas lighting is the
thing that happened once in a movie it
didn't even happen more than once in
movies in the entire universe of reality
and then within reality there's this
smaller universe of let's say
entertainment it's never happened in the
larger reality gas lighting has never
happened and in the smaller reality of
entertainment it's only happened once in
one movie one time that's it it doesn't
exist anywhere in the real world and
almost doesn't exist anywhere in the
entertainment world just once one movie
one time and then in the Washington Post
writes it like it's news it's like well
every you could say it I look at all
this gas lighting did you see that gas
lighting over there there's a whole pile
look at you what do you mean you can't
see it there's a whole pile of it right
over there look at that a giant pile of
gas lighting you can't see it you can't
see anything there because I'm pretty
sure I see it let me remind you of my
filter on reality for trying to decide
what is real and what is not real filter
number one is it reported the same on
the two opposing sides meaning does Fox
News say it's true and real at the same
time the CNN and MSNBC say that it's
real No
because you're not going to find a lot
of people on Fox News telling you that
the president was engaged in something
called gas lighting only one only one
side reports in that filter almost
certainly guarantee is it's not real if
both of them don't report it it's not
real all right if you have a hurricane
Fox reports it see then reports it it's
real really had a hurricane if one of
them reports that somebody was engaged
in a secret plot the gas light which by
the way the definition is someone trying
to make you think you're crazy
and thus drive you crazy in other words
gas lighting is not just lying gas
lighting is not telling something that's
not true gas lighting specifically just
to drive the person crazy and make them
down all of their senses never happened
nobody's doing it nobody's tried to do
it it isn't a thing
Sarah Sanders hasn't done it so here's
here's the other filter prediction if
your view of the world predicts well you
probably have a pretty good view of the
world or at least one that predicts well
that's as well as you can do sometimes
hmm sorry and what predicts weather
what is a better prediction I say
brainwashing is real and so my
prediction would be that you should see
lots of examples of it and sure enough
there's a headline about it this cult I
just mentioned this NX IBM is literally
brainwashing like wise you would expect
that people would believe ridiculous
untruths if if brainwash E is real there
would be people who had been brainwashed
to believe ridiculous things for example
I'll give you one on both sides for
example people believe that the
president called neo Nazis fine people
in public while he was president now
that only doesn't didn't happen but it's
so easy to prove it didn't happen you
just read the transcript look at the
video so my belief my worldview says
that brainwash E is real and you should
see lots of example
of it there's an example you can verify
yourself here people who say that he
said this thing here's the actual quote
you can see it's not real truth here's
another one when when the people on the
right I won't name names we're saying
that Hillary Clinton was giving away all
of our valuable uranium resources I said
well that doesn't sound real to me it's
not being reported on the other network
is true and the the idea was there are
two parts of that uranium one story that
I'm referring to one is that maybe the
Clintons enriched themselves by being
part of that approval process I'm not
talking about that part I'm talking
about the claim that we had given away
20% of our valuable national resources
that had some kind of important
strategic value the plutonium turns out
today we learn that we've got a hundred
years of plutonium and if we start
putting generation for nuclear power
online that a hundred years of plutonium
might go to thousands of years so we
have so much plutonium we don't know
what to do with it right so it was never
true that the Hillary Clinton was giving
away 20% of our important asset that
somehow we couldn't replace or we need
it just was never true so that was
brainwashing and my prediction is that
people would believe it and they did
now how about gas lighting if gas
lighting is real you would expect you
know both networks to say it which they
don't but you would also expect to find
somebody somewhere someday who said that
they were engaged in it maybe not right
away but you would predict okay maybe in
a few years there'll be some pollster or
some experts some some adviser to the
president who said yeah we sat in a room
and we decided we're gonna make people
actually doubt their sanity we're gonna
say things so untrue that people will
think they're actually crazy and that's
not part of our strategy you're never
gonna see that nobody's ever gonna write
to tell the tell-all book and you know
they're going to be tell-all books so
private conversations is everything
you're never gonna see the tell-all book
where somebody said yeah somebody said
yeah we were gas lighting that's what we
plan to do that's what we tried to
execute Michael Wolfe doesn't say that
all right um let me bring in let's see
if Eric is ready Eric I don't see you
signed up as a guest yet so Eric you
must be on a mobile device it won't work
and a laptop or a desktop you must be on
a mobile device to join this guest and
look for the little icons that look like
smiley faces at the bottom and when
you've done that there you are
I'm gonna bring you on now Eric Finland
will be coming with us at a moment
should his Wi-Fi be working
looks like it's cranking a little bit
there so let's we might have to retry
this if it doesn't come in Eric if you
could hear me I can see the progress
indicator going crazy but nothing's
happening so all right that didn't work
let's try again Eric went off and kick
got back on and now let's see if this
works a second time there we go Eric can
you hear me yay I have so much so many
things I want to talk about with you so
I'm gonna just jump in okay absolutely
sounds wonderful
all right so for those of you who don't
know Eric number one you should he's a
great follow on Instagram and Twitter so
you should do that I'll give you
information on that in a bit but Eric
how old are you now Eric I'm an old man
I just turned 20 recently my god he's 20
years old and your story involved not
wanting to finish school can you give us
give us the quick version of high school
Eric and what happened in terms of your
educational quest can you give us that
give us a little background on that
absolutely so yeah I mean I grew up in
in Idaho in the middle of nowhere and I
went to I always I kind of tried going
to schools but I never really fit in in
any schools so I kind of I went to
pretty much every school in North Idaho
and then eventually yeah I went I mean
myself to kind of just the local public
high school and it kind of wasn't a good
experience I didn't really get good
grades I think my GPA was like a 2.1 and
then they and then I had one teacher you
know and just kind of said I should just
drop out and work for McDonald's because
that's all ever amount to one in life
I'm seeing that in the comments people
are asking you to speak a little louder
because sometimes the gas come in the
guests come in a little lower volume so
you were in Idaho tell what what are
your what did your parents do and what
do they still do um yeah so sweet on my
family they they do a couple things
they're very very eccentric so on my
parents they simultaneously they run a
business where we're on every Humvee in
the US military they have this amplifier
on it which jams people from remotely
blowing up mines under Humvees and I
don't know kind of another technology
which allows you to you know fly kind of
a a communications drone from San
Francisco in the Middle East and then
they also run a llama farm so pretty so
pretty much your father is Tony Stark
and your mother is mrs. Tony Stark
they're both I guess they're both Tony
Stark's aren't they they're both
scientists or both our jobs yeah they're
both they got they met getting their
PhDs at Stanford very right so you got
these super smart successful inventor
type parents and you didn't like school
and there's there's a point where you
took another path so give us that quick
story absolutely so I did take that one
teachers advice to drop out but I
skipped the McDonald's part um yeah I
dropped out when I was fifteen and at
the time I got into Bitcoin when I in
2011 when I was about 12 years old with
with the help of my brother so when I
was fifteen I kind of amassed you know
one Bitcoin is worth next to nothing I'm
asked about a hundred thousand dollars
worth by the time I was fifteen
so I dropped out you know and I I
decided to drop out and then I took my
money and moved to Silicon Valley to
Palo Alto and then I it was my dream to
start a startup and that's why I wanted
to get I actually tried to get good
grades in school I tried really hard but
my kind of creativity and my brain
wouldn't allow me to is I wasn't going
so how old were you when you went to
Silicon Valley with your $100,000 you
made with Bitcoin 15 years old 15 years
old and you went without a parent no no
yeah my mom was very worried but but it
was cool I mean I kind of roll with it
you know all right so let me tell the
audience what what I know that they
don't know yet so I know Eric we've
we've had lunch few times we've talked a
bunch of times and the strangest thing
about Eric so this is something you're
gonna hear for the first time Eric is
that you can't imagine how many people
ask me to have lunch you know people are
always saying hey let's get together to
lunch it'sit's an everyday thing if
you're successful or you're in the
public eye happens all the time and of
course I say no to basically everybody
because I just don't have time to go to
lunch with strangers
Eric says do you want to go to lunch and
I said okay and I still don't know why
like I actually think about that all the
time I think why did I say yes to go to
lunch I think had something to do with
the fact that you're young and doing
things I thought it was going to be a
good story but the other thing they
don't know is that you're tall how tall
are you I'm 62 yeah so he's six - and
you were and you were tall even as a
teenager right I mean you're barely just
not a teenager and so so Eric walks in
into their room and he just physically
you're like an adult and I and there's
something about your mannerism or
persona where people like to hang out
with you you're just you're just really
fun to hang out with and and I've
noticed this in your story there's a
part where you met the reddit co-founder
is that true yeah I did
actually my dream was to go to Stanford
and start a startup when I graduated but
when I was 15 when I was down there I
ended up speaking at Stanford with him
to stand for students on how to start a
business right so so one of Eric's magic
powers is that you've met an astonishing
number of famous and rich people by the
age of 20 and you were you were doing
that as a teenager you were you were
just calling up people who were famous
but what was the most famous person that
you've just contact and said hey let's
get together and then he got together um
I don't know I mean Casey nice that was
one of them like I remember all the
youtubers like Logan apology call Casey
Neistat you know I emailed the CEO of
FedEx so we did the satellite project
and they were actually shipping it using
FedEx and then it had to get there by
we're like shipping it like a week
before but FedEx lost her package and
when we emailed the FedEx CEO just out
of the blue like I was because I just
have such luck with like cold messaging
people and yeah he he said an exact task
force to find my satellite and then he
dictated a personal plane to fly my
satellites Colin Cowie I have this
theory that there are some people who
were magnets for other famous people and
you were clearly in that category all
right but we've we fast-forwards over a
couple of good things
so you you're first tell us about your
first startup boat angle yeah so um you
know I created it when I was I was 15
and it was an education startup boat
angle and then I it was a wave where you
could type in any subject you wanted to
learn and then find someone to teach you
over video chat you know you're familiar
with that concept Scott yes and then and
then yeah and then I I did that because
I wanted to solve my own problem you
know when I was 15 I had all these
teachers that hated me said I'd be a
failure and then you know I found
actually I was using this my own sites
to solve my own problems and I I kind of
I you know I was learning rather than
learning Spanish from somebody in North
Idaho probably the whitest state in the
Union um I was learning Spanish and you
know from somebody in Ecuador just using
my own site
no rather than you know learning kind of
math from again somebody in North Idaho
I was learning math from somebody that
was a grad student at Oxford now that's
that experience with that startup is no
doubt at least informed part part of why
you made a recommendation for the when
the cryptocurrency that my startup does
because we have the product that lets
you talk to an expert so it was similar
enough to why you were done that you you
recognized some value there so so for
those of you came recognizes game so so
in full disclosure you own some wend
which are the cryptocurrency from my
startup and we do know each other so
just so the audience knows full
disclosure
now you sold that and then you used your
you you accepted for selling boat angle
you accepted Bitcoin right yes yes I
sold my company for Bitcoin at the time
so this Bitcoin is working out pretty
pretty well for you wouldn't you say
alright so then I want you answer this
this trivia question that you'll be the
only one who can answer who is the the
cartoon character that is the highest up
in space right now oh yes Dilbert
Dilbert is correct so why don't you tell
people why the Dilbert character is
higher up in space than any other
cartoon character right now and your
role in that tell us about that
absolutely so you know I was bored and
and I wanted to launch a satellite so I
got a really good group of really good
group kind of an Avengers team of
teenagers together and all that and and
then we kind of pitched to do this
educational mission called Alanna which
NASA NASA did educational launch of
something satellites or something so
anyways we we pitched for that satellite
and we won kind of this whole NASA thing
where they would cover completely the
costs of all the multi-million dollar
launch costs of the satellite and
everything
so it was amazing and one of the things
you know we did many things on it we you
know we put a camera on there where we
wanted to do the first video game in
space another thing that we want to do
on there or did is is do a time capsule
so I email I wanted to message I wanted
to really represent kind of the world
this is like a 21st century Carl Sagan
golden record if you're familiar where
where we wanted to kind of use now that
everybody has a call and everybody has
planes like back when that was launched
it was in the 70s we wanted to kind of
create something where we get all the
artists all the leaders all the all the
leaders of culture all the leaders of
politics all the algae's leaders and
then also normal people get one video
from at least almost every country in
the world and we did that and kind of
put this all into one time capsule and
launch it into space so you know you're
one of you know a huge political
influencer and then and you know you're
you're very culturally relevant like
Dilbert is is you know one of the big
cultural content the most famous comic
you know cultural comic newspaper comic
today so yeah I got people like that you
know we got people like Eric Trump to
contribute to the time capsule so I went
to Trump Tower legado made make space
quick in that I got Taylor Swift which
was really cool she sent us a message
and her favorite music and then we got
Scott Adams
alright so does so they've launched a
satellite and you have a new startup
which I'm very interested in tell us
about your new startup absolutely so you
know I got into Bitcoin you know really
young and and in really early and by the
time I was 18 I became that
quote-unquote you know youngest Bitcoin
millionaire in the world and then so I
wanted to create something that kind of
allowed other people to get into Bitcoin
that was super easy because to me I
think that was the biggest hurdle for
people how many billions of dollars were
lost because of people that had heard
about Bitcoin but just didn't know how
to get into it or if they did know a
site to get into it it was just too hard
so that's why be launched on kalinda
Scott Quinn that's ascom a couple weeks
ago which basically you just sign up
connect your payment information and
then your invest in with Bitcoin is just
that easy
so you just connect it to your bank and
it
it's what does it do it rounds up how
does it absolutely say you connect here
so kind of the tagline we have for it is
big quite investing on autopilot we
didn't want you checking in every day we
wanted it so you could just connect your
car which is what we did and then every
time you swipe it rounds up to the
nearest dollar and invest that much in
Bitcoin for you so if you buy a buck 75
on french fries it rounds up 25 cents
and those really kind of things add up
every time you use your card now let's
talk about the word invest on my on my
periscopes I never used that word what
I'm talking about cryptocurrency because
I don't want to make it look like I'm
recommending any kind of investment and
crypto is hard to call it an investment
but bitcoin is sort of unique in the
sense that it's obviously the you know
the the leader among the cryptos and do
you see it as an investment as a
diversification vehicle primarily like
you would buy gold or silver or do you
see it as something that's a growth
vehicle how do you describe it so that
you stay on the right side of the law
with investment yeah I mean I'd say it's
the I to me I think of it as the digital
gold so I think it's kind of however you
feel about gold I think there's a good
way to feel about the point digital gold
alright I like that
and you've been right about Bitcoin so
far and what is your prediction about
the future of Bitcoin absolutely so I
think we're gonna reach $20,000 by the
end of the year and I made that
prediction when it was about 7,000
something so what does it know it went
up to 90 300 yesterday 90 300 yesterday
so it has been climbing pretty
substantially and say the name of the
the app again so people can find it yeah
the app is coin bits app com
so that's that actually kind of one of
the things that we're going to be doing
like we really we really want to kind of
really promote Bitcoin and promote it
within the community and promote it
outside of the community and one of the
things that were we're going to be doing
is you know Bitcoin it's all about
freedom to centralization very anti Wall
Street and and all that so we're
actually doing a a march on Wall Street
which will be really really cool so a
martin a march
Wall Street - to accomplish what
bringing bringing attention to Bitcoin
or to your app yeah the goal is to you
know Wall Street people they make fun of
Bitcoin and make fun make fun of
blockchain when in reality we're going
to be replacing their jobs and many ways
you know they're gonna be the first that
are going to get their jobs replaced by
automation right and all that so yeah
we're kind of making it like we're here
and and you know you're calling a
scammers and fraudsters that's the most
hypocritical thing coming from Wall
Street people and we're here we're we're
here to send a signal we're here that
we're not going away Bitcoin and
cryptocurrency and watching is here to
stay
could you could you spell the name of
the app people are asking so for some
clarification here absolutely so the app
is on coin bits app com it's spelled C
oh I M as in coin bits vit s and then
cool I'm sorry app a PP com so coin bits
app comics just basically like coins
reversed all right great
and did you hear the story about Kyle
Kasia of having his acceptance Tarver
reversed that it's a brand new a
headline degree Wow
yeah so thinking about your your listen
on standard approach to education which
has worked out great for you he took the
standard route did everything right got
accepted at Harvard and then they said
we found something you said when you
were 16 years old privately on a chat
privately on a chat and we're rescinding
your your acceptance at Harvard he just
found that out
how it three months ago they accepted
him he changed his whole life getting
ready to go to Harvard and Harvard
decided to ruin his life basically based
on their decision so you're you're
non-standard process looks better and
better because you you essentially took
control and you didn't have a boss and
you didn't have anybody telling you what
you could or could not do and that
allowed your creativity to go wherever
needed to go and here you are so I'm not
going to say that everybody should drop
out of school you wouldn't say that
either would you would Eric would you
say that people should should finish
school or is it just sort of a personal
situation it looks like we lost your
audio Eric are you there okay well we've
lost audio with Eric but I was I was
getting ready to wind down so I think
we've said that the main things we
wanted to say so you should do Google
Eric find his find his social media
accounts Eric Finland you can see his
name up there on the screen just do a
search for him and it will pop right up
Eric if you're trying to talk I can't
hear you oh yeah the audio isn't quite
good enough to go so I'm gonna Eric's
gone but so thank you Eric
that's all we wanted to talk about and
so keep an eye on him he's he's the real
deal
so I wanted so I was talking about Kyle
Keshav he was one of these survivors of
the parklands shooting and apparently
because of what he said when he was 16
and somebody somebody sent it to Harvard
and said hey look at this
the first thing I have to say is whoever
sent that stuff to Harvard so we should
you know somebody needs to find what
college they got accepted at and maybe
try to reverse that wouldn't that be
fair wouldn't it be fair they whoever
sent that information to Harvard if we
know who those people are and they were
also accepted to some other college I
would think that other college would
like to know about that
I mean if that's what we're doing if you
know if that's fair fair is fair and on
my personal ranking of horribleness I
would say that saying something horrible
in a private conversation is pretty low
on my list of things to care about
getting somebody kicked out of Harvard
after they've been accepted based on
ratting out their conversations when
they're 16 that pins the frickin needle
on my immorality level if you want to
see immoral that's the people who ratted
this kid out that is the height of
horrible horrible immoral unethical
disreputable disgusting disgusting
behavior whoever you are and probably
more than one person whoever you are I
freaking hate you let me let me be as
clear about that as possible I hate you
you are bad people really just horrible
people Kyle is somebody who did some
stuff that he wishes he hadn't done as
16 they were words the context and by
the way I haven't Levin looked at the
actual words I don't think it matters
but the context as I understand it was
some people trying to be as outrageous
ly bad as they could be in a private
conversation let me make a confession
right here now I have said things in
private conversations I'm gonna confess
right now I have said things in private
conversations to be funny to be funny
you have to keep this part you know
don't lose this part of the the point to
be funny
I've said the worst things that a human
being can say in private to you know one
other person sometimes more than one but
in private to people who understand that
I'm being funny and I'm saying things
that would be beyond shocking if you
heard them in any public situation
things that people say in private that
are horrible should not be judged
outside of that context because if you
do like Harvard did they judge why he
said in private which was meant to be
sort of dark humor
they judged it by the standard of a
public statement and that's why they
they got rid of him that is such a bad
lesson it's immoral it's unethical it's
just it's disgusting I'm talking about
Harvard now so between Harvard which is
just disgusting on this I mean I mean
literally it makes my skin crawl to
think what they did to this kid but
whoever ratted him out is a little bit
worse in my opinion there are people who
they really need to get their act
together so whoever ratted him out has a
life that they need to repair because
it's broken I don't know about Kyle
cashew he says he's grown quite a bit
and he wishes that he could be accepted
for having grown from you know this bad
behavior which he admits to to a better
person I am always down for that if
somebody says I did this I wish I hadn't
here's what I'm gonna do in the future
I've grown I'm a different person
I accept that every time right the
sooner it happens the better but I think
he's soon enough I mean his reaction
seemed soon enough
Harvard however has a lot to explain and
for me their reputation will never
recover from this Harvard will never be
the same University it was because of
this it's so horribly horribly wrong
that I almost can't express how much
just distaste I have for Harvard right
now let's talk about something else so
remember I told you that one of the ways
to determine reality is whether your
predictions can can come true so if your
version of reality predicts well what's
going to happen next you probably have a
pretty good version of reality my
version of reality is that President
Trump is not a gigantic racist and that
I predict that there will be lots of
evidence of that being true so you saw
the for example
you saw the prison reform which seemed
didn't make sense if you imagined he was
a giant racist you saw the the latest
thing where they're trying to what's the
name of it where they're trying to
create jobs for the people who have been
released from prison so it's like phase
to a prison reform does that make sense
if you were the big ol racist would that
makes sense it doesn't but it's
completely compatible with my worldview
that he's not that person and he would
love to fix things for all Americans
including African Americans of course
and yeah here's the funniest part
Israel's Prime Minister Netanyahu has
announced a new settlement in the Golan
Heights named after a quote his great
friend Donald Trump I believe it's
called Trump Heights Israel just named a
town after him now if your worldview is
hey I think he backed the neo-nazis who
were chanting anti-semitic things in
Charles Hill if you think that actually
happened how does that predict the
Israel didn't notice any of that somehow
was like the biggest story in the world
because the biggest story in the United
States tends to be the biggest story in
the world I'm a little I'm a little
biased there but are you telling me that
Israel didn't notice that they're pretty
good at noticing anti-semitism I would I
would say Israel might be the very best
country and noticing anti-semitism in
fact if you were to put Israel up
against oh let's say you know Hungary or
Austria or any other country and you say
let's have a contest let's see which one
of you guys can spot anti-semitism the
best well I'm gonna bet on Israel every
time all day Israel has a really good
sensor for spotting anti-semitism and
they don't see it not only did they not
see it in President Trump specifically
I'm talking about they don't see it they
even named a town after him you don't do
that
if you think there's even a little bit
even a little bit of anti-semitism so
who could have predicted that well I
didn't specifically predict that Israel
would name a city after your settlement
so that would been hard to predict but I
did predict that you would see evidence
that he's not any of these things that
his his enemies are saying now what's
interesting about this is that the
people who believe in gaslighting are
essentially rehab heisting themselves
and brainwashing themselves it's this
whole worldview that is completely at
odds with observation all of our
observations are violating everything
they believe while being completely
consistently true with everything that
probably most of you and what I believe
so watch that watch the consistency of
predictions let's talk about goals
versus systems I'm gonna give you an
example when my book came out I had
failed almost everything and still win
big the big this was 2013 and the big
theme in it was about using systems
instead of goals that idea has changed
really a lot because I don't know how
often you've noticed other articles and
other books and other experts talking
about systems being better than goals
and and and that and also that your
enthusiasm might not be as important as
your talent stack so those are the ideas
I introduced in this book you've seen
other authors pretend that they had
those ideas I'm not going to name names
there's one there's one famous author
who's written a best-selling book that's
just copying my idea hello name names
but I imagine when I wrote this in 2013
that it would have two lives the first
life is when it comes out and because
this is a new book so it gets attention
and people would buy it but I figured
that there would be a second life there
would happen several years after the
first life and the second life would
happen when people realized that that
this book had changed
their lives and they would start talking
about it and that's the phase were in
now if you see on Twitter almost every
day now somebody will tweet at me and
say you know I bought this book in 2013
and it changed my life
I got rich I got a promotion
I built my talent stack where I lost
weight and the most amazing the most
amazing part is the weight loss this is
not a weight loss book it's not a weight
loss book it has a little chapter in it
on how to eat right as a system really
it's in the context of how to make a
system for every part of your life
system 4 exercises system for eating etc
so one chapter in here is changing
people's lives so today on the internet
there's a great little tweet and a blog
post from keto Kelly
so Kelly tells us she lost a hundred
pounds she lost a hundred pounds after a
lifetime of not really succeeding in the
goal of losing weight she read my book
had a failed almost everything and still
win big you can just google my name it
will pop up on Amazon and she reports
and wrote a blog post about how she
figured out how to turn it into a system
you know it turns out that the keto diet
diet must have been the one that worked
for her but the the point is not that
this diet works the point is that she
developed a system to to churn through
the options until she found something
that worked for her so it wasn't about
the specific system it was about her
churning through all the alternatives
until she found her system a hundred
pounds she's lost a hundred pounds
reading a book that's not a diet book
how many people have told me that
they've lost let's say over 50 pounds a
lot I get a lot of email from people who
say you know and messages on social
media I lost 100 pounds I'm gonna give
you a another example of a system over a
goal you can see in the comments
somebody's saying
Angela and Misha is saying totally
life-changing that's great oh they're
talking about my story not their own
story all right yeah you see a lot of
people in the comments who are developed
systems let me tell you about one of my
funny systems 29 years ago I joined a
gym
locally and I moved a few times but I
never far enough away that I didn't that
I didn't keep the same gym and they gave
us these little cards that are our gym
membership cards 29 years ago I said to
myself I'm gonna lose this thing and
it's gonna be real annoying so I don't
want to lose my gym card so I need a
system and here's the system the system
is this for 29 years I said to myself my
gym card can only be in a few different
places it can be in my wallet it can be
in my gym bag or it can be on top of my
dresser but it can never be anywhere
else so if I find it somewhere you know
if I let's say walk into a room and I
don't want it in my pocket I will not
take it out of my pocket and put it on
some place that it doesn't belong 29
years without losing my card how long is
that let me cover my little number here
I want you to look at what I look like
when I started this system that looked
like me today there it is a little bit
different when you say a little bit
different I had something called hair
back then it was awesome I didn't have a
lot of it but I had hair 29 years
without losing this little piece of
plastic because I had a system that
works every time phone how many of you
have broken your phone screen I've had a
phone for a long time do you know how
many phones I've broken zero zero phones
I have never broken a phone oh I have a
little crack on my phone but that's the
crack in the screen so I have a
detectives screen this cracked do you
know how many phones I've lost because I
dropped them in water
zero zero phones I have never lost the
phone because I dropped it in water do
you know why I have a system this phone
will never be over water that's my
system I have used my phone in a hot tub
well unlike people who have lost their
phones many times if you use your phone
in a hot tub don't do this I'm sitting
in a hot tub and directly below me is a
bunch of water I will never do that if I
use it in a hot tub I leave it sitting
flat down like this on the on the dry
edge and I type on it while it's sitting
flat on the dry edge I will never pick
up this phone over water
I will never walk through shallow water
holding it I will never stand in the
water with it in my hand I will never
get near water when it's in my pocket
that's my system so it was zero problems
now I have been responsible for a pain
for lots of phones so stepkids etc how
many phones do step children lose a lot
luckily I insure them so that doesn't
cost that much but everybody who doesn't
use my system they have lost multiple
phones the average person has probably
lost five phones and let me ask let me
ask you this tell me in the comments how
many phones you've cracked or ruined
with water in your whole life so cracked
or ruined with water and your whole life
tell me just give me your number in the
comments so some of you none so those of
you say none probably have a similar set
of everybody saying zero here is it only
the people I know who are about it
seriously all of you are at zero there's
not one person who's ever had a cracked
phone only one person so far
all right this story is just all falling
apart now I thought most of you were
going to say I've lost at least one
phone alright so all the smart people
have a good system so I guess that that
story didn't turn out as well as I hoped
it would I thought I thought everybody
here was gonna say well I lost two
phones all right also the very first
thing I do when I get a phone is I put a
cover on it even if I don't like the
cover here's what dumb people do well
I'm not gonna say dumb well I'll be nice
about that how many people have you seen
buy a brand-new phone and then they look
at the the protective cases that are in
the phone store and they say now the
ones in the phone store are not as good
as what I want I want to shop around a
little bit and get a good protective
case when I see that my head starts to
explode because don't you know that the
odds of you breaking your phone before
you get to the car just went to about a
thousand percent because if you put off
buying the case you're gonna break your
phone all right I mean not every time
but it's certainly the simulation will
make it happen here's what I do I buy a
phone I walk over to the phone case and
I buy a case and I put it on before I
walk out of the store I don't even like
that case if I need a new case later
I'll get one but I'm never gonna walk
out of a store without a case and a
protective screen on my phone ever and
if you do you're not playing this the
odds right all right I was amused to see
that aoc tweeted at Trump something
about impeachment and she says mr.
president you're from Queens you may
fool the rest of us blah blah blah and
just some stuff that a battery should be
impeached but the funny part of the
story is that Trump tweeted back and
neither of these tweets are especially
interesting what's what's interesting is
that they're having an AOC to Trump
conversation I think it's the first time
now when I say conversation I mean
they're addressing just each other I
think it's the first time and Trump said
I think we have a very real risk of
losing always quoting a or C saying that
that Trump might win the re-election
yeah it doesn't matter what he said all
right so what ye thir of them said is
immaterial to my point and not very
interesting but it's it's another
confirmation that whatever AOC is doing
is number one working because who else
is having a conversation with the
President of the United States kind of
rare all right I mean he does he engages
a lot of people but AOC just got
promoted to the Big Show and and the
president has apparently identified her
as important enough to be worthy of a
specific response just to her so
remember what I predicted when she first
burst on the scene when a OC first came
on the scene I said I'm going to predict
that she's the real deal I'm going to
predict that her persuasive power is
something that's going to endure now I
see the little puking emojis here in the
comments and stuff I'm not telling you
you need to like her I'm not telling you
you need to yeah somebody says game
those game I was just gonna say that but
but you beat me to it so yes my my
belief without doing any mind-reading so
this is just speculation on my part I
would bet that if you had a private
conversation with President Trump he
would admire IOC that's what I think now
I'm not saying he likes her policies you
know doesn't like her politics of course
I know that but I'll bet I'll bet those
two if nobody if nobody were watching
and you could never have this situation
but if a obviously and president Truong
hung out together like they just hung
out together and had a coffee or
something I think they'd be friends I
really do all right here's the most fun
thing that's coming up
I sent a message on Twitter to a
democrat candidate andrew yang and i
thought to myself what are the odds that
a democratic president andrew yang would
answer my message on twitter and i asked
him to come on my periscope and i
thought well if anybody would if anybody
were going to come on this periscope
he'd be sort of the perfect one he
responded to me i think within the hour
pretty quickly and he said sure and he
referred me to i think his brother to
set up the appointment so i've got a
message in to set up an appointment so
andrew yang presidential candidate will
be appearing on this periscope sometime
soon if we can schedule it i assume it's
going to happen we'll be able to
schedule it that will be probably the
most interesting conversation one of the
most interesting conversations you're
ever going to see between now and
Election Day I guarantee you this is
gonna be fun in a good way it's fun
you're gonna learn something let me tell
you what I like about Andrew yang I
don't know all of his policies so I'm
not gonna say I love or just like
specific policies here's what I liked
number one somehow he came from nowhere
and we're talking about him how'd that
happen
did you ever ask yourself how in the
world are we talking about Andrew yang
like what what happened
like how's that even possible he doesn't
have you know government experience he's
a young guy I don't know anything about
his background
nothing I'm still talking about him what
did he do to make that happen because
that was Talent all right I'm gonna say
that until we confirm what he did you
know if if I found out he's got a famous
relative or something I might change my
mind but as far as I know it's just
Talent so that makes them interesting
the second the second thing is that
whenever he tweets even if you don't
just even if you don't agree with
is whatever point it's always kind of
interesting he doesn't know how to turn
off interesting like he can't be
uninteresting if he tried compare him to
Kamala Harris try reading calmly
Harris's tweet from beginning to end
without feeling sleepy is it it's like
it's a soporific that's a new word I
learned soporific makes you tired I
think that's what that means
somebody needs to fact check me on that
vocabulary but I I'm actually amazed
when I read a camel Harris Tweed I
almost can't get to the last word and
they're just little tweets and I'm I'm
so bored by the time I get to the end of
it I'm like yeah let's see what camel
hair Stan sighs you know the presidents
of Bickle impeachment we've got to do
better thank you handsome are and then
you read you read a Andrew yang tweet or
a OC tweet or a president Trump tweet
and and it stays with you all day long I
mean all three of those people can give
you a tweet routinely you know not just
once in a while just their everyday
language sticks with you all day long
it's a big difference
all right so I think Andrew yang is a
valuable contributor to the conversation
because he's bringing in ideas that
maybe would not have been introduced his
ubi idea which most of you hate is way
smarter than you think it is I'm not
gonna say I I think it's a good idea yet
we'll hear him argue before it well I
think you're in for a surprise that that
universal basic income idea is way
better than you think on first on first
exposure it's way better maybe not good
enough that you want to do it but it's
way better than you think now we're also
going to ask him about nuclear and green
new deal and some other things so we'll
get to some good stuff anyway whenever
you whenever we schedule an election
navall disagrees with him I think new
Vols take on that is that a universal
basic income would be better if it was
expressed in goods and services so in
other words if you're poor you can have
access to less expensive stuff under
some certain conditions enough to give
you some you know basic quality of life
while you try to try to improve so I
think navall has a good twist on that
that makes sense but it's still ubi it's
just a different form in my opinion all
right why not make the poor rich sure
why not
okay is there anything else anybody
wants to ask me see what time it is up
time to end I think we've done enough
for now maybe maybe more than enough and
I will talk to you later