[Music]
hey everybody come on in here Nicholas
the rest of you we've got to talk about
this flag persuasion and had to do it
right because people are doing it wrong
all over the place and so I thought I'd
set it right as soon as we get a
thousand people all launched into my
point here so this will be a little
persuasion lesson a mini lesson on a
single topic but valuable you can take
it with you all right it goes like this
so a few days ago I recommended that
based on science it's been shown that
people who have seen a picture of the
United States flag once they see the
flag they get primed to vote Republican
even if they weren't inclined a minute
before they saw the flag so the flag has
this weird power over Americans that
just biases them to vote Republican so I
had suggested that starting Sunday which
would be midnight tonight the people
tweet lots of flags but I had a very
specific direction and I'm watching
online some people who are enthusiastic
and trying to get out of it are doing it
completely wrong okay so let me teach
you a persuasion lesson at the same time
I'm telling you why they're doing it
wrong the correct answer is just a flag
no words nothing around the flag that
has any meaning whatsoever so let me
tell you the ones that I've seen that
are wrong so far I've seen a number of
people who are trying to go the extra
distance and they're showing rows of
flags in cemeteries you could not
persuade worse than that Cemetery dead
is the worst thing you want to combine
for this purpose there are plenty of
purpose obviously I'm not I'm not
suggesting that there should be no flags
on the cemetery that's a good place for
them for military people but for this
purpose you only want people to think
about the flag don't take their mind to
war don't take their mind to death in
cemeteries total mistake it's like a
really big mistake it's a 10 and a 10
unmistakeable is so again flag only
nothing around it
no no graves no no buildings I saw
something else tweet an American flag on
a building that looked like maybe a
little rundown don't do that because
people are thinking about the building
the building becomes part of the message
just a flag no words do not add please
vote do not add vote for a candidate do
not add and do your duty do not add
America do not add any words and here's
the persuasion lesson that a company is
a companies that point if you have a
perfect message everything you add to it
takes away from it all right that's the
lesson it seems obvious when I say all
right if you're let if your persuasion
is already solid gold perfect everything
you add to it decreases its power if you
had one word - it decreases its power
one extra image anywhere else of the
picture except maybe the flagpole
decreases its power so that's the
important thing
let me give you an example of how a
trained hypnotist of which I have one
how I use that when I develop Dilbert
you've all seen Dilbert and you know
that Dilbert doesn't have a last name do
you know why Dilbert doesn't have
last name because if he did you would
start reading into him more than I want
you to if he had the last name you'd say
oh that tells me what ethnicity he is
like what what country of origin he's
from and I can't relate to that because
I'm not what ever that country of origin
is so by leaving out Gilbert's last name
I make him more popular anything I added
to tell you where he lives what his last
name is even what kind of car he drives
decreases your ability to relate to him
and say oh yeah I work in an office I'm
that guy you know
likewise you noticed that bought the
boss has no name because the boss is a
perfect prototype of the incompetent
boss the moment I add him a name and say
his name is Bob you say to yourself oh
he reminds me of my boss but my boss is
not named Bob now you don't consciously
do that but everything you say about the
boss that goes beyond the fact that he's
a perfect icon for competent incompetent
bosses the moment you go beyond that and
say his name is Eric you've decreased
its value you haven't increased it so
here's the lesson in hypnosis people
understand that once your message is
perfect do not add to it do not add to
it in the in the sales community that
would be called talking past the sale
not to be confused with making people
think past the sale which is good so
here's an example of talking past the
sale salesperson the salesperson who
will be played by Dale so I say to the
salesperson hey how much of these those
are $59 that's great does everything I
want yes it will charge your phone all
right all right great I'll take it it's
one of the best there is
what it's one of the best batteries you
could buy
you mean there are other batteries that
are in that same class yes so maybe I
should look at them or some of them
better yeah a little bit some of them do
you have any of those better batteries
in stock mmm not right now so if I go
ahead and buy this the way you suggested
I will not have the best battery but I
could walk home and order the best
battery online is that way you're
telling me ma be alright that's an
example of talking past the sale the
sale had been made customer was gonna
buy it he just kept talking until he
said something that made the customer go
what all right so don't make that
mistake with your flag image pick a flag
that's just a flag and I would also
recommend that you not wear people out
with your flag so for example you might
tweet one flag someday tomorrow maybe
one or two maybe by Monday several flags
maybe by Tuesday that's all you're
tweeting so so midnight tonight is when
you should all consider tweeting an
American flag because and let me tell
you there's there is no symbol in the
American experience that is more likely
to get you to stand up do you get that
if you're trying to get people to to act
in a big way and acting in a big way
means planning to vote actually going to
vote you know standing in line is
probably gonna be lie you know doing all
the work of voting
have you tried to get somebody to do a
big thing it really really helps
persuasion wise to first get them to do
a small thing and just sort of get them
going and the American flag is unique
what's your first instinct when you see
an American flag it's to act right
you're going to salute it you're going
to set your heart you're going to stand
for it if you saw let me let me let me
give you two examples you're walking
down the street and there are two things
that you see on the sidewalk and the
ground two things one of them is a $20
bill just laying there and the other is
an American flag and you see them at the
same time in the right next to each
other which one do you pick up first
right all right you're gonna pick up the
flag first and then if the 20 is still
there you'll think about the 20 but
you're gonna pick up the flag first okay
if you're they're close enough together
you pick them up at the same time but
you're gonna pick up the flag so my
point is that the flag creates action
like no symbol ever has for Americans it
is the most action-oriented symbol and
it biases people Republicans so if
that's what you want to bias people
that's what you do okay I want to keep
this just at one point and I will sign
go for now and I'll talk to you later