[Music]
well it's going to be quite the show
today quite the show and as soon as I'm
ready here looking at your notes we're
going to get
going let's see the interface changed a
little bit there we go there we
go we're all set now
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams there's
never been a better time in your life
but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need is a copper mug or
glass a tankered chalice or Stein a
canteen jug or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the Imp
parallel pleasure the dopamine the end
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous zip and it's going to
happen now
go oh that is truly
delightful I can feel every organ in my
body body everything in my body is
starting to come online
finally well the
xplatform is testing a new video
conferencing tool says Tech grunch
so when musk says that X is going to do
everything um he's pretty serious about
that which is fascinating because X
could end up being his most valuable
property it's a long game but imagine if
you could go to x you could do your
payments he's going to do that so you
can pay people you can communicate you
can call them you know without using the
phone company you've got encryption
although we don't trust encryption you
have video
conferencing
um I feel
like musk has a few advantages one of
them is that he's a uh sort of a late
follower for these yeah but he's highly
qualified you know assuming his
Engineers are well qualified so that if
you come in late to any of these
businesses you can look at all the
things they've done and just clone it so
he doesn't have to be you know better at
Zoom he just has to also offer it he
doesn't need to be better at payments he
just has to also offer it because it's
you know once you're an X you're just
going to use x so his strategy for
basically owning all of those businesses
simply because people were already on X
is pretty strong it's a pretty strong
argument anyway there's a competitor to
the neuralink chip you know the one that
gets uh inserted in your skull and they
put little wires into your brain well
according to new atas there's a a
different version that's more that's
smaller and more minimally invasive and
so in Switzerland they're testing it but
this one doesn't have wires into your
brain instead it uh learns what patterns
of electrical signals your brain gives
off under different conditions and then
it trains itself on you so it's just
reading your electrical signals in your
brain without any wires so it's not
actually connected now I've seen this
technology before maybe years ago I
actually tested one where you put a
little uh put a little strap on your
head and it could sort of read your
brain but it didn't work at all back
then the the one I used just didn't work
and but imagine if you could it says 91%
accuracy in determining the text you're
trying to right with your mind I don't
think 91% is going to get you there so
probably you're going to need the
neuralink model to you really do the
good stuff but you might have this uh
minimally evasive thing that doesn't
have to be drilled so far into your
brain it's really thin and
small well according to climate
realism uh Bloomberg is reporting that
there are record crops coming in so all
over the world there are record crops do
you know why the crops are so
good well some of it is because of
climate
change or or to put it a different way
some of it is because of higher CO2
which is good for
plants so one of the Lesser recognized
um aspects of climate change is it's
really good for farming and it should
bring down your food costs
so the more CO2 you can pump into the
air the less you'll pay at the grocery
store I mean in theory I don't know if
that actually is going to be the case
but in
theory um so I'm not saying that's good
or bad I'm just saying it's happening
and uh the good news is farming looks
pretty strong around the
world well the uh Biden Harris
Administration according to the
Washington Free Beacon um when children
are taught about climate change they're
taught that
uh on the on the web on NASA's
environmental page for
children uh lots of you know fun in
games and films and stuff but it warns
them that the world is uh undergoing
cataclysmic warming sea levels are
rising uh Glo Global ice coverage is
diminishing and their future may be
doomed now I don't think that's true
true but imagine you're a young person
and you go through a a school system
that tells you that the climate is
doomed and nobody's really working to
fix it now people are working to fix it
all over the place I'll talk more about
that but imagine you're a
kid why would and then you let's say you
graduate from that system and then you
find yourself a girlfriend are the two
of you going to be thinking about having
children
and bringing them into this you know
this world that's already been destroyed
and we're just waiting for the Doom in
the end I don't know why you would have
children if you
believed that climate change was going
to you know Doom them to floods
anyway um the what's up with that uh web
page or entity I think watch is the name
of the person
W um apparently there's a report ly sea
levels are plunging in temperatures in
an unexpected way now it's unexpected
because the temperature is supposed to
be going up and it's embarrassingly
unexpected because for the uh years
prior to that the headlines were
claiming the the sea was boiling that
the ocean was warming up so much and so
quickly that it could only be climate
change and we're all doomed and then
with additional CO2 in the air the ocean
started allegedly cooling down for a
couple years in a row and there's no way
to explain it because the current models
say that can't really happen now I get
that any given year can be a
fluctuation but if it's true that they
said a few years of warming means
climate
change then a few years of cooling means
what well either they both mean nothing
or they both mean something and you
can't explain
it remember I told you that all data
about important things is
fake all data about important things is
fake anyway um my takea away from this
is it it's difficult to have a
conversation with anyone who believes
any one of these two things if you
believe any of these two things I don't
think I can have a real conversation
with you number number one the news is
real if you believe that the news
business is even trying to be real like
even in their own minds trying to be
real if you believe that I can't really
have a conversation with you we we would
have to solve that part first if we
could get on the same page where you
know inexplicably somebody could
convince me the news is real or
inexplicably I could convince him it's
not well then we could have a
conversation
likewise if I meet somebody who believes
that scientists can accurately measure
the temperature of the earth and all of
the ocean as well as the air and then
predicted into the future I can't really
have a conversation with that person
because they don't know how anything
works in the real world in the real
world it's obviously true you can't do
this it's really really super obvious
two people who have enough experience
operating in the real world and know
that all corporate and government stuff
is so no you can't measure it
accurately enough it's accurately enough
is the important part no it's not
something humans could do now if you
tell me but Scott you don't understand
how good our technology is I'm not
talking about the
technology I'm talking about it being
implemented by human beings and being
really complicated and lots of moving
parts and too many you know variables
and assumptions no humans can't measure
the temperature of the earth I don't
know if we ever will be able to but we
definitely can't do it now and if you've
bought into the the the notion that
humans have that capability again I'm
separating from the K thomer tell you
the temperature yeah probably can but
that really
different than being able to accurately
measure the temperature the Earth and
all the parts that
matter so now I can't have any
conversation with anybody who believes
that that's a possible
thing uh well here's the good news
though popular mechanic says that
there's so much energy in the ocean that
it's like the world's biggest battery so
if you could put a uh generator in the
ocean that's got a lot of movement
especially up and down the up and down
can move some floaty thing up and down
that will cause a generator to produce
electricity
I'm not sure I completely buy into the
ocean being a viable Source because the
ocean is so violent you know it moves a
lot that it feels like it would just rip
apart any mechanical thing too quickly
sort of the same problem that windmills
have you know windmills great if you had
you know some perfect level of wind all
the time but if it's like sometimes
really heavy and sometimes not you know
that's a lot of pressure to put on a
mechanical device so I'm not sure that
we can make that happen but it turns off
turns out that off the coast of Oregon
there's a big test to see if they can
really generate some meaningful
electricity in a practical way but here
was my takeaway suppose they can suppose
they figure out a way that they can just
use the oceans up and down to make like
really good electricity that's
dependable
the interesting part is that's probably
all you need to make SE cities right now
arguably you could use batteries and you
could use solar and you could have
electricity that way in your your little
city that you've built on the
ocean but I would much rather have some
kind of pumps that work with the ocean
itself in case it's a cloudy day so this
might might open up the entire ocean to
you know some serious is populating
maybe um did you know that the US grid
is adding just tons of batteries and
solar and stuff like that according to
ours Tech Technica um you don't need the
uh details but wind solar and batteries
are being being just installed at a
crazy Pace now so just in case you
weren't paying attention the all of the
green energy stuff is really coming
online you know I think green is one of
those things that would be nothing for
80 years until it's
everything so we we might be you know
entering the beginning of the everything
phase where how many years have solar
solar panels been
invented it's a long time right because
I remember when I was maybe 12 years old
I bought a little science kit that a
little solar panel in
it so you know we're talking 50 years
ago
you could buy it as a toy so I I think
my estimat may be right maybe 80 years
after solar panels are
invented they might take
off and that wouldn't even be that
surprising 80 years after the invention
of a solar panel so we'll
see all right let's talk about our uh
our press remember uh that press that
some people think is real all
right um Politico got community noted on
X
so
uh here's what Politico said in a
headline on xplatform talking about
their own article they said quote Vance
tries to tether Harris to Biden during
the Michigan
rally so VP candidate Vance is trying to
say that kamla Harris is somehow
Tethered to the current Administration
I mean alen
Politico you know I mean
it's it's quite a good fact Jack because
KL Harris isn't Tethered to
anything well the community notes said
and I quote Harris is currently
President Biden's vice president so the
community note had to remind Politico
that vice president Harris is the vice
president oh my goodness that's right
yeah Vance is trying to tether her to
the Harris Biden
Administration as Molly Hemingway
pointed out the funniest part is that
the community note provided a source
because the notes like to provide
sources and the source was the White
House the White House page that shows
who's the vice president of the United
States that was the fact jack on
Politico is telling him who the vice
president is
anyway Joe Rogan is uh not too happy
about MSNBC apparently they took some
words of his that he said about um Tulsi
gabard and they they spliced it so it
looked like Joe Rogan was saying good
things about KL
Harris now how much more corrupt can you
be than literally changing the person he
was talking
about that's super corrupt but Rogan's
all over
that um how about Zero Hedge Zero Hedge
is one of my favorite sources I'm not
saying anything about
accuracy but they have lots of stories
that interest me so Zero Hedge has this
story today that the that Warren Buffett
um sold 90 982 million doll of his stock
in Bank of America so that's the
headline just by itself
Warren Buffett sells you know nearly a
billion dollars of Bank America
shares so what's your takea away from
that well if you read that by itself
your takeaway would be oh my goodness
Warren Buffett thinks Bank of America is
no longer a good
investment what's wrong
with the information that I just gave
you that he's waren Buffett is going to
sell nearly a billion dollars at Bank of
America shares
well what you should say is how much
does he
own remember if you only see the
percentage in the
story it's trying to mislead you if you
only see the raw number without the
percentage it's trying to mislead you
the one and only thing that you could
see as potentially real news and even
then it's the only potential is if they
tell you the number and the
percentage what what would you guess
would be the percentage if it's big
enough to be a
story if they're making it a headline
story don't you assume it's a pretty big
percentage well it's maybe a quarter I
think it was around a quarter now a
quarter is a big
percentage but it's not telling you he
doesn't like the
stock if he kept selling another quarter
another quarter then maybe yes but it's
far more indicative ative that he just
has something else he wants the money
for or that he took enough profits or
it's too much of a percentage of his
total portfolio he also took money out
of
apple is that because he doesn't like
apple
maybe but you could say it's just
equally because Apple went up so much he
didn't want that much of his total
portfolio to be in one company so he
trims some off so if you don't know sort
of the background about why he's doing
it what the number is you haven't
learned anything so you need to get that
number Time Magazine has a headline I
haven't read the story but the the
headline for an opinion piece I think is
what if ultr processed foods aren't as
bad as you
think okay I don't know anything about
who wrote it or why they wrote it but do
you trust the media at
all presumably you have connections to
the food industry because you know
everything big is connected to
everything else
maybe with advertisers maybe not I don't
know but do you trust a story that says
what if Ultra processed foods aren't as
bad as you think I do not to me that
looks like um I don't think I'm going to
read that because first of all they
don't have an answer they're saying what
if if they had an answer to the question
they'd say news research shows Ultra
processed foods are good for you if they
don't have an answer for it they're just
trying to maybe make you less
afraid why would they do that well I
don't know do they have some connection
to that industry those are the questions
you'd ask I don't know the answer to
those I'm just saying that I wouldn't
trust this
story enough to even read it from the
headline alone I go ah
pass there there's no credibility in a
story like that in a place like our
media doesn't mean it's false and it
doesn't mean anybody's lying I'm just
saying as a consumer you certainly can't
trust
it but uh that's just the Press sure we
know the Press is bad but what about
social
media well according to an account
called uh disinformation expert Lizzy on
X uh Google now has an option for your
news searches so you can you can search
if you're looking for you know left
leaning bias or right leaning bias they
don't call it bias they would just say
right leaning news and left leaning news
so what would happen if you clicked on
the right leaning
news now that's interesting isn't it
because that means that
Google would be deciding which entities
of right leaning news are the good ones
so what comes up first well according to
disinformation expert
Lizzy um you would see uh
[Music]
um let's see you'd see the
dispatch you'd see RT International
that's literally the Russian
publication and that's what you'd see
first but you'd have to look a little
further to find the daily colar bright
bar Federalist just the news or the post
Millennium some you know
more let's say uh right leaning right
leaning
sources so Google has found a way
to show you what you want to show what
you want to see while not showing you
what you want to
see do you think that the people who
programmed this didn't know which
sources people in the right consider
credible or are they just telling you
you should you should see the Russia
Today source is more credible than let's
say the
Federalist really
this this is so obviously finger on the
scale it's just I don't even know what
to say about it it's just so obviously
wrong that uh but the bad behavior is is
so Universal it's hard to get mad at
anything anymore uh I mean you could get
mad at it but there's just so many
outrages you don't know where to focus
your
power all right uh I saw yet another uh
one of these interviews on the streets
where people were asked if there were
supporters of KL Harris I asked uh can
you name her accomplishments now it's
some kind of a trick question because
vice presidents are not noted for
accomplishments so if you're a casual
viewer of news it's going to be a hard
question to answer even if you're a
supporter but it turns out that the
people trying to answer say stuff like
well she's uh well uh I just uh I just
uh well you I'm comfortable having a
woman of
color so they kind of default to the
fact that they don't know anything about
her policies or anything about her
accomplishments but they still prefer
her because of her identity and the
people on the street her supporters will
say that directly and very clearly say
they don't know anything about policies
or
accomplishments just it's time for a
person who's a woman and a person of
color um
to me it seems
like you know the model I love is the
Trump pirate ship you know with the
people who used to be Democrats people
used to be
non-political you know all the all the
unusual characters but in many cases
very effective like a pirate ship you
know the pirate ship is good at pirating
you know good at doing what it does so I
feel like the Trump pirate ship has to
rescue the brainwashed maidens it it's
starting to form like a movie in my
head where there's this Mass
brainwashing of primarily women at least
in the Democrat Party they seem to have
the power and the women have been
convinced that they don't need to know
about the policies or any details about
politics at all they can kind of just
look at the identity of the person
running and that's good and then they
can hear all the hoaxes about Trump and
they say well if all of these things
about Trump are true
all I need is anybody else and if I'm
going to have anybody else I'd rather
have somebody who's got that identity
that I
like so it feels like really the pirate
ship needs to rescue the brainwash
maidens that's the movie I'm seeing in
my
head P Shapiro points out the Harris has
uh allegedly reversed her 2020 positions
on all these things decriminalizing
border
crossings the border wall itself
abolishing Private health insurance so
these are things she no longer believes
but used to um EV
mandates that you have to have an
electric car at some point uh Banning
fracking no longer in favor of that and
opposing more police and now she says
maybe more police would be a good idea
one two three four five six that would
be six pretty important
policies that none of her I don't think
any of her uh followers have any idea
what our positions are in these and I'm
not sure I do because they're alleged
changes so some of them I know I mean
she does seem to be at least a little
bit in favor of yeah I think I know most
of these are actual
switches
so um the one thing that's very obvious
is that voters and their opinions are
not going to have a lot to do with the
election because what ever it is that
voters are thinking as their priority
for why they're voting that's purely
brainwashing just purely brainwashing
the the the thought that voters do their
own research and come up with you know
their their excellent opinions and then
vote on it there's nothing like that
happening because first of all there's
no data that's you know
believable secondly people aren't even
trying now when I say people are not
trying I'm talking about 802 90% of the
public and it would be true on both
sides but what is what's true on the
Republican side is if you ask any
Republican what Trump thinks
on any of the top 20
issues I'll bet you you would have
something like 100%
accuracy I
think let me try one does Trump want to
build a
wall yeah does Trump want an EV
mandate everybody knows the answer to
that question of course he doesn't does
Trump is Trump in favor of endless Wars
overseas for all of our NATO or other
reasons no he wants to negotiate an end
now I don't think there's anything I can
think of where I don't perfectly know
what Trump's General approach to it
is and and all of his all of his
supporters could answer those questions
I think I think literally all of them
but to find a Democrat who could even
explain what Harris's opinions are I
don't think you could find one to me the
strongest commercial that um you could
do would be lots of reports of Biden
voters not knowing why they're
voting but you want to get the ones who
look worse on camera now I don't mean
physically unattractive although that
would be good because remember work on
persuasion if you were to show a whole
bunch of
interviews uh let's say maybe three per
ad you don't need to overdo it you just
show three people who are for Harris and
can't explain why and have no idea what
she's ever
done make them look like idiots so the
one I was mentioning earlier where there
were you know some more Street
interviews they may have deleted out or
edited out any smart people who had
smart
answers so you know I worry that the
context was altered to influence me to
think that nobody knows what Harris is
up to it could be they deleted those how
would I know but it would be super
persuasive to show person after person
who is a Harris voter looking like an
uninformed idiot do you know why let's
see if you can complete this thought why
would it be persuasive to show lots of
Harris voters not knowing anything about
anything the reason is that people are
are team players but they don't want to
be on the team that looks like idiots
they don't want to be in a team that's
full of humiliated
Dumbo so if you simply lightly made the
case that Harris supporters are idiots
but you don't say that that would be a
huge mistake because you don't want to
you don't want to be insulting American
voters you simply want to show three of
them real people and how they are in
fact idiots you don't need to say
anything just show them because
especially uh women are going to make
decisions based on who they feel
comfortable associating with one of the
things about Maga supporters is they
don't care what you
think they're they're going to support
Trump even if you hate
it but I don't think the same thing
works on the left on the left left I
think they're really going to care that
they're doing the right thing according
to other people so they want to be
judged by other people not their own
opinions so if you show that their their
fellow
voters are
dards they're going to think why am I on
this team that pirate ship is looking
kind of good
today well uh General
McMasters um is telling a story that uh
has no real credibility the way it's
told um but Hillary Clinton is mocking
Trump by quoting mcms so McMasters who
was a national security adviser for
Trump but he was a controversial one
let's just say there were some prot
Trump people who know more than I do who
thought he was more of a problem in the
administration than a solution so I'm
not so sure that his credibility is high
among the people on the right but the
people on the left know that so the
people on the left would think this is
some loyal person of trump who's now
saying bad things if you knew it was
maybe not the most
reliable person and that that was well
uh well debated while he was in in that
position you might feel that maybe
there's some bias creeping into his
reporting but he says that Trump said
two things quote why don't we just bomb
the drugs talking about Mexico go and
quote why don't we take out the whole
North Korean army during one of their
parades now Hillary Clinton reports
those two things as though no
explanation needs to be given here's my
take number one why don't we just bomb
the drugs that's literally the the
position of all the top Republican
candidates that we should have some
military reaction to the Sentinel stuff
in in Mexico what's wrong with asking
that
question if the if the answer is no we
shouldn't do it and here are the
reasons it's still a good
question because I don't know the
reasons do you I mean I can say obvious
things like uh you don't want to attack
Mexico blah blah blah but we're also
looking at you an unprecedented number
of deaths in the United States so you
you want to do things you haven't done
before if that's what needs to be done
so no it's a perfectly reasonable
question why don't we just bomb the
drugs if the answer is there are really
good reasons well why don't you tell us
if you know the really good reasons for
not doing it I'd love to know why don't
you fill me in instead of just acting
like it's obviously a bad idea when I
don't know
that it might be I'm open to the
argument but without an argument I think
it's the right question how about the
second
one why don't we take out the whole
North Korean army during one of their
parades do you think that's
serious does that sound like a serious
like like he wants to maybe take out all
of Korea with one
swoop no here's how you should interpret
this if you're not an idiot
General the way she interpret it
is if we have a bunch of battle plan
drawn up wouldn't it make sense that at
least one of them would include bombing
their military parade if they have all
their good assets there it's a perfectly
good question but not super serious it
doesn't mean that you want to do it
preemptively see the the implication is
he wanted to just you know do it no he
didn't cuz nobody would say that
literally no one would say remember this
is how know the hoax you can tell the
hoaxes by saying would anybody really
say that would anybody say why don't we
bomb the cartels yes they would yeah I
say it V said it it's commonly said so
yes you could believe that Trump or
anybody else would reasonably ask can
you tell me the pros and cons of doing
this perfectly reasonable question yes
you probably asked that but do you
really think
the Trump said why don't we preemptively
because preemptively is kind of implied
right if we were in the middle of a war
that was you know
unavoidable then do you think McMasters
would have a problem with bombing the
parade no not if you're in a war so
obviously the context is if we were in a
war wouldn't that be an obvious attack
factor it's just sort of an obvious and
funny thing to say I might have said the
same thing
because I didn't think it would get out
but then this decides that a
private conversation with the president
needs to be published in a book not cool
Not Cool by the way I have also said
some things that were said privately
with Trump but only because they make
him look
good he's not going to complain about
that that that he did something that
makes him look smart and well informed
so if you say that oh that's fair
right you're not you're not like giving
up some confidence or something like
that you shouldn't do it you probably
shouldn't do it but as long as it makes
the president look good who's going to
complain
really anyway so I do that too but not
about things that are dumb so Jack Smith
is a re indicting rewrote his indictment
of the uh president because the Supreme
Court ruled on that presidential
immunity thing which meant to yet to
rewrite it to get rid of that objection
so here's what's left so there are four
charges left I
believe
um conspiracy to defraud the
US I don't even know what that refers
to do
you conspiracy to
defraud I think that everything you did
was
transparent is it defrauding if it's
transparent transparent ly they wanted
to have an alternate set of
electors completely transparently they
were doubting the election results and
were asking for
recounts completely transparently they
were asking for a short delay so they
could look more carefully in some some
places what part of that is the
conspiracy to
defraud all I see is a process that the
courts would work out like they often do
if if Trump was doing something that the
courts were not going to accept well I
think that's all it would have been
where where's this conspiracy to defraud
how do you even get that don't wouldn't
you have to read their
minds Because unless you read their
minds it looked like a bunch of people
who thought an election was rigged and
we trying to figure out is there any way
to you know create a uh push back to
what looks like a rigged election so the
first one looks like brain uh mind
reading second one conspiracy to
obstruct an official
proceeding and then a related one
obstruction of an attempt to obstruct an
official proceeding now I'm no lawyer
but those look like the same
things right I'm sure there's some
little difference you know that they
they can use but correct me if I'm wrong
but wasn't that the Enron problem that
the laws about obstructing an official
proceedings were originally created
because Enron got rid of some records
when the government was trying to
investigate them something like that and
that nobody really thinks that would
have applied to this situation it was
meant for a different context so you got
one that doesn't make any sense unless
you're a mind reader and you and you
incorrectly read minds um and the other
is two Enron related things that don't
even look like the law should apply and
the Supreme Court would just toss them
out it's like what the hell are you
doing this doesn't even apply to this
situation and then the fourth one is
conspiracy against rights which again
sounds like just some thing they
made up now I'm not doubting that
there's something written down somewhere
that's a law with these words but do you
think that's even sounds real this
doesn't even sound real I'm not a lawyer
but at least at least when a lawyer
charges somebody with something I go huh
if it's true that sounds like a crime
why is it that even if these things were
true they wouldn't sound like crimes to
me it would sound like two that don't
apply because they were supposed to be
you know Enron that kind of
behavior and two don't even sound like
crimes unless again you're reading minds
and finding something that's probably
not in
there now according to an account called
the Texas
one here's a little factoid you probably
didn't
know not that it's important I mean this
doesn't mean anything this this just a
random a random coincidence are you
ready for a random
coincidence Jack Smith's wife uh
produced the Netflix Obama documentary
called becoming
Michelle so Jack Smith is a totally
unbiased
player okay uh Mike Benz is warning us
that that uh that arrest of the telegram
SE o in France he says uh this is what
Mike Ben says about that mark my words
you're going to see so many pieces
suddenly Rush gating that CEO named Pavo
durov it'll make your head
spin
um so here's what we know two weeks I
think this is Ben's as well um two weeks
after Tucker interviewed the founder of
telegram the CIA founded radio for
Europe that was run directly by the CIA
for its first 20 years ran a long piece
insinuating Russia was secretly
controlling Telegram and Ukraine must
seize control of it um because it's a
military intelligence
thing
two um and then there's also some
seemingly unrelated events that seem
connected here here's the big picture as
best I understand it whatever country
could control and get a back door to the
telegram app would have a window to all
the bad behavior of all their enemies
and all the criminals so imagine how
much Russia wanted to control that app a
lot imagine how much the US wanted to
control that
app a lot did you know that not too long
ago maybe a couple years ago
um mcon tried to get that same telegram
guy to move his office to uh France why
would they do that well France would
really really like to get a back door
into that app or at least you know have
control of him so they could get that
back door so it turns out that the
telegram app one of one of two that are
the big ones for you know especially
International uh entities forming to be
a counter Force against their government
Etc that was
WhatsApp and
telegram but we know that WhatsApp is
now we believe completely penetrated by
us intelligence because they put you
know too much pressure on
Facebook so that would mean just
telegram is the place that the baddies
or even the goodies could organize
against the
government everybody needs to control
that it's just way too dangerous for
every country to be on the the wrong
side of knowing what is and is not
happening in that app so it looks like
we're in some kind of much larger battle
where all of the all of the government
entities want to be the ones that have
that back
door and you know maybe France was
already working with NATO and the United
States and it was more of a a western
getting access to it than just France we
don't know that but there's also some
bigger France
versus Russia issu where France has a
lot of electricity based on nuclear
power and the country of Niger was
important to getting France's uranium
but Russia is
now back to coup and has more control of
Niger and France is pulling out and and
somehow all of these
events seem to be
connected so here's my takeaway we're
never going to know what this is
about we're going to be able to
speculate and some of it's obvious it's
obvious that every intelligence unit
from every country wants to control the
telegram app it's obvious that they've
tried it's obvious they'll keep trying
to me it's obvious that his jailing has
more to do with getting control of the
app than it does to anything he did
illegally even if he did something
illegal so I don't know if he did
anything illegal but certainly not the
reason he got you know it's not the
reason he's being held in France in my
opinion anyway um then we also know that
the according to next uh TV that's an
account on X that the French and the UA
UAE uh Intel Services they tried to
Joint operation to hack that telegram
CEO's iPhone in 2017 according to the
Wall Street
Journal so everybody's been trying to
get into this guy for a long long time
um and it was 2018 that mcon invited him
to lunch and tried to get him to move to
France so here's uh some more about the
Press so the German police are
investigating because some citizen
called one of their MPS
fat so they're investigating a user on
the gab platform who uh insulted a
bundestag
MP
online so they're seeking information on
user but gab is refusing to give it to
him this is a true
thing there might be somebody who could
go to jail for calling a very overweight
woman
fat now my question is this can it ever
be hate speech to say something that's
both true and obvious to
everyone what exactly makes that hate
speech if you were just say to me Scott
you're
bald is that hate
speech cuz I'm a little bit
bald if they said to me Scott you're uh
you're not
6'2 well I might not like
it but is a hate speech if it's just
obvious and it's an observation that
everybody can make if they say you fory
 is that an insult I actually do
have
glasses what's the insult of
it if if somebody does
have you know they're carrying a ton of
weight and somebody makes a comment
about it it's very poor form it's not
something I would prefer to see but is
it hate speech if it's both obvious and
everybody can see it if it's not even an
opinion if it were an
opinion then I could see okay you're
just bringing some unpleasantness into a
place that doesn't need it but it's not
really an
opinion it's just an observation it's an
unkind observation but is that hate well
so here's my second question if somebody
in America said
that could Germany get them
extradited can Americans now get picked
up and sent to other countries to be in
jail for their free speech in America is
that because it looks like the UK would
have the right to
extradite what about
Germany I don't know dangerous
stuff Colin rug X had a good threat
about uh who's really stealing your
democracy here you know of course Harris
says Trump wants to steal your democracy
but uh here are some things we know the
Democrats are behind recently they're
forcing uh RFK Jr to remain on the
ballot in two
states because they think it'll be bad
for Trump whereas they've been spending
all their time trying to get him off the
ballot wherever they thought it would
benefit him so they're not being
consistent about whether RFK should be
on or off the ballot they're only
fighting it depending on whether they'll
win that
state that's their democracy democracy
there um
now what uh Ben Shapiro noted he said in
response to the Democrats trying to keep
RFK Jr on some of the Battleground
States He said Republicans should move
to keep Joe Biden's name on the ballot
in as many swing States as
possible
huh how would that
work what if you could have uh you could
have K Harris on the ballot but also Joe
Biden and KLA Harris
and suppose between the two of them you
if you added them together haris one but
only if you added them
together which they wouldn't
do what would happen if Biden was on the
ballot in in some swing States people
would actually vote for
Biden but they would also vote for
Harris and it would guarantee that she
lost and I'm looking at this and I'm
thinking huh is is this like the best
idea anybody ever
had yeah if the Democrats open this door
that you can use the courts to keep
somebody on a ballot when they don't
want to be
there I'm no
lawyer
but what if you can force somebody to
run for president who doesn't want to
why can't you force Biden to do it now
my guess is that it wouldn't be as
simple as is you know just doing that
but as a
rhetorical question it's kind of awesome
I don't know why I didn't think about it
Ian it's just sort of a good idea to at
least look into it at the very least I'd
be like I wonder if there's any obvious
reason you can't do this I would
definitely look into it I I don't think
it's a practical
idea but wouldn't you like to know
well apparently RFK Jr reveals according
to Colin rug that uh he's being it'll CA
him another $10 million to defend
against uh Democrats who wanted to keep
him off the ballot so he's going to be
fighting two cases to be taken off and
to be kept
on it's just whatever RFK Jr does
somebody's going to sue him for it um
and then of course Jack Smith filing
that uh filing the new indictment
against Trump just 70 days before the
election some say that should never be
done uh of course we know that
Zuckerberg confirmed that the Biden
administration had pressured him to
censor and we know that the media has
launched a bunch of slander campaigns
against RFK Jr especially because he cut
the head off a
whale now um if you follow that story
about Ark Jr found a dead whale and he
used a chainsaw to cut his head off and
he tried to take it home with him
because he had some interest in large
Marine
skulls I don't know what he was going to
use it for but not it's none of my
business um so you know what the story
didn't include it didn't tell us what
kind of whale it was weren't you
curious the only thing we know for sure
is that it wasn't a sperm
whale do you know
why it didn't try to hump back okay
that's sort of a p didn't
work um the Republican National
Committee is is suing uh the Detroit
Election Commission because apparently
the law says that they should try to
hire as many Democrat pole workers as
Republican pole workers how' they do
well they hired seven times more
Democrats than Republican which is
breaking the law so they're being sued
for that but here's the amazing part of
the story The Amazing part of the story
is not that the Detroit election people
broke the law and stacked it with
Democrat pole Watchers which is every
red flag in the world the surprising
thing to me
was they're Republicans in
Detroit wait a minute they're
Republicans Republicans in Detroit
Detroit what are you doing there do you
need help getting
out does does somebody need some Escape
Plan why did they even get one out of
seven I don't understand that
part well K Harris as you know has
agreed to do one interview with Dana
Bash of CNN okay so she'll do an
interview with a friendly interviewer
but I do trust that Dana Bash will ask
at least a few Harding questions it
would be embarrassing if she didn't but
the best reframe of the day and funest
comments comes from CNN um what would
you call him
a
guest analyst I guess an analyst maybe
so CNN analyst who is a republican I
believe Scott
Jennings um refers to it refers to K
Harris bringing her vice president to
the first big interview as a an
emotional support
animal Scott
Jennings called VP wals an emotional
support
[Laughter]
animal is that
perfect I've been watching Scott
Jennings a lot lately because he makes a
lot of news being the and on the CNN
panels and uh I I feel like he's doing
like a real solid job
lately yeah but this is some really good
work and an emotional support animal you
cannot see him the same after
that
right it it sums it up so perfectly that
you'll always think it every time you
see him though and and I feel like I
might start referring to him that
way even out of this context because
calling him an emotional support animal
you know when the VP job is not terribly
important to begin with and then she
brings them along on the interview
that's kind of perfect so Scott
Jennings
um you know I I like it when people
bring the name Scott into a a good place
you know you do some good work and then
the name Scott gets
elevated um I'd like to apologize for to
Scott Jennings for ruining the name
Scott
personally but maybe he can bring it
back
anyway um you know how uh the press and
now a lot of Republicans were saying
that KL Harris was was or is the borders
are but as soon as it looked like the
Border wasn't working out she was no
longer the Border Zar according to her
friendly press she was are you kidding
she was never the Border Zar she was
only in charge of the rud cause stuff
you know the important part
um so here's the defense to that if you
would like to push back on the
accusation that she was not really the
Border Zar here would be the correct
frame being a half Zar is more of a
failure than being a
fsar if it's your team that's in
power now if she was not on the team
that was in power as in the Biden
Administration and somebody said we're
going to make you half Asar what do you
mean half Asar well you'll be in in
charge of the root causes but nothing
about the actual border
crossings and then she would say well it
would be a lot better if I were in
charge of the whole thing no you're just
you're going to be a half sour well it
would make sense if you're if you were
not on the team that was in charge but
if the team that's in charge decides
that the good way to approach it is with
half AAR that's worse than not being a
 Zar at all that's worse in every
way it's worse that she was on the team
that decided a half Zar was a good good
idea now you could say okay you know
don't call me a zar because it's only
half the job but halfar is the dumbest
 thing you could ever do
nobody nobody in corporate in America
would ever agree to a half
Zar when the topic obviously is you know
related in so many ways the moving parts
are all are related of course you would
have a half you would have a full
Zar that that would be like having a
drug
Zar for just
marijuana like everybody would just say
well that's stupid I mean obviously you
need to do everything right a half
Asar come on all right rason did a poll
on uh uh how many people think the um
their state has done enough to prevent
voting by illegal immigrants so
32% said they don't think their state
has done enough to prevent illegal
immigrants from voting well 20% say
they've announced some steps but not
enough so that's a whole bunch of people
who worry that uh they'll
illegal people
voting now um I just saw there's there's
some guy I think he works at meta in
AI whose full-time job is to do
posts about Elon Musk so whatever Elon
mus says this guy will come in and act
like he's dumb it's the weirdest thing
because he's obvious you know if we did
an IQ test I think he'd beat me I mean
if you're the guy who's in charge of AI
at met
you're going to be really smart but he
plays a guy who doesn't know anything
about anything on X and it's it's weird
I I don't know exactly how to how to
process the fact that he acts so stupid
in public but he can't be like there
just there's just no way he's not super
smart in real
life but
um one of the things he he said is that
there's no such thing as uh non-citizens
voting
and I said to
myself
what does he not know that the news is
currently reporting a whole bunch of
people who were non-citizens did in fact
vote and got
caught now if he's if he had said it's a
very small number then I would say well
now you're in the ballpark of a real
argument I don't know if it's a big
number I don't know that it's a small
number but if that's his claim that
there's no evidence it's anything but a
small number I would say
well okay that's not too far from the
truth we don't know if it's a big number
that is true but we know for sure it's
happening in a large enough number that
being concerned about it is not crazy
but on top of that we have learned or we
think we've learned that the real play
might be that the states that are up to
some Shen nanigans
allegedly could use multiple databases
to make sure that the voter roles are
rigged meaning that make sure the
non-citizens are put in the voting roles
in an automated way this this is a
specific Claim by some people who seem
to have investigated it I can't I can't
confirm it's true but the claim is that
it would be more about using their names
and having somebody illegally vote for
them it's not so much that they would
consider themselves voters and go in and
vote my guess is that that number of
people won't be big the number who just
hey I they told me I could vote I'll
give it a shot and then they go in with
their Central America ID and they vote I
don't think there'll be a ton of
them but there could be a ton of fake
names used as fake votes and they could
be part of
that I don't know how you would rule out
that possibility in a way that I'd
believe it anyway our
um Robert F Kennedy is saying uh that
there's a mental health crisis in
America and he wants to work with c
means it's a name you may have heard
recently so c means is sort of big in
this space about Mental Health crisis in
America and as you know the young people
went from you know some kind of Baseline
historically to wow you know tons and
tons of mental health problems in more
recent years and uh he's going to work
on it with the help of uh Trump and c
means now I don't know if about c means
but if H Cy is was ever a Democrat or
was ever anything on the right I don't
know but uh I'm loving my pirate ship so
you tell me that uh RFK Jr Trump and Cy
means are all going to be in the same
project or at least you know they have
that one thing in common I say yes okay
that gives me some optimism that really
serious people who are willing to do
really often dangerous things to get
something good are on the job good for
them well you probably saw the
undercover video um was it uh
um what was uh what's the
organization that does the Undercover
videos I'm blanking on that
uh well you'll tell me um you know the
the famous undercover video that
they're why am I blanking on that you
know what I mean project Veritas so
project
Veritas is still ongoing although their
leader left to the OMG platform that he
created all right but project Veritas is
still in business and I think it was
them pretty sure give be a fact check if
I have that
wrong but it was Project Veritas not OMG
on this one I don't want to mix those up
because that would be that would be no
fair to o'keef if I did but anyway
there's an undercovered video showing
that uh the FDA an FDA attorney knows
that they never should have told the
American public not to take Ivor meon
and that the reason presumably was so
that people would be taking their
vaccinations and not knowing that there
might be some alternate now how many of
you are convinced that Ivor mton is
proven to have been a real effective
treatment against
Co how many of you think that that's a a
proven thing that it worked against Co I
know there have been some
studies but I'm still on the page of no
data about the pandemic can be trusted
so I'm not going to make an exception
because it agrees with something I would
love to be true right part of me wants
it to be true that the Ivan's real
effective and would have saved a lot of
lives um but it's based on
data so I'm not willing to accept a data
argument about anything in the pandemic
I I feel like I need to be consistent
about that because the problem is data
the problem is not necessarily even the
people having bad intentions I just I
don't think we know anything that's what
it feels
like but I don't I don't rule anything
out I just don't trust
data um an account called carnivore
orelus notes eight ingredients that are
abandon in almost every country except
the USA so here's the claim now see if
you've heard any of these uh coloring
agents like blue one 2 yellow five and
yellow six those are banned something
called
olestra I think I think that's the stuff
in potato chips uh brominated vegetable
oil that doesn't sound good potassium
bromate
well the potassium part sounds cool and
I like having a bro mate hey
bro hello
mate so rate sounds like it'd be a good
thing but apparently not and then of
course you have to watch out for the
azod
dicarbon
aide let me say that again
perfectly
azodicarbonamide yeah you don't want to
eat that and then the BHA and the BHD no
idea synthetic hormones what and
arsenic
what I'm starting to think they're
trying to poison us so presumably there
isn't that much arsenic I don't know how
much is the right amount of
arsenic well I don't know anything about
the science of these various things but
I'm certainly concerned that they're
banned in every other country but you
know how we always say hey Europe has
all this healthy food and we have
unhealthy
food here's what I haven't
seen that the life expectancy in Europe
is way better than America if you if you
uh make sure you're looking at similar
groups of people similar similar
socioeconomic groups for
example is that true are people in
Europe experiencing longer lifespans
because their food is better and less
mental health
problems I don't know what to believe
again it's a there's a gantic data
Integrity problem I just don't know what
to
believe so
but it does make sense to me that the
more of these weird chemicals you put in
your body the harder your body is going
to have to work to figure it all out so
it does make sense that the fewer
strange things you put in your body the
better uh Reuters is reporting that
there was a a some kind of a uh class
action suited against X and Elon Musk
for allegedly firing more female
Engineers than male when he did his
massive layoffs
and um in the context of having made
alleged sexist comments in the past now
the alleged sexist comments were not
related to any of these firings of
Engineers they were separate but the
engineers the ladies said well if he
said sexist things in a different
context and then more as a percentage
more of the females Engineers got fired
than the men well we got ourselves a
class action suit well the court
dismissed it because it turns out that
there was no evidence that Elon Musk had
anything to do with selecting who got
fired at least at that detail the
individual managers of the departments
were deciding who got fired so musk was
not involved at a detailed level where
he would have even been able to you know
doing any biased stuff
anyway um so what do you make of the
fact that the uh individual
managers
um got rid of 58% of female Engineers
compared to 40% 45% of male
Engineers do you think they were all
exactly the same
qualifications it feels
unlikely do you think that the talent
stacks of the men and the women were
similar I don't know but I can't see any
manager firing uh his best
Engineers or her best
Engineers why would they do that have
you ever met a
manager who would fire the the good
people who were female and keep the the
less good people who were male because
just wanted more men
in
America let me tell you what an American
manager says an American manager says I
definitely want women in the
group because it just makes everything
work better basically yeah if you have
men and women it's just more fun work
environment generally it has its costs
but it's more
fun anyway so that was
dumb um axios is reporting that Trump
economic plan would add 5.8 trillion to
national debt which is already 36
trillion is Trump good for debt nope is
debt the biggest problem in the
world probably yeah it's the most
existentially dangerous thing we're
doing do does Harris have a plan for the
debt nope so neither candidate has a
plan for the most important
thing however
Trump does have something that Harris
doesn't have his name is Elon Musk who
has already volunteered to see what we
can do about cutting the cost of
government which by the way would be
massively expensive in the short run
because you probably you'd be paying all
the severances and the retirements and
everything and there'd be a lot of
people involved who would lose their
jobs and then the unemployment would
spike so if if Trump did a good job in
reducing the size of government they're
just so many government employees that
you wonder if his unemployment numbers
would
suffer but that's the sort of thing you
could do if you're a one-term president
like Trump would be your second
term maybe you can just take that hit in
the long run history would love you in
the short run it looks bad if you're
running for reelection but he wouldn't
be so if you had an Elon Musk who could
just take 80% of the cost out of the
government
if you had a president Trump who didn't
want to start and finish Foreign
Wars could you take enough out of the
budget by the fourth year that we would
have some breathing room and a chance of
success and the answer is maybe if
you're Trump and you do things that
could lower the interest
rates is that going to help your
national debt yeah like a lot a lot if
you could renegotiate some of it or do
something clever with crypto that gives
people some Breathing Room somehow I
don't know exactly how could you do it
well I think Trump is going to be more
Pro crypto more Pro
experimenting more Pro everything as
long as you can make an argument for it
because he's he's pretty flexible
mentally I like that about him
especially and maybe so you know I can
make an argument why Trump might be
better on the national debt
but he hasn't has he has Trump ever said
I will be better on the national debt
and here's why now you can make the
argument that the Democrats always want
to spend more but Trump wants to cut
taxes I don't know which one would be
better in terms of just the debt I
prefer the lower taxes
but it's a number one question but
because our our media doesn't understand
the national debt
except it's a big number and it's a debt
um I don't think they're comfortable
talking about it and if they did talk
about it everything would be Tim
limited so if you talk to any politician
about what they would do about the
national debt they get to run out the
clock well what we're going to do is
we're going to do this and that to do
growth and back in 2020 I did this and
I'm going to implement this program what
the media don't know enough is to say
all right if you added all that together
how much do you think that would bring
down the debt because the answer is not
at all you could do all kinds of stuff
that sound good you wouldn't even get
close to it we're we're miles away from
being able to pay off the debt miles
away we're not close it's not like a 20%
tweak it's like you really really need
to change everything where you don't
have a chance now I think we probably
will we'll probably just have to do the
hard stuff maybe not right away but at
some point we're going to have to do
something really hard to to handle the
debt what I worry about is the people
who know the most know that we'll never
pay it back that's what I worry about I
have I have exactly one thing that keeps
me awake when I think about it I think
everything else we can handle from
nuclear war to climate change you know I
think those are just manageable problems
but the
debt that one I don't even in my mind I
don't even have a like a way you could
do
it I do think we'll probably solve it
because we're good at solving the
unsolvable problems if we have time and
I think we have time but wow that one's
I mean I've got a good imagination and I
can't imagine a way to solve it so what
I worry about is that the people in
charge know that the value of money will
go away and the the smart people will
just hoard on up on bitcoin before it
happens and then all the poor people
will say wait what happened to the ,000
I had in the bank and everybody say well
it's gone but how would you like some
Ubi instead you go what yeah we'll give
you some just free money but all the
money you used to have in the bank
that's basically worthless now we
inflated it away and and then they say
well what what are you going to give me
well we'll give you some
Bitcoin and it'll just I don't know
somehow we'll give you Bitcoin and uh
what would you say you'd say well my
money is worthless there's nothing I can
do about that so I guess I'll take some
Bitcoins if you have some way to give
them to
me all right so yeah maybe we have to
conquer the other countries or something
like that all right here's a weird
little uh factoid Ryan Peterson who
knows a lot about um internet
shipping um says one of the largest
International Freight forwarders in the
United States J
forwarding uh got hit by a massive Cyber
attack I guess the evening before last
he said the last time this happened to a
major US forwarder expediters
International of Washington Putin
invaded Ukraine three days
later now why would they be
related why would a massive Cyber attack
against a shipping company
be a foreshadowing of some Russian
military
action maybe somebody knows that I don't
but it's out there as a possible risk
all right ladies and gentlemen that is
my prepared remarks and I'm sure there
will be more intrigues and outrages
coming up but for now we're going to go
enjoy our Wednesday thanks for joining
on X and Rumble and YouTube
remember to buy my
books um that's my commercial if you're
looking for a book just Google my
name on Amazon and look for my newest
ones had a failed almost everything the
reprint or the the version two and
reframe your brain and gods de breathe
the complete works it'll change your
life all right everybody I'm coming over
to locals which will be private in
approximately
way
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e