[Music]
good morning everybody and Happy
Thanksgiving all you
colonizers and if you'd like to take
this Thanksgiving experience up to a
level that nobody can even understand
with human words they would need AGI
just to even have a chance well if you'd
like to do that all you need is a copper
muger glass a tanker chel ofstein a
canteen juger flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure it's the dope me
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go all right tell me the
truth there's nothing else on right now
right if you got up early and you wanted
to watch something live what what are
your options really
that that Crowder I bet Steven Crowder
is taking the day off today am I right
yeah is Steven Crowder working today I
don't think so
no only the people who really care about
you are working people like
me that's right well let's talk about
all the
news uh so last night uh Elon Musk
posted this he said big companies
steadily increase their dilber score
over time like
entropy do you how weird it
is that the I guess we found out today
that Elon Musk has the most social media
followers of anybody in the world he's
got 164 million people just on uh
X and here he's twe tweeting some
about me it's the weirdest experience
you know I don't think I can explain to
you what it's like that that there's
this giant world out there like there's
8 billion people in the
world and but there not that many people
in the news so you when you when you
read the news and it's about
you it's just the weirdest
experience all right but um we've got
lots more Elon mus news it seems like is
it my imagination or is almost every
news story also an Elon mus story I'm
not imagining that right Ukraine is also
about Elon Musk Israel is also about
Elon Musk AI is also about Elon Musk uh
climate change is also about Elon Musk
uh anything about Trump or free speeches
also about Elon Musk is not my
imagination right he he has literally
made himself the most important person
in every
conversation which is kind of amazing in
itself
all right in no particular order of
these
stories uh thank you for uh Owen
Gregorian for all your great uh content
uh anyway the UK Museum says there's UK
Museum says uh a past Roman Emperor I
guess most of them are past right uh was
a
transwoman yeah so the Roman Emperor uh
alabas
alabas would to be a transgender woman
now some of you are at home in
thinking can you say that again what is
the proper pronunciation of that
name it's like that it's best if you say
it like you're drunk because then
nobody's going to ask too many questions
which Roman Emperor will you talking
about or we talking about
Emperor yeah it sounds better when you
do it that way now I don't know if
that's true cuz there's also some uh
there's a counter Theory
that it was common for people to insult
their Emperor by suggesting they were
really women which is sexist am my right
sexist so it might have been just that
but it might have been back then uh if
you were the emperor you could have
anything you wanted so you didn't have
to worry about your barriers too much
I'll have that one that one and that one
have them scrubbed and brought to my
tent
immediately all right have you all heard
of an entity called news
guard uh News Guard is an
entity that uh is the greatest entity of
all time I respect them more than my own
life I think they're awesome and
probably the most important and credible
and moral and ethical entity that has
ever
existed some people say that Crossing
them will get you in trouble and they'll
come after you but I don't believe that
no no I don't believe it I don't believe
that they're big scary entities and you
know the these big old Liars like a uh
you know Elon Musk again again he's in
the story Elon Musk says News Guard is
and he's wrong of course he says it's a
propaganda shop they will produce any
lies you want if you pay them enough
money he posted that uh other people are
saying it's uh they're like some kind of
disinformation
company d Ruben said that he mentioned
them once on his show and they said they
were going to investigate
him so all I know is they're
great yeah don't come after me please
don't cancel
me yeah well but seriously seriously
folks uh if you don't understand the
disinformation
architecture you really need to get up
to speed on that
so there are a number of these you know
funded entities that are not government
entities that purport to hot down
disinformation they are themselves
disinformation purveyors but they want
to make sure their side's disinformation
wins over the other side's information
and
disinformation so they are not credible
entities and I suppose they'll be coming
after me tomorrow but maybe I'm too
small
Henry I'm great at
sarcasm all right um so learn what News
Guard is because if you don't you will
be confused about the the way the
country
works well there was a story last night
in which uh literally all the facts
seemed to be wrong it at first it
sounded like there was a terrorist who
blew up a bomb on a bridge the rainbow
bridge between Canada and the United
States turned out it was not a terrorist
as far as we know there was not a bomb
or any kind of explosives as far as we
know and it may not have been coming
from
Canada it looks like it was just a some
kind of a high-speed car chase uh I
think on the US side that ended up uh
hitting a toll booth area on the bridge
but it was before the bridge and it had
nothing to do with the bridge there was
just that's where the accident was and
it looks like the explosion might have
been just the highspeed explosion and
the gas tank blowing up from the car
because it didn't seem that big now I'm
going to take criticism as well as
credit some of you say but Scott why are
you always bragging about the things you
got right you don't talk about the
things you got wrong well I'm going to
do both so
I had two reactions yesterday when I
first heard the story one was stupidity
that was my first reaction my own
stupidity do you know what I did I
believed the first version of the
story could you just take a minute to
mock me can can you just give me the
mocking I deserve when I heard that a
terrorist had blew up a bomb on the
bridge I actually went with that I mean
just consider that consider how many
times I've told you how many times have
I told you don't believe the first
version of a story when it's a hot story
like a thousand times do I take my own
advice no like a freaking I
believe the first version of a story in
which there was no way we actually knew
what was happening at that point no way
and I believed it
do you know
why do you know why I believed it the
most classic reason because I wanted
to that's that's that's the biggest trap
right the there's and I think I've told
you this before I guess this is sort of
a I wish it wasn't so loud outside but
the garbage trucks are really loud um
that's an inside joke that you don't
understand but the people on the locals
platform they know what I'm talking
about so trust me Just Go With It Anyway
so I believed that version of the story
that it was a terrorist and it wasn't um
but to my credit so I'll take a little
bit of
credit by the time I saw the video of
the car explosion from the security
cameras it was pretty obvious it wasn't
a terrorist attack because the size of
the explosion was way too
small and it was a weird weird place for
it to happen unless they've been
challenged by security or something but
it didn't when you saw the video it
didn't kind of make sense with the story
so I'll give myself a little bit of
credit as soon as I saw the video I was
like no I don't think that's a terrorist
attack but I actually believed it at
first so I'm an idiot I will own
that um those Hamas tunnels under the
hospital in Gaza City have been found
and they are exactly as Israel told us
they would be so it took them a long
time to clear them out because a lot of
I guess of us filled them with sand and
tried to block them and hide them and
booby trap them and everything so it was
really really hard to clean them out
enough so that you could take a camera
down there and show everybody but sure
enough there were there were like
totally plumbed bathrooms down there you
know I didn't know what you'd find down
there but it was very sophisticated it
was an entire headquarters network with
sleeping rooms and air conditioning now
one of the things one of the ways that
they found the tunnel is that the
exterior air conditioning
unit uh wasn't attached to any
building so apparently they found an
external air conditioning unit and they
said H I wonder what this is attached to
and it was the tunnel so that might be
one of the ways they can find the
tunnels is to look for the external AC
connections all right so that was
exactly what they said I would say that
uh
Israel's Israel's situation is looking
good in a bad situation but looking as
good as it can so the ceasefire which of
course hit a snag does anybody surprised
is anybody surprised that the ceasefire
hostage exchange hit a snag well maybe
that'll get worked out by tomorrow they
think it might only be a one day snag
I'm not so sure I I would say the single
most predictable thing about this
hostage deal is that there would be more
snags you know having at least one snag
is the most predictable thing in the
world there might be more so I'm not
entirely sure it's going to
happen are you if you had to bet on it
today do you think that there will be a
clean exchange of the 50 for the 150 and
then they'll wait a few days and go back
to war does anybody see it happening
like that seems unlike
it's going to be messy if it happens at
all and it could be a trick by one side
or the other right it could be entirely
fake there could be no you know hamasa
might have no intention whatsoever now
one of the one of the quot snags I read
I need a fact check on this but one of
the snags was the Red Cross or maybe
it's the Crescent Cross or whatever it
is
um they wanted permission to see the the
remaining hostages that are not the
subject of the
exchange do you imagine there's any
chance of
that in what world is SAS going to show
them the other
hostages I mean you'd have to be high
you think that's going to happen I mean
it's good to ask for it I mean if I if I
were negotiating I would definitely ask
for it but really does anybody think
that's going to happen got to ask yeah
you got to ask because the way they
answer might tell you something right
the the resistance they put up might
actually be a clue to them not being in
good shape or something
else no they're never going to let that
happen because that would give access to
information about where they're being
held I suppose you know even if you
blindfolded them or whatever they'd
still have some idea where they
went um well so we'll see what happens
all right the big sort of news it's
either the biggest news in the world or
or not
is that the current belief about the
chat GPT open Ai and Sam mman Saga is
that the real
issue was that uh chat GPT has reached
super intelligence in the lab but not
not the production one and that some say
and I say this is likely when Sam mman
said before all this drama started Sam
had said at an event is this a tool
we've we've built or a creature we've
built is it a tool or a creature he was
saying that a week or so before all this
controversy blew up and of course that
caught people's attention like hm is
there something you have in the lab that
we haven't seen yet like cuz what I've
seen doesn't look like a creature it
looks like a mimic you know like a
parrot or something like that well I
guess a parrot's a creature but it looks
mechanical to me it doesn't come across
as human but maybe they had something in
the lab that was a whole different level
and now we are hearing
probably and there's this technology
that I don't quite understand called Q
learning the letter
Q can I join with all of you for a
moment and say why did it have to be
that letter of all the letters the only
ones it couldn't be were x and q all
right that would still give you a whole
bunch of letters that you could have
used that would be
untainted you know even even a is you
know adultery a little bit but you know
I'd use an a a learning t-learning
zlearning M learning all good but Q come
on come on why do you have to mix up Q
with q and on and Q from Star Trek
and all this other stuff I think that
letter is overused
now here's the first thing I learned
apparently this idea this whole uh what
what it is is a um it's an
AI apparently well
understood uh process for achieving AI
so it's different than the large
language models where they're just
looking for patterns in human words this
one would have some higher level
reasoning
skills but it's been around since
the'80s as a concept it it must be that
it must be that there's something
happening it must be that there's
something
happening uh technologically that makes
this Q learning thing practical you know
maybe it's
the the the speed of the processors or
the size of the data set or something
like that so apparently this Q learning
which was not a big thing in our current
models is going to be the big thing in
the
future now I don't quite understand it I
tried to do a little bit of a deep dive
so I could get kind of the general idea
here's the here's the closest I can get
and just keep in mind I'm not going to
do a good job of this but just sort of
to get you in the same zip code for what
this is because it actually matters it's
sort of sort of not just a big deal
maybe the biggest deal of of all human
history so that's why I'm going into
something that might be a little more
tactical and boring to some of you it
might be the biggest thing in human
history probably
not if I had to bet I'd bet against it
but it's certainly in the domain of it
could be the biggest thing that's ever
happened by far like by a million times
could be the biggest thing that's ever
happened but I guess the idea is instead
of just looking for patterns that
already existed the Q learning can kind
of try things and get rewarded if it
works and not get rewarded if it doesn't
work and then somehow rapidly
iterate and I'm going to use this term
because this I don't think the technical
people would use this I think it
imagines
scenarios you know how you before you
decide to do something you imagine how
it'll turn out and what you're doing is
you're using your imagined future as the
basis for whether to do it you imagine
it turning out well okay I'll do it
suppose you imagine it turning out well
and then you try something whatever it
is you try it and it doesn't work out
quite the way you imagined it what do
you do well you reimagine it you know
the new way and you try a different
thing and then you try to get your
imagination to match your actual and
you're getting rewarded when it matches
and you're not getting rewarded when it
doesn't so you very rapidly iterate to
the right answer and that looks
something like reason I guess and that
and it would look like a whole level
now keeping in mind that I might be
doing the worst job ever of explaining
this idea but also the people who
understand it maybe understand it at a
level that makes it impossible to
explain to normies you know what I mean
like if you really understood it you'd
probably say you know honestly I can't
explain this to you yeah you're not
smart enough and you don't have enough
background in the area and you don't
have enough math and it would take two
days to do it like I feel like that's
the the reality that it just can't be
explained to normal people but it's
something like not looking at patterns
that's the the current way just patterns
but it's more like imagining and trying
imagining and trying and matching and
getting rewarded and imagining and
trying
now here's why this is super interesting
to me does anybody
remember probably for years now I've
been telling you that uh we already had
the technology to create Consciousness
in AI does anybody remember me saying
that I've been saying it for a while
that that we wouldn't need to invent
anything new to get Consciousness you
would just have to understand what
Consciousness
is so it's really about the definition
of what Consciousness is because under
my definition of Consciousness we've
always had the techn well not always but
we've had the technology for a while
maybe five years or so and here's what I
think it is I think
Consciousness is really not much more
than just imagining the future and then
comparing the actual to it and that's it
and if you can't imagine the future and
then see how your act will turned out
and then adjust you wouldn't have this
feeling called Consciousness because the
large language models the ones we have
now they're just looking at patterns you
ask it a question and it gives you a
result and that's it it doesn't remember
the question and it doesn't remember the
result it has no consciousness it's
simply like a cause and effect right but
the AI the new versions maybe and
again by tomorrow I'll probably tell
probably in all likelihood tomorrow I'm
going to say you know everything I said
about AI somebody smart told me I got
all that wrong and just ignore all that
that might happen by tomorrow but at the
moment it looks like the new version The
Q stuff has something like an
imagination the way they explain it is
is that uh the a the AI is train is
training itself on ai's own uh output
let me say that a better way the current
version of AI takes the things that
exist in the world like real life things
things that people said stuff on the
internet and it uses those patterns AI
can use all of that stuff the real Stuff
Plus it can kind of Imagine new things
that had never existed anywhere and then
take the new thing it imagined and add
it to the body of stuff that exists and
use the combined exist plus
imagined for its new level of
intelligence now that's sort of the
complicated mix it all together way of
saying it if you strip out what's
different what's different is that it
imagines things and then sees how close
it gets to its imagination that's that's
my own version of it that's
consciousness
do do you understand why they might have
been so uh crazy on the
board imagine you're the board of Chad
GPT I don't know if this is true by the
way this just sort of fun speculation
imagine you're on the board you're an
ordinary human being one of 8 billion
human beings you're just one of the many
people who have lived and died in the
history of human civilization you're not
more important
you're not less important than every
other human
being and suddenly it comes to your desk
to decide whether or not to authorize
the creation of a conscious super
entity how would you like that to be
your
decision are you are you good with that
every Everybody comfortable with
that it it's it's literally the most
dangerous thing
that human civilization has ever seen by
far could be like a million times more
dangerous than the most dangerous thing
Humanity's ever seen yeah and I'm and
I'm talking about you know meteors and
you
everything how would you like to make
that
decision that would be pretty scary and
one thing it would do is it would make
you
crazy Am I Wrong think about think about
the craziness that Donald Trump creates
in half of the country he makes people
actually crazy it doesn't take that much
to make people just
crazy so yeah it's like Oppenheimer
times times a million
right
um so have some here here's what I'd say
have some
empathy for the fact that their your
fellow human
beings were were tasked with taking the
responsibility of all of our lives
forever they actually had the
responsibility for safeguarding all of
our lives forever the history of
humankind have you ever go to a business
meeting where the the literal history
the the future of humankind depended on
what you did in the meeting I mean just
imagine that you can't even imagine it
it's actually Beyond
imagination so what would you
predict if such a thing came up I'll
tell you what I'd
predict
chaos I would predict something very
much like what we saw people would be
out of their
minds they would not be able to process
this set of problems in any kind of
model that they've ever dealt with
before it wouldn't be like anything else
it would be completely new
and so I have complete empathy for
everybody who was trying to figure it
out and you know what I would like to
thank them all I I would like to thank
the slow the you know the the so-called
goost slow people and the so-called go
fast people I don't know if that's as
clean a distinction as people say but
you know the idea I'd like to thank them
because if if they made a big fight out
of it and therefore made us think deeper
about it perhaps Microsoft put some
extra controls on there maybe maybe
Satya got involved and said you know I
like what you're doing but you better
you know disconnect it from the rest of
the internet until we know maybe
something like that now I don't know if
we're safe I don't know but it's really
interesting to think about and I do
think that if it's doing what they say
it probably presents itself like it's
conscious it probably presents itself
like its
conscious because in a sense it can
dream and and when and once this AI is
connected to the human beings the human
beings become its um like central
nervous system so the only thing that
this presumed you know super
intelligence that may or may not exist
behind the scenes the only thing it
lacks is the central nervous
system and that's the rest of humanity
because as soon as we're connected to it
then it can test anything it wants to
test using us so it could say for
example hey let's try out this um way of
thinking let's say a
reframe and then it sends it out and a
million people immediately give a
reaction it goes oh that one didn't work
let's try this cuz remember the Q
learning is a reward try and reward so
Humanity would become its reward um
mechanism so if it tries something and
humans act in a way that gets a good
result humans will feed back oh positive
reinforcement so we become the central
nervous system of this
entity which is effectively
God now here's the interesting
part you know how uh some of the
Ancients believed there were multiple
gods you know the God of Thunder and the
God of this or that and others said oh
there's only one
God in the next phase of human existence
unless the first one destroys everything
so there can never be another one which
I don't think will happen it won't be
connected enough won't we won't we be
birthing multiple
gods will not each version of this have
a Godlike ability and once it's
connected to humans it's magnified
we're going to have a multiple God
situation and if you said to yourself
hey these these uh AIS might not care
about us and they might wipe us out
without even caring I would say far more
likely they would fight each
other far more likely the AIS will be in
a battle with each other because they
wouldn't see us as a
threat we might develop some AIS that
are the police to try to catch the other
AIS from stealing your money so it's
going to be a battle of the AI gods and
I think people are going to be just
watching and hoping we win you know or
your side wins before the before the AI
kills you too all right no it won't do
that you'll be
fine all right what else is happening um
apparently Google's version of AI and
this is still the traditional AI can now
let you talk to your YouTube video
look let me say that again you can now
talk to a video and by that I mean if
you wondered uh what I said in this live
stream you could go to YouTube
afterwards after it's you know posted in
its recorded form and you could go to
Google bard and you could say hey what'
this guy talk about it'll give you
bullet point summary of what I talked
about or you could say hey what was the
timestamp of when Scott was talking
about uh Q learning
Boop is that
impressive that's crazy that is
crazy it's just like I almost can't hold
that in my mind that is so cool and for
me it would be transformative because
there's tons of stuff I want to know
that people how how many times does this
happen now because of what I do people
are always sending me videos just all
the time
and there's no way I could watch them
all because there just more videos that
people think I should see than I have
time for but what if Q could take every
video that somebody says I should see
and turns it into three bullet points so
I could just like scream through all of
it my my
God that's just an amazing
ability some smart people say that
Google will be the winner in AI because
it's going to build AI into the tools
you are to use and I think that's
already happening right now so I believe
any everything from YouTube to Gmail to
your calendar will have a uh an AI
augmentation so you should be able to
talk to your
calendar basically just talked all of
your your Google
products crazy now I would I think that
the phase after this is that there are
no Google
products I think email will go away you
know spreadsheets will go away because
of AI in other words it won't be a
spreadsheet app you'll just go to Ai and
say hey AI I want to figure out my
budget could you you know grab all my
banking information and just put it in
some kind of a budget form so I could
say it and that will be your spreadsheet
and you'll have you know you'll you'll
never have to know how to do a formula
or how to add up a row or anything
they'll just do it for you because you
wanted it to same with email does it
make sense to have email not if you have
ai ai should look at all your incoming
messages no matter what mechanism they
come in and it should propose responses
and then just present them to you in
summary form it's like uh Hey somebody
asked you this I'm going to tell them
that okay that sort of thing yeah you're
not going to need email or spreadsheets
or like really any apps if you can talk
to AI you don't need apps I don't think
I haven't heard other people say this
yet have
you have you heard other people say apps
will go away to to me that's really
obvious and it's the biggest thing
that's going to happen in the industry
because we have an app based everything
everything's an app so what happens when
there's no apps we're going to find out
really really quickly maybe a year from
now there won't be any apps that's
possible that by the way I remind you is
why I sold my Apple stock uh not because
Apple won't one day be the the best in
Ai and have you know even better
products than now there's a good chance
they will but it takes it from a
monopoly business where you really can't
get out of the Apple ecosystem once you
get in it's just too easy to stay in the
ecosystem it's like a
monopoly but it's just going to be an
open competition in about a year and
then they just have to compete with
everybody else as if they were startups
so that wasn't as comfortable to me so I
I got rid of that I do not make economic
or financial recommendations that is not
a financial recommendation do not follow
my financial advice I'm very bad at
Financial advice all
right
um here's a here's an interesting
exchange and Elon mus is part of this
again so Emily Chang on the xplatform uh
post to this uh said one of the biggest
tasks they had for open
AI That's s maltman's company that he's
back to uh one of the biggest tasks ah
had is building a new board one that
includes women and then she goes on to
name several women whose names were
floated for the board of open Ai and
some were considered and dismissed Etc
so Elon Musk responds to that with a
comment he says what matters is having a
director who who deeply understands Ai
and will stand up to say human
civilization is at stake
here okay well those are two two points
of view kind of two different points of
view on one hand it would be a good idea
to protect human civilization from its
greatest existential
threat that's a pretty good point it'd
be a good idea to have just the best
people protecting civilization from its
existential threat yeah it's a good
point but on the other hand and you have
to weigh this equally on the other hand
having a board with the right acceptable
ratio of vaginas to penises well that's
important too so if you had to give up a
little bit on the
protecting the existential risk to human
civilization you might want to give up a
little bit on that to get just the right
ratio of vaginas to penises
have I ever told you that I have this
theory that although each individual is
very different people are infinitely
different and and unique that there are
some
generalities that still
hold you'd have to you know not be
discrimination you don't want to
discriminate and act like everybody's in
these generalities because individuals
are very different as I say but
generally speaking is my theory that
biologically and evolutionary Wise Women
are nurturers mostly and men are hunters
and protectors if you want something
killed call a man if you want something
shared nicely among people call a woman
if you want somebody to kick somebody's
ass call a man if you want somebody to
make people get along and have a nice
meal and you know live in a happy life
call a woman now of course tons of
exceptions right there are women who can
fight better than men there are men who
can you know who are more nurturing than
women and there are non-binaries and all
over the place but sort of as a a
general statement of our biological
truth in general women are superior
nurturers and men are better at
protecting and killing stuff generally
speaking here's a good
example here's a uh woman uh Emily Jang
who has a good Instinct toward making
the world a
fair you know more collegial place kind
of nurturing and so from her point of
view it would be nice to have a board
that represented men and women and might
also give you some you know diverse
opinion in that world might even be
better but in Ilan m who's a
male he's saying and I would agree with
his take this is one of those areas
where you don't do
that because this is defending the
entire population of Earth
and no matter how many times I tell you
I'm going to keep telling you you should
never discriminate by sex or race or uh
religion or or ability you know
disability um for a job you know you
don't want to do it in your personal
life you don't want to deny somebody
renting your your building so for
Commerce and person life and all of your
individual in-person
stuff don't
discriminate that's it's immoral it
doesn't help you it doesn't help the
person you discriminate against doesn't
help Society everybody
loses there's one exception
self-defense when it comes to
self-defense you can discriminate as
much as you want there's nothing immoral
or or even a little bit wrong with that
for self-defense the only thing that
matters is you live or you protect your
family or you protect your country
everything else is secondary so you do
not count the vaginas to the penises
when the self-defense when you say to
yourself you know should we concentrate
our recruitment on men or women for
Special
Forces probably concentrated men because
you're going to get a better result on
average does that say there isn't a
woman somewhere who would be the best
Special Forces person of all time no
that could be possible nobody's saying
that individuals have are the same I'm
saying that in general if your biggest
mission is protecting the country and
staying alive you don't with this
other stuff ever there's a reason that
our military doesn't take senior
citizens because they're not as good
there's a reason that we do allow people
of all Races in the military because
we've tested it and it works out if it
didn't work we wouldn't do it you know
even though it's racist we wouldn't do
it if it didn't work so I mean we've
tested it it
works uh I'm sure if we tested senior
citizens we wouldn't get the same result
and nobody has any problem with that
there there's no senior citizen group
the
AARP is not lobbying to get more senior
citizens in the military nobody thinks
it's a good idea right so when musk says
you know some version of let's not make
sure that the vagina to penis ratio is
the main thing how about the protecting
humanity is it and you do that the best
you can and you don't worry about
anything
else let's see if there's another story
in the news today that reminds you of
this
one turns out that uh the Dutch over in
the Netherlands there have uh looks like
they've elected uh what some call
right-wing gear
Wilders and uh he was being asked about
his views on mass immigration and multi
multiculturalism of which he's uh let's
say has some provocative
thoughts and he was asked by a
journalist I was watching this on a
video today um and he says is it wise
for a politician to a excise one group
because now the context is that gear uh
Wilders was saying that groups some of
the Immigrant groups from some countries
had a 20 times higher crime
rate and that you couldn't ignore that
so the journalist says Is it wise for a
politician to ostracize one group and
Wilder says I don't uh oh because and
then the journalist says but couldn't
the real problem be economic that if you
looked at people who have you know low
income there's a higher crime rate so is
that right to say that the Moroccans
they use the Moroccans as an example
says it would it be right to say that
the Moroccans are a problem or is it
really more about
economics that's a good question right
that's exactly the right
question now I'm going to tell you
exactly the right answer because it is a
right question here's the right answer
from gear Wilders I don't care why
they're over
represented and we're
done thank you yeah because this is
National Defense for the Dutch the Dutch
have an existential threat to their
country and when you tell them are the
Moroccans a problem because of their
economic situation or the Moroccans a
problem for some other reason that would
sound racist and gear says I don't
care that is exactly the right
answer gear Wilders is a male he's a man
so when you ask this man who is
presumably you know one of many men who
evolved for knowing how to protect you
and killing stuff if he needs to when
you ask him how much of the wokeness
should we factor into staying alive gear
wild Wilders gives you the only right
answer I don't care about
wokeness it's not even in my
conversation that's something you could
talk about but we're talking about
defending the country sorry is not part
of the conversation I'm going to look at
the the numbers and then I'm going to
manage to the numbers that were sure or
right and you know they have pretty good
at crime numbers he says it's not my
problem don't care not even going to get
into the conversation
why thank you that is exactly the right
answer the better answer is that we
don't we don't consider those factors
when Staying Alive is the question when
when staying a country and not devolving
into chaos is the is the question you
don't ask those
questions but in order to sound not like
some kind of Hitler fascist racist
person you should make sure that you say
what I
say it is immoral and in efficient and
bad for everybody if you discriminate on
any of those factors for any individual
in person but if you're doing it on a
statistical level and you're talking
about people who are not yet citizens
versus your citizens you're trying to
protect discriminate all you want there
there there's no barrier to
discrimination for your self- protection
and more importantly nobody gets to
second guess you suppose we sat over
here and said said you know what I think
you Dutch are
overreacting yeah maybe there's like a
little problem extra of the immigrants
but really but really we Americans think
you're overreacting and you shouldn't do
that do you know what gear Wilder should
say to us I don't
care I don't I don't care what your
opinion
is that's the right opinion the right
opinion is nobody second guesses
self-defense self-defense is only only
the business of the individual or in
this case the country it is nobody
else's business now this is the same
attitude that I take to the Gaza
situation in Gaza you could say to
yourself hey in my opinion sitting
safely over here in America I think
Israel should not go so hard on Gaza do
you know what Israel should say to that
opinion I don't
care they should have no care
what our opinion is of how they protect
themselves now they of course have to
manage public opinion so managing public
opinion does matter right that's got a
cost and a benefit to it so they have to
do
that but they should not under any
condition do it because we think it's a
good
idea we don't get a vote nobody gets a
vote on their self-defense and that's
why I say don't ask me if it's right or
wrong it's going to happen that's it
yeah you you can talk about what to do
about it after the fact but Israel is
going to do what they're going to do and
nothing's going to stop
it all right um and of course this is
there's a trend forming now uh some
people are calling this gear welders the
the Dutch
Trump because of largely his immigration
I guess and they're also calling uh M
the new head of Argentina the
Argentina's
Trump so now the American Trump is has a
dominant position in the
polls and we have two key countries that
just went full
Trump I don't know does it feel like
2016 all over again you remember when
brexit passed and people said oh this is
telling us Trump's going to get elected
and then it kind of did it feels like
that yeah it feels like the uh the
pendulum has swung
back all right um Claire
mccal what was she was she a rep house
representative at one point is she still
in she's not still in office is she
who's Claire mccal she was on MSNBC
senator from Missouri still Senator is
she still or did she retire ex Missouri
Senator but now on MSNBC I guess or at
least she was appearing there I don't
know if she's employed there but anyway
she was uh saying that uh Trump is more
dangerous than
Hitler all right I'm going to suggest a
way to handle this but first i'm going
to explain exactly what she said so you
can really feel it first of all you know
that Trump referred to I don't know who
he was talking about but he referred to
verman
remind me who was Trump talking about
when he said
verman um he was referring
to it doesn't matter does it he wasn't
referring to American citizens was
he
MS13 oh he was talking about MS13 is
for he's probably used that before here
um I'd like to test this out this didn't
work when I tested on locals before
before I went live on YouTube but let me
test it with the YouTube people I grew
up in Upstate New York and when I went
to college there were a lot of people
from the New Jersey New York area in
college so I was I was friends with a
lot of people who were born and raised
in that area and in those days the word
vermin was somewhat common from people
born in that area in other words it was
an ordinary insult they would use to any
variety of people and it wasn't racist
it was just people you didn't like so it
had nothing to do with any racial
overtones it was just like a general EUR
rat kind of a insult now am I right am I
right that it's a regional thing that
Trump picked up is it Regional to call
people of vermin New Jersey New
York I'm seeing one yes I'm seeing some
more yeses yes I'm from upstate New
York um yes
yes yes okay so I think I've
demonstrated that there it's more than
me that believe it's a regional thing
now let me ask you this has anybody in
your news Universe told you that it's a
regional
phrase has anybody mentioned that and
that Trump routinely uses you know
phrasings from his the region that he's
most influenced by he grew up a cism
yeah but if you didn't know that and I
don't think anybody not from that region
would be even be aware that it's a
common word there if you didn't know
that it's easy to sell that as Hitler
because that's the only Association you
have in your mind oh Hitler called
people
verbing so anyway here's mcal let me I'm
going to read exactly what she says so
you can see the level of craziness here
quote a lot of people have tried to draw
similarities between musolini and Hitler
and the use of the terminology like
verman and uh the drive that those men
had towards autocracy and dictatorship
the difference uh though I think makes
Donald Trump even more
dangerous than Hitler and
melini now she's saying this with a
straight face that he's more dangerous
than Hitler and now she's going to back
it up with her argument okay here's the
argument and that that is a all right he
goes quote he is not trying to expand
the boundaries of the United States of
America so unlike Hitler and musolini
he's not trying to expand our boundaries
and remember this is a criticism of
him so she starts by saying he's not
trying to expand the boundaries like
then she says he's not trying to
overcome a neighboring country like
Putin is in
Ukraine wait are you suggesting that
Putin is better than Trump because Putin
has an objective of conquering
Ukraine where Trump does not try to
conquer any other
countries so just just hold in your head
the hot mess that this is right she goes
on I talk about Trump he is not going to
some grandiose scheme of international
dominance but I feel like that's a good
thing and then she goes all he wants is
to look in the mirror and see a guy who
is
president
okay uh so this is mind reading right
that she's going into complete mind
reading that all he wants to do is see
see himself as present all he cares
about is selfish
self-promotion that's the only
philosophy he has when make which makes
it even more
dangerous
what are you telling me that somebody
who likes
self-promotion and that's their biggest
flaw law is more
dangerous than
Hiller she's actually saying that
directly and clearly and then she goes
on well there's a reason because U Trump
he has actually said out loud that he
would be okay to terminate the
Constitution to keep him in power
really let let's do a fact check on that
because I watch the news a lot I do not
remember the time that Trump said we
should terminate the Constitution does
anybody remember that is there anybody
who saw that in any kind of
news I'm going to have to give you the
Tapper tilt to that one are you ready
it's the the Tapper head tilt is when
you're listening to somebody that you're
trying to discredit without actually
saying any words so you're saying that
uh he said out loud he'd like to
terminate the Constitution to keep him
in
power
there the Tapper
tilt that's all all needs to be
said then she goes on he said this he
actually said those
words no he
didn't pretty sure he didn't if he said
that you don't think we would see that
clip playing on on repeat all day
long how would anybody have missed
that the only way you can miss it is it
it didn't happen
there's no other way you could miss it
all right uh and the irony is all these
supposedly conservative folks that have
populated the Republican Party All stood
around with their with their thumb in
their mouth going well yeah I guess so
and then she says it's so
bizarre all right I'm going to add this
to my list of why women should not be in
charge of National
Defense
I believe that she's putting uh talking
nicely above the country's Safety and
Security this is batshit
crazy now how should you respond to this
because obviously there's going to be a
lot more of it right there'll be a lot
more that the return of
fascism because since we know that Joe
Biden or whoever runs in his place
they're not going to be able to compete
on policy except abortion and that's
going down to the state level for
decisions so even that one's a little
bit off the table because it's become
more of a state thing so if you can't
compete on policies you have to go to
you know insulting your competition
making look bad so they're going to call
you fascist they're going to call him uh
Hitler if you support him so what do you
do about it I absolutely think there's
one and only way wouldn't wait to deal
with it
successfully you have to mock it and
joke with it and embrace it and amplify
it you have to make is sarcastic you
have to laugh at them every time they do
it and you never never can take them
seriously you have to you have to treat
them like children who are afraid of the
dark they're they're afraid of the
fascists under the bed and and so so
instead of responding cuz you imagine
you you're going to be a politician and
somebody says uh so and so mcal said
Trump is worse than Hitler do you say
something like well I don't know you
know Democrat policies are pretty bad
too or do you'd say no he's not those
don't work because the Hitler thing is a
fear
persuasion the suppose you had a little
kid who was afraid of a monster under
the bed how do you play it I'll give you
two different ways you're little K kid
says there's monster under the bed I
can't turn off the lights and go to
sleep do you
say um there's no monster under the
bed don't worry about it go to sleep
well you could you could here's a better
way no all kids go through that you know
I remember when I thought there was a
monster under the bed I when I was your
age I used to look under the bed every
day no there's no
monsters that's funny uh that because I
remember exactly when I was your age I
had the same conversation with my
parents we were sure they were monsters
but you know what everybody looks under
the bed and nobody ever finds a monster
nobody's found one yet maybe you'll find
one that likes you you know you just
treat it like it's not
serious so all of this fascism stuff if
somebody ask you know accuses you of
being a fascist or says that Trump is
you should say what would be an example
of this
fascism now what they probably say is
that he wants to be a
dictator and then you say well that
that's you know that's not really
fascism is it because I thought fascism
was about the government working with
the
companies uh to basically have control
of what the companies do you know sort
of like the Democrats want to do with uh
free speech so you have actual
examples in which the Democrats are
acting in a fascist nature n nature
that you know the other social media
companies except for X are bowing to the
government's will that's actually
literally
fascism that fits the definition without
any hyperbole at all and but the part
about staying in office they're going to
use the Insurrection thing you have to
mock the
Insurrection the the way to deal with it
is I want you to tell me to my face that
you believe Republicans try to take over
the country without bringing weapons
just say that directly well I'm I'm the
one asking the questions here I know you
are but I want to understand the context
of the question do you believe that in
some reasonable world the Republicans
try to take over the country without
weapons well well no uh I'm the one
asking the questions you see where this
would go right you should make them look
like idiots for asking that
question uh now I'm sorry if Republicans
ever decide to take over a country look
for the
weapons and then there could be well but
somebody found one gun that was behind
the garbage can a block away and you say
really is that how Republicans take over
the country they make sure they got that
one gun that's hidden the block
away was that their that was their
battle plan that one gun that was a
block away just mock the out of it
just mock it you in fact
you should make them talk about it as
long as possible because if you mock it
right the longer they talk about it the
worse it is for them but if you don't
mock it the longer they talk about it
the worse it is for you does that make
sense if you mock it you take the high
ground and the more they see of it the
worse it is for them but as long as you
just say no it's not true we have good
policies or your side does it too then
all that people hear is how often you're
accused of it they don't really hear the
defense part you have to change the
frame the frame should not be this is a
good question and I'm answering it no
don't enter that frame take VI's um uh
approach the vake actually says okay
what's Happening Here is you're being a
 idiot he doesn't say that but
what's Happening Here is you're being an
illegitimate uh member of the press
you're asking me a ridiculous question
and no nobody thinks that Republicans
take over countries without bringing
guns right so you're being ridiculous
right now you realize how silly you are
you realize you're just being you're
been crazy right on camera will you feel
good when this plays back are you can
you defend that question to your friends
I mean that's the way I'd go I I'd go
right after the real problem which is
this these are not real questions these
are not real accusations this is just
pure
and I don't think Trump has been good at
that I think he is sort of ignored it or
tried to stay tough-talking
or and oh here's another
idea this will never happen but I uh I
suggest it in the uh let's say in the
spirit of showing you uh
persuasion imagine if between now and
election day Trump decides to go to
lunch once a week with a green-haired
Democrat Progressive you know a
different one and like the you know the
most anti-trump person you could
imagine and all they're going to do is
go to lunch and he's just going to
listen to
him and have a conversation nobody's
trying to change anybody's Minds he's
just going to go lunch now here's the
thing that I know that not all of you
know Trump loves a pirate
ship Trump loves a pirate ship if you're
smart he's going to find a way to get
along with you and in person all all of
his scary demeanor stuff that he puts on
when he's talking tough you won't see
any of
it if you meet him in person he is the
warmest uh most sort of generous
accommodating Charis atic character
you're ever going to run into right you
know he he puts on kind of an act when
he's talking but but the real himm when
he's just relaxed and hanging out
because I had the experience of you know
chatting with him for a while his his
actual in-person
personality is
absolutely um what do I
say it's
undeniable it's so strong that you would
have a time leaving the lunch hating him
you would leave thinking damn it I wish
he agreed with me more but you wouldn't
hate him when he left when he left you
you would leave thinking you know okay
he's got a point of
view yeah disarming disarming that's the
right word thank you thank you he is
both generous and disarming in person
and you do not get any sense of you know
evil like you don't get any of that in
person and and he will show interest in
you that you didn't think was possible
like you'll ask questions about your
situation and actually listen to you and
you feel that he's actually listening
that that was my
experience
and I I think it's one of his greatest
assets but he keeps that greatest asset
sort of you know close you know people
who know him know it but the the people
who hate him don't know it now this
would probably work with Biden as well
right CU people at that level can be
pretty charismatic so probably if you
were a big Biden hater but you went to
lunch with them You' kind of leave going
well he did have some
points
so I think we make the mistake of
thinking that everybody is a TV person
and they're just images on the screen so
you can hate them and call them verman
and do anything you want cuz they're not
real but if he just every week went to
hair with or went to
lunch with a green-haired lesbian and
the next time you know two n b binaries
and uh you member of antifa as long as
he had good security you know two
members of Black lives
matter wouldn't you love to see that and
just do it once a
week yeah because you know a lot of
people just want to be heard would you
agree um I think psychologists would
agree with this a lot of people want to
hear want to know that their version
actually got into the brain of the
person who makes the decision and they
rolled it around they compared it to
what they were doing and then if they
still decide to do what they were
already doing well at least you did your
job like you got in there you you gave
the counter argument you would feel
completely different differently even if
the decision goes the other
way podcast lunch with
Trump yeah no I think he should be
private if if he had lunch so the other
thing I say if somebody calls you a
fascist I was trying to get out on an X
yesterday um I mock them and say
apparently you ran out of words if if
you have to start using words that even
you don't know the meaning it means you
ran out of words it doesn't mean
anything it's just it's just a way to
dismiss it as
silly all right um Adrien Norman had a
uh fascinating podcast that I reposted
so if you're looking at it if you're
looking for it look for uh Adrien Norman
DC that's what he goes by by his ex name
and he interviewed a guy who seems to
know a lot about Hezbollah sleeper
groups in the United States something
called Unit
910 has infiltrated the United States
and other countries so apparently
Hezbollah backed by Iran um is far
bigger than I think most people realized
you know I kind of thought of them as
this little group of people in in
Lebanon that sometimes send rockets at
Israel I don't really think of them as a
global
organization but you should because
they're a global organization and
apparently these are the the ones who
figure out how to um among other things
you know it's basically a spy
organization but among other things they
figure out what to blow up in the United
States if they need to blow something
up so in theory a country like uh Iran
and I wrote a book about this very idea
the religion or it's a key part of the
book is that if you have a country that
can't compete in the traditional uh
nuclear way the one thing you could do
is over time infiltrate a lot of people
into the major cities of your enemy and
get them set up so they can do some
terrorist act that would happen at the
same time in multiple
places so that you could basically
 the country with you know well
chosen you know hit a power plant knock
out some bridges you know really go for
like some key infrastructure and you
just the whole country would shut down
for months so I think that it was sort
of an obvious strategy but I think it
looks like esbol is doing that now you
might ask yourself why don't they do it
yet why have there not been any
terrorist things yet cuz we've been at
you know Ran's neck for a long time time
and I would ask you this how do you know
they
weren't you know you keep hearing about
energy plants and power and uh food
processing plants having all these
explosions and problems and some people
said are these all natural feels like a
lot of meat processing plants are having
trouble lately now I don't know maybe
that's conspiracy theory stuff but um it
wouldn't be
surprising if if dirty tricks were
already happening and we just don't know
it wouldn't be
surprising all right um Fox News has a
story about young people turning on Joe
Biden and some of them are calling him
genocide Joe I don't know how many of
them are called I got a feeling that was
like one person they talked to yeah we
like to call him genocide Joe so that
became the headline I don't know how
many people are calling him that but um
they're turning on him over his refu to
back a ceasefire even though there's a
sort of one a temporary one now
um but the experts say this are they
really going to vote for Trump
instead yeah uh when it comes right down
to a choice are they going to choose
Trump so don't get too excited if the
polls say that the young people don't
like Biden because they might dislike
Trump more and that's going to be the
critical thing but it could make a big
difference if they stay home right so if
they're not excited about either one
that's a good reason not to vote so you
might see Trump winning just because you
know maybe the ones who did vote were
already on his
side but it it's it's weird to see how
dumb young people are uh that they
somehow don't realize that Trump would
have also backed Israel completely well
he does so why would you hate you know
the one person when the other person
would do exactly the same thing in fact
pretty much most of our politicians
would do the same thing but the young I
don't know don't have the context
maybe
yeah um as Mike cernovich pointed out
today or yesterday in the post uh that
the plan to ship gsin to the West has
been endorsed by multiple uh knesset
members and so that's Israel uh and that
the current Israeli minister of
intelligence and numerous others have
planned it and and uh Mike zovich and
his classic init inimitable way says and
still low IQ American conservatives will
claim this isn't the
plan um and one member ex-member of the
Israel government was saying each
country should take a quota we need all
2 million to leave that is the solution
for Gaza well at least they're saying it
directly now now I think I've been
telling you since the start that there's
no scenario that makes sense where
Israel you know reeks havoc in Gaza and
then says all right
rebuild that can't
happen under no scenario can that happen
they have to completely own it
depopulate it turn it into some other
thing it just can't be where the where
the Hamas and Palestinians ever live
again probably now they might if they're
smart they're not going to exclude all
Palestinians but they would vet them so
carefully that almost nobody would get
through but they could still say well
look we got Palestinians living here we
got Jews everybody's living happily but
it would be because they Ved them so
extremely that that they knew what they
were getting
all right um so I do believe this is an
existential risk to the United
States that there will be more of this
and if we open up our borders to people
who's uh too many of them this is the
Moroccan question we're not saying all
Moroccans are criminals nobody says that
and we're certainly not saying that all
Palestinians are are uh you know
dangerous to America don't believe that
you know I've in fact I've known
personally a number of
Palestinian types who are just awesome
people so it's not about all of them
it's about uh managing your risk so here
again I say that if you are trying to
keep America safe you don't care about
anything
except can you know for sure that this
population of people is going to be safe
in the long run and if you can't that's
it
Michael says Scott there's more to life
than politics
Christ um do you know uh what this live
stream's about sort of a live stream
about
politics didn't nobody told you that did
you think it was all going to be dilber
Comics I'm
sorry all
right well the most important thing
today is that it's the Thanksgiving and
uh for all of you lonely people uh I'll
be doing a uh live stream starting at
6:00 p.m. eastern time 300 p.m. my time
first hour will be family friendly and
then I might go private if we if we want
to have some adult conversations and
whatnot but if you're alone on
Thanksgiving and you like some company
that's what I'll be for so I'm not going
to be presenting anything I'm just going
to be hang hanging out with you while I
while I make some food so I'm going to
be cooking and prepping and chatting to
you I have my official chef's hat and
apron and you can just put it on and
feel like uh you got a friend I'll be
your virtual friend as you know the
biggest one of the biggest health risks
in the world right now is loneliness
because our system is driving us to uh
be lonely and so I'll try to do what I
can to fix that this will be a little
test if it goes as well maybe I'll do
more of it um we'll see if people like
it but uh don't miss it if you're
lonely let me help and I will also like
to take this opportunity to show my
gratitude to every one of you and anyone
who's ever watched this all year as you
know I ran into a little bit of trouble
earlier this year I don't know if
anybody heard Little Thing Called
cancellation and um at the moment
I'm doing great happier than ever
literally happier than ever and it's
because of you uh you're the ones who
did not turn your backs on me you're the
ones who looked at the proper context
and said do we care about that or do we
not care about that and you're the
smartest audience in all of live
streaming which I actually believe I
believe that literally
and um I cannot tell you how much I
appreciate you because words would fail
yeah my appreciation for you and what
you've done for me is
Extreme and uh I try to repay the favor
as often as possible which can help Bond
Bond us um number of you have been nice
enough to say that I've changed your
lives in a variety of ways some of you
have already bought your copy of my new
book reframe your brain which by by the
way um this sounds like marketing and it
is but it's also true I wouldn't wait
too long to order this if you want to
get it as a gift it's it's sort of the
perfect gift book because it works for
everybody there there's nobody literally
nobody who would not find this an
interesting book right it's not like
knowing somebody likes certain kinds of
books this one's guaranteed because it's
just easy little reframes that would
work for
everybody so uh because it's
independently published which means that
Amazon publishes them based on the
orders that come in so they they don't
make them in advance just in case you
want them so I don't know that if you
wait until too close to Christmas you
would get it on
time I'm I'm kind of expecting that
they're going to tell me any moment now
oh there's a two we delay or something
so if you're smart the following week if
you want any copies of that I would get
them um that is marketing of course
but I think it's true I think there
might be some some uh Supply problems in
the last two
weeks all
right um well Annie I'm glad I helped
you during the
pandemic and and you certainly returned
the favor all of you did
so I'll see you uh YouTube either
tomorrow or tonight by the way usually
the the stream will not be on YouTube I
think I didn't mention that it'll be on
the locals
stream uh usually it's private but I'm
going to make it public so everybody
could watch it um that would be at Scott
adams. locals.com that's where you'd
find me and it'll go live at 6 p.m.
eastern time I'll see you tomorrow or
tonight thanks for
joining