bum bum bum bum bum
hey everybody come on in just checking
my Twitter to see if anybody's put any
questions there for me oh it looks like
there are all right do you have your
blanket on if you think if this isn't
better with the blanket on oh I feel for
you
sorry I just covered up my sound so did
you all see the the by didn't deep fake
so evidently Joe Biden has been replaced
by a digital reproduction a deep fake
and it made its debut today I call it
version 1.0 they had they got all of his
flaws and you know speaking
imperfections in there so I thought that
was really good for a version one but
you could tell by his hand motions to
robotic where their president should do
ass right right so we don't know what
they did with the real Joe Biden but
maybe he'll come back I have to assume
that he's being kept alive in some kind
of a coma like a state somewhere deep
below about or not possibly here's the
idea for you don't you think that
there's a high likelihood there's some
genetic propensity to all of this if I
don't I don't mean necessarily ethnic I
mean that there must be something about
some people's bodies that make them a
little extra susceptible so what would
you think of the idea just put this out
there of rapidly testing the DNA do a
full sequence I don't know all the right
words but you test the DNA of all the
people who died from the corona virus
and maybe you don't bother testing the
one
are over 80 because you got an you kind
of know that anything would have taken
him out but the people who are let's say
under 60 who also died what do you want
to know if their DNA has anything in
common
might be something about their love
receptor or something like that so given
that DNA testing is fairly easy and we
could test I I don't think it would be
that hard to test the DNA if people
either have already died or started
collecting it now and wouldn't we know
fairly quickly if there was anything
anything they had in common so that's
one way we could get back to work we
could identify the people who are
relatively invulnerable nobody's in
druggable but the people were less the
least likely to have problems and say
well maybe you guys go back you guys and
gal let's go back first now if you're
watching if you're having this
experience of flipping back between C
and then and Fox there's there's the two
movies forming and it's a really funny
one this time
except you know we might all die from if
they get the wrong answer that's not
funny
but if you turn on CNN you'll find out
that the I'm gonna call it the Trump
pills so the the pills that Trump keeps
talking about as having great promise if
you turn on CNN that they don't just
that's just not true
and they've kind of study that says that
the Trump pills don't work it's a brand
new study then you turn it on Fox and
expert after expert it'll say oh yeah
those Trump pills that work then you go
to NBC and the headline is two people
try to take the Trump pill and died from
an overdose so maybe it'll kill you
there's something wrong with all of
these stories and I don't know I don't
think I've decoded it all but here here
are a few things first of all the study
the study that CNN is saying shows that
the Trump pills don't work our different
pills
so that's the first thing so the thing
that CNN says you know is what the
president is referring to and then they
say here's the study and it doesn't work
but wasn't exactly what the president
was referring to so I think where they
study it and I need a fact check on this
but this isn't just my quick read on
this is that the study was for
chloroquine but I believe that the one
that is the presumed to be the good one
is a version of that hydroxychloroquine
and then there's a second difference
which is even the study that said the
chloroquine didn't seem to make a
difference said only by itself but when
paired with the azithromycin even the
chloroquine and the azithromycin package
did seem promising and they said that
should be immediately studied some more
but the actual thing that is I believe
fact check me on this but I believe the
thing that they're going to study in New
York the thing that's you know far more
effective and promising then the
chloroquine the CNN says sort of doesn't
work based on that one study it's not
really that's the different drug so
here's here's the challenge when the
media is talking about the pills that
Trump is talking about you got to be
careful which ones they're talking about
because apparently there's something
that makes a difference when you use
them together and it's the
hydroxychloroquine not the simple
chloroquine that's the one that's a good
one apparently
now what about NBC running this the
story that somebody took chloroquine and
died
you know there's nothing funny about
that a couple took it and died but then
you go to the first paragraph and it's
actually it was some kind of cleaner for
for fish tanks it wasn't even a
pharmaceutical drug they took a
pharmacist they took a different drug
that just had a similar first name that
was used for cleaning your fish tank and
they died now I think the headline
should have been couple of mistakes real
drugs you know mistakes a aquarium
cleaner for drugs and and dies from
taking it I mean I feel like that should
have been the headline right that they
took the wrong thing not that they took
something that's like the right thing
and died that was pretty bad all right
there's something very interesting about
to happen that I think is gonna make you
glad that you have a president who has
his experience and Trump's specific
experience here's the way it is
I'll give it I'll start by you know a
related or unrelated story but I'll tie
it in if you hire a lawyer and it's
something you don't know anything about
and you're just a normal person you hire
a lawyer and some topic you just don't
know anything about you just need the
lawyers help should you take the
lawyer's advice well on day one yeah
yeah the lawyer knows about it and you
don't that's why you got the lawyers so
yeah on day one you can take the
lawyer's advice but here's the secret if
you work with enough lawyers in in the
business setting the corporate setting
you still have to incorporate more
variables than your lawyer will so your
lawyers gonna say what's legal there's a
riskier should I do it well there's a
risk but should I do it well you know I
maybe say no because there's a risk but
the legal risk isn't the
only risk in the world there's their
risk of losing money the risk of
reputation you know all kinds of risk
the risks of how do the employees take
it whatever so the boss in these cases
has to get the input but knowing that
the input is not all the variables so
the boss still has to make the adult
decision which often can be counter to
you know one or more of the experts
because that expert is in a domain and
let's let's take this to the current
situation so if we have a situation
where doctor foul she says yes keep
everything closed for a longer time
that's really a medical judgment and the
president is balancing other
considerations one of them is
psychological there's a pretty big
psychological cost in this the other of
course is just raw lives and sometimes
you don't know you know are is there
anybody who's smart enough to know if
you if you take it this many days the
economic impact will be a crossover with
more people dying from bad the bad
economy than they would have died from
the you know there's actually nobody who
can do that calculation so the first
thing you need to realize if you want to
be an adult in the conversation is that
nobody knows and if kouchi and Trump
have a different opinion about which of
the paths is going to save the most
lives or kill the most that's a pretty
fair fair difference because neither of
them know you really it really is going
to come down to this this weird
indefinable business judgment experience
hunch gut feeling instinct you know
putting it put any kind of words on it
but these are decisions that would be
made without the benefit of the very
information that would allow you to do
irrationally so can you know who do you
trust
in that in a vague situation where
there's a big economic cost there's a
psychological cost there's a you know
medical cost who you know what kind of
person do you trust in that situation
and I kind of say Trump's got a pretty
good skill set for exactly this you know
generic situation where the the
economics and the psychology and the the
experts you know they may be pointing
different directions and you just have
to make a decision somebody's gonna make
a decision it's gonna be right it's
gonna be wrong you know we'll fix it as
quickly as we can if it's the wrong one
but it's a really really adult decision
and this is sort of the this is sort of
the reason you don't let anybody be
president because we're going to be
asking Trump this will be one of the
great decisions of all presidential
history if you think about it yeah you
could say decision to go to war and
World War two but weren't we gonna do
that anyway you know so you can think of
a lot of decisions there were big ones
you know the Civil War freeing of the
slaves and you know civil rights lots of
big decisions but I'm not sure if any of
those decisions were as murky and
immediately high stakes as this I feel
like the decision to go to war in a
world war situation was actually sort of
a no-brainer you just there was a matter
of when but it kind of knew you were
gonna get sucked into it and you know
other decisions are a little more
obvious that that you're picking the
right side but this one is not like that
I I don't think that there's anybody who
can honestly say oh yeah it's smart
enough to know that you know we got to
end this on Tuesday because that's the
crossover when it's worse the way that
it is to go back to work
yeah dropping the atomic bomb that was a
pretty big decision and certainly in
terms of life and death
potential anyway this might be in that
same category it might actually be that
big you know in the worst case scenario
now I'm still very much in the camp that
the only statistic isn't that matters
you can see lots of numbers and the only
one that matters is the death rate of
people under 60 who got the combination
of Hydra chloroquine and azithromycin so
it's all of those combinations so
they've got to be under 60 have no
frickin preconditions you know health
health problems and also get the drug
relatively soon after it was obvious
that they had some symptoms if those
people are still dying next week we got
to rethink everything and you know hope
that there's another drug behind it
that's better etc but if we find that
it's either so low that it rounds to
zero or at zero all the weight of all
the way it is toward going back to work
in the week or so you know what it's a
little bit negotiable but we're not
talking a month I don't think it's going
to happen the other thing is that you
can't underestimate the degree to which
people will adapt so if you just imagine
that you say hey go back to work and
everybody acts the same way at work I
don't think that's the case do you I
think there's gonna be a lot of
scrubbing down I think there's got to be
a lot of wearing face masks you know the
social distancing within the business
you know even if you have to go to work
maybe you still make your phone call
instead us be in the same room so you
can't really put any kind of an estimate
of how much the difference that makes
the fact that going back to work is not
really going back to earth the normal
way it's a whole different way
so there's that I don't know what
they're gonna do with travel but let me
let me just throw out some possibilities
it would be easy to imagine that the
hotels would be allowed to maybe have
people and I know half capacity or
something so maybe maybe a half capacity
and then nobody can you know be in the
same space of the lobby or something I
don't know maybe there's a way to to get
there baby only for the younger first
but I think we'll be able to phase
things in and it looks like that's where
it's heading now I would like to suggest
some apps so I told you about project at
95 comm where if you're looking to get
medical equipment or your supplier
that's looking to provide it you can you
can find each other around there so
that's one I told you about the next
door app and if you are over 60 and you
think you might need a little help
somebody picking something up from the
store and groceries or whatever the next
door app will let you look at your
neighborhood and see anybody who signed
up to do that you can see exactly where
they are in the neighborhood just go oh
it's my my neighbor Bob and yeah this is
a 19 year old daughter's home from
college or whatever and so in my
neighborhood there are a few people who
signed up for that and there was
somebody I knew and so I'm I actually
again had some groceries delivered by
somebody who was was a much better
immune system than I do so that's
working well now I don't this is awkward
but I'm gonna put it out there anyway
for some reason this pandemic has
allowed people to say yes it's okay to
be a capitalist so you can be a
capitalist and you can even make money
let's say you're making face masks or
you know you're converted your factory
to make you know hand sanitizer nobody's
telling them they can't make money right
they just can't price couch so in the
spirit
so that apparently that is acceptable
behavior so long as the behavior is good
for the public I will remind you again
that my startup has two apps which are
just by coincidence perfectly suited for
this situation so one of them is called
approach it allows you just to track
track any two or more people on a map
temporarily the same way if you have
food delivered let's say door - your
your app will show the door - coming to
your house well you can use my app for
free it's a free download doesn't cost
you anything to use it the only people
who ever pay or if they want to brand it
put the name on it that's optional and
so anybody who's just wants to be
delivering food to an old person
checking out an old person or just
knowing where each other are just use
the app and the beauty of it is it's a
it's got a timer on it so you set a
whole low on how long you want to watch
each other so you just set it for half
an hour you don't have to worry that
you're you giving away your privacy it's
just just for the transaction and then
it times out so it's called approach and
it's in all the app stores the other one
is called interface that's also in the
app stores it allows you to make a video
call to an expert in anything now
originally months ago we thought this
might be good for doctors but we had a
problem which is to make it really
useful for doctors you need to practice
across state lines because you can't you
couldn't rely on the fact that the one
doctor who was available at that moment
was also in your stage or practice for
your license for your state but because
of the emergency the that restriction
has been dropped at least temporarily
so temporarily the app is ideal for that
so if there's anybody who's let's say
quarantined at home and apparently there
are some medical professionals who are
self quarantined because they had some
exposures so if you wanted to help out
you could set the price to zero
so let me be clear about that nobody has
to charge for anything you can just say
your price to zero it's an emergency if
you just want to help you want to give
advice maybe your resource maybe you
want to find now how to find a buyer for
your mask you know any kind of thing
like that anything that would connect an
expert with somebody who needs it in the
face of the crisis you can use the apps
at your price to zero you don't have to
but you know if you've lost your job and
you have something to add that you think
people would pay for I don't think it's
immoral to charge for your time if you
lost your job
and you're trying to pay the bills so
but make your own decisions about what
is right you can set the price as you
like
so it's called approach for seeing each
other on the map temporarily and
interface to have a video call with with
an expert and and find them whether it
you know I have the beauty is you don't
have to know their contact information
you just find them and set up a call and
the the app does all that for you all
right
what would you use approach for you
would use it if let's say you were a
neighborhood young person and you were
going to deliver groceries for some
elderly people as as I did tonight and I
was added the house take a walk not with
other people taking a walk and it was
handy for me to know when I needed to
get back to the house because I could
see you know in theory she didn't click
on the link but in theory we could have
seen each other and made sure that I was
there when the groceries came which were
left at the doorstep and wash my hands
thoroughly so taking all the precautions
I can all right
um I'm going to see if you get any
questions here on Twitter as I asked
here's the question how many people have
to die of the corona virus before you
will start wearing gloves and makes you
facemasks I don't know I guess that's an
individual choice is April first a good
target for restarting I think we'll know
a whole bunch more in another week
especially about the meds so every
estimate about when things will get
better really depending on getting more
visibility then next week so we're in a
information war and we are just
absorbing information like crazy okay
can I use a bike pump as a ventilator
and then she has some manual ventilators
operated by younger volunteers I don't
know you've seen a whole bunch of people
who have had ventilator inventions i we
did one around where somebody made a
very cheap one because if you get rid of
all the extraneous features the things
that you you might need but you probably
don't and you just make the cheapest
possible ventilator it's only just a few
parts so you just need a little logic
board and and a motor and then you know
the device that goes in that was a
little bit of an oversimplification but
apparently you could bring the price way
down and start cranking them out if you
wanted to will this outbreak make the
national debt a bigger focus in the
future I don't know if anything can make
that if we if the national debt is the
weirdest thing because everybody sure
it's important but they're not sure how
important or when or what you do about
it
so we all just sort of act like act like
it's not important while we all say it's
important it's the weirdest you know
disconnect there because there's nobody
who doesn't think it's important and yet
there's nobody who treats it as it's
important it's a complete opposite of
how we think about it and what we do
alright let's see
how about a phone app that listens for
sneezes and coughs and then warns you
when your phone maybe needs a cleaning
well what about the idea of having your
phone listens for a coughing because
don't you think that the government can
listen to your phone if they want to
would it would it be the worst violation
if you know just just imagine that it's
just a computer that's listening so
there's no human who's you know
listening to your phone it's just a
computer and if the computer hears in
your household through your phone the
sound that it identifies as a cough
maybe a sends you a text message it says
you know hey do you have a cough yeah if
you do check out this link it'll tell
you what to do you could it's not the
craziest idea because remember we're in
we're in total emergency mode and again
no human would be hearing you talk it
would literally just be the computer
listening for the sound of a cough and
that's it it wouldn't be listening for
anything else now of course you don't
trust it because once it's listening it
could do anything but in theory you can
actually build that down right when will
Congress move the stimulus forward you
know I'm I'm almost too amazed to be
angry about the stimulus package are you
having the same the same reaction I am
because you know again it's the the two
movies problem because if you go to CNN
they were trying to stop a corporate
giveaway and they've got a pretty good
point and then you go to Fox News and
the Democrats put in a bunch of silly
pork then nobody would nobody wants to
consider now you know independent of
whether they're good or bad ideas they
have nothing to do with the topic at
hand and so that the Republicans are
like yeah not that so
the fact that our leaders can't make
that happen I mean I feel actually
somewhat insulted by the the things that
were added in so from the Democrats I
feel that you know from the perspective
of the Democrats I literally just feel
insulted because right in front of our
faces as if we're not watching or we
don't care or even if as if it makes
sense or it's the right priority they
just stick a bunch of unrelated things
in the bill and it just kills it now
don't you feel just literally insulted
by that because they're treating us like
garbage basically like we're not even
part we're not the important part of the
equation it's like Oh getting in my
little pet funding thing is the
important part no it's not really not
really I think the important part is the
people so from the Democrats perspective
it's embarrassing and it's just
insulting but I don't think the
Republicans got it right did they
because they had this this big sloppy
bill with not enough controls on it for
what they're gonna do for the big
corporations and I agree that you know
it's a serious seriously you know we
should consider doing things for big
companies if they're employers and and
we can make a profit off it because
remember what the Republican plan if I
understand it correctly is it's not just
giving money to big companies I believe
we take stock can somebody
there's somebody's lighting up my phone
right now
why isn't that dirty enough sorry I got
too many devices in here
they're not all turned off but the
Republicans I don't think you're doing
much better because their bills kind of
sloppy and doesn't seem to have the
right controls it makes people
suspicious that's gonna go to the wrong
place I'm not happy about that I mean I
can't even take sides on this one it
looks like both sides just screwed the
approach am i wrong doesn't it look like
neither side really really did the job
of the American people I can't even pick
sides on this one it just looks like our
ranking competence but it's not even the
normal kind where maybe we don't notice
it or they hide it a little bit if they
were trying to hide it better I'd have a
little bit of respect but neither the
Republicans nor the Democrats seemed to
be hiding the fact that we're not the
top priority am I wrong about that it
does there's there's no pretense anymore
we're just not the top priority I don't
even know what to say about it is it
it's so mind-boggling I don't even know
how to get mad about it because it's I
almost can't believe it I guess they
said it was step one step one is it yeah
and isn't impossible to simplify it just
seems to me like we ought to find a way
to simplify let me say again something I
said earlier but I'll say it better
there are a whole bunch of bills that we
pay that are you can't avoid paying for
example if you if you live you're paying
either rent or mortgage you're paying
some kinds of insurance and you know
energy and phone and stuff so those are
bills that you're not going to ever walk
away from in other words you're never
gonna have a time in your life when you
say you know I don't need electricity
and gas I don't need it so that's not
gonna happen right
so all those companies that charges
every month for either a standard amount
or how much we use they have our names
and they kind of own us because they
know who you are and they know where you
live and they know what your all of them
so here's where I'm going with this
suppose we said that all of those people
who bill you every month from rent to
mortgage to electricity to you know
cable etc that they all just have to
forgive your bills for two months they
just can't collect anything but because
these companies have a hook in you they
know where you are they bill you you
know if you want to have electricity in
California you there's nowhere else
you're gonna go you know if you want to
get it you walk away from your loan well
good luck you can't get another loan if
you're a deadbeat on the other loan so
you've got a little trapped with these
companies and that means that they could
just forgive your costs and tack it on
in the future
in other words PGD the power company
here could say nobody has to pay us for
two months just don't pass but at the
end of two months we know where you are
and even if you move we still we're
still going to connect to you and we'll
just add 10 percent to your bill once
the economy gets going it'll just be a
little little extra it'll be as if we
gave you a loan right so it would be as
if we gave you a loan because you're
gonna pay us back because we got our
hooks at you you know the bank can
always find you the insurance company
can find you your energy company can
find you now the thing the area where
you can't do that where you just have to
give people money is buying goods you
know physical things like a loaf of
bread and a new iPhone for that people
just got to pay and maybe we got to give
them money for that but I can see the
situation where the government just says
all right you just got to suspend
payment you know maybe there's some
means-test where you have to prove
you're out of work maybe you have to
prove that you you've applied for
employ me something like that so people
like me I still pay my bills so PG&E
would still have I don't know 80% of US
revenue could my power companies stay in
business if for two months it only made
80% of its revenue and then it made up
the difference later because it's
stacking it on to catch up well it might
have a shortfall too but yeah then maybe
the government can handle it
so the point is there probably are some
really clever ways to yeah where we need
to get that's all I'm saying the
dangerous virus to everyone not just not
just the people with those incomes yes
did the Golden Age jinx us oh I think
you're gonna be surprised the Golden Age
apparently had a third act and we're in
it this is the third act this is the
problem that looks unsolvable but until
you do that's what makes it a good movie
there's no doubt we're gonna we're gonna
get on the other side of this and we're
gonna do it without destroying the
economy III will rest my entire
reputation on the following prediction
we're not gonna wreck the economy and
the reason you could be sure of it
is that wrecking the economy would
definitely be worse than even the number
of people that would get the coronavirus
I mean everybody sort of agrees with
that we're gonna know when we've gone
too far you know not exactly but we're
gonna know we're in the range of uh we
this is as far as we can go so don't
worry that the shutdown lasts forever
all the way to destruction no chance no
chance there's that there's actually no
chance of that at all it will last until
it's painful because the more pain that
we can reasonably take the better shape
we're going to be if there's some magic
zone where we've taken a little bit of
pain and the economy has taken a pretty
big hit but not an
that we can't climb out of in a year so
there's we're entering the Goldilocks
zone now the the the area in which well
that's as good as we can do for
protecting people and also protect the
economy it's it's in the next you know
maybe the week after this you're really
into the crossover zone I think and you
also have to read the room right you
know it doesn't matter what the
government wants the public to do if if
the government loses our trust people
are going to just do whatever the hell
they want and there's not enough
government in the world that will stop
them
so they need the people to think that
what they're doing is reasonable and
they see the same thing we do they see
the the amount of pain and suffering
that this coming week is going to have
so don't let anybody kid you this coming
week it's gonna be rough you know a lot
of different ways but it is the week
that we will complete our weapons I
believe or be close to it we'll know
what works and what doesn't we'll have
much better visibility and then we go on
offense because of this war so far we
have cleverly done a strategic retreat
to our homes we've divided so that we
can conquer we have built our weapons
factories they're going up all over the
place we've tested our weapons testing
them this week we're loading up we are
we're stocking up our ammo you know big
shipments of these drugs just in case
coming our way and we're just about
ready to go to war we need test kits we
need soldiers we need tents and they're
coming it's all coming so you don't have
to wonder how it ends you can you can
wonder when it ends that's the right
question but it ends with us winning and
getting back to where we were and better
so this is the third act but like every
other third act like every other third
act it will be solved
so I'm quite proud of the country I'm
quite disappointed with Congress at the
moment but I think that the force of
public opinion will force them to give
something done pretty quickly all right
that's all I got for now and I will talk
to you later