hey everybody come on in this is your
source for the least gloomy opinions on
the corona virus that you will ever see
oh it's bad it's plenty bad and it's
gonna be bad for a little while but
there is also reason for optimism and
hope and we can find a little way to
feel good no matter what's happening
because that's who we are that's how we
roll there may be bad things in the
world but that doesn't mean you have to
feel bad not all the time not until you
absolutely have to and for most of us we
don't absolutely have to yet and one of
the ways to make things better is with
the simultaneous it but it doesn't take
much all you need is a cup or a margaret
glass of tank or challenger stein the
canteen trigger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me down for the
unparalleled pleasure that dopamine the
end of the day the the thing that makes
everything including a pandemic better
it's called the simultaneous it and it's
happening right now
go yeah you know everything's better
it's weird you know you think it's not
gonna work then you take the sip and
everything's a little bit better I mean
not 80% better but you know you can feel
it 1 2 percent I think you could feel
let's let's talk about all the things
there are many things and we will talk
about them number one I continue to get
messages from people in all manner of
ways asking how to connect with
potential buyers in some cases they have
sources of masks and other protective
equipment so I'll tell you at the top of
this the the website to go to is a
project and 95
now that's ad 95 as in the masks that
are in 95 types but it's not just masks
so it's other protective stuff is in
there and they are collecting people who
have stuff to offer to sell and sources
with buyers I don't I don't have any
opinion of how well it works or anything
like that I haven't used it but that's
the government's preferred website for
that stuff hilariously people sent me
two articles today one was an article
from the New York Times talking about
all the Chinese and Russian
disinformation so apparently the
Russians and the Chinese have decided
that in the middle of a pandemic this
would be the good time to start damaging
rumors for the United States tea couple
it's time to decouple and Russia if we
can decouple from your asses let's do
that too because it seems that you were
a Millian actor I like using that word
when you hear people on TV saying I
think there are a malign actor and every
time I hear that I say is that even the
right word are they maligning are they
malign a bowl are they some of whom
aligned is a right to say they're
maligned actors why is that sound wrong
that's what I say every time we hear
that then I said I'm going to say that
in public and see what happens but I
digress so I'm reading the stories in
the New York Times talking about all the
Chinese disinformation and Russian
disinformation and then it looks like
the Russians might be laying a little
bit low because they don't want to start
any rumors that once once the pandemic
is worse for them they don't want to
start any rumors in the world that would
blow back on them and then their own
citizens would think it was true so
they're being a little careful now who
knows if you read the New York Times
article about what Russian spies are
thinking can you really believe that
yes the New York Times is accurately
reporting the internal thoughts of spies
Russian spies who are by proof
fashion liars by profession and the New
York Times is reporting it like yeah we
know what they're thinking
yeah the Russians decided to hold off a
little bit what how could you possibly
know that you couldn't possibly know
that that is the fakest of ridiculous
fake booze I've ever read
oh no it's not there's more so the
Chinese disinformation seems well
established because the actual diplomats
were doing it and they were doing it in
public
you know the diplomats were saying well
yeah I think it's some American service
person who brought us that virus it
wasn't so so while I'm reading the New
York Times report about all these
Chinese and other disinformation than
somebody else said via Politico report
saying that the the so-called Trump
pills
the hydroxychloroquine probably doesn't
work
okay so Politico is reporting it
probably doesn't work and one of the
main pieces of information in it was
from a Chinese use of University who
said in their small test it looked like
it didn't work but you know it does work
it's a weird coincidence but the Chinese
University I this I don't what are the
odds of this really but quite a
coincidence that the stuff that's widely
available and practically free because
it's so inexpensive that that stuff
doesn't work but the things that are
expensive and only made in China a
couple other drugs show a lot of promise
according to the Chinese study now in my
opinion that just looks like Chinese
disinformation
but Politico reports it like it's a fact
without without questioning it in the
context of but of course everything
China tells us is false but we're not
going to mention that in the context of
this one very important piece of
information which could be
transformative in terms of you know how
we treat the virus transformative either
way transformative that these pills
don't work at all or transformative that
they do there's one of the biggest
questions of the world
and they report it and of a Chinese
source which obviously is government
controlled it's a it's a university in
China without the context that we're
receiving a blizzard of disinformation
and we know it we're not guessing and we
see it it's in public their diplomats
are actually saying it right in public
so Politico what's going on here what's
going on is is the Politico article
actually for a disinformation now I'm
not going to make an accusation that the
that the publication or that the writer
of it was knowingly you know accepting
money from a Chinese source nothing like
that I'm not making that kind of
observation I'm just saying that as an
objective reader it reads exactly like
it was written by China now that could
be a coincidence but but we're in an
environment where you really can't trust
any publication in the press you can't
trust anyone you can't trust anything
our government says and you can't trust
anything anybody and the other
government says I don't even think you
can trust doctors at this point as you
know at least completely I'm still gonna
trust doctors more than I trust anybody
else all things being equal but I'm
gonna you know I'm gonna favor local
doctors right you know doctors in the
United States I'm gonna say well yeah of
all of everybody we're talking about
let's say this if you were to rank the
credibility of all of the players on the
stage right now I would say American
doctors would be top every politician
would be just ridiculous at this point
doesn't matter what country you're
talking about and all the foreign
sources what be they scientists or
governments or diplomats are completely
non credible just completely so there's
some kind of let's talk about the
hydroxyl chloroquine so the the set up
that the anti-trump press is trying to
establish is the Trump is over selling
this thing and he's too enthusiastic
despite the fact
that every single time he mentions that
he says we don't know if it's going to
work I mean every time he says that and
how more accurate could you be what
could be more accurate than I have a
good feeling about it it's not
scientifically demonstrated in in the
scientific ways it might work it might
not but I feel good about it I don't
feel that's inaccurate but you know you
can always question whether the optimism
is getting ahead of the reality but his
job unlike you know unlike maybe your
job the president's job is also managing
our psychology so if the president gave
us some false hope let's just say
hypothetically hypothetically if the
president gave us a little bit of false
hope on this one thing but we still come
out okay after the fact you know let's
let's say some other technologies and
I'll talk about that let's say testing
or blood serum or something else ended
up being the thing that saves us at the
end of this five years later when you
look back will you say that the
president had made a big mistake by
suggesting that the hydroxychloroquine
he was enthusiastic about while also
saying it might or might not work and
it's we don't have a definitive test
would that be wrong I actually don't
know the answer to that question because
if it made us feel better even if it
were at inaccurate but we also got to a
good result isn't the best world that
you feel confident and you get a good
result because then you're feeling
better and then you're also getting a
good outcome now suppose that you give
us false hope and then we you know made
gigantic decisions based on it I don't
think that's going to happen because I
think the whole point of waiting a few
weeks is that we're pretty sure we'll
have better visibility on this drug and
other options so I don't think there's
an option of getting it wrong in other
words making a big go back to work
decision before dr. Falchi says yeah I
think that's a good idea
and I don't see that happening if it did
I'd have some big questions but I think
well now in a few weeks if this is a
good bat or not yeah and we'll go with
it so don't believe anybody and I'll
tell you that my head was just shaking
what I was reading Politico because it
did read like I'm not accusing them I'm
just saying that it read to my my eyes
and my mind like the Chinese government
wrote it I swear to god it just read
like that but I'm not saying they did
all right
um we're here are things to not believe
so given this blizzard of disinformation
the following things you should not
believe number one anonymous reports
from hospitals or hospital staff I would
believe at least you know I would still
put it in context but if it's person who
names himself and names the place and
then tells you something about it that
might be pretty reasonable but even
online you can see the icy exchanges of
people chatting on Twitter where
somebody will say my my brother's cousin
reports that this hospital is in deep
trouble and then somebody else will say
I got a friend there he says just the
opposite there's you know they're
they're impacted but they're fine so all
the anecdotal reports are completely non
credible and I suspect some number these
are actually foreign disinformation you
know you have you have to assume well
let me put it this way if you were China
or Russia and your water the United
States to have all the wrong information
so we get a bad result wouldn't you
promote anecdotal stories of one
unsourced person who said my hospital is
crashing you are right so I feel like
that would be that the most obvious
thing a foreign entity would do is to
send an anecdote that doesn't have good
sourcing around and trying to promote it
so I wouldn't believe that any of the
anecdotes and the other story that I
think you should
great skepticism about but could be true
so remember when I tell you to doubt his
story that doesn't mean it's not true
there just means you can't believe it's
true it doesn't have the requisite
credibility about it which you should
have just accepted as an uncritical fact
it doesn't have that so the other
category is the younger persons who die
from the coronavirus which is not to say
that young people not dying I would
assume that it's happening
I assume young people are also dying
somewhere in the world and some rate but
any individual story you see about that
I wouldn't trust it at all for the
obvious reason than it's anecdotal it's
not any kind of a scientific study but
more to the point it's too easy to fake
and it's exactly what somebody would
fake so and it's also too easy to be
wrong because if somebody has an
unexpected you know death and also has
the coronavirus you know how is that
going to be reported well unexpected
death of course I didn't do an autopsy
nobody's doing autopsies so I don't
really know it was a coronavirus versus
underlying heart condition but I'm gonna
report it as a corona virus because yeah
this guy's 45 got the corona virus
suffered greatly from the symptoms died
what's the cause of death well might be
underlying conditions but nobody's going
to do an autopsy especially on young
people so don't believe any anecdotes
about it they're scary and they might be
true but don't believe them so there's
some and again here's some more stuff
that's you shouldn't totally believe but
it looks promising Rishi you what era
reports very preliminary studies of five
critically ill patients who tried the
blood serum approached the convalescent
I'm sorry the cons less of the plasma
approach which is you take the
antibodies from recovery people and
stick them into sick people the end of
the five critically ill on
ventilators they remember you've seen
other reporting that I also don't
believe that once you get on the
ventilator you're basically dead
you know it'll keep you alive for a
little while basically there's no coming
back haven't you all seen those stories
so the story is to suggest it wouldn't
matter how many ventilators you had
because once you're on there it's
basically just a fast path to dying
anyway I don't believe it
I just don't believe those stories and
I've seen a lot but here's some counter
counter evidence which is also not
credible as as everything we're hearing
is not credible but says of 405 people
who are on ventilators basically
stabilized it went home and it says all
five stabilized but three are at home
and need an RCT Audra was on a
respirator or some sort so at least in
the very small anecdotal sense we're
seeing this convalescent plasma having
an effect not scientifically
demonstrated but because we have past
experience with this technique and it's
being used in a way that's sufficiently
similar to ways that's been used
successfully in the past you know with
you you would expect that it would have
great potential now here's the thing how
much of this blood can you get how many
people have recovered and do you have
access to them well that's what the
that's what Ian was helping us with with
the visualization I've talked about
before but I saw this little piece in
the in an article about it that said
this that made me feel very happy if
it's true
again again if it's true literally
everything I say today you should just
append in your mind if it's true
biggest true and it says that antibodies
can be replicated in large quantities
whoa here's a one sentence that might be
the most important sentence you've ever
heard in your life might be probably not
right because I
things that probably not world right now
you are all guessing the world is good
but listen to this sentence given that
we know there's high high medical
confidence that we'll get at least some
good outcome from the convalescent
plasma but the limitation of course is
finding enough people who have recovered
who are willing to give their blood and
how long does that take and how do you
get at the right places right those are
the questions you ask and then there's
this one sentence antibodies can be
replicated in large quantities which
means you only need it from one person
all you need is one person who's got
some good antibodies and if I'm reading
this correctly I don't know enough of
the science to know if this is a you
know just a straight fact or optimism
but some sciency person said antibodies
can be replicated in large quantities
are can we just whip up barrels of this
stuff by replicating it from one
original source somebody says that seems
wrong I'm saying a gas I'm seeing
definition of recovered I'm just looking
at your comments so let me let me say
big if true you know the old joke it's
big if it's true if that's true that
looks really promising doesn't it really
promising there's some other promising
things coming to let's say a rag on let
me rag on and see it in a little bit
more so this is how CNN is fact-checking
the president and they have a trick that
they're using over and over again and
once you start seeing it you'll just see
it everywhere and the trick goes like
this
the president will say the sky is blue
whatever
just whatever fact and see an annual
report that the president said the sky
is red and here's why that's wrong and
you'll say to yourself oh wait a minute
that doesn't even have anything to do
with the president said I just saw the
president's statement that your
fact-checking and then I read your fact
check but they're not even the same
topic
what's going on here and the reason it
works is because you read it quickly and
if you read it quickly it looks like
they fact-checked them but they're not
even on the same point let me give it
now I know that sounds like an
exaggeration right it doesn't sound like
an exaggeration Oh like how could they
do something so blatantly say president
says the sky is blue and then quote him
quote him saying the sky is blue and
then the next sentence say the president
says the sky is red and it's not true
now you don't think that's real right
you think I'm exaggerating well let me
read you the exact quote from the fact
check on CNN and you tell me if my
example was an alive ok so here's here's
what the president said and then I'll
tell you what the fact checkers as CNN
said so they said of the president first
of all multiple times throughout
Friday's press briefing the president
claims the current situation was
unprecedented and unforeseen does that
does that true is this situation
unprecedented well yeah right we have
literally never been in this situation
so they're saying he claims it was
unprecedented but is that does that even
slightly untrue that where we are is
unprecedented
are you really fact-checking that then
the next word was unforeseen all right
so okay so now we're into a stronger
point was it unforeseen because that's
something you can really fact check
right so but keep in mind that
unprecedented and unforeseen our CNN's
own words if you're gonna fact jack
you have to fact-check the president's
words so don't be fooled by CNN putting
their own interpretation on his words
and then fact-checking their
interpretation because that's a normal
trick so then they go on they say
according to trump and here's the actual
quote nobody was prepared for this is at
the end of the sentence
right now is it true that quote nobody
was prepared for this yeah yeah that's
true
there's no country that was prepared for
this that's that's just the fact isn't
it we were not prepared China was not
prepared at least not prepared enough so
that's just true nobody was prepared for
this not even past presidents he added
here's the quote in all fairness to all
former presidents none of them ever
thought a thing like this could happen
all right
so the claim is that he understands the
inner thoughts of former presidents now
you know that I always say nobody can
read anybody in these minds so you're
always just inferring and imagining what
other people are thinking but would it
be fair to say of all the former
presidents that none of them not one of
them ever thought a thing like this
could happen well we don't know what
they thought but we do know what they
did did any of the former presidents act
in a way that would suggest they thought
a thing like this could happen I don't
think so because if Obama had acted in a
way that he thought this a thing like
this could happen
wouldn't we be ready what does it mean
what would it mean if if Obama did think
a thing like this could happen and then
he didn't do anything about it so I've
made this point before that you know if
you say you believe that a truck is
coming down the road if you're willing
to walk in front of it anyway did you
really believe it you know do you
believe a truck is coming at you if you
walk right in front of it that's the
opposite of believing a truck is coming
at you assuming you want to live if you
believe a truck is coming at you you get
out of the road did we see Obama get out
of the road when he saw the truck coming
out of the truck of this case being a
pandemic they he certainly could have
seen things well apparently he wasn't
prepared it's not like the president
dismantled Obama's preparation or let's
be non-political it's not like oh boy
dismantled Bush's preparation because
there wasn't any or Clinton's or the
other Bush nobody was prepared of
presidents alright here's the key thing
alright so here's the so the president
President Trump makes a statement about
former presidents and what they believed
based on what they did which is nothing
he could be right he could be wrong but
it's sort of in the FairPoint category
that if they didn't act on it it's hard
to conclude that they believed it right
that's a fair point
even though you don't know their
internal thoughts all right so so
Trump's entire quote the CNN is
fact-checking his statements about what
past presidents knew that's the topic
what did past presidents know and
believe here's the fact check this is
false says CNN and then it says here's
why the US intelligence community what
what that's a different topic and public
health experts had warned for years that
the country was at risk from a pandemic
experts had also warned that we could
face shortages and critical medical
shortages etc now is that fact check
even related to the president's
statement because the president said
that the former presidents didn't think
he could happen and that's based on an
observable objective fact that they did
not prepare for it now we don't know
what they thought what we do know they
didn't prepare so that's what Trump was
talking about and then the fact checkers
talked about the US intelligence
community and the public health experts
well they're fact is true but it's not
even the same topic it looks like the
same intelligence community and public
experts have been warning president
after president after president and
nobody acted on it not Trump not Obama
not Bush not Clinton nobody acted on it
so what the president said is none of
these presidents act
which you infer therefore they didn't
think it was really a risk they needed
to deal with but at the same time it
could be perfectly true that the that
members of maybe not every one of them
but members of the intelligence
community and health health community
had been saying it's a big problem they
can both be true this fact check is so
freakin false it's offensive
all right let's evaluate the president's
performance lately in his in his press
conferences about the corona virus I'm
not I'm not happy with it being honest
you know the president goes out there
and there's a lot to like about it I
like the fact that he does it I like the
fact that he he looks you know very
literally and you know I think he's
doing the the presidential thing well in
general I think the president need the
the public needs to hear from him I like
the fact that he chews up lots of time
there because the more you see your
leader talking about it and the you know
just makes you feel a little more
confident the more they communicate with
you so there's there's a whole bunch I
like about it but I think the president
he just has this impulse you know I
can't I don't know what's his inner
thoughts are but he seems to be drawn
toward spending a little bit too much
time freelancing on the facts if if I
can say that he's freelancing on the
facts which makes it too easy for the
anti-trump staff to do these sometimes
real and as in this obvious example
completely fake the fact-checking and I
think it just erodes people's confidence
in their leader in a way that isn't
necessary so I think I'd like to see you
know as much or more of Trump being a
leader and talking about things but yeah
he just needs a little bit more control
on making factual statements about
anything medical you know
on one hand I'd like to hear him
wrestling with the medical stuff because
in so doing he you know he informs us
that he's heard all the arguments and
they you know he's he's getting he's
getting a view of the full field so
that's good so I like knowing he can
speak to the the facts in a lot of
different ways and you know it's clear
that he's well informed but his
propensity to just put his own little
optimistic spin on things just doesn't
work in this this context and we can't
pretend it does I can't say it bothers
me but if it's bothering other people
maybe we can tighten that up a little
bit hey let's see I had a question about
Mike Pence and this is more of a
question because it looks like there's a
problem here but I don't have all the
facts it's real easy to be you know
sitting on the sidelines and judging the
players but the players have more
information than you do so sometimes
that's hard this is one of those cases
so I'm going to unconfident Lee
criticized pence because I don't have
enough information to know I'm right
about this but enough to be alarmed and
it says I think yesterday he said that
they were going to work hard to contact
the hospitals and and collect more
detailed information about what what
supplies they have you know what they're
short of and what's in the pipeline
basically all the things I've been
asking for and all of us have been
asking for because it's such a big
question and he said that they they had
begun a fairly big project to contact
all the hospitals and I thought to
myself I got two problems with that
number one it sounds like it just
started which feels like something that
should have been a week ago now I'm
gonna I'm gonna die on the following
Hill if we're criticizing people in in a
big ol fog of war emergency for not
doing the right thing soon enough it's
just the weakest most useless criticism
because everything should have been done
sooner all the time all the good stuff
so it's just great hindsight to say you
should have done this earlier so it
could be true
that it should have been done earlier
but I just don't feel that these are
these should be criticisms that were
really you know laying on people because
people are doing the best they can and
it's just a tough situation and people
are gonna be late on some stuff and you
know making bad guesses and I think we
just have to forgive that if they're
well-intentioned that are qualified you
know they're trying they're putting
energy into it they're adjusting that's
all I asked for anyway so with all that
context which was too much here's what
if feels like pen said have done which
is there should already be a website
where all the hospitals can self-report
and pens could have said here's the name
of the website and all you hospitals
because I every single hospital is
watching the press conference right
there's no such thing as a hospital
where the administration is not paying
attention to what pence is doing so
pence could just say here's our website
we're not going to go ask you what you
got just go to this website and fill in
what you got why you need
wouldn't that be faster because the
first thing it was happened is that the
hospitals who maybe were not in dire
need maybe wouldn't go to the website
and they also wouldn't matter so they
would just be out of the process but the
people who did have a dire need are far
more likely to say oh you know we're in
dire need we'll do everything we'll take
all phone calls will check everything
we'll go to that website and then all
the people our suppliers would be able
to find them so and then also the public
would have some reporting so we know
which areas need stuff and the
government could move things around for
them Stockwell's etc so I guess the
question is why are we starting now to
collect the most valuable information
that we could ever have except for who's
infected I guess and and why do we do it
this way it feels like the hard way now
it could be that there are only since I
don't know much about this so I'm not
going to say this is a criticism it's
more of a question
it could be the thoroughly I don't know
25 hospitals that are the ones that
really make a difference so maybe you
just call 25 hospitals and it's you know
half a day and you're really getting
direct good information from somebody
who's tries to lie to you but you nail
them down yeah so it's entirely possible
the Pence's process is exactly what they
should do if it's a small number of
hospitals so it's just a question let's
say I I put this thought experiment on
Twitter to see what people would say and
it goes like this so I'll give it to you
let's say you've got a world-class
doctors and you've got world-class
economists and they're there working
together as a team to decide when to
open the economy you know back up and
send people back to work etc and have it
how to deal with a whole pandemic
basically who would you believe like
whose advice should you take if they
disagree let's say the Economist listen
to the doctors and then the economists
say it let's go this direction whatever
that is we'll go this direction and say
the doctors listen to The Economist and
the doctors say we should go this
direction which of the two because they
have different way let's say both groups
are you not unanimous all the economists
are on one side all the doctors are
another and they've looked at the same
data they've looked at the same data who
do you believe now I got lots of
opinions and of course everybody tried
to cheat on the question human nature so
everybody tries to cheat and they're
like well the doctor is smarter than the
economist no that's not the question
thank you no yeah just stick with the
question if they're equally smart and
then they both looked into it you know
who do you trust
here's my opinion I'm not very confident
in this opinion but I'll put it out
there for you to wrestle with I believe
that it is easier for a doctor to
explain everything that needs to be
known to an economist than it is for an
economist to explain everything that
needs to be understood
to a doctor and I would base my decision
on that because remember in my in my
thought experiment all the economists
and the doctors are well-intentioned and
equally brilliant and accomplished right
so there's no difference in their
quality of the human just different
domains that they've specialized in and
I can be talked out of this opinion but
here's my feeling and here's another
thought experiment if you say to a
doctor a medical professional who has
worked their entire life to keep people
alive you know one on one I mean really
personal life and death stuff and that's
their life it's a commitment
it's that do no harm it's the oath and
it's just baked in and you're a doctor
and then you have this proposition
here's the proposition if you open the
economy quickly there will be a whole
bunch of people dying fairly soon and
will have their names this is the
important part the people who die from
from the coronavirus will know their
names will see their stories will see
their faces so these are the people you
know conceptually these people are going
to die and we'll know exactly who they
were roughly compared to if we let's say
we open up the economy whatever
prematurely looks like it's just
premature we open up the economy and
then the economists say I guarantee you
that you know or let's say we keep the
economy closed and the economist says I
can't give you the names of people who
died but given this level of economic
dislocation this level of unemployment
I think 20,000 people will die but we'll
never know which ones they were or why
because it'll just be sort of lost in
the bigger picture but but if they died
of the corona virus we'll know their
names their faces we'll hear from their
families it'll be real now you're a
doctor and you've lived your whole life
doing person-to-person saving lives and
helping people which one are you bias
toward are you biased toward exciting
the 10,000 people who have
games and faces and real stories or are
you biased toward let's say just to make
it interesting let's say the economist
had a pretty good case that you know if
you lock everything down 20,000 people
will die let's say twice as many but you
won't ever know their names which way
this is dr. Gao
well if human nature
I gotta plug this in before I lose you
if you if human nature is the way I
imagined it to be the doctor should be
strongly biased towards saving 10,000
compared to a conceptual opinion from an
economist that you don't really know if
they're right or wrong but it looks like
it could be 20,000 but we'll never know
their names which way do you go I think
the doctor goes for the ten thousands
who have names intermediate and you can
really identify them and you know that
you killed them or didn't order to help
them I think so here's the thing I
believe a doctor a good doctor can
summarize everything they know into a
little package that an economist could
look at and say okay I'll take your
little package I'll incorporate it with
my vast knowledge of understanding how
all the parts of the economy are
connected because let's face it well let
me give you a concrete example let's say
the doctor comes and says we have three
treatments two of them look like they
have really good possibilities and it
might save 60% of the people but we
think that this many people will get
infected and here's the risk and here's
the downside of the the meds I think a
doctor could tell the full doctor story
if it was the right doctor and they
communicate well and put it in a little
package then an economist wouldn't know
all the background of it but would have
everything they needed from the doctor
and of course keeping working with the
doctor to know that they understood the
little package that the doctor presented
to them to plug into the bigger package
of the economy I don't believe there's
any situation in which an economist
could do the reverse which has put
everything they know into a little
package and say okay doctor here's
everything we know about economics take
your vast knowledge of
the situation and plug my economic
module into your database I don't think
that can be done as evidence of that
there are so many different economic
plans different by people who have at
least a little bit of knowledge of this
stuff let me let me give you some so we
so the so Congress passed you know
whatever that care relief package is and
it's got a whole bunch of details of
things we're doing and all the pundits
are coming in and saying hey this part's
bad and this parts that giveaway the
sports charity and this part is unfair
are they right well maybe a little bit
right but compare a few different
approaches so Steve Cortes writing today
so you could go see his suggestion and
you should follow Steve Cortes anyway
because he's a great voice and all this
stuff so it's Cortes COR tes I believe
and it's so he talked about an idea for
suspending taxes on the middle class so
if you're middle-class whatever that
cutoff is that you would just not have
to pay taxes for a while now Steve of
course has a background and you know
business and and this very field so when
he has an opinion yeah more inclined to
take it seriously than somebody who was
a you know a musician for example but
even I with you know I got a degree in
economics and an MBA and I don't know if
that's a good idea
I can't tell is that a good idea because
my immediate thought was well that'd be
good for people with paychecks but what
about self-employed people who were in
the same income there's no taxes to save
right they're not saving anything
because they're not making anything so
they weren't paying any taxes for three
months so you have that fairness thing
and do you get everybody here's another
one so joe biden suggests three months
of rent forgiveness is that a good idea
I don't know I mean and again I have a
pretty good background in this stuff and
I don't know I really don't my own idea
went like this there for three months
nobody would pay
for for nobody would pay rent nobody
would pay mortgage and nobody would pay
any of the like the big three of you
know energy
well maybe big four or five and nobody
would pay like the the monthly bills of
you know energy and come your I know
your Wi-Fi you're following or whatever
and that what I would do is at the end
of three months everything would just
turn back on for rent and mortgage you
just start paying after three months so
the banks would still get you know all
their money except for the three months
they missed but they still get it all it
would just be deferred three months
so all they misses the interest for the
three months and and the and they're
thinking is this the anybody who is a
landlord is probably but not necessarily
in better shape than the renters meaning
that if the landlord is the one who gets
it in the neck you're probably better
off societally on average even though
not every case than the individual
renters you know getting screwed for
three months right you know so if you're
trying to say well what's a little bit
better a little bit better is screwing
the landlords not the tenants what are
the landlord's really screwed because
remember they'll still get you know the
money turns back on in three months and
they'll be back in business
if you're rich enough to be a landlord
can you handle three months of no income
well you probably can if you're not
paying the mortgage because remember the
landlord might have a mortgage too and
they don't have to pay it so imagine
you're a landlord you stop getting rent
but your health care your health care
continues your you know your power your
electricity and you don't pay for them
could you give could you get by maybe so
yeah real estate taxes might have to be
suspended etc so again I can't evaluate
these plans because there are too many
moving parts and you know you'd really
have to dig deeply and it would take you
know a PhD thesis to tease out any
knowledge about anything
but here was the simplest plan I heard
this is somebody else's plan give $3,000
to everybody regardless of anything and
then for those who had a good year a
year from now you know people who still
made money and we're still rich despite
all of this they would just have to give
it back at tax time so there would be a
hundred percent you know pay back of the
$3,000 but only if he had a good year if
you were rich last year but you lost
everything this year you still give you
a three thousand and then at the end
when you go pay taxes if you still made
up if you made up the difference and
more well maybe you give it back but if
you just got killed this year and didn't
make any money well then you don't so
what could be fairer or faster than just
blazing a bunch of money out to every
single pocket and then say okay if
you're rich you didn't deserve it it's
like a three month or several month free
loan but what's a free loan worth when
interest rates are zero not much so you
would be giving some rich people free
loans for three months but how much does
a rich person care about a few months of
not paying interest on three thousand
dollars it's it's irrelevant it's
completely irrelevant to a rich person
so the rich people would just say oh
that's a check I didn't need and at tax
time that they'd say okay accountant you
you're gonna have to give that back
wouldn't that work I'd like to see
somebody who's smarter than me and
that's a lot of people on this topic
especially evaluate my plan of just we
just all everybody just stops paying
rent and mortgage it doesn't matter what
your what your income bracket is for
three months just everybody stops and
then and then the things I don't know if
I said this but I'll say it again the
things like your energy bill you would
have to pay them back
but they would just translate it into a
loan in other words after the three
months is up they charge you what what
you owe for the new month but a little
you know five percent on top of it
to make up eventually for the three
months so you can just turn all of your
monthly bills into effectively alone I
feels like that would be something right
how afraid would you be for the next
three months let me just put this out
here and you can tell me in the comments
how worried would you be for your own
safety and you know getting through this
if you knew you didn't have to pay for
any of your main bills for three months
you didn't have to pay for any of them
and you got you know a thousand dollars
a person per month or whatever for food
basically food is all you need to buy
right because almost everything else is
sort of being pushed off nobody's taking
a vacation nobody's you're not even
buying school supplies basically all of
your expenses went to practically
nothing you're just watching television
stay at home a little bit of an
exaggeration but you know what I mean
here's a one of the most interesting
things I've seen
so a congressman was contacted by a
doctor who who in collaboration with the
University and by the way this is just
something I know from because I know
that the people involved who have seen
this letter it's this is not news or
anything but probably should be so
there's a doctor I won't name names but
there's a congressman who got it
contacted by dr. who in collaboration
with the University of South Florida has
figured out how to use something called
a Raman spectrometer and I want to spell
that because if anybody's listening and
they're familiar with this equipment
this is kind of important so it's a
Ramen spectrometer RA M as in Mary a and
as a neighbor Raymond normally used for
whatever this is B and C panels and
laboratories right so it's an existing
device it already is what apparently
widely used in laboratories and and this
doctor has modified it to identify the
kovin 19 in saliva or other biological
samples
the claim is that it would provide a
result in five minutes no chemistry
needed just dispose of the sample when
it's done five minutes no chemistry
throw the sample away when you're done
and all he asks is a thousand saliva
samples so he can test the system now
does this device work and is it the
answer to everything well if you're a
betting person I think the president
said this about about hydrochloric Li if
you're looking at any one thing you
should bet against it
right but we have you know a growing
portfolio of things that I definitely
wouldn't bet against every one of them
and it would only take a few of them to
really move the curve here so this is
one of them so I'll just tell you that
there if anybody knows how to get
somebody a thousand saliva samples you
know tweet at me and maybe maybe I can I
can connect them but think about the
potential of this and this just comes
out of nowhere like who was it you know
which one of us was thinking you know
there are probably some devices that are
already widespread that can be modified
to make five-minute tests for Kove in
1900 who thought that was coming right
who predicted that except that we can
all predict that human ingenuity would
just be you know just ramped up like
crazy like we've never seen I think
that's what we're seeing so I'll just
put that out there as just one more
thing that looks positive here are the
other positive things there was it Abbot
I think Abbott the laboratory now has a
device a tabletop device that can get
your testing down to under 15 minutes so
you can find out before you go home
amazing how quickly can they make these
things well they're already in
production so and apparently a lot of
them the blood serum thing shows promise
as I mentioned and then the Trump bills
will the Hydra let's talk about how
likely it is that the Trump pills which
is what I call the hydroxy cleric
as if through Mason's ink when when
given together how likely is it that
they will work let us update our
opinions the worst people in the world
are going around this week and
misinterpreting what other people said
to blame them for being wrong in the
past if you're doing that you're just
the worst person in the world you're
useless you don't understand what an
emergency is you don't understand your
role in it it's not that right so let me
evolve and clarify my opinions about the
potential of the Trump pills that
hydroxychloroquine in particular it goes
like this there is no credible
scientific evidence that it works
all right if you've said that I think
you're on the same side as every smarter
scientists in the world there is no
credible you know controlled study that
says it works now there are studies that
st. work and in China the one
disinformation probably study says it
doesn't work but none of them are quite
the quality and the credibility that
would make me say oh yeah that looks
pretty good
we're not there and I would say you
should not believe any any smallish
tests coming out of another country
we're in such massive massive state of
fraud and disinformation that if you
hear that elbonia
had a 40-person study all 40 of them are
playing professional basketball two days
later just don't believe it which
doesn't mean it's not true yeah so the
French studies in particular is what I'm
referring to so there are studies but
you should really really put your
maximum skepticism on every study right
now but here there's some things we know
that can help you make a decision even
without certainty what we know is that
in this country doctors are almost
uniformly at least everyone I've heard
from is
they're prescribing hydroxychloroquine
or they're taking it prophylactically
because they're working on the front
lines
now just because basically every doctor
that we've heard from as excellence the
drug is taking it does that mean it
works no it doesn't but it does mean
that all the people who are smarter than
us all the doctors have looked at what
they can look at they've you know
they've surveyed the landscape talked to
the other doctors and made a judgment
and their judgment is well downside
isn't that big but what if it works you
know maybe it works so the fact that
they're all using it is not proof now
what about the fact that basically every
country that can be horrid this drug is
because that's the case
India's stopped export you know I think
most countries are trying to hold their
own supply close what does that tell you
well it tells you at least at the
government level after the benefit of
all the evidence
albian on scientific much of it
anecdotal
a lot of it from the China experience
etc that all of the government's think
it's important enough to protect it and
I don't think they're just doing it
because they don't want to run out of
rheumatoid arthritis or malaria drugs
because that you know those are the
other uses there's some other other use
too lupus i think and i don't think that
they're hoarding it and protecting it
just because of lupus and arthritis
people who need it it looks like there's
a fairly widespread opinion of the
people most qualified to make this
decision that they think there's at
least enough here to hoard it and then
what about the anecdotal reports so in
my case I know somebody who was in
really bad shape
who got the drug and within 24 hours it
was was obviously better now I don't be
an all better
I mean you know something like 20-30
percent better the next day and that it
continued and you know then the full
recovery so but that's anecdotal and
there are lots of other people who have
the story of you know this grandmother
did this
she was on death's door and you know she
took the pills and now she's fine but
you can't really believe all the
anecdotal stuff what you can look at is
that all the anecdotal stuff is in the
same direction so with the exception of
and fact check me on this I believe
there is one strong piece of evidence
against the Hydra hydroxychloroquine and
that's the disinformation study from
China so you just don't count that one
but all of the anecdotal information I
think is positive and and and the dog
that isn't barking is that what do we
not know by now would we not have also
anecdotal reports of let's say a doctor
in New Jersey I'm just making this up
but 1/3 net bite now be a doctor in New
Jersey who had treated 10 people with
that drug and three of them died or it
didn't make any difference or he didn't
notice anything that was you know look
like a recovery wouldn't we have some
reports of it not working Inuk notably
the only report of it not working is the
one we know we can't trust I think
that's what's I think that's what
doctors are doing that plus the fact
that the you know for a short term use
the the downside is low if it works it
might save your life and lots of other
lives so that's all we know and I'll
bookend it by saying there's no credible
evidence that it works that's what the
president says that's what the experts
say that's what I say there is evidence
but it's just not not quite where we
need it so it could be nothing
however these other things that are
coming on from the you know the blood
stuff and the testing are just so
positive that we have maybe I would say
we have probably five different paths
for success meeting several different
ways of testing several different drugs
you know maybe we'll find out that we
can test DNA and find out who's more
susceptible we saw some evidence
and I don't think this is credible
either all right so take this with a
grain of salt - but there were two
studies showing that you know 60 to 80
percent of the people who died from the
corona virus were also quite overweight
is that true is it true that if you're
not overweight your risk of dying is you
know like small you know relatively
wouldn't that be nice to do I don't
think we entrust a that any of that to
be true New York Times had an article
today saying hey you know what you know
it feels like wearing the mask might
make a difference now this was in
response to the World Health
Organization saying you know if you
don't have symptoms don't wear a mask
you don't need that
and of course everybody was a lick of
common sense said something like this
wait a minute if there is such a thing
as asymptomatic spreading and it's one
of the biggest problems and we know that
the mask stops things from being
projected at it for your mouth how in
the world could they not work that's
right because the asymptomatic spreader
is still spreading through the mouth and
if you've got a barrier over the mouth
that keeps the distance the things
spread lower and a very you know even
even bad barriers apparently cut the
virus by 75% in in what scenario does
that not make sense to do it you know
and there's some suggestion that Japan
and South Korea went massively to the
masks and it made a difference I don't
think we know that yet but certainly you
know anecdotally it's and commonsensical
II but it took the New York Times to say
you know maybe there's a reason you
should wear a mask and I'm thinking my
god my god the quality of information
and reporting is so bad that the
greatest you know newspaper in the world
like took that today to tell you you
know yeah maybe a barrier over thing
would slow it down really we had to wait
till today for that
somebody in the comments is talking
about smokers why is that we don't have
the data on the on the demographics and
the situation for the people who died
doesn't that bother you I feel as though
we are being lied to
well let me let me say this as clear as
possible our government the United
States is lying to us just grotesquely
they're lying to us about the usefulness
of masks probably because it was a
shortage I think they're lying to us
about the potential for the
hydroxychloroquine probably because they
don't want us to hoard it I think that
they are wrong about some things and
misleading about some things taking
their best guess on some things it may
turn out to be wrong I think that the
here's what I feel confident about at
least in our country the government and
the experts I believe all of their
intentions are good so in other words
I'm not too bothered by the government
of the United States lying to me to
prevent a hoarding of a valuable good I
don't love it I'm not comfortable with
it it hurts I might you know for myself
I'd rather know the truth but if you're
saying what's good for the country
I don't know stopping people from
hoarding a vital good it's kind of
important so if your government is lying
to you with good intentions and that's
let's just let's be honest that's
exactly what's happening your government
is lying to you massively with good
intentions
I can't hate that but I wouldn't believe
any other government because they do not
have good intentions about us but
basically everybody is lying to you or
stupid and I think that that's just yeah
I mean look at the New York Times and
it's it's just a stupid that it took so
long for them to say that all right see
what else I got here my my health club
so the club I usually go to for working
out my gym
to center around a notice and I'm
wondering how common this is they're
offering two options for their members
now the club is closed of course but
they say you know they would like to
keep their staff employed as long as
possible and they've offered this option
which i think is kind of brilliant they
said you can just keep paying your dues
and they would appreciate it
because that's how they get that's the
only way they can pay their staff doing
the thing but they've offered this
option you can you can drop your dues to
zero just by asking just go to the
website click it and say I want to pay
zero or you can drop it by 50% so that
some of the burden is off of you but you
still help to pay the employees now I
know what you're going to say is this
really going to the employees or is this
more about the owners and the business
that are in big trouble right now
and the answer is I don't know but I do
love the fact that they gave all of us
three choices how can I hate that one of
my choices does not pay them any money
like how can I get mad at that one of my
choices is to help their employees who I
know in many cases and like and would
like to help and the other option is I
just pay full price and help them ride
it out now because I can you know have
them wherewithal all I've decided to pay
full price so I'm just gonna pay full
price because this this gym and health
club has been good to me for 125 years I
do genuinely like you know many of their
employees I know them personally quite
well in a number of cases and so I'll
just pay full price but it really makes
it easier for me to do that because they
made it easy for me to pay zero or easy
for me to pay fifty so from a
psychological community you know greater
good perspective this feels kind of
enlightened I mean I don't know that
they could have done this any better
then than this this is really good I
would recommend that other health clubs
that are in the same situation there
must be a lot of them should at least
take a look at this idea because the way
it makes me feel is just totally right
how it were
for everybody well we can be optimistic
but certainly good try I I think that's
what we've got for now I feel like there
was one other thing that I promised
somebody I would talk about today and I
want to make sure I didn't miss it hold
on
just check and check and checking and I
think I've I think I got all my you know
my points all right oh yes one more
point just to clarify something there's
a discussion about whether our hospitals
or any of them are over capacity or are
they handling larell the reports we're
getting is that even the most impacted
hospitals are still not over capacity
meaning they're there kind of close to
capacity but they're not over and as was
pointed out that in the 2018 flu
hospitals were also over capacity for a
little while so it's not unusual for the
just the regular flu to make a hospital
over capacity but then somebody else who
was smarter than me and all the other
people talking about this said the
following in 2018 when there was a
regular flu they had not also canceled
all of the surgeries that were optional
so you're comparing an apple to an
orange if you're looking at two at the
regular flu cause some over capacity and
that's a fact
I believe that's a fact at some
hospitals but I believe those save
hospitals we're still doing a full
schedule of all their surgeries you know
in all their other business and that's
not the case today the hospitals
basically wiped the clean the table
clean of all the normal business the
stuff you could put off and there's
still a capacity that is completely
different completely different than
being at capacity with the over capacity
with the regular flu while you're also
still doing your full menu of other
stuff all right I just want to put that
out there and say we're going to be
great the the level of human ingenuity
and focus
and good intentions on this is
phenomenal when it's over we're all
going to be very proud to be Americans
to be humans and we're going to be proud
of what we did because basically
basically all right I'm sorry I was
gonna sign off but somebody said
something in the comments that's that
are fighting words so so you got me for
another minute so I made an analogy on
Twitter to make a point and people who
say to me Scott you're always saying
analogies are bad and you made an
analogy therefore that's loser think let
me defend it here was the analogy there
was more of a thought experiment if you
were standing on the beach and you saw
coming toward you a 200-foot wave a
tsunami and you saw it you're not you're
not wondering if it's coming you're just
looking at it oh that's a 200-foot wall
of water coming right at me what it
should be your reaction should be your
reaction be oh oh I think I'm gonna be
dead or should you reaction be I'm fine
because I'm dry you see what I did there
I'm dry now I'm fine yeah there's a
200-foot tsunami coming right at me and
I can see it I don't have to wonder if
it's coming it's right there but I'm
fine because I'm dry now
everybody hears that nose well that's
stupid because the tsunami is gonna kill
you in a moment
so you'd better worry now of course I'm
helping people to think through their
bad thinking when they look at oh the
virus has not overwhelmed the United
States yet I just want you to understand
it doesn't mean anything the fact that
it hasn't overwhelmed us yet doesn't
tell you anything doesn't tell you think
you're still dry but that doesn't mean
you're safe now it could be and this
would be a legitimate complaint that if
you don't believe that the scientists
are right that there's any tsunami
coming at you well that would be fine
that would be an actual
legitimate opinion that could be right
or wrong and we'll find out later
it is not a legitimate opinion to say
well I'm dry now so I guess everybody
was wrong now if that's looser think I
don't know what what isn't and I'll talk
to you tonight at 7 o'clock Pacific
10:00 p.m. Eastern have a great day