[Music]
hey everybody come on in here yeah it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams today
will be a lively one oh yeah we'll need
lots of coffee for this I got my big job
I hope you got your big cups too we're
probably gonna have a lot of company
today probably gonna see a lot of
company you know I've told you before
how sometimes you watch the news and
sometimes she'd become part of the news
it's weird to be me
but most of you must appreciate weird
because you're here and you know if you
want to enjoy the intense pleasure of
the simultaneous sip you don't need much
you just need to show up but you also
need some kind of a cup or a mug or
glass maybe a Stein the chalice a
tankard a thermos flask to canteen or a
vessel of some sort put your favorite
beverage in there I like coffee and join
me from the dopamine hit it gets your
day going oh that's good
dopamine I've got a little coffee warmer
now makes everything better
all right well let's start out with the
big news of the day number one our first
thoughts and our empathy are with the
victims of the Gilroy shooting I would
like to suggest that most of us darn
near all of us I'd say 97% of us those
of you watching me all of my critics
probably feel exactly the same way when
there's a mass shooting I would think we
probably have very similar feelings
we're all thinking about the victims
we're all thinking it's the worst
possible thing we're all wishing that it
doesn't happen to us and we're all
feeling very very bad for the people who
experienced it I'm no different
so so for those of you who are imagining
some kind of weird mind-reading is
happening a lot of people have imagined
that although most people are normal
that I'm some kind of weird exception
where I somehow have a different
reaction to tragedy
I don't turns out that tragedy affects
normal people in all the ways you would
expect and really help it to we care we
wonder how we can help and then we do
what we can
it's very very important now for those
of you who are not aware of the big
story of the day well there's two parts
of it one involves me but that's not the
big story the big story of course is
that there was a big shooting at the
Gilroy Garlic Festival which is very
close to me so it's just a short drive
down the road someplace I've been many
times I've been to Gilroy many times and
so this shooting is close to home and
let me give you some background of what
happened with my little controversy on
the Internet today it started yesterday
so I was watching the news coverage and
I was struck by how little the news
organizations knew about what was
happening and they were trying to find
some witnesses to talk to to inform the
public now I believe that the public
shares the feeling that there's a
legitimate public need to know about
these tragedies my first choice if I
were the King and I could decide how
tragedies were covered my first choice
is that there would be some kind of a
standard where there's no photos no
photos of the of the witnesses no photos
of the aftermath no photos of the crime
scene no photos of the even the location
and certainly no photos of the the
perpetrator
so my first choice is that the news is
covered because it's a legitimate public
concern but that we take all of the
the energy out of it and don't have any
photos and don't name the shooter but
still deal with it as seriously as
possible just don't make it excitement
my second choice because I think that's
is probably a practical my second choice
would be that we do the best job we can
we meaning anybody involved in reporting
the news whether you're a pundit or a
news organization or just somebody
talking about it then we all do the best
job so that was the spirit in which I
made it I reminded people on the
internet that my startup has an app
called interface by when hub in which in
this situation is just one of the many
ways it could be used it's primarily for
experts to be contacted with an
immediate video call but in this case
and in others where there's a lot of
witnesses to any kind of an event it
doesn't have to be a mass shooting which
is any kind of event it could be a
positive effect just doesn't matter that
it would be a way to get a direct
connection from people who have some
information that the public would like
to know and they can get on the app news
organizations could contact them and now
the app allows you to set your own price
to take a call for an application like
this where there's a mass shooting et
cetera I would expect the normal way
people would use it is they would set
the price as zero so the normal
situation and I'd be surprised if it
worked in the other way is somebody
would either set their prices zero or if
they didn't news organizations for
example might say well I don't want to
pay money because it doesn't feel right
in this situation and then they wouldn't
and then nothing would happen but they'd
have the option now my expectation is
that if anybody was a witness they would
probably want to get the word out police
was gonna have trouble finding everybody
etc if I were talking to this person on
the app I'd say have you talked to the
place if you had anything that was
useful for the police most people are
witnesses but they don't really have
anything this you
for the police I'd say 99% of them don't
really have a you know a direct view but
they would still have a story that the
public has an interest and I would say a
legitimate interest here so that's that
would be only a second choice the third
choice have had it how to cover these
things would be the way it's done now
which is we don't do a great job and we
don't use all the tools at our disposal
and we're sort of at the diversity is
the big the big networks we don't hear
anything directly and so that's what I
was thinking so what I was thinking when
I sent out the tweet is hey this would
be one of those situations where this
tool interface by went up could be an
asset to get the story to the people who
have a legitimate reason to hear about
it this is not the first time I've done
this exact thing it is the first time I
got any pushback for it the first time I
did it was however long ago was a few
months ago when there was a helicopter
that crashed on top of the building in
New York City and there were lots of
people in the building and I thought
wouldn't it be interesting
I think either I think the pilot died
but there weren't any other injuries I'm
not I'm not even sure if the pilot died
but it was maybe one person died and I
tweeted it down and I and I said if
there are any witnesses you can use this
app and then even people could look at
it
now how much pushback did I get for that
tweet it's largely identical to this one
none zero I don't think I mean if I miss
one maybe I miss one but I think that
were zero people who complained because
here's why there is no political
interest group that that is involved
with helicopter crashes so I did exactly
the same thing saying hey here's a tool
that you should know about right now
because right now is when it's relevant
this is when you would use it right now
and nobody complained but man did people
complained when I did the same thing on
this and by the way I do plan to do the
same thing again in the future now if
it's a mass shooting I might think twice
just because of the pushback but the
concept of reminding people that there's
a tool they can use to directly connect
people connect to media if they want to
tell their story etc is worth reminding
people and that's when you remind them
I'm seeing number of people in the
comments yelling don't apologize don't
apologize well I'm getting to that I'm
getting to that
okay so will but I hear what you're
saying so here is my entire thinking on
the topic hey it doesn't look like the
news is getting to me as quickly and as
efficiently as it could hey I've got an
app they could solve that maybe this
would be a good time to remind people
now people said my god Scott how can you
make money off of the disasters well let
me explain the typical way people would
use the app for this situation
remember the app is used for all kinds
of situations where anybody wants to
charge for their time for a video call
so it could work at any situation where
they want to do that usually it's just
an expert but it could be used as a
witness or a citizen journalist etc the
typical way people would do it when the
when the let's say when the tragedy is
fresh does they probably just be
interested in getting the the word out
and so I wouldn't imagine people were
charged and if they did nobody has any
responsibility to pay for it so there is
just absolutely but I do imagine that
there could be situations where there's
a witness who's willing to talk but
doesn't want to spend all day doing it
so maybe they set the prices 0 and talk
to CNN but perhaps there are lots of
podcasters and you know pundits who
would also like to yeah
some information firsthand if that
witness said you know the only way I'm
working I'm gonna spend my time doing
this as if I can charge them that feels
legitimate to me that feels legitimate
to me it doesn't feel dirty it feels
like two people one one has something
that would cost them their time they've
already done their good service they've
helped at the tragedy they've talked to
the police they've talked to CNN Fox
News yes they asked so they've done
their duty but they might have some more
information and there might be more
people wanted so is that a dirty
capitalist horrible thing to make that
available and to remind people that
exists well many people will said so but
I don't believe many of them were
legitimate complaints most of the
complaints fell into the category of
obvious trolls which means that there
are some organized some organized
campaign on top of real people who are
also concerned the organized people all
use the same words so if you see them in
my in my Twitter feed if you're trying
to figure out which ones are the the
organized trolls they all use the words
grifter and ghoul
so mostly grifter and ghoul grifter you
would think that a grifter at the very
least would be hiding their motives I
couldn't be more obvious about what the
motive is it's a tool you can use it or
not use it but it's very appropriate to
this situation so I don't know how I
could be more clear about it so the you
can tell the those are not words that I
think necessarily the public would have
just spontaneously all come up with on
their own so it's so most of my Twitter
feed is you go you Google FFF off
Dilbert was never funny you unfunny
c-word you're repulsive you're vile what
the f is wrong with you
and so almost all of them fall into one
of those
slots so they're all very similar let me
tell you my favorite this one just came
in so I printed off his profile so you
can see I'm not making this up so this
this gentleman had a problem with my
tweet his name is Steven his last name
is Boehner ba iter so mr. Bader had a
lot to say he didn't seem happy about my
tweet
so mr. Bader was very unhappy I just
thought I'd point that out write your
own jokes it's true
now here's my take on this as you know I
don't live in the 2d world in the 2d
world things are exactly like they look
on the surface so if you live in the 2d
world what you saw here is there's a
horrible tragedy and there's somebody
who offered something that's a
commercial product in the in the midst
of it therefore evil bad we must attack
him so that's the 2d world but that's
not actually what's happening here
because as I told you if that was what
was happening I would have gotten pushed
back on the helicopter accident as well
I guess zero what does this about is
Trump all of the pushback I'm getting is
fueled by this intense hatred of Trump
and therefore anybody who has ever said
anything good about Trump this is about
gun control and it's about people
feeling helpless to be able to do
something about it it's about them
feeling angry because they can't do
something about it and it's about them
finding a target for their anger the
target for their anger of course is guns
and anybody who's in favor of guns which
makes them think of Republicans which
makes them think of Trump which makes
them think of anybody who has said
anything good about Trump in their
lifetime which brings it to me so I
called out Frank Luntz was one of the
first people to do the the showboating
fake outrage
now if you asked anybody that I've
accused a fake outrage they will deny it
with every ounce of their their being
what is pretty obvious that is fake
outrage first because there was no
outrage with the helicopter accident
which means it's about guns
it's about guns it's about politics it's
about Trump that's what it's about
that's where the anger is coming from
they needed a target and there I was I
was a convenient target Frank Luntz
decided to try to build his brand online
you can put whatever ethical
interpretation on that you want by
calling me out in public to show how
much better he is as a person
Frank Luntz wanted the world to know
that as a human being a moral person of
goodness that he's better than me and so
he tweeted to that effect that I'm a bad
person it was a bad thing to do and then
he followed it up by saying here's the
only number you should call as the
police if you have a tip which I agree
if you have information on the crime and
you're using my app what the heck is
wrong with you don't use the app if you
have information for the police and you
haven't talked to them yet do I need to
tell you that do I need to tell people
to talk to the police before they sign
up for an app I hope I don't I don't
think there was anybody who didn't know
that so when Frank showed the world that
he knows that that's the first thing you
do was that really about me that wasn't
about me was that about the victims no
that was not about the victims well in
his case it probably wasn't even about
Trump
it was about displaying his goodness in
a relationship to my horrible badness
now the funniest trolls are the people
who don't realize that the only reason
they know that this tragedy happened is
because they saw on a 4:00
a news platform every person who knows
there was a Gilroy tragedy shooting all
of them they all heard it
from a news organization that charges
money in a sense because they make money
on advertising you know the more
customers who consume them the more they
can charge for advertising so there's no
such thing in our world as a news
platform that isn't making money they
all cover it because it gets clicks
against eyeballs etc so if you give them
a pass and come after this additional
tool simply a tool that can be used to
gather the information that everybody
wants in a little more efficient way
that's all it is it's a tool to gather
some information in an efficient way if
you're complaining about one of the
tools but not the major ones if you're
complaining about the the one percent
and not the 99 percent well you don't
really have a credible complaint what
you have is what I would call sort of a
lifestyle entertainment complaint the
fake outrage is outrage that feels good
to the person who has it
the people who express their rage of me
are enjoying it and it's pretty obvious
because there are a lot of things they
could have spent their time on I don't
think that they think the world is a
better place by insulting me I don't
think they think well I'll go make the
world a better place all I'll save those
victims all I'll comfort the the people
in pain knows none of that I mean they
had those options every one of the
people who spent some time coming after
me with their fake outrage on behalf of
other people every one of them could
have been doing something useful instead
they kind of they could have started a
GoFundMe for the victims they could have
found out how to donate money they could
have you know gotten involved with I
don't know whatever they thought would
make the problem better but instead they
chose the only thing
makes them as bad as they imagine I am
how many people who came to my Twitter
feed to simply call me names
I mean vulgar names I'm not offended
because I'm a public figure and I get
called vulgar names every five seconds
but so just thought so it's not about me
but just talking about the people who
took time to go insult me personally now
there were some people who were who
expressed great disappointment with the
action I would say that's a reasonable
thing to say I think it's fairly
reasonable to somebody look for somebody
who doesn't have all the information to
look at this situation and say wait you
know short of having all the information
I'm bothered by this action if somebody
says that I'm gonna listen to him I
don't mind somebody criticizing an
activity or a decision you know part of
the way you learn how to do things
better is by you listen to people say
hey you did this thing it looks like a
pretty dumb idea to me maybe you should
do something differently next time I
generally like that kind of feedback I
kind of I kind of liked it but the
people who just came to literally insult
me to make me feel bad what is their
claim to a moral a higher moral plane
what I did was make available a tool
that people could use for no charge and
there's there's no potential income for
me and by the way just the size it the
way interface by when hat works is if
people charge which I wouldn't expect
them to do in this situation but if they
did and they charged cash instead of the
cryptocurrency we take a 20 percent cut
anything and so if you imagine that the
worldwide greatest amount of money that
when when hub could have paid if
everything went the way I imagined it
could have and a few people use the app
what do you think would be my total
potential best
case revenue somewhere in the five to
ten dollar range five to ten dollars in
all likelihood that would be the most it
could make and then only in the most
unusual situation which is the person
who who was on there wanted to charge
for it because I wouldn't expect that I
would expect they would say no
obscenities here oh I just want to tell
my story but they could if they wanted
to so I wonder if if the talk of
socialism has ruined an entire
generation of people who don't
understand that the news is a for-profit
business do you imagine that the news is
not for profit the people who said that
nobody should make a profit on disaster
literally watched the for-profit news to
learn about it so I don't think there's
a lot of consistency going on but I'm
typically not the person who criticizes
people for hypocrisy cuz that's that's a
weak claim that the hypocrisy claim is
just the weakest comeback the only
reason I mention it is because the more
realistic framing of what's happening is
that people are angry about the shooting
and they need they need an outlet for
that and since they're already worked up
about politics they see me and they say
oh wait a minute I think he's associated
with that guy we don't law like whose
orange so let's all let's all pile on
him here's an interesting thing in the
context of Oh so let me make sure that I
got my major things covered here all
right so here's a few more things people
are going to treat this as a gun problem
and you could certainly imagine you know
you could imagine it being a gun problem
but as conservatives will say it's not
about the guns it's about the people
well in this case I think that's more
true than in other other
situations I think in this case this is
just classic mental illness and we do
have a massive mental illness problem
it's the problem with our cities it's
the problem with Los Angeles and the
homelessness as dr. drew
so effectively described the other day
on periscope and he's described on
national media as well recently that we
think there's a homelessness problem but
it's really a mental health and drug
addiction problem likewise these mass
shootings and probably this one I assume
we're going to find out there's a young
man who had some mental health
challenges and while if you could stop
all guns you know maybe that would
reduce the amount of this it's probably
more productive to see this as a mental
health problem I think that would be
more productive and I saw a statistic
somebody said that I think it was around
95 percent of mass shooters at least the
recent ones have no father figure so
something like I think it was 95 percent
or 97 percent or something like that I
have no father figure and so the
implication of that is people say well
it must be that having no father leads
to mass shooter situations to which I
say maybe maybe you know if the
correlation is that strong you have to
you have to take it seriously but you
have to ask more questions here's here's
the question you have to ask why is the
father gone well the father might be
gone because the father had some mental
problems of his own and if the father
had some mental problems and yeah
they're often genetic and got passed on
you wouldn't expect the mother to want
to stay with the man with mental
problems so there might be a correlation
that is very well established but it
might not be exactly the way you think
it is it might not be the lack of
parents or the lack of a father
specifically it might be that if you
have a defective father let's say he's
got a mental problem the odds of passing
that on to a child are pretty good
pretty good now on top of that having a
tougher situation because you probably
have less money maybe you get teased
more and you don't have anybody to help
you through the teasing and that sort of
thing the bullying especially so I could
see how it could work both ways there
could be some correlation without
causation but I could definitely see
there could be some causation I just
don't know how to tease out you know
what percent is one so at the same time
we're watching this interesting
situation play out with Elijah Cummings
in Baltimore so of course the president
is being taken out of context and is his
critics who want to be mad and they want
to exhibit fake outrage because as you
know it feels good that fake outrage
feels good
they are legitimately claiming that the
president uses the word infestation to
refer to people now of course it didn't
take long for somebody to produce videos
of Obama referring to crime infestation
in the inner cities so turns out it's
just a word people use because it's the
right word and most of the outrage in
the fake outrage especially seem to
Center on the fact that the president
was calling people vermin but he wasn't
he was calling the vermin perman he was
calling yet the actual insects and rats
the problem and he was on the side of
the people saying that they should be
serves better that's what he said of
course the critics turn it in to me
called them rats and vermin here's where
I'm going with this so after my
provocative tweet and the the pushback
how many people do you think called me a
maggot so that's the funny play on words
so maga from Agra make America great
again
when people see it they say haha I will
call you a maggot
and they call all the people who support
the president maggots
how many times have you seen that on
social media where where the Trump
supporters are literally compared to
maggots all the time almost every day I
would say I probably see it every day
now is that acceptable no but it's not
you know it's certainly far worse than
what the President did which is worse
calling everybody who voted for the
president or supports him literally a
maggot or the president says those poor
people should not have so many rats and
and insects around can somebody do
something about that please which one of
those is the bad one I don't even think
that's close is it seems like that's not
even close to me all right
[Music]
by the way speaking of tragedies the
next time there is a let's say
earthquake or a hurricane there's
another app that when hub makes that I
probably will tweet about because again
it's completely useful in that situation
it's the other app is called approach it
allows you to find people so let's say
you want to find several family members
who got separated you just send a link
from the app to the family members you
know just anybody you have their phone
number or you could send it by email to
and anybody who clicks the link you can
see each other on the map and then you
can find each other now would it be
ghoulish of me to remind the public
during one of those disasters that this
is a tool and again I make 0 it's a free
app it doesn't cost anything to use
would it be ghoulish for me to tell
people there's a useful application I
don't know but I guess I'll find out
because I probably will tweet that so it
is my it will be my process to tweet
the applications usefulness when there's
a situation that it's useful and I know
people complain but it's still useful do
you know the gell-mann effect is called
the gell-mann amnesia effect now the
gala man amnesia effect I've talked
about it before it refers to the fact
that if you happen to be an expert on a
specific topic and then you see the news
cover that topic you can tell because
you're an expert that they got it all
wrong but you also know that the regular
public can't tell to them it looks real
you just happen to be an expert so you
can tell it's wrong now that's also true
if the news does the story about you yes
so this happens to me a lot to be a lot
of news coverage about me and I can tell
when it's wrong watch the fake news that
gets produced about me in the next 24
hours
now I already got a contact from The
Daily Beast somebody at the Daily Beast
asked for a contact on Twitter today I
did not comply because I'm not going to
do an interview from The Daily Beast but
I think I can depend on The Daily Beast
to write a fake news story with just
full of errors they will describe the
app wrong they'll say they'll probably
say I make money from advertising on the
app which I don't but will they come
will they complain about this periscope
because they should right I'm doing the
periscope talking about the tragedy and
when this periscope gets downloaded it
will eventually make it onto YouTube and
it would be monetized along with every
other person who was talking about the
news so why is nobody complaining about
my periscope no reason there's no reason
it's exactly the same situation there's
an entire industry of people who depend
on clicks and eyeballs and attention who
profit from tragedies if I had a vote it
would all go away including my you know
my part of it you know keep in mind that
for when
this specific application of hearing
news from you know an event either good
or bad event that application is
trivially small it doesn't make any
difference to me financially none
doesn't make any difference to the
company even if it were used a lot for
that it would still be so small it would
be vanishingly trivially under $100 of
value probably in a year so but but
that's the one that people decided to
complain about and not all the ones that
that that are making real money so
somebody's asking in the comments so why
promote it the reason that I mention it
during the exact time that people would
most likely find value in it is that's
when people would find value that's
exactly when they need to know about it
so I'm letting people who might want
that information then people might want
to provide it know that they exist and
there's a way to connect and by the way
the the app allows the connection to be
anonymous so there may be situations
where people want to report stuff but
don't want anybody to know who they are
because knowing no personal information
is exchanged alright let's talk about
the 48-hour rule I'm the creator of the
48-hour rule and it says this if
somebody says something in public or
even in private that is provocative and
makes people very upset
they have 48 hours to clarify or
apologize or both now if it's if if
there's just a misunderstanding then
maybe a simple clarification would be in
order and if somebody's actually
offended then maybe an apology is in
order
and you know every situation is a little
bit different so here's where here's my
take on this situation
I don't consider the people who are
complaining to be genuine meaning that
they're they they will tell you that
they are outraged what they're really
doing is sort of a life
it's not the real kind of outrage where
you've done anything that's actually
wrong it and if they saw it in context
it's just a tool that the you know
augments your news gathering that's
already happening right and and if you
imagine it I have bad intentions well
there's something wrong with you what
what bad intentions do I have and for
those of you saying Scott you grifter
you're using this to get attention for
your app obviously yes that's one of the
things it's not the only thing it gets
attention for the app which is useful
for the public that's not really a crime
to inform people about something that
might be useful to them so I don't
apologize about telling people there's a
useful tool that would be good in this
situation no apology needed for that I
will clarify since the tweet doesn't
give a lot of information I will clarify
that it was never intended that even in
the best case scenario there was no
scenario in which it could make money
directly off of the tragedy the it
doesn't work that way there wouldn't be
enough traffic at most somebody would
connect with a news producer and the
news producer would say hey let's take
it offline so it might be a you know a
ten dollar phone call we might make two
dollars if somebody did it you know and
who knows if anybody will so that's
that's my clarification now let's talk
about an apology if there's anybody who
is actually in the the victim group in
other words people who attended the
actual attended the actual Gilroy Garlic
Festival and if they found this
offensive I apologize so I apologize to
anybody who was directly part of the
event and the terror that happened there
or any other family members who are
offended now I think that there is an
argument you should not be offended
but since I do not intend to offend
anybody and these there are people who
are real victims and really affected in
the most horrible ways you can imagine I
don't mean to pile up so as they trying
to be a decent human being as best I can
if any of any people who were the
legitimate victims and or associated
with them family or whatever if any of
them were offended by this you have my
unrestricted apology certainly never
intended to do that but for those of you
who are trolls were just getting your
rocks off on attacking me because it's
just part of your political fun well you
don't really earn an apology and you're
not the offended class
you're just the the outrage tourists so
to the people who are just tourists and
would like to come in and express their
outrage no apology needed no apology
offered now somebody says please move on
there's nothing else happening move on
to what yeah so Frank Luntz let me tell
you a Franklin's story I met Frank Luntz
years ago when we both coincidentally
were giving a speech at some
billionaires event and the billionaire
event organizer put us in the same car
to the airport so I was in the same car
with Frank I don't think he knew who I
was but I remember leaving the car
thinking man that guy's I don't like
that guy and it was just this weird Auto
vibe that I he just seemed unlikable and
we didn't have any bad interaction or
anything I just you know we just had
some casual just friendly
how you doing sort of stuff but I came
away thinking I just didn't like him
which is very unusual I would I can't
tell you it would be
meet even name another time that's
happened but it was a real strong
feeling I had maybe I was seeing the
future since then he and I have had a
number of interactions disagreeing or ma
in a professional way on Twitter and I
actually have appreciated those
interactions in a few cases he's offered
some background or statistics that were
either refuting me or at least
challenged what I was saying and I
always liked that stuff because it it
goes after the argument go after the
argument I'm all on your side but when
he decided to play the moral superiority
card that was a that was a little
further I couldn't really go there with
him so I blocked him as I blocked
I don't dozens and dozens of people
today so anybody who's being morally
superior or is being offended for
entertainment their own entertainment
and I'm blocking them and most of them
are I would say 60% or more probably
professional trolls it looks like I got
on some lists for the professional
trolls as I had before all right that's
about all I've got to say because the
the shooting of course horrible tragedy
feel bad for all the victims as I'm sure
all of you do because because somebody
says wow you apologized not something
Donald Trump ever does I disagree
Trump would apologize if he had done
this I think because the people offended
were actually or at least potentially I
haven't heard from any of them so I
don't know if any of them were actually
offended but potentially some of them
could have been you know feel it was
worsening things and nobody feels bad
about that
Trump doesn't apologize for things that
are not actually worthy of an apology or
just attacking his critics that's what
the thing
so the part I did not apologize for is
whatever my critics are mad about on
Twitter because they're those are the
entertainment tourists outraged people
they're not actually outraged in a in a
real way
so no apologies for them alright that's
about all I have to talk about cuz the
whole Baltimore thing by the way look
what's happening with the Baltimore
thing I see people volunteering to help
in a variety of ways but people don't
really know what did you to help so let
me make a suggestion I'm gonna throw out
I'm gonna toss out a suggestion you
haven't heard before and it's radical
now I wouldn't suggest a radical idea to
save the inner cities unless all of the
normal ways that had already been
expired now I have suggested I think
maybe yesterday now one way would be to
have some kind of a Switzerland like
consulting group come in and simply run
a city for a while or maybe only run the
the bidding process so that the the
money in the the graft can be controlled
controlled without the city and any kind
of potential for theft and bribery
so I've suggested that maybe there's
something that's not regular politics
that could come in for emergency
situations now I don't think that exists
but we need a government in a box we
need it for countries that are failing
just to get them up and running and we
needed in the United States for cities
that are failing you need a government
in a box
now what I'd love to see is if the
president could offer some kind of a
emergency declaration option where the
city can say okay we don't have to
declare an emergency here but if we do
we'll have some extra flexibility extra
resources so if they do then the federal
government could work with them to to
deal with their problems in some
effective way but maybe they'd have more
flight
civility about what policies that can
bend what rules they can break that sort
of thing sometimes you need to break
some rules because the rules don't
always keep up with the changing
situation on the ground so that's one
way to do let me let me give you an even
more radical suggestion well how about
we build a city to relocate people who
are failing in their existing cities
failing specifically because of mental
illness and drug addiction just those
two things
suppose you build a separate City that
was just for fixing those people so
let's say the housing is super cheap but
you know clean and good and you know
respectable so nobody nobody's treated
like a prison right it's a respectable
but low income low-cost kind of place
now given that you're relocating people
you can put it anywhere so you can put
it on the cheapest land in the world you
can you know ship in all of your experts
with all their best ideas and resources
and then it's all in one place but most
importantly you would take these people
and of their environments in which they
are failing if you keep a drug addict
in the inner-city the odds of them
getting clean are pretty low because
they're in a horrible place no resources
to help them or drugs everywhere it's
just the best option might as well do
some drugs if you take them somewhere
where they couldn't get drugs even if
they tried a whole extra City somebody
says Alcatraz that's actually a really
good idea Alcatraz because an island
would be perfect not as a prison you
know you'd have to get rid of the prison
but the idea of a an island where people
live who have the same set of problems
and can't possibly work in the normal
society and city just move them now
somebody says it won't work but you
didn't give a reason it's there's
probably enough room in these comments
that you could give a reason if you
wanted to somebody's saying a leper
colony that's not a bad analogy the
point of a leper colony is if you took
the lepers
away from the normal population you
could concentrate you know whatever
medical help you could keep them from
infecting other people and it made sense
and it worked and actually worked it
seems to me that we should test down
some of our new technologies for
building homes go be 3d printed homes
could be these prefab homes etc find a
cheap place in the middle of nowhere
where the land cost nothing and there's
access to water you know the basics and
just make it really hard to get any
drugs in and out of there you could
probably do that
so I'll even go further I think it has
to happen because I think all of the
other I think all of the other options
for dealing with mental health and for
drug addiction will be too little even
if they're effective they'll be too
little I think you have to relocate the
people now I have a little bit of
experience and not the good kind and
that most would be another story my
stepson died less than a year ago from
opioid overdose and including fentanyl
which was probably the key ingredient
and there was nothing you could do once
he reached 18 if he didn't want
treatment he didn't get it and he was
surrounded by temptations and there was
just nothing you could do there was no
force you could put on him no no nothing
it was he could not live in society the
way it was organized so putting that kid
he was 18 at the time putting that 18
year old in normal society doomed him he
could not function
it was beyond him there are tons of
people in that situation they cannot
function in a normal city in a normal
environment so if you don't move them to
a different environment you're just
waiting for them to die and they made
they they're probably at least some of
them are going to take other people with
them I know that when my stepson died I
had the
worst set of feelings which is of course
that you know the sadness for the
tragedy of course but on top of that I
also knew that he wouldn't be able to
hurt anybody else and he would have not
intentionally he was a good kid in terms
of you know he was he was not bad by
Nature so but his lifestyle I guaranteed
it would have hurt somebody and I think
that yeah so there's there's no such
thing as forced rehab at least in most
states if not all you can't force
somebody into rehab that has to happen
now you don't necessarily need to force
people if you could say we've built this
nice city if you go there you're gonna
have a much better time than where you
are under those conditions you might be
able to get people to go voluntarily and
maybe enough of them because you don't
have to eliminate crime and mental
health problems from the inner cities to
make a difference you have to reduce it
a lot until the existing systems can
handle it at the moment they're
overwhelmed too much mental health too
much addiction there's no way that an
inner city can function with that stuff
going on and then you add immigration on
top of it for an extra burden so so I
say the only way this will ever get salt
is is by separate cities for the
addicted maybe you need yet another
separate City for the people who have
mental issues that they're trying to
work through and that is my positive
suggestion I would not I would not
respect any opinions they say you can't
use a tragedy to talk about things that
need to get done you generally wouldn't
there's one of these gun shootings there
there's always a cry for gun control and
then there are other people who say how
dare you bring up gun control during a
tragedy because that's not giving the
victims enough you know respect to let
them grieve and all that stop making it
political I completely disagree
if the problem is this dire and the
shootings are pretty darn dire if the
problem is this dire you should bring it
up any time and if the time you bring it
up is when most people are paying
attention because something just
happened that's the best time to bring
it up now if you happen to be opposed to
gun control you don't want that side to
win but from a pure rational what's good
for society you know sort of generality
bringing up potential solutions when
everybody has the emotional let's say
the emotional energy and the focus on
the problem is exactly the time to do it
if that's offensive to some people I
think that's still a good trade-off
likewise if I've offended anybody here I
don't think I need to apologize to the
outraged tourists who just like to feel
offended but it still was the best time
to do it because next time there's a
situation people might say hey I'd like
to get my story out I think the public
has a right to know it's it's you know
there's a use for it I'll use this tool
I don't think that makes the world a
worse place but if you see my Twitter
feed today
you certainly will think it I made the
world the worst place so don't be like
mr. Boehner and complain before you do
all the facts all right that's all for
now let's see if we can put our heads
together and fix these inner city
problems we should at the very least we
should be talking about tools and
solutions at the very least all right I
will talk to you tomorrow