[Music]
hey everybody come on in is for coffee
with Scott Adams the best part of the
day it's the part that makes all the
rest of your day great doesn't take much
to participate I know many of you are
ready you've developed a habit that is
so sublime so wonderful it's it's one of
those times you can connect with 2,000
people at the same time and all you need
is a cup or a mug or glasses time the
chalice is tankard a thermos of Alaska
Canty the vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid not like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure
the simultaneous sip watch your dopamine
spike go well so let's start with the
funniest tweet of yesterday I think this
is President Trump now this is after the
stock market had plunged presumably on
news of the Chinese situation and
President trumpet tweets the Dow is down
573 points perhaps on the news that
representative Seth Moulton whoever that
may be
yes let me let me see if I can read the
whole thing without laughing it's funny
because he said it it's not just funny
because it's a funny tweet it's funny
than if he said it at all like that just
the fact that he said it is what makes
it funny
alright let me try it again this is from
Trump his tweet the Dow is down 573
points perhaps on the news that
representative Seth Moulton whoever that
may be has dropped out of the 2020
Russian presidential race I didn't even
know there was somebody named
South Molton in the presidential race
did you yeah this is the funny thing is
the whole world is is melting down over
this China stuff you know you've heard
that you've heard the saying there's
nothing to fear but fear itself well
with who said that was that who said
there's nothing to fear but fear itself
for well first of all it's not true it's
a ridiculous thing because there are
things to fear but but when it comes to
the economy the economy is entirely a at
least at this point in history the the
economy is a psychology engine we're now
disconnected the economy is disconnected
from assets now what I mean is we don't
have a shortage of anything really I
mean we have things have to be moved
around things that cost more than they
should
etc but we don't really have a shortage
of anything speaking in the big picture
so our economy depends entirely upon
people expecting things to happen hoping
things will happen
optimism trust it's entirely a
psychological you know engine which
requires us but the asset part is taken
care of so if we didn't have assets that
would be the biggest problem hey we have
a shortage of something but once you
have all your stuff it's entirely a
psychological engine and the president
understands that in a way that you know
most people either forget or they they
lose sight of but he has this laser
focus on what an economy is which by far
is one of his strongest qualities and
it's also it's also an invisible quality
because if you don't study economics if
you're not kind of keyed into what an
economy actually is meaning a psychology
machine the you would see the things
that he did he does a scan
productive you'd say uh doesn't make
sense seems counterproductive but but
look what he did he took this big scary
thing the the Dow dropping five hundred
seventy three points and of course most
of us know that it's on China here's you
know the the dust-up with China but he
just totally makes a joke out of it
and he's the President of the United
States so what does that do to you
psychologically well psychologically
what it does to you is it says you
started out saying oh I think it's the
end of the world this China thing will
lead to nuclear war and depressions and
all that and then the then the president
Falls what follows it up with a joke and
you say oh well if he's not taking it
that seriously
maybe I shouldn't now he's obviously
taking seriously the pressure he's
putting on China that's completely
serious but in terms of how that might
affect the overall economy
he's joking about it and so if he's
joking about it you say to yourself okay
maybe I'm you know overthinking this
maybe the China thing is something we're
all going to work out which we will so
here's the most interesting thing there
are two really big stories about the
2020 election that I don't know will be
covered by the the rest of the news
industry as important but I think
they're the two most important things
now of course the things are changing
all the time so something that's not
important could be important tomorrow
but at the moment most important things
are and I'll bet nobody I'll bet you
haven't heard anybody say this president
Trump just created a common enemy what
does the United States the citizens what
do the citizens of this country I guess
every country but one of the citizens of
the United States like better than just
about anything in the world when I say
like I'm meaning that in
you know sort of a non-literal sense we
are drawn to we find ourselves
irresistible compelled by we are
organized by we are led by we are
motivated by our enemies our problems
our problems are our motivating factor
and because we did not have a common
problem we had a divided country so the
natural result of solving all of your
big problems in a country and that's
very close to what the President did now
you could argue that you know climate
change is a big problem but in terms of
today you know what's happening today
2019 2020 most of our big problems kind
of were under control
nothing was hurtling out of control and
so the United States had this weird
situation in which things were going so
well
externally for the United States that we
started tearing ourselves up internally
why because there's nothing we like more
than an enemy and so when we didn't have
a big external enemy and let's face it a
Russian never rose to the level of
feeling like an enemy you know we had
lots of complaints with Putin and the
election and Ukraine and stuff like that
but did China ever feel like I don't
know a big old enemy you know I get all
the things I did I'm not minimizing it
but if you put it all together I just
don't know how big of a deal it was at
least to our psychology you felt more
like an internal political football than
it did some external threat but now
President Trump has I think honestly
like I don't think this is I don't think
he's changing reality in order to do
what he's doing and say what he's saying
it does seem that China is
an external threat at least economically
and the president is now organizing our
thoughts around this external threat now
this is probably one of the most
productive external threats you can ever
have because it's unlikely to become
military because neither China nor the
USA under any condition would ever want
to fire at each other
I feel confident saying there's almost
nothing you could imagine they would
make China pull the trigger or the even
it States to pull the trigger it just
it's so unlikely because because we we
don't want it in a way that nobody's
ever not wanted anything before it's
like the most not wanted thing of all
time is war with China and I'm sure they
would say the same but economically the
president's doing a pretty good job of
painting them as a villain and one that
way and if that villain starts
depressing our economy as you're seeing
little ripples in the stock market they
don't mean too much actually he may
actually be able to consolidate support
around an external threat and people
might start seeing the internal threat
you know the other
heyyou Democrat a Republican let's let's
get together and fight it out with our
proxies so you might see you might see
some some psychological effect of the
president consolidating support around
reorienting our economy because that's
what it will take it would be a pretty
big reorientation of the US economy to
divest ourselves even slowly from China
now I've suggested that stuff should
come to this hemisphere whether it's in
the United States or helping us
indirectly by being in Central America
but that is a good national challenge to
be free of China's influence
it's pretty good so yesterday I haven't
checked this morning yesterday the stock
market was down less than 3% let's see
what it looks like this morning
it looks like Apple's taken another oh
I'm sorry it didn't change it's Saturday
so we're down to three percent for most
companies for the week and now we've got
a few days to think about it so we don't
know what it's going to open at now one
of the questions now of course you all
caught the news that that Trump came out
strongly against China he's ordered
ordered as the key word here US
industries to come back home to move
their production here now order is a
sort of ambiguous word in this context
Brit Hume asked on Twitter what
authority would the president have to
order such a thing can the president
order companies to close up shop in
China in move enter there so it's a good
question my answer to it I gave what I
call the practical answer not the lawyer
question lawyer answer my answer is yes
because of fentanyl fentanyl is an
attack on the homeland and China is
doing it apparently intentionally
because they have the ability to stop it
they've had a year to do it they've done
nothing so as commander-in-chief can
president Trump make a unilateral
decision and just say as
commander-in-chief China is something
fentanyl in we're going to stop their
packages and we're going to move our
companies out of there because that
country is essentially attacking us
militarily in the WMD way because the
fentanyl is killing tens of thousands
people here president said a hundred
thousand it's a big number whatever it
is so I say that whether or not the
president technically in a lawyer way
has the power
to order when he did in terms of
countries leaving China are companies
leaving China I'm not sure I care
because here's the thing when it comes
to the job of commander-in-chief the
Constitution was written in and all of
history supports that the reason that
the commander-in-chief is given some
unusual powers is because you don't want
to mess around when it comes to war when
it comes to war you don't want to run a
war by committee you need to put
somebody in place and you trust to take
care of business you trust them to tell
you what they're doing to give you
plenty of warning lots of transparency
which the president is providing he's
given China plenty of time to respond in
a more civilized way just hasn't
happened and now he's taking action now
what if the president is overreaching
well I suppose Congress and the Supreme
Court and the country could get together
and say hey mr. president whoever the
president is in any case you've gone too
far
pull it back a little bit because
remember there are no there are no bombs
being dropped everything that's
happening can be pulled back without too
much problem should the country should
the Congress should the Supreme Court or
some combination of them decide that the
president must pull back but when it
comes to the initial decision it's a
military decision in my opinion so this
is just Scott giving you his opinion
that as a citizen of this country
I want my commander-in-chief to have
wide immediate single power when it
comes to war and defense of the country
in general whether that whether it's a
declared war or an undeclared war or a
terrorist act now for me that would be
enough because the fentanyl situation
makes this a military situation meaning
a defense situation president has broad
powers I don't really care if he has
exactly the authority to order an
American company to leave China I don't
really care if that's quite exactly
legal
I'm okay with having the president have
that kind of power in this kind of
situation as long as we're all watching
right there's there's nothing hidden we
see it we have institutions that can
step in if we think it's going in the
wrong direction I'm okay with that now
in addition to that apparently there's
something called the emergency economic
Powers Act of 1977 and the president
tweeted for all the fake news reporters
that don't have a clue as to what the
law is relative to presidential powers
China etc try looking at the emergency
economic powers of 1977 case closed
says the president in de suite now I'm
no lawyer so I have no idea and I'm sure
if I looked at it I would still have no
idea because you know you have to be a
lawyer to really understand the whole
context of these things but apparently
there's a claim that we have some act in
place that would allow the President to
do this so that would be a little extra
argument but again don't care you know
whether or not this economic Powers Act
of 1977 exactly covers this situation I
would say I don't care and I would say a
lot of citizens don't care and if they
do maybe they should rethink it because
you do want your commander-in-chief to
have wide powers as long as he shows you
his work and as long as you still have
power to implement the rest of the
government to pull it back if there's a
you know public agreement that we should
in this case I say the president should
act and if we don't like it well we can
wrestle with it but I'm okay with the
act the president acting first and see
what that gets us I'm looking I'm trying
to figure out what the president's
critics will say when even even Bernie
Sanders agrees that China is you know
needs a lot of pushback so president
Trump is not that far away from Bernie
Sanders on
so what do you do if you're a Democrat
you have to you have to criticize the
president it is probably the biggest
thing in the world that's happening
right now China in the United States
economic let's say war using that word
loosely and here's a criticism I saw on
Twitter of President Trump in a
situation where the United States
normally would all pull together for
this external enemy they're criticizing
him for where Trump neckties were
manufactured which was China that's it
the president's the worst criticism I'm
seeing is that Trump neckties were I
don't know if they still are
manufactured in China that's it that's
all you've got is the necktie thing this
is the biggest issue in the world and
you're talking about neckties that's it
so that shows you that Trump has an
issue that's a pretty strong one going
into 2020 it's legitimate to I would say
that the president's increased pressure
on China is entirely warranted by the
situation now it has a political
ramification which coincidentally could
be good for the president
or it could be bad depending you know
things go but it looks like it's both
political and necessary here's what I
would tell you about this if you if
you're trying to figure out how much
risk is that economically how much
economic risk is there for the president
going after China as hard as he is and
you know they're they're the half
opinion people the people who are
literally half-wits if you're a half-wit
you'll look at half of a situation
either only the costs or only the
benefits and a lot of half-wits are
looking at the president's actions and
saying hey there's some bad economic
things happening because you're pressing
on China
well that's half the story the other
half that the half-wits just don't talk
about they don't even have an opinion
they don't say good or bad on the other
half which is if you don't push against
your economic competitor you end up just
transferring all of your money to them
because that's what they will demand and
if they're demanding that you transfer
all of your money and your intellectual
property to them you know indirectly
they're demanding that by the nature of
the relationship what's your alternative
just give them everything they want you
at least say that if if you're a
half-wit and the only thing you can see
is that the president's actions are
having a depressing effect on the stock
market at the moment you know short term
if that's all you can talk about and you
can't even say a sentence or reference
you can't even wave your hand at the
fact that the alternative to this is
worse your half-wit you've mastered a
half of a conversation all right so
here's what I would say to look at look
at employment and wages so wage growth
and employment levels are all you need
to look at I'm going to give you a
degree in economics in 30 seconds all
right
this is 80% of everything you need to
know about macroeconomics in 30 seconds
you're going to be the equivalent of a
degree in economics here it is
employment at wage growth will tell you
everything else that's it that's that's
your degree in economics if you're just
following those two things employment
levels and wage growth and they're both
doing well everything else is going to
work well short of some external you
know shock like a war or you know
something like that asteroid but short
of that if you've got super strong
employment levels and you've got wage
growth and we have both of those things
and I saw the Wonka did a tweet I think
yesterday saying that the women in the
United States their employment levels
are just amazing
apparently so women are just killing it
in 2019 just killing it you know you
even better than the men in terms of
employment growth so as long as those
things are looking good
the president's is a pretty solid
situation now I'd like to introduce
again a new segment that I'll be doing
on these periscopes I call it outrage
and theater outrage theater is where
people pick things in the news and
pretend to be outraged on behalf of
other people now in reality I've never
met anybody who was actually outraged at
anything really in person you know I've
certainly met a lot of people in person
who will say oh I wish the President had
said that or this thing was a bad way to
word it or this situation is impractical
and maybe they get a little you know
they get a little bit let's say emotive
when they say it but I've never really
heard anybody who's outraged did
anything you know yeah you could be a
range of fentanyl deaths but yeah you're
not how regional anybody in this country
over it so I'll do I'll pick one piece
of outrage theater which somebody in the
news is actually engaging in and I will
reproduce it for this periscope today
it's economists alms be is that
designers name who was talking about the
president asking whether Jerome Powell
the head of the Fed was a bigger enemy
to the country than China to which the
Democrats say attacking the head of the
Federal Reserve
he's calling him the enemy illa PayPal
see so I'll be mocking one one character
from outraged theatres each of my
periscopes so there's one of the other
the second biggest story of the year the
first story is that the president has
created a a common enemy for the country
in the form of China that's a big big
deal for 2020 the second thing that we
don't know where it's gonna end up yet
but apparently Prager you you know
Prager you there make videos I think
they're all conservative-leaning
and they have a very big footprint on
YouTube or they would accept that
YouTube is suppressing their videos very
much like I imagine my videos the ones
you're seeing which get uploaded to
YouTube and then demonetized instantly
that's right my content is demonetized
automatically nobody even looks at it
it's automatically
demonetized regardless of content now
this is some version of this is
happening to Prager you and they're
taking it to court so apparently this
Tuesday they'll be going to the Ninth
Circuit Court in their lawsuit against
Google and YouTube for restricting over
200 Praeger you videos and they they
tweeted this morning that the mainstream
media continues to ignore this historic
case that's true isn't it I didn't even
know this was going on did you and what
could be more historic than a case
against Google and YouTube for
controlling the election that's a really
big case what it can you imagine if
Prager you winds us now I don't know
what their odds are you know again not a
lawyer I can't I can't put the odds on
this but what if they win because they
might right they might
so if Gregory wins this would it force
Google and YouTube to open their books
or even if it goes to
some kind of a trial is there some part
in this process where Praeger you can
say hey Google
let's see your algorithm because that'll
tell us if you've done something
intentionally they would suppress our
videos
I don't know how Google and you could
YouTube could have a defense in court
without opening up yeah
the discovery process should should give
them access Prager you should give them
some kind of a look I don't know how
you'd manage that given you know given
that there's a privacy issue that's
legitimate I don't know how you manage
that but somebody's gonna look at their
or algorithm and then what because what
happens if Google doesn't show them the
honest algorithm what did the odds let
me ask you this if there were a high
level court case and Google were
required to tell the truth completely
you know all the records all the
algorithm all the the emails relative to
it what if that happens would they tell
the truth I'm gonna make a prediction
they would not I believe that if Google
/youtube it gets cornered in a in a
court case that they will lie to the
court that's a prediction so write this
down that if Google goes to court for
Prager you and it is required to
disclose their records and their
algorithms that they will actually lie
to the court because I'm not sure the
court would know the difference first of
all I don't know if they'd be able to
find and find the error but I'm going to
here's the basis of my addiction I
believe that YouTube would have to lie
because the consequence of getting
caught would be too big and I think that
they will be caught lying because the
lie is too big
there'll be too many people who know
about the lie so there might not be
people in Google who are willing to be
the kind of whistleblower who says yeah
I was in the room where I watched Bob
changed the algorithm so Prager II you
couldn't show up probably we're not
gonna get that kind of a whistleblower
but suppose there's somebody at Google
who's totally in favor of Google they're
not in favor of conservatives whatsoever
they're watching the case and they
notice that their own company Google
just lied to the court hypothetically
I'm not saying that Google has done that
I'm saying I predict that they will do
it I think it would be tough to be an
employee of Google be aware of Google
lying to the court and just sit there on
it I got a feeling that that's the sort
of news that would bubble up so here's
my prediction if Prager you forces
Google to open their algorithm Google
will conceal the truth they will lie
they will omit and they will get caught
that's my prediction okay I don't know
how long it will take might be after
2020 let's talk about goofy Elizabeth
Warren you've seen the the videos of her
dancing in a kind of awkward goofy way
and a lot of a lot of pro-trump people
are using that video as evidence that
she is goofy and she won't get elected
and blow and I can tell you I'm just not
seeing what you're seeing yeah I get
that she's an awkward dancer but do you
think that's gonna matter because what I
see is an energy and I see somebody
getting out of her comfort comfort zone
I see her this is the other thing I was
complimenting Elizabeth Warren on
Twitter yesterday she's really fit you
know that that video of her running you
know we you know turned into a meme and
it was funny and stuff but she's
whatever her ages how old is she and she
ran across the field
like it was nothing and when you see her
on stage it looks like she I don't know
if she lost weight or she's got a
fitness thing going on but she looks
like she's really in good shape and I
gotta say politics aside I always like
to call him somebody who's got the
fitness thing handled because that's
it's a big deal you know
and it's certainly part of her her
ability to be president is is her
physical fitness and she did it well Joe
Biden same thing Joe Biden is in great
shape physically you know mentally is
another question but I like to call that
out as a positive thing but here's my
question to you do you think that women
think Elizabeth Warren looks as goofy as
men do I think we some of the men who
were mocking her might have male goggles
on sort of saying well I wouldn't do
that if I do that that would look weird
but have you ever been in an automobile
with females and somebody turned on the
music what happens if you're in a car
with any kind of adult woman and a good
song comes on that she really likes she
gets us goofy as Elizabeth Warren and
doesn't bother you too much right
there's there's something about getting
goofy to music that is just so American
I don't know if you're looking for that
to be her problem you're gonna have to
look a little deeper because that's not
gonna turn away any votes but it might
make people watch her might say she's
got energy it might it might make people
say hey that's exactly what I do in the
car when I listen to music is what I do
in the shower I don't think that's going
to cost her event likewise I believe
that the Pocahontas thing is exhausted
meaning that if the only if the only
criticism that Trump can come up with
about Warren is that the Pocahontas
thing I'm sorry it's too old it just
aged out
we just got too used to it and it didn't
make any difference to anything she is
still you know in my in my view at the
moment and she would be the the favorite
to get the nomination and all this poke
on his stuff has been following her the
whole time it made no difference no
difference you know and I think this is
a case where at least on that for the
Democrats she she acknowledged that she
thought she was Native American she
acknowledged that it was a mistake
now the Republicans want to push further
and say but you haven't apologized
specifically for preventing someone else
from I don't know getting an opportunity
because your your fake Native American
credentials took somebody's opportunity
but she can't go back in time she can't
go back in time she's apologized to the
Native Americans she is you know she is
identity and a test I would say she's
completely you know removed that mole so
Trump's gonna need a much bigger better
attack than Pocahontas that's fun and
only barely fun I'm not even sure it's
that's fun anymore like just the fun got
drained out of that bite overuse all
right so yours so here's the issue
Elizabeth Warren doesn't have a major
flaw now you can say her policies are
flawed but I'm not sure anybody cares
about policies almost nobody cares about
policies it seems so I suppose you know
they'll be conversation better socialist
policies and the budget and all that but
she doesn't have a major problem
you know Biden has his mental situation
Bernie is also old and he's Bernie he
probably has a cap on what what his
support will ever be but if Warren
decides to pivot toward the middle you
know somebody says you're you're
propping her up it is not my job to tear
her down all right if you're here for a
purely partisan
I'm not really interested all right I'd
rather say here are good points you're
bad points and if you prefer to be a
half-wit looking at only the bad points
of people I'm sure there's a periscope
for you and put this wouldn't be it so
let's admit she's got some strong game
and I also say about one that you know a
year ago yes when I was looking at her a
campaign game Republic speaking game or
just public persona game I said now she
doesn't have it she didn't seem to have
the the the will say the charisma and
the public projection that I thought I
had the gravitas to be president but now
she does so here's the bad news for
those of you who don't like Elizabeth
Warren
she's a learning machine and maybe you
didn't see that coming
but she's learning do you know who isn't
learning
Komal Harris yeah Conley Harris was my
pick a year ago to be the strongest
candidate but it depended on Kabul
Harris improving her game she never did
her game never got good Elizabeth Warren
similarly I thought weak in terms of
just being presidential but in a year
Elizabeth Warren improved her games
Harris did not I don't know if any
anybody else that we're watching it's
done the same thing somebody says so you
have to be careful the people who are
learners because the learners sneak up
on you because you say yeah that one's
no good and then they learn to be good
and then you say whoops didn't see that
coming so if there's anything you can
say about Warren that I think we would
all agree on is she's smart
she's smart
she's a learner you can see a hole you
see her entire history is learning don't
count her out because she can't learn
now I think her weakness might be that
she's going to be too lawyerly to
academic to walkush too boring but she
might learn how to get her way out of
that too so remember her biggest
weakness is that she's boring and Waka
sham librarian like and she won't that
won't look so strong next to trump but
don't expect she can't fix that so be
careful let's talk about the zombie
apocalypse I say this only a little bit
tongue-in-cheek but if you look at the
drug problem plus the mental health
problem which are largely overlapping
quite a bit both the drug problem in the
mental health problem have created a
zombie class we call it homeless because
they happen to not be living indoors in
many cases but it's not really a
homeless problem as dr. Drew has taught
us it's mostly a drug and mental health
problem there's there no or there
insufficient resources to treat people
or they don't want to be treated and so
they prefer to be outdoors so you could
have all the housing in the world and it
wouldn't make much difference because
these are people who don't want to be in
homes they want to take drugs or they
don't know how to handle themselves even
if they had all they have mental
problems so there are more and more
people and I think that the percentage
of the total public that will be in this
category is likely to grow because as as
civilization gets more stressful and
more complicated fewer and fewer people
will be able to cope with just normal
life fewer and fewer people will be able
to I don't know program a computer or
have a job compete with robots compete
with immigrants so we should have a
growing and rapidly growing zombie class
which would be Mental Illness plus-plus
drugs now and Plus you know we've got a
rat problem at cetera now on top of this
I saw that Kanye West built some massive
dome huts on some property he owns in
California as an attempt to try to
design and build this sort of a
prototype low-income homes for the
homeless now here's the problem
apparently they do not meet California
Building Standards or they haven't been
checked out and permanent so they
haven't been permitted and if they don't
get permitted he has to tear them down
because that's law if you build
something without a permit and you can't
get a permit after the fact you have to
tear it down now what are the chances
that these experimental dome structures
meet all of the California Building
Standards well maybe because he had
professionals built it and they would be
aware of all those standards so maybe
they just built it in it's possible I
don't know probably not though probably
not what are the odds that these
particular homes are the solution love
all right the odds of anything being a
solution for a big problem or low it
wouldn't matter what it is doesn't
matter there's Kanye doesn't matter that
the houses are well built or not well
built just in general the odds of
anything making a big difference or kind
of low right but here's the thing
Kanye again being a genius among humans
every time Kanye does something I look
at it and I say you know even if that
doesn't work it's smarter what than what
the other people did here's why Kanye is
working a system he's not he doesn't
have a goal he's got a system and you
can see the system he built a prototype
boat Kanye
built prototypes Kanye has a system do
you think that Kanye believes that the
first thing he builds is gonna be it
that's going to be the end of the the
thing and and he's all done and he
solved homelessness I'll bet not I
haven't talked to him about it
but I'll bet the Kanye thinks in terms
of his system the system in this case is
rich guy has some land tries a prototype
looks at them sees how they work
sees what happens with the permitting
system maybe if it gets permitted he can
put some people in there see what they
like see what they don't like build a
second set alright if you see Kanye
learn something from the first set of
homes and then say all right good we
learned something that's exactly what we
hope to get into this now we're gonna
build a second set then you've got
somebody who's the most important person
in the country in terms of solution it's
very important now I'm assuming that
that's what Connie has in mind is to try
things until he gets something that
works because I imagine that's what he
did with his clothing line do you
imagine that that when Kanye was
designing his sneakers or any of his
clothing line then he made one design on
a napkin and walked out of the room I
doubt it I doubt it you probably had a
system probably had a system of bringing
people in you know focus groups he
probably you know iterated lots of
different designs I imagine so I it
looks like he's taking the same systems
thinking game into this homeless arena
now as I said I don't I don't know that
the problem with Louis the homelessness
in LA in Portland etc I don't know that
that homeless this really requires a
hope but what we do know is that there
are plenty of people who are on the edge
who don't have mental illness and don't
have a drug problem who can't afford a
home and so he's certainly filling in a
you know he's going after a very very
very important
area even if it doesn't solve the
homeless problem in LA for example so
three cheers for Kanye weather his dome
Hut's get ripped down by the mean old
California government or not he builds
something Kanye built something he did
something what did you do all right what
do you do today how did you help the
homeless today probably nothing
so yesterday I was talking to Bill Polti
and a gentleman that had just met bill
who is an expert on low-income housing
and government programs that actually
support low-income building which I
didn't even know existed so we're
watching now bill pulled a through
partly through his blight Authority
stuff and partly through his efforts as
internet philanthropy in general has now
created energy remember I always talked
about energy being more important than
the details so bill Polti has now
created all this energy and that is
drawing resources to him sort of the
flame strategy where you know the Maw's
are attracted to the flame so now bill
Polti because of all the energies
greater novels I was attracted an expert
who has exactly the kind of expertise
they would need if you want to do
something with some blighted land that's
been cleared now will though will that
turn into anything now who knows I'm
just tell you that the the general idea
of creating energy around something that
needs some energy it's a really good
system and that's what what pulled a
stir all right I guess Joe Biden and his
daily gaffe was that he posed the
hypothetical question during the speech
what if Obama had been assassinated and
everybody just said Biden maybe you
should speak class are you seeing
anybody on the Democrat side who really
is excited about Biden
all the reporting says that nobody is
excited about him and that they're just
waiting for something to happen now the
other the other interesting story is
that apparently Ruth Bader Ginsburg has
been treated successfully for her to the
third cancer details don't matter so
much she's 86 but so she's wobbly but
apparently out of immediate danger now
how effective is she in 86 like really
you know I get that the Supreme Court is
a lifetime appointment but don't you
think we should have don't we don't you
think we should also have an age limit
I get lifetime appointment but I feel as
though there still needs to be a maximum
age maybe 80 you know can I just toss
that out I don't know what it would take
is that a constitutional change but
maybe 80 is old enough right
now I realize that their clerks do a lot
of work and you know that it's not like
the 80 year old is pounding out you know
a lot of work but Oh 86
doesn't feel like a functioning Supreme
Court justice to me and I wouldn't care
if she were a conservative or or liberal
I'm just saying that 86 86 is too old
I'm sorry and there's something very sad
going on which is imagine the pressure
that Ruth Bader Ginsburg is on to not
retire now I don't know what's in her
head it could be that Ruth Bader
Ginsburg doesn't want to retire for her
own reasons she may say no I plan to die
in this job and I'm doing good things
for the world etc but it feels to me
like maybe she might be influenced by
other people to try to stay in there
until Trump his head of office so if she
stays in there another six years
she'll be 92 do you want a 90
two-year-old let's say Trump gets
reelected do you want a 92 year old on
the Supreme Court
man I don't not even a little bit so I
feel sorry for for Ruth Bader Ginsburg
because I think she's you know she
should be concentrating on her family
and herself and her health and you know
just sort of enjoying her final years I
just don't think it's fair to torture
her this way by it's just a lot of
responsibility put on somebody who's
been a good public servant to all their
life you know I had the same problem
invitin with Biden's at some point
younger people have a responsibility to
act kindly to people have reached a
certain age and I think that applies to
Biden and begins birth all right that's
what I got to say about all this stuff
yeah they don't have much to say oh I
saw something really interesting here's
like a bonus topic this is an update to
something I hark back to now on that
back in the early 90s or mid 90s I guess
probably closer to the mid or late 90s I
guess I wrote a book called the Dilbert
future and I made a prediction and the
prediction got me in so much trouble it
was it was the first time I had the the
anger of the mob against me there were
articles written calling me a for
years just years of being just shat upon
for this prediction and the prediction
was that the theory of evolution would
be rethought in scientific terms in my
lifetime that we would we would have a
different opinion of evolution sometime
before I died now of course all the
people who were afraid that you don't
want people to think it's a religious
explanation and they
God did it so all the scientific people
were guarding against you know the the
barbarians at the gate
rubies threw me under the bus with the
creationists labeled me a creationist
I'm not even a believer much less a
creationist you'd have to be at least be
a believer before you could also be a
creationist but I'm not I'm neither of
those things
well articles were written all over the
place about how a most secret
creationist and intelligent design
believer and none of that's true so that
was my first massive experience with
fake news in which an entirely fake
persona of me was created and then
criticized by a lot of different people
a lot of people it was a big big deal
for years in my life and now there are
I'm counting at least three different
theories the challenge evolution as we
know it one of them of course is
simulation theory so if we're a software
simulation created by just another
civilization of intelligent beings well
that doesn't look like evolution but it
doesn't it doesn't answer the question
how did the original beings get created
but it pushes back you know our story
from us being things which evolved into
software that got created so that's one
theory
now I'm not saying that's true it's a
trillion to one likely but I'm not
saying it's true here's another one so
Eric Weinstein was talking about this
today yesterday on Twitter so there's
you know need to know the details but
there's somebody who's a genuine genius
a math kind of person who looked at
evolution and said the statistics don't
work the math doesn't work there's no
way that random activity could have
gotten to you what you got now you're
saying to yourself okay that sounds like
the same story that the intelligent
design people have been saying forever
but apparently he's adding something to
it that smarter people recognize as
being at least worth unless
now he's not a religious guy so he's not
saying you should discount evolution
because it was probably God or
intelligent sigh he's now saying
anything like that he's just looking at
the math he's saying I'm sorry I'm sort
of a math expert I'm looking at the math
I'm looking at the statistics it there's
no explanation for how this could have
happened I don't know the details you
don't need to know so someone who's
smart is Eric Weinstein looked at that
argument and said I'm you know
paraphrasing Eric's opinion so am I
getting a little bit wrong but
essentially he said it's worth a look
so that's another theory that's out
there that people are looking at and
saying maybe maybe this maybe evolution
wasn't exactly what we thought was but
that I heard a new one today or
yesterday that I've never heard and it's
so it's hilariously as simple as an
alternative to evolution and by the way
as far as I know the next thing I'm
gonna say has been totally debunked but
I haven't read it so I'm just gonna
throw it out there for fun all right
just for fun I'm not saying this is true
or credible there's a biologist I'm not
sure who else who said that part of the
explanation and maybe not maybe all of
it for evolution might be hybrids
meaning instead of a horse evolving over
millions of years to be you know a dog
or whatever I don't think that's real
but instead of one species just evolving
over millions of years into another
species this one scientific person says
you know what about hybrids now a hybrid
would be for example a horse and a mule
mating and creating a donkey
no a donkey is neither horse nor a mule
but the problem is that the donkey can't
reproduce so that's what a hybrid is so
if the new thing can't reproduce well
somebody said that explains small well
okay that was a pretty funny comment so
anyway this idea that the hybrids so
this site the scientific minded person
who were saying that we are wrong the
hybrids can't reproduce so one of the
most basic things you thought about
hybrids as well it's the horse and the
mule will have a baby and it's a donkey
and the donkey can't have can't mate
with another donkey and created another
donkey so that's the end of the line so
that can't be an explanation for
anything but it turns out that most
hybrids can reproduce did you know that
I didn't know that it's the first time
I've heard it so most hybrid is not not
donkeys
apparently donkeys can never reproduce
but other animals and creatures mating
against across species apparently can
produce a hybrid between the two of them
that can actually mate with other
hybrids or other things I suppose so the
the idea is that natural selection per
se is was not the only or not the main
driver of evolution but rather it was
different species having babies that
could then also reproduce it's kind of
the shortcut to a new species right do
donkey still try I love that question
so donkeys are infertile but somebody
says but do donkeys still try a B you
know this is donkey gonna get a go
editor yes can somebody let the poor
donkey at least you know give it a whirl
seems cruel to the donkey you don't
don't let it at least try hey you know
your odds are not very good but give it
a try yeah somebody's talking about the
liger the tiger and the lion combination
so I can't assign any level of
credibility to the idea of the hybrids
have anything to do with evolution I
simply note that in the years since I
said that actual scientists would start
questioning and overturned our
understanding of evolution that first of
all there was one major change to
evolution already you may not be aware
of it but originally the evolution
experts said that there was some long
slow gradual change of species except
when we look at the fossil records that
doesn't seem to be exactly the case it
seems that there were periods where
there was a whole bunch of evolution and
then periods where it was you know
things kind of at acting slowly at least
within species so if you look at ones
one line of evolution you see it was
like slow so so slow and then something
changed a lot and then slow again and
then that was not explained it was even
Jay Gould I believe if I have that right
scientists very respected who came up
with the punctuated equilibrium idea the
idea that there were periods in time
that a lot of evolution happened so it
was never a long slow gradual thing it
was long as slow lots of times but them
to be these short periods where lots of
evolution happen and that was a complete
change to the evolution that I learned
when I was a kid because I thought it
was gradual but apparently there was
something happened this sped things up
and I'm not sure we know exactly why we
also used to think in the the survival
of the fittest that the most fit species
were the ones that survived and it
evolved but that's been thrown out the
door as well now I don't know if I'm not
sure if Darwin actually used survival of
the fittest
that might have been added after the
fact but to the degree that we learned
that in school when I was a kid well it
was debunked it's not survival of the
fittest do you know what it was so the
current view of evolution is it's
survival of the things that survived for
whatever reason so lots of times their
survival just because by luck you're on
an island and you don't have any
predators so you weren't the fittest on
the island you were just the only one on
the island so fitness you could actually
be totally unfit for the island but
there's nobody there to eat you and you
got enough food and so you're fin enough
so it went from survival the fittest -
well something survived for a variety of
reasons which is very different from how
I learned it so I'm going to say that my
prediction from the 90s
the most dangerous thing I ever did for
my career started to look a little
better it's all I'm saying all right
according to the New York Times
evolution was built on us slavery you
know that's I know you're joking when
you say that because the New York Times
says this framework role there which I
call hoax 5 where everything is being
thrown into the racism narrative but I
believe that views on you know who is
who was superior and all that actually
did have an impact on at least slavery
in terms of the rationalization on it
all right
see James Tours
origins lections well if they're
intelligent design I'm not sure I want
to see though it was fun
Epstein was into genetic manipulation
was he Ann Coulter wrote the same thing
what did she write was she writing about
evolution or about
all right well that's all I have to say
and I won't talk to you all tomorrow