hey everybody come on in come on in it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams I
guarantee that this will be the I don't
know I think I'm I'm safe to say this
this will be the best coffee with Scott
Adams all
day
guaranteed and if you'd like to enjoy it
to the maximum potential what do you
need well you need a cuper Mugger glass
a tanker chaler Stein a canteen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the dop me of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous zp and it
happens now
go yeah better every
time well what's in the news shall we
look there's a Gallup poll out that says
that the current breakdown of
Republicans Democrats and Independence
looks like this Republicans only
25% of the public says they are
Republicans
now and only 31% say they're Democrats
now what's the big number now
Independents 41% are
Independents so it turns out that it's
become embarrassing to become a
Republican or a Democrat that's right
it's actually
embarrassing to say you're a member of
either party according to these numbers
because it seems that The Independents
have swelled in size so only 25% GOP but
41% Independence now of course the
independence are all fake you know that
right there's no such thing as an actual
independent they are actually
Republicans a effectively the way they
vote or they are actually just Democrats
effectively the way they vote so uh I
think this just tells us that we've
embarrassed each other to the point
where we're no longer we're no longer uh
willing to say what we are out
loud at least 41% of the
people would prefer it that
way uh on the super bad news we're up to
400,000 deaths from covid
uh if you were one of the people who
early on in the pandemic said I think
this is just the regular
flu is there anybody out there who said
I think this is just the regular flu or
no worse than the regular
flu have any of you changed your minds
because I'm kind of curious about that
it used to be every time I went on
social media there would be you know one
of the biggest uh categories of topics
where people debunking the pandemic
because it's not
real
but oh okay I'm answering with the
question I was going to get to I
answered it before I asked it I was
going to ask how many people could look
at this now and still think that it's
not a real
pandemic and I'm looking in the comments
and there a tremendous number of you
think that that it's all still made up
that it's not
real all right we're in a very bad place
people when we can't tell if we're in a
pandemic or
not I would say that's as bad as you
could get in terms of the reliability of
your
information suppose you lived in a
country where the news on both sides was
actually attempting to be objective what
if both the left and the right told you
oh it's a real pandemic it's this one's
real would you believe it I don't know
we're at a point where nobody believes
anything in the news anymore doesn't
matter if your side says it or the other
side says it uh somebody says there's no
flu this year yeah now it could be that
there's no apparent flu this year
because the social distancing is so good
and maybe the regular flu is not as
aerosol and spread as Co is so would
that explain it or my hypothesis that
the regular flu was never killing
anybody anyway and that they scare you
to take the
vaccinations but you've never met
anybody in your whole life whoever died
from the regular
flu I'm 63 years old never even heard of
anybody dying of the flu the regular flu
but 400,000 people I've heard of dying
of this one and I've heard of real
people with real names that you know
people I know that people know them Etc
who have died just this year so I'm
pretty sure the pandemic's real people
if you're still in the camp that this is
all an artifact of bad data I feel like
400,000 reported deaths would be about
the time you should change your
mind I don't think you will because
that's not how cognitive dissonance
works but and somebody says old people
die all right now let me take the
counter point to
that uh there's an estimate out of the
UK I don't know how Dependable this is
probably not terribly but it says that
half or two-thirds of the deaths in the
UK are people who would have died that
year anyway they would have died that
year anyway was that going to be a good
year for
them is is the final year of your life
is that a good
one well you know that's subjective of
course but if you're looking at how many
people are dying from this is it fair to
say that the ones who are going to die
that year anyway don't count as much as
somebody dying when they're 15 for
example now that's one of those things
you're not supposed to say out loud but
we all intuitively think the 15
year-old you don't want to say is worth
more because that's a that's not a place
you want to go to but you could
certainly say they have more life left
they have more to contribute blah blah
blah blah blah they may not be loved any
more than the 81y old all right but I
but I think it is fair to consider when
you're looking at deaths that not all
deaths are the same and in a very real
way if we were making the decisions
ourselves let's say let's say you had to
make a decision for your family members
and somebody has to Die the the teenager
or the 90y old well you'd pick the 90y
old every time right so we all we're all
on the same page there so it's hard to
it's hard to get a number that makes
sense for this because 400 400,000
deaths what if what if 300,000 of them
were going to die anyway in a
year could happen all
right have you noticed there's always
this guy on Twitter and and you're going
to recognize this guy as soon as I say
it so um this guy who I'll refer to him
generically as just this guy there's
always this guy if you bring up
Lincoln's
assassination there will be a bunch of
comments in your thread but one of them
will always be from this guy and this
guy will say
Scott Lincoln's death was a tragedy to
his family let's just joke about that
huh to which I say no this guy there's
always this guy who thinks it's too
soon sometimes there are situations
which can be part tragic but there's a
part of it that's not tragic might even
be positive paired with something tragic
if I say that something tragic happened
say Lincoln was
assassinated that doesn't mean you need
to go into my Twitter feed and tell me
that there was some bad news associated
with his assassination and that I should
consider that a little bit more
we don't need that guy that guy can
retire because I will take it as a
stipulation that should I mention
anything which also has a tragedy as
part of it that the tragedy still counts
even if there's something else to talk
about the tragedy part still counts that
guy so I'm talking to you that guy you
just don't need to tell me every single
tweet that something bad happened to
too don't be that guy
um I wonder if controversial police
shootings are going to be done for a
while I wonder if a Biden Administration
will change the nature of what news gets
promoted to the top of the pile because
you know those are those are individual
choices they're not just because the
news sometimes the news is so big that
of course it's the headline but most of
the time the news is what the news
people decide to talk about they could
be talking about I'll just pick a topic
the fact that a lot of researchers think
that micro doing LSD could be an end to
mental illness problems at least for
some large number of
people that's a really big
story but it's nothing but a tweet and a
minor story today because the new the
people who make the news have decided
that's not a story to me if I were the
one making the news and I got to decide
what you talked about that'd be right
near the top of the list imagine that
there's an existing chemical widely
available basically close to free it's
so cheap to make LSD and that it might
solve most of the mental health problems
in this
country that's actually what's being
talked about by people who are looking
into it that it's so powerful it might
be one of the most amazing miracle cures
actual cure of some of the biggest
problems in the country not even news
it's an article it's it just an article
but if somebody dies in a police
shooting that has some ambiguity boom
it's a headline it's a big thing so
always understand that the news is not
because the news is necessarily the
important stuff it's the stuff that the
people who bring you the news have
decided they want to be front and center
in your brain so it's a programming
decision not of you ever hear this word
programming when uh they talk about TV
schedules and what segments are in those
schedules they talk about that as
programming well you thought that they
were programming their show and in a
sense they are but they're actually
programming your brain because what they
put in the front of your brain
figuratively speaking the front the
thing that you think about the most
becomes your reality things that you
don't think about are not your reality
even though they are your reality
they're they're not part of your
subjective reality you're not thinking
about them so the news is programming
you directly and
intentionally it's not an accident when
they say this will be your top story
they're saying I'm going to put that in
the top of your brains and I'm going to
make everybody in the country think
about this that's just programming
that's programming of your brain it
changes the actual physical structure
structure just like every experience
does of your brain and they do that
intentionally and daily and in you know
in a way that affects you know
billions so I'm wondering if the number
of controversial police shootings might
be exactly the same because I don't know
that anything has really changed right
we haven't come up with any great ideas
for making you know questionable
shootings go away that hasn't happened
so if we see a a great reduction in what
in the apparent number of them that
would be another clue that your news
industry is really a propaganda industry
so look for that unless there's
something you can identify that's
different about how the police forces
are handling situations which also might
be the case but if you hear that nothing
big is different in terms of police
work but the number of weird shootings
and controversial ones goes down
that's probably because the propaganda
engine made a decision just keep an eye
on that Senator Graham Lindsey Graham
has called on Chuck Schumer to uh
dismiss the impeachment articles against
Trump and the Senate so that they
wouldn't have a senate trial and Lind
Graham says because it will quote incite
further division now when you say incite
further division is that much different
than inciting violence well it is you
know it's tactically different inciting
division is not exactly the same as in
inciting violence but is there any uh
adult who thinks that if you were to
incite further division in our current
environment that it would not likely
cause just common sense likely cause a
higher risk of death Andor violence of
course of course they are related if not
exactly the same
so inciting division isn't inciting
violence but in our current environment
it's going to end up being the same
would you agree that that's a fair
statement now we don't know it's not
guaranteed that there will be any
violence but if you've lived in the real
world it would be reasonable to expect
there would be how is what Schumer is
doing today any different than what
president Trump did when the capital was
being uh assaulted
uh in terms of his rhetoric and not
saying enough to stop it is it
functionally different cuz I don't see
it is different what I see right now is
uh is uh Schumer and the rest of the
Senate the Democrats in the Senate doing
actively right now like right now as I'm
talking are committing the crime or
offense if you will the offense that
they want to impeach the president for
actually doing the same offense right
now while I'm
talking and nobody wants to sort of
bring up the
obvious that Schumer you're doing the
impeachable
offense right
now how do you argue against that is
there any is there anybody who's a
Democrat who's going to say no Scott no
doing things you are that even both
sides would agree would be
divisive that doing these things that we
all agree are divisive during a moment
when there's a match and a bunch of
gasoline all gathering in Washington DC
immediately after we saw that same
situation escalate out of control so we
don't have to wonder if it could cuz it
just
did how in the world does Schumer
justify this I think has to be impeached
if he goes ahead with it and there's any
violence and I think the Republicans
should tell them that upfront they
should say look you have every right to
pursue this the Constitution allows it
but we're telling you with complete
confidence this will lead to
violence do you accept that
responsibility now of course they'll say
no and we have to do this anyway and
blah blah blah blah blah but it's the
same state standard if the Republicans
don't nail them to the floor to make
them stick to their own standard which
means impeaching Schumer the moment he's
done or actually the moment he starts
the moment Schumer starts the
impeachment Lindsey Graham should
introduce or whoever should uh in the
house I guess introduce uh articles of
impeachment and they should be dead
serious about it and they should play it
like they are not kidding because if the
standard is that Trump's rhetoric caused
incitement of violence and I think it's
a reasonable it's a reasonable argument
in my opinion then you just have to use
the same standard or you've got to treat
them the same that won't happen but it
should
happen um so the Democrats have a new
slogan it's not really as
catchy uh make America great again
pretty good because it's short enough
and it's catchy makes a good acronym
Mega president Trump really knew how to
do branding but uh Biden's new slogan I
don't know I think it needs a little
work I'll tell you what it is then you
see maybe we could tighten this up a
little bit but his new slogan goes like
this America First except when getting
revenge on Republicans or if let's say
China wants
something so it's a little longer four
words for make America great again that
feels like about the maximum number of
words you want in a slogan but I mean
this is something to work with America
First except when getting revenge on
Republicans or if let's say China wants
something I don't I don't think he has
the X Factor I feel like they should
work on that a little bit
more uh build back
better not any better than this
really all
right Jake Tapper refers to the uh
doubts about the election as the big lie
it's the big lie that the election was
stolen uh that would be Jake tapper's
call on it but here's the thing if the
news people who are uh not just
reporting and giving you their opinion
but they're offended if you look at Jake
Tapper he looks like he is personally
bothered by this stuff he's offended
he's outraged and you can see the
emotion on his face and when he talks
about people doubting the election
integrity as the big lie it sounds like
something he cares about quite a bit
because he he does talk about it a lot
and he puts a lot of emotion into it or
at least apparent emotion I can't read
his mind but looks like emotion so he
cares about this issue a
lot you know what he doesn't
mention improving election transparency
for next time it's weirdly missing don't
you think cuz somebody who cares this
much about this topic of people doubting
the election outcome
you would feel that that same person who
really thinks this is a big big issue
and it is it is would also be roughly
equally as interested in making sure it
didn't happen again and yet everything
we know about our current system
guarantees it will happen again because
it still isn't transparent and I don't
see any big effort to make it so
so it's interesting that you'd be
offended by something you don't want to
fix or at least don't talk about fixing
it's just missing is all I'm
saying uh Morning Joe has decided to go
after
Facebook so I guess Ma and Joe were they
were uh screeching at Mark Zuckerberg on
the show today and I think Mica said you
need to be you are pathetic talking
about Zuckerberg you uh talking about
him not to him you need to be shut down
nobody needs what you have to offer you
have destroyed this country now here's
the most interesting part nobody needs
what you have to
offer that feels like a true statement
when was the last time you went to
Facebook and got something you
needed I can't think of any time
because you know I can put pictures in a
lot of different places and I can share
them a lot of different
ways
um I just don't know what Facebook is
for and I I would say most of my
Facebook friends have unfriended me
since the age of Trump so I only have
you know like I'll go to check to see if
something about my stepdaughter is there
or see if Christina posted anything and
see if there's any comments but
otherwise I don't even know what the
point of Facebook is like every day I
wake up and I say is there a reason for
me to use Facebook a billion people are
using it I feel as though I feel as
though if a billion people are using
something every day I feel like I ought
to be using that and I can't think of
any reason now I can think of good
reasons to use Twitter Twitter you know
has a you know can get you exposure if
you're in the political world your
opinion can be spread
Etc but if you want to do those things
do you need Facebook I mean using a uh a
photo album for your political
conversation just feels like the wrong
tool anyway at least to Twitter feels
like exactly the right tool for this
stuff so when I go to Twitter or
anything like Twitter it feels like at
least I'm doing something useful effect
you know or
potentially uh but it's interesting to
see the left go off on Facebook and
Facebook is one of the few things that
I've have not invested in that have a
monopoly position because I can't really
understand Facebook just I just don't
get it to me Facebook is like uh do you
remember the uh
derivatives uh uh what was it a bubble
the big derivatives bubble that took out
2009's
economy remember Warren Buffett would
look at the derivatives and he'd say uh
I don't get why anybody would own these
things these look dangerous so he didn't
do it it's a say I just don't understand
why people use Facebook other than
they're sort of addicted I guess U looks
like Biden's going to shut the key
Keystone project down here's the
question I would ask and you should look
for this do you think you'll see any
reporting on the left about the number
of jobs that will be
lost bet not do you think you'll see any
reporting on the left about the impact
of making a deal with your most trusted
international trading partner and then
just breaking it because we have a deal
with Canada and Canada spent a whole
bunch of money to get ready for their
end of the Keystone project as I
understand it and now that they're all
worked up and excited about it we're
going to yank it away from them even if
you think we should yank it away from
them for environmental
reasons that's a tough
decision if you want to be that country
who can make a deal and then just cancel
it on your your closest trading partner
Canada that's you got to really know
that you want this to do that I saw
somebody comment on this and saying yeah
it's bad in the short run with jobs and
whatnot but in the long run it will save
people
hardships to which which I think mean
and I think the larger point was fossil
fuels if you reduce them you'll save
people hardships in the long run to
which I say even the green new people
Green New Deal people don't say that the
most official un sanctioned prediction
of what will happen if we don't reduce
our fossil fuels is that our rate of
growth will be a little less than
spectacular our rate of growth will
still be spectacular over the next 80
years but it'll be a little less than it
could have been that's the official
number so anybody who is reading the
news and thinks that fossil fuels will
lead to Greater hardship doesn't even
know what the official Green New Deal
friendly people are saying they're not
saying anything you remotely like that
they're saying things will be terrific
in the Future No Matter What but a
little less terrific than they could
have been
economically that's the official thing
and by the way if if you're here in that
and saying what I thought everybody said
it's going to be the end of the world in
12 years nobody official said that you
know you've heard it reported in the
news but there are no official bodies
working on any of this full of experts
who say anything like that the only
officials who are experts in the green
New Deal even the ones who say it's the
worst case scenario are saying it's just
that's a little difference in 80 years
you'll hardly notice it actually you
wouldn't notice it not hardly notice it
you wouldn't notice it at all all based
on the actual projections the official
ones but we still need to take it
seriously my my opinion on climate
change if you haven't heard it before is
that there's probably something real
there that we do need to pay attention
to but I think we are and we're paying
enough attention to it that over 80
years will be fine but we do need to pay
attention to it all right so somebody
else got banned by Twitter rep new
representative marjerie tellor green for
saying a bunch of things that Twitter
believes not to be true enough I guess
and violated their terms of service
specifically the uh election Integrity
stuff and I guess anything that would
have suggested that he violence would be
violation of the terms of service but
it's not clear what exactly she said
they got her banned however this caught
my
attention that they she's being smeared
on CNN for her prior uh conspiracy
theories according to them so she was a
believer in pizzagate apparently
reportedly so that's not a good look um
but she also claimed according to CNN
incorrectly that the uh Charlottesville
fine people rally uh was an Insider job
some kind of inside job false flag kind
of thing now there's no reporting to
confirm that right so that would be a
baseless
claim so the way the news reports
baseless claims is that they're proven
not to be true which is not what
baseless means baseless means that you
don't have evidence it doesn't mean
you've proven it didn't happen they're
very different things so let me
acknowledge that I'm not aware of any
evidence that would suggest the
Charlottesville thing was an inside job
but I will give you some
context take another example of right
leaning people doing something and Mass
let's say the attack on the capital that
happened the assault on the capital what
are we watching happen with each of the
identities of the people who assaulted
the capital well we're watching each one
of them because they didn't have masks
for the most part we're watching each
one of them being identified easily
easily identified and then being
ostracized or you know there might be
some legal ramifications
Etc do you remember uh what happened
after the sh lville uh find people march
do you remember how similar it was with
all the uh all the facial recognition
being used on all the photographs
because they didn't have masks remember
they were all just right out there do
you remember how all of those people who
were marching were uh tracked down and
then were lots of stories and interviews
about their individual cases so that you
could see that they were real real
Americans who just organically uh got
together with leaders but got together
and that this was uh an actual
legitimate
March that didn't happen did
it interesting years later we don't know
anything about any of the people who
marched in Charlottesville and yet we
still have we still have facial
recognition software if you have their
photographs you can just run it against
the photograph it's that easy and it
works so why is it we don't know all the
names of those Charlottesville people
now I'm not saying there's any evidence
whatsoever that it's any kind of inside
job or anything I'm just saying that's a
big notable difference isn't it now uh
somebody says there were actors I don't
think they were actors per se but don't
you feel as
if if one situation you're digging down
to find the actual identities of these
people and the other one you just don't
do any of it
it's kind of a
question isn't it I'll just put it out
there as a
question all right bunch of Pardons
coming according to the news might be a
hundred pardons coming and they're
probably all all going to make people
mad you know there's nothing to this
pardon story
except if it's if it's legal for the
president to do it it's always going to
look sketchy now will will trumps look
sketchier than others probably probably
because Trump will just take a bigger
risk than other people will he'll go far
you know he just takes everything a
little bit farther so yeah he will be
more controversial I'm not saying I
agree with any of them or disagree with
any of them because I I'm not going to
look into them but I think we either
have to live with it or change that rule
that presidents can do it but
complaining about it isn't going to help
us too
much um here's another question about
the dog not
barking if if you believe that the
assault on the capital was inspired by
qanon um let's say conspiracy theory
type stuff why are we not currently
obsessed with finding out who was
sending the most recent qanon messages
let's say recent over the last couple
years why don't we want to know who they
are and can you tell me that with our
NSA that cont trct basically any digital
communication are you telling me that
our government our intelligence agencies
don't know who was sending the Q andon
messages seriously we don't know who
that is now my understanding is that the
way Q started was more of a you know fun
hoax it was a little bit more for
entertainment a little bit for
persuasion but the people originally
involved reportedly I don't know what
credibility put on any of the Q stuff
but reportedly it might be run by
different people who originally started
it don't know but why in the
world are we not even asking that
question as the number one question if
we believe as the news has told us that
the the two let's say the two causes of
the uh or maybe three three causes of
the assault on the capital were what the
president
said what Q
said and what various you know news and
social media people said so those were
the forces that caused it we're talking
obsessively about what Trump said and
should that's fair
conversation why aren't we talking about
who how Q is and how close we are to
finding
Q is that is that a little bit missing
to you here's a general
statement over the long term you should
expect intelligence agencies to get
control of anything that matter
matters that's it in the long run in the
short run you can't tell if it's
happened yet but in the long run it
should be 100% predictable that
intelligence agencies either your own
country or somebody else's will get
control of anything that's important
because that's what they
do that's what they do they get control
of anything that's important because if
they don't they're not a very good
intelligence agency so one of the things
that intelligence agency would want to
control in the past we know this is
Hollywood movies so you see a lot of
patriotic movies when the intelligence
agencies want to beef up the you know
the feeling in the United States about
who we are and our patriotism
Etc to get people to join the military
Etc so we know that the intelligence
agencies want to have control over
enough of the media that their
messages can uh get to the top why would
the intelligence agencies not want to
control
Q why would they not want to control
social
media do you think that social media is
not already controlled by intelligence
agencies I'm not saying they are I'm
saying that if they're not they will be
there isn't I don't think there's any
way that can not happen in the long run
now it just depends how long you wait
because if you assume that they're all
trying to get control of of course
they're trying if we if we are not
trying to get control meaning our
intelligence agencies are not trying to
get control of other Count's social
media platforms and
communication what are they
doing you know maybe they should be
trying because I feel like that's pretty
basic to the job is controlling the
message and the communication so I have
no reason to believe that Q is uh
controlled by any intelligence agencies
I'm just saying that if Q continued on
for let's say a few decades it would
happen
guaranteed you just don't know which
intelligence agency would do it you'd
hope it would be your own all right
um so apparently the pentagons fearing
there could be an Insider attack at the
Biden Inauguration in other words
somebody involved with the police or the
National Guard who maybe uh is not there
to just guard things but might be a bad
actor who gets in side and apparently at
least you know we've seen some
ex-military people who are part of the
capital assault and at least one
National Guard reservist who had some uh
sounded like some uh cou like intentions
so I would say this is a reasonable fear
but here's the fear on top of the
fear do you know how you end up with a
secret army like the Revolutionary
guard it's this way this is the path
toward a uh some kind of a
dictatorship now I don't think Biden is
necessarily intending to be a dictator
I'm just saying that if you had a
dictator and they wanted to become like
a dictator for Life the number one thing
you do is say you know the people
guarding me are not as loyal as they
should be that's how it
starts and then what do you do well how
about I select a handpicked group of
people that will be my more immediate
protection let's say just in Washington
DC and then how big does that group end
up getting because they would have the
the group guarding the president would
have to have more power than the
military at least in terms of you know
who's got control of a certain situation
because otherwise they couldn't guard
the President right the hardest the
highest priority is guarding the
president uh so they would have to have
more Authority than any other military
over them so that's how you get to a
secret a secret army and that's how you
end up with a with a dictatorship you
can't have a coup unless you also have
that loyal loyal core Army right Castro
could take over Cuba because he brought
an army with him that was loyal to him
you know George Washington can take over
the country because he brought an army
with him that was loyal to him so
without that loyal Army you can't really
stage a coup and as soon as I hear the
beginning of well maybe we should only
have Democrats in our in our guarding
the capital if there's a Democrat
president like every every uh little
alarm goes off in my head it's like uh
the minute you're you're being that
selective about who's guarding the
president that's a big problem but on
the other hand
it could be that since the National
Guard will never really morph into any
kind of a you know I don't see the
National Guard ever morphing into a a
revolutionary guard situation so I don't
think it's a big risk at the moment but
just talking about that sort of opens
the door for that secret army situation
some president in the future I'd worry
about the future not so much now all
right um I guess parlor is the
competitor or wannabe competitor Twitter
got shut down because their servers got
turned off by Amazon because and then
Apple dropped them from the App Store
Etc they think they're they have a plan
to get back online but I don't know but
apparently here's what's interesting
there's a uh conservative leaning they
call it rightwing uh web hosting firm
called epic Eep p i k and parlor is
apparently going to move their hosting
to this right-wing hosting place to
which I say to myself okay great now
we're going to have two
internets we're going to have two
internets one for the right and one for
the left
terrific what what could be less uniting
than two internets because we're heading
in that direction but isn't it nice to
know that the free market has delivered
a an alternative to Amazon
and if epic turns out to be you know a
solid company and dependable why would
you ever put your contact your content
anywhere else because they do have a
pretty massive competitive Advantage if
if the only thing they're offering is we
won't ban you from the
service that is a real good competitive
advantage in a world in which uh at
least a third of the country or so is
worried about getting banned and you
don't have don't want to have to redo
your whole hosting situation it's a it's
a mass
so epic might be an amazing situation I
don't know if they're a public
company uh but if they're not maybe they
will be
soon I said on Twitter earlier and this
requires some explanation I said that
you'll get farther in life by learning
to spot than you will by
learning to spot
opportunity you'll give further learning
to identify other people people's
lies then you will identifying
opportunities for yourself here's why
opportunities are everywhere if you miss
one there'll be another one we live we
live in a world in which there are tons
of opportunities you know tons if you
build your talent stack you know wisely
you can you can manage your your
abilities your skills to have lots of
opportunities but if you do something
that uh blows up on you and just sets
you back for years you're in bad trouble
so learning to not uh fall for other
people's
lives can keep you safe while
opportunities are coming by all the time
so you don't need to be an expert at
spotting opportunities there will be
plenty of them but you do need to be
good at not following into falling into
a hole you can't get out of and that's
the part about was spotting the the bad
ideas you know the bad Investments the
the the worst of the worst so that's
that's my take you can think about that
for a while but learn to spot BS as your
a sort of a base
skill uh if you want to be better at it
you should look at my book loser think
which helps you do that all right um CNN
is tweeting Oliver Darcy at CNN is
tweeting uh about somebody else on there
Alex Stamos who was saying quote we're
going to have to figure out the oan and
Newsmax
problem what did you know there was an
oan and
Newsmax
problem well the problem according to
CNN and Alex
Stamos um is that they're reporting fake
news basically and he says these
companies have freedom of speech but I'm
not sure we need Verizon AT&T and
Comcast and such bringing them into tens
of millions of homes so he's questioning
you and if you didn't know this um these
entities travel over you know public
networks Etc and he's saying maybe they
shouldn't um and then Dary says in his
tweet just a reminder that neither
Verizon or AT&T nor Comcast have
answered any questions about why they
beam channels like oan and Newsmax into
millions of homes do they have any
second thoughts about Distributing these
channels given their election denialism
content they won't
say so CNN is actually reporting with a
straight face that maybe their
competition oan and Newsmax should be
banned from the internet for having said
something that CNN believes is not
true there's a good standard for you
what would be more opposite of free
speech than this and so I suggest a hoax
off let's have a whole National
conversation about which news entities
have promoted the most hoaxes and then
of course you going have to rank the
hoaxes because they're not all equal
right some are sort of minor stupid
things some can move the whole you know
nature of the country so shouldn't we
have a hoax off see which networks
reported which hoaxes let me get started
here on a partial list and by the way
I'm deadly serious about this we do need
completely seriously a list of each news
Network and which hoaxes they
promoted for the let's say the past 5
years right you could pick whatever time
frame I'll say five years wouldn't you
like to know that now of course it would
be difficult to find an independent
Observer who could rank these hoaxes so
maybe there would be multiple ones or
the ones that have some ambiguity could
be marked as well this is a claim but
you know the other side says it's not
true but wouldn't you like to see how
long the list is and to see what's on it
let me give you a brief example of what
would be on
it and I'm going to start with the
hoaxes on the
right some of you are not going to like
this but you'll hang in there so from
the right we've seen uh some wild
election fraud claims such as the
Venezuela Hugo Chavez and the the
Italian Stuff Etc now assuming that
those all you know in the fullness of
time let's say that we decide that those
none of those are true and I think
that's where it's heading that those
would be hoaxes associated with the
right you got your pizza gate associated
with the right you got your q and on
stuff associated with the right but are
they really reported does you know are
oan and Newsmax and Fox News and
Breitbart are they are they
reporting what Q is saying as as like
it's news I don't think so so although
those um there are some uh conspiracy
theories on the right I don't see the
news reporting them do you do you
remember any time at which Fox
News had the news people as opposed to
the opinion people all right we're going
to make a distinction between the news
people and the opinion people did any of
the news people ever report that
pizzagate was
real I don't remember that I mean it
could have happened so fact check me on
that but I remember the opinion people
noodling about it but I don't remember
any fact people any news people did
Brett Bayer ever say pizza gate was real
I don't think so right and same with O
and uh Newsmax do you think any of them
ever reported the pizza gate was real or
that Q andon is is telling you real
things I don't think so I don't think
they're reporting these things as
real but some opinion people people of
course um the news on the right has
reported that maybe the pandemic isn't
so real that the pandemic is nothing
more than the flu but was it the news
people who reported that on the right or
was it the opinion
people because I don't remember any news
people now I haven't watched all of
these networks every day so I can't say
for certain but I don't know if any news
people on the right said the pandemic is
probably fake did
they opinion people
did um and then of course there was you
know masks don't work you and I guess we
can argue about that forever so you
could make a list of things which were
definitely uh conspiracy theories on the
right but how many of them were actually
reported by the news on the
right I'm not sure I remember any of
them being reported by the news but
let's go to the left
list and the left they're a little bit
less clear about who's an opinion person
and who's the news is Jake Tapper an
opinion person or is he a news
person I don't know I mean I know him
personally I've had you know a number of
conversations with Jake Tapper and even
I don't know is he supposed to be the
news or is any op opinion person how
about Anderson
Cooper I don't actually know
I don't know if he's the news or if he's
an opinion person because it's not
branded that clearly is it now Don Lemon
is an opinion person would you say that
that's branded clearly enough that you
you're not really confused about Don
Lemon right uh Chris Cuomo opinion
person you know I put him in with the
the Hanes and the Tuckers Tucker
Carlson's as opinion people but because
CNN blurs that line and the people I
think are anchors report the opinion the
same as the news quite often here's
what's on their list you got the fine
people hoax which is the biggest one of
all time the the most destructive hoax
of all time is the Charlottes philine
people hoax you got the Jesse Smet the
Covington kids hoax the drinking bleach
the Russia collusion hoax which then
they tried to change into Russian
interference oh why are you saying Scott
that there was no Russia collusion
when in fact they had those several
Facebook advertisements and memes so
they they try to change that from
collusion into interference there's the
hunter Biden has no issue well maybe he
does uh with Ukraine and China Etc um
there's the uh they've reported that
election systems basically can't be
hacked now I have no evidence that they
were but the left reports it like it
can't happen is that true
it might be I'd love to see more
information about that and by the way I
would be delighted if that were true
can't be hacked can't be hacked in any
way that that wouldn't be detected
that'd be great if that were true but
they sort of report that as
true um let's see uh they report climate
change you know being an economic
disaster when even the UN says the
opposite right um they here's one that
would be on your list but but not mine
uh I know if you were making this list
you would say something like oh the left
believes that there are multiple genders
and then you would get into this old
gender thing I don't have that
conversation number one I'm more
respectful to that entire situation than
many of my audience but number two I
think that's just a definition thing
that's not about the news if you want to
call somebody a man or a woman and
somebody else wants to call them a
different word that's just definitions
we're not talking about different things
um there was the Russian bounty on
American soldiers hoax the feeding koi
fish in Japan hoax and the list goes on
now suppose you took the list of hoaxes
that are reported on the left and the
ones on the right and now subtract out
the ones that are just opinion people so
you subtract out Hannity subtract out
Don Lemon and the other opinion people
and then you've got I think it would be
prare to say but I'm open to an argument
on this that your Jake tappers and your
other hosts your your Anderson
Coopers they have to stay on the list
because you don't know if they're
opinion or not
so which of these lists would be more
damning I actually don't know um if you
ask me which would the right or the left
have more hoaxes reported by their
so-called legitimate news sources I
actually don't know and if and if you
were to count the number of them would
that tell you anything or should you
also look at the importance of them
because some hoaxes cause the capital to
be
attacked and some hoaxes like the find
people a thing cause riots in the street
or at least as part of it so you can't
really say that all the hoaxes are the
same value right you'd have to somehow
rank them by uh importance so you'd rank
them by importance and then you'd see
which news people reported them how do
you think CNN would come out on that I
don't know because you know I'm a little
too biased to just sort of look at it
and know the answer but I feel as if CNN
would be the biggest purveyor of hoaxes
compared to the the news that they think
should be taken off the air I think so
but I would be open to that not being
the case if somebody had a better list
of
hoaxes here's a topic I've wanted to
talk about but I keep forgetting which
is that people like Trump are energy
monsters and you could think of this as
being sort of the third dimension you
know the the three-dimensional chest
that I always talk about and
four-dimensional chest and all that and
I think that has to do with um moving
emotions which are really
energy when Trump looks at a situation I
observe can't read his mind but just I
observe
that he seems to be energy Centric so
when he talked about Jeb Bush he said
you have low energy when he talks about
the size of his crowds at his rallies
it's not just bragging it's that too but
it's talking about the energy and making
sure there is energy when he tries to
get the economy moving he's moving the
energy of the economy when he tries to
get the energy literally the energy like
oil and stuff uh to when he tries to
make the United States energy
independent again its energy so whether
it's human energy or physical energy
Trump seems to simple simply have a
superior understanding and I'm going to
say that
unambiguously Trump has a superior
understanding of
reality weird right because he's he's
failed the factchecking more than
anybody ever has and maybe anybody ever
will even I agree with that that that
statement is just true but but he
doesn't deal in that realm he's not
dealing with the the specific accuracy
of claims he's dealing with energy he's
moving energy where it needs to be and
that has worked it made him
president and many would claim that he
got a lot done that they like even if
there's some parts that they don't like
especially recently now here's the fun
part of that what the Congress has done
and what the Democrats have done is
they've created this situation where
first they took all of Trump's energy
away from him so he won't be the second
term president so that takes away a lot
of
energy he's kicked off Twitter and other
social media so that takes out a lot of
his energy so they finally figured out
the right way to attack trump it wasn't
on the details it was on his
energy so they went after the energy and
succeeded because they they cut off all
of his paths for expressing
energy and then they made this one
little
mistake I think it's a mistake we don't
know yet but I would say it's a
strategic opening for Trump that is uh
just a giant pile of free money laying
on a table and they just left it there
for him and it's in the form of this uh
Senate trial that may or may not happen
because I saw Jonathan turly one of your
smarter most independent thinkers saying
something about Trump should just skip
it and just not even put on a defense
because it doesn't matter he'll be out
of office anyway now I'm not sure if it
doesn't matter to Trump he might have
other reasons to do it which would be
fine but here's my
point the Senate trial if Trump decides
to put on a
defense will return his
energy now we don't know how he use that
energy and it would be used through the
U whoever he puts there to be his
Representatives because I don't think he
would make the case
himself but he
could he
could now here would be the
mistake and here would be the right way
to play it in my opinion correct me if
I'm wrong if you're putting on a defense
in the context of the Senate there is
not going to be a judge telling you you
that uh you're off topic is that true
would it be true that in the Senate
trial you have your time and as long as
you don't say anything I don't know
expressing violence or something I
suppose you can use your time to talk
about anything you want so I need a fact
check on that that would be the case
right so would it be the case that Trump
and his Representatives would have an
have an opportunity in front of the
whole country because it would be
nationally televised to say whatever
they want want to
say right now I think it has to be a
little bit on
topic but kind of they can say anything
they want to say I think that's true but
I need a fact check on that
now what could Trump do well if he wants
to completely destroy his legacy what he
could do is repeat all of the uh the
least credible election fraud claims and
then you know legacies go on forever
basic basically no recover from that um
what he could do is send in the lawyers
to technically argue whether this was
incitement or not how does that work for
Trump probably doesn't work for him
because his argument is a technical one
well technically it's free speech it's
not incitement blah blah blah they might
even make a great argument but but what
a downer that is for energy right uh
technically technically it's not a rme
so let's let's just move along no
energy now what would be something that
Trump could do that would be positive
for his
legacy would bring tons of
energy would be good for the
country and could redeem
him
partially right there's some things that
just live forever on your permanent
record but what could he do
oh here's an interesting idea somebody
says
apologize I hadn't even thought of that
it's funny because you don't even think
of that as the option
set he could
apologize now that's not going to happen
so don't expect that but that was an
interesting suggestion here's what I
suggest if he complains about the
election fraud he loses worse than he's
already lost but here's what he could do
he could make it a call for election
transparency and use the entire time to
argue that while nobody can determine
whether fraud happened or did not we can
all agree that the that the citizenry
the voters are not satisfied with the
amount of
transparency now who argues with that
does CNN say the president is claiming
that a lot of the public wants more
transparent Y in next in the next
election what do you say about that no
we're not going to have that
transparency no do they say that's an
unreasonable thing to ask
for it isn't it's completely reasonable
they'd say that's just good for
Republicans but it isn't it's good for
everybody what would be the most
unifying thing that could come out of
the four years of trump plus the four
years we haven't had yet of Biden what
is the single most unifying thing that
anybody could do president nonresident
anybody the single most unifying thing
would be to fix the election for next
time fix it for next time make the
entire argument about the lack of
transparency because if you say to me
there's a whole bunch of Fraud and it
has to do with Chavez and Venezuela I
say get the out of here just get
the out of here we're kind of done
with that that didn't happen bring us
some good claims because there are some
there are actually some stronger
statistical claims probably wouldn't
hold up in court but they'd sound good
in
public I think the president could bring
some statistical anomalies and say we
don't know if this means anything but
the problem is our system doesn't tell
us if for sure it means something or if
it doesn't we don't have the
transparency needed and so I'm going to
use my time during this impeachment
trial to say yeah the situation was
caused by a number of bad things and
maybe I said the wrong thing or could
have done something better but if we
don't fix this for next time we got
nothing out of this we got nothing out
of this if we don't fix it for next time
if my
president president Trump still my
president if let's say after he's out of
office
decides to do one more patriotic act for
the country because I don't know what
else he'll be able to do out of office
he'll be a little bit limited but he has
one
more one more Mission he can do for the
country and if he's if he accomplished
only that if it was the only thing he
accomplished in his whole four years and
it would be after the four years was to
get people serious about election
transparency so we're not in this
problem again it would be one of the
greatest accomplishments of a president
and he and it would happen after he's
end of office now will he take that path
because he does have a path to partially
redeem his reputation he has a path to
be 100%
unifying because who's going to argue
with transparency you
shouldn't
and and just let the impeachment part
just do what it do what it does if he
gets impeached or he doesn't just forget
about it it's unimportant and he could
just treat the second impeachment as
unimportant because it
is so do you think you would do it uh
somebody says he could also take on big
Tech he could but what do you do about
it I don't I don't think he has an idea
of what to do about it but we'll see the
best idea that I've heard about what to
do about it um about big Tech actually
came from uh Jack
dorsy
so the in in our weird upside down world
where everything's backwards half the
time um the only person who's come up
with an idea that I've heard for how to
fix this uh you know uh censorship by
the platforms is to have a independent
some kind of an independent platform
that holds the data so any anything you
post is there forever can never go away
but you've got a a competitive situation
for picking which filter looks at that
data so in other words imagine a Twitter
in which you could have a different
Twitter interface one that sees what
Twitter wants you to see because they
don't want to want you to see the
violence and stuff another one that says
all filters off but it might be a
different company it's just you looking
at the same data and perhaps it's on the
blockchain so so that it lifts
rubber now I don't know uh where Twitter
is on that but they Jack talks about it
as Twitter becoming a client of this
thirdparty
system I don't know how that would ever
allow Twitter to survive because it
feels like Twitter would be giving away
their entire advantage and business
model to do that but maybe I don't
understand the details so I don't feel
as if Twitter can pull that off because
there would be a stockholder Revolt if I
understand it correctly now I probably
don't understand it correctly because I
don't because I think Jack would know
that that would be obvious so there must
be something I don't know about this
situation but there could be some other
company that is not Twitter that builds
something that's sort of a blockchain
that has a different way to look at that
same data and you can slice it any way
you want I might get rid of people who
have a certain quality that I don't like
you might filter it a different way and
then you just you just decide which
filter you're going to use and that
would be your app app so your app would
just be the filter on the same set of
data that everybody in the world is
looking at so because it's just all
available all the time all
right and that would give uh I think
Twitter protection because then they're
just one filter you could pick another
one if You' like and then I think
everything's fixed right you just need
somebody to build that thing all right
that's all for now and I will talk to
you tomorrow one warning I will give you
that uh
yeah the story about uh pu Putin critic
nalni who got poisoned but recovered
when he goes back to Russia and is
immediately arrested and will be jail
jailed for years what was he
thinking um any updates on locals
Creator bundles uh not a useful update
except that it's still a top priority
and and uh those conversations are
ongoing right now but we'll I'll keep
you updated on that if anything changes
and I will talk to you
later all right bye for
now