wind big bunch of Dilbert books I've
written
some
fiction and I wanted to teach you how to
be a professional writer in 20 minutes
and my challenge is to give you 80% of
what you would need to be a professional
writer to get you started and you'll
have to work a long time to get the
other 20% but I'll get you started I'll
start with some resources here are some
resources for becoming a professional or
even just a better writer
uh number one a blog post which and by
the way you can Google all of these
titles and you can Google the blog post
and it pops right up the day you became
a better writer we'll give you tips on
specifically how to write those tips are
also in my book wind bigley in the
appendix back here appendix B so if you
want to see it in detail you can go
there these are the books I recommend on
the topic
Stephen King wrote a book about how to
be an author it's a great book and it's
got some tips that I'm going to share
with you in a minute there's a book
called getting your book published for
dummies written coincidentally by my
actual publisher so I can I can verify
that this is real good information and I
believe I have a book blur a a blurb on
the back of that book writers Market
2019 the date changes every year they
update it that's a book you want to look
at to find all the places to submit your
material so it'll tell you where to
submit to get published it'll tell you
where to submit to agents book agents um
publications of all kinds so that's the
source this book writer Market is what
made me a professional
cartoonist um there's an there's a a
similar book by the same folks called
artist markets and I use that version
but if you want to be a
writer you want the writer Market uh
then this last one here uh where I got a
little bit erased is supposed to
say save the cat that's the best book to
start to learn how to be a script
writer save the cat save the cat refers
to a particular technique in writing
movies and TV so this one will get you
started and gives you the structure of
all movies and and Scripts so this is
the Bible for beginning to be a writer
for movies and TV now these are your
sources but if you wanted to talk to
somebody live and of course this is part
of my reason for giving this lesson you
could use an app that my company makes
uh I'm a co-founder and it's called the
interface by whenhub app uh I will be on
it I've scheduled my time for right
after this uh lesson and you can find me
just download the app interface by
whenhub you can find it in the app
stores and you can jump on here and if
you look at the bottom there's a little
place you can schedule to talk to me
live as soon as I'm done here on the
topic of writing there are a number of
other types of writers on here there
script doctors or grant writer experts
Etc so if you wanted to talk to a real
life person and pay for the time use
this app you see the amount that they're
charging
and you can be connected immediately for
a video call but you don't have to
exchange personal information the app
keeps you Anonymous as much as you want
to be anonymous all right so these are
the main sources and
now let's Jump Right
In to some writing
tips uh writing tips are a little bit
different for fiction versus non-fiction
so I'll just talk about them separately
and then together for fiction the best
thing you want to do is read a lot of
fiction because if you don't read a lot
of fiction you don't know how to make it
you could probably pick up a college
course and uh you know that'll give you
some practice and some more tips but
here are the big things here are the
main things you need to learn to be a
good writer you are interesting
characters uh if you look at the Dilbert
comic you can tell that all of the
characters in The dilber a comic have a
stereotypical trait that's really good
for Comics but writing a novel for
example you all you might want to give
them some stereotypical traits but you
probably want to make them more
complicated all writing is about the
characters so you have to create
interesting characters I recommend
creating characters that are based on
people you know now sometimes I'll
combine people I know into one person so
that I'm writing about a real person it
is way easier to imagine a real person
and then write a character that's sort
of based on your real person because you
can hear that person talk you know what
they would do in a situation and then
you can translate it to your character
so start with interesting and real
characters
um it helps to be dangerous or
provocative it helps in two ways it
makes your story more interesting it
gets the reader more involved it you
know gets them more emotionally involved
but importantly being dangerous or
provocative might be the only way you
can get attention as a new writer don't
go so far that you're going to put
yourself in serious trouble but the
feeling you want the the reader to have
is my gosh I can't believe this author
got away with that or I can't believe
this author is not going to get beat up
when he gets home because you know
things he said about his family they're
they're going to get him for this so you
should feel some sense of danger for the
author if you do that you can get
people's attention you can rise above
the crowd a little bit and uh then you
can use you can use that attention to
you know find an agent find a place to
publish Etc you want to leave curiosity
in every chapter read any of the Harry
Potter books to see the best way to do
this at the end of every chapter you
want the the reader to say I wonder who
did that I I wonder that's going so try
to build curiosity if you've got good
characters and you're building curiosity
you can get away with a lot of mistakes
and it's still going to be fun to read
you want to listen to how people talk in
the real world people do not talk in the
real world the way your first instinct
might be to write dialogue because if
you're writing dialogue you might say
well I'll have somebody ask a question
I'll have somebody answer a question and
the real world people are very defective
and even if you ask a question they will
usually answer a different question or
they will ask you a question like you
hadn't even answered a question so keep
in mind that people are deeply flawed
and if you write dialogue for deeply
flawed and especially selfish characters
make all of your characters selfish make
them act in
character and they will be interesting
and just pay attention to interesting
people in your environment and say ah
that would be a good character and just
remember how they speak could come in
handy all
right whether you're doing fiction or
non-fiction um it's hard to get
attention so you want to build up your
social network any way you can because
those become your initial buyers they
become uh the attention that you can you
can attract they become the people who
criticize you writing which makes you
better so you want to build up your
social media following to be any kind of
a writer in in this day and age the
social media and the writing job are are
really just part of the same thing these
days for non-fiction here's a little uh
tip that might apply more to non-fiction
I think it applies to fiction as well
your editor will uh definitely make uh
suggestions to your first draft that you
are not going to like and you will be
sure that these are not good
suggestions trust me when I tell you
that the editors are better at this than
you are they're reading it as readers
you're you're writing it as the author
you don't have the perspective they have
and if your if your editor is even a
little bit good they're going to ask you
to make very painful changes but you
should do it all right every time I've
made a change an editor wanted I started
by saying that's a terrible idea oh God
the way I did it first is the only way
to do it and then I think about it for a
week and then I say damn it my editor is
right again trust your editor they're
almost always right now when you get to
my level of of uh let's say uh
writing uh my editor will take my
opinion a little more seriously but when
you're new at it you might want to let
your editor Take the Lead all right
write in simple sentences this is
especially true for
non-fiction non-fiction I think of as
business writing writing a uh news
article or writing humor these are all
things which a simple businesslike
sentence is perfect so you want to keep
things simple the reason you do that is
that people don't want big flowery
interesting sentences which might be
fine in fiction but is deadly in any
kind of a non-fiction so you want to
keep it simple here are the rules for
keeping it simple write direct sentences
never never say the ball was hit by the
boy because that's a backward sentence
start with the subject the boy and then
tell me what he did well there's a boy
and he hit the ball this is correct if I
wrote this sentence the ball was hit by
a boy you would totally understand the
sentence there's no difference in
understanding it but your brain would
work harder because it had to turn it
back around all right you can read words
that are upside down if you try but
nobody's going to write a book that they
intend you to write ups to read upside
down because it's too much processing so
when you're writing for non-fiction
you're trying to think of the the mental
strain you're putting on the reader and
you're trying to take it down to its
minimum so simple short direct sentences
and and get rid of the extra words I'm
talking to you adverbs and adjectives if
I were to write a non-fiction piece
where I said it was very very warm
outside I should get rid of the very and
the Very one ver was too much two varies
way too much get rid of extra adjectives
that the reader will not remember
tomorrow cuz tomorrow they're going to
remember well the author said it was
warm they're not going to remember the
word vary if you don't think they're
going to remember that word and it
doesn't have much of a change in the
meaning get rid of it your reader will
remember something like 10% of what you
write for non-fiction so you want to
make sure that the parts that they
remember are the parts you want them to
remember get rid of all the extra
stuff um a little rule I use here is to
imagine that every word is a $100 value
to you if you take it out so somebody
said to you I here's your sentence if
you get rid of this adjective I'll give
you $100 I'll I'll just reach in my
pocket and I'll hand you $100 all you
have to do is get rid of this extra word
would you do it now if that word is
important You' say no because I don't
want to look like a fool the sentence
would make no sense if I take that word
out but if the sentence still makes
sense
without that word and that's usually an
adjective or an
adverb uh take the $100 it's a great tip
would you take $100 to get rid of this
word if the answer is yes get rid of it
all right make your first sentence extra
good you want you want people to be
curious excited mad uh you want to
provoke them you want to engage them in
your first sentence or two I will spend
as much time on the first sentence of a
p pie writing it rewriting it rewriting
it re rewriting it until it's great
don't even write the second sentence
until you can make a great first few
sentences that's very important um
somebody here is uh in the comments I'm
seeing somebody's prompting me to say
that you should write in a visual way
that is correct if you can tell a story
in pictures so that the person is
Imagining the the scene your way ahead
people will be more engaged they will
remember it don't talk in Concepts
because people don't understand Concepts
they don't understand them when they
read them and they don't remember them
later but if you can turn that concept
into an anecdote a story something with
a picture maybe an analogy analogies are
good for explaining new Concepts they're
not good for persuasion then then that's
good all right write for the reader not
for yourself sounds obvious right it's
one of the hardest things to learn you
tend to write what you would like to
read generally speaking you are not like
the people who are reading it there's
something about you that makes you a
writer and the way you think is probably
more unique than you think write for the
people who are reading it if they have a
lower level of Education write to that
if they don't have a sense of humor
don't put a joke in there but make sure
you're writing to them not to yourself
it's easier said than done
uh a good idea is better than talent and
what I mean by that is for and this is
for non-fiction if you're not very good
at writing and you're not great at
forming even a sentence but your idea is
really good you are still going to get
published and I'll I'll tell you more
about that in a minute but uh the
Publications the the lower-end
Publications let's say trade magazines
local newspapers College newspapers or
even a Blog
they're they're starving for content if
you have a new idea a fact that nobody's
talked about a big idea something that's
just a good idea you take that you write
it up you submit it to whichever
publication and that publication will
say this writing is terrible but I love
the idea and they will contact you and
they'll say we will buy your writing if
you'll let us edit it heavily
you if you're smart say absolutely are
you still going to pay me the same
amount they will say yes we will pay you
the same amount even though we're going
to rewrite a lot of it so don't be
perfect just have a good idea your
editors can fix that for
you um you want to find your voice when
you read my writing in let's say this
book would be a good example U one of my
latests or actually my latest you'll
feel like you're almost listening to me
it takes a long time to find your voice
but you want to write in a way that
somebody knows the author this is for
non-fiction at the same time they're
getting the information now you don't
have to do that if you're writing for a
newspaper maybe you want to take your
personality out of it a little bit but
uh the the reader will enjoy it more if
they can imagine you saying it if if
they can if they see you hear you know
you by the words you put on the page
then you're nailing it that's called a
voice the reason that I got selected
from obscurity to become a famous
cartoonist is that one of the editors
who I submitted my material to heard my
voice that's the best way I can say it
there was somebody who looked at my
crude terrible Comics the very first
ones I ever submitted they were poorly
constructed in every sense but
the editor could hear my voice and
that's what she said when she called me
it's like I I hear a voice and now
that's very difficult to achieve and you
got to work on that for a long time all
right so those are your main tips um I'm
going to talk about Stephen King's
advice for working your way up the uh
let's say the writer's ladder the career
ladder what you want to do is write
something at the lowest level you can
get it published to practice first of
all you want to practice practice
practice and then if you succeed at some
lower level you have a portfolio
something you can show to somebody at a
higher level for example if you wrote
something for your college paper you
would have something to take to your
local newspaper and say look College
paper like me here's my best article if
they like it they might ask you to write
something so that's how you work your
way up you could start a blog or or
write on someone else's blog and then if
you've got a good social media following
or even if you just picked the right
hashtag got a good idea got got a little
uh viral action on your writing on your
on your blog post then you have that to
again take to a publisher take to a
higher level um
publication publishing things in trade
magazines in other words uh some
industry corporate uh idea is is way
easier than almost any other kind of
publishing they're starving for good
ideas and they will help you rewrite it
if it's not great they just want a good
idea that's fits within their trade
magazine and you have a very good chance
of breaking in so you work your way up
little by little uh by small
successes so those are a few of the tips
let me give you some more
um you want to develop a writing system
system and by that I mean there should
be something that you do every day in a
similar way that through trial and error
allows you to write well here are some
of the things you should think about
most writers and and I would say every
writer I've ever talked to Follows the
same pattern they either get up super
early and they work from It's Not
Unusual for a professional writer to
start at 4:00 a.m. and do most of their
work before 8 or 9 9: a.m that's very
common part of that reason is that the
phones are not ringing there's nobody
else in the house who's awake to bother
you and you can just focus on this thing
it's also true that your energy and your
brain depending if you're a morning
person all right this is where the
experimentation comes in for most people
who are writers they are mourning people
or they've made themselves mour people
if if that's possible but the other the
other way you can go is late at night
and it tends to be a similar effect so
you can either start at 4 in the morning
or 5 or 6 in the morning early early or
you also see writers who will start at
maybe 10:00 at night the rest of the
family's in bed it's all it's all their
time and they can write until 2: a.m. so
that's typical too what you rarely see
is a professional writer who wants to
write in the afternoon because your mind
is not there the distractions are
everywhere so make it a habit to get up
early and
even if it's just for practice all right
uh make sure that when you're writing
you have a comfortable place to sit
that's like a professional serious chair
and here's here's the weirdest little
tip keep your feet flat on the ground
now I know what you're going to say I
don't like to sit that way you're going
to say I like to lean back on the couch
I like to put my feet up I like to cross
my legs don't do it or at least
experiment with this you will find that
if you put yourself in the physical
situation of being completely engaged
meaning that your posture is good your
feet are on the ground and you're
looking at your computer you will be
much more productive I've tried a
billion times to work on my laptop while
I'm sitting on the couch let me give you
my impression of me as a writer sitting
on the couch trying to
write 5 minutes out because what your
body is doing will inform your mind what
to do right if you put your if you put
your body in an all work position you
know this is not play this is work your
your mind will respond if you put
yourself in a comfortable put your feet
up uh sit by the
fireplace you can write for about five
minutes and then you'll be out cold if
you're like me your your brain will just
melt you want to get natural light if
you can uh I put my workpl right by a
window some people like to work in the
dark there's some personal preference so
you do need to AB test things until
you've got something going on you want
to remove all
distractions don't have a pet in the
room pets are distracting don't be
hungry make sure you eat make sure there
are no noises you got to get rid of all
of it and I mean you really have to get
rid of all of it now now ironically
people can write well and this is
science has proven in a cafe situation
so if there's sort of a background noise
but you can't really hear anybody's
specific conversation that's actually a
really good place to write um it's sort
of a for whatever reason it keeps you
awake because you're in public but also
is really easy to concentrate even with
the background Rumble of noise so test
that that's why a lot of people write it
Starbucks Etc
um I do most of my writing when I'm not
at my keyboard meaning that if I'm in
the shower I'm thinking about what I'm
going to write if I go for a walk or I
go to the gym I'm thinking about what
I'm going to write the next time I am at
my keyboard it is way better to sit at
your keyboard with a 75% idea of where
you're going than to sit at your
keyboard and say all right what am I
going to write looking at the blank page
with no ideas that you already have is
just painful don't do it if you sit on
your computer and it's 5 minutes and you
got nothing get up you're not a writer
that day you are not a writer that day
just get up leave it alone walk away
take a walk take a shower take a bath go
to the
gym think of some things to write about
a general idea you don't have to have
the sentences just know where you're
going all right
um you want to eat right exercise light
exercise not exhausting exercise and get
enough sleep if you do not do these
things to take care of your body your
body will be yelling at you while you're
trying to write if you have not
studiously and and and viciously gotten
rid of every distraction that you can
get in the outside world which includes
how you feel your tiredness your hunger
and all those things you got to get rid
of all all those very important I've
discovered that what I eat has a huge
impact on my ability to write if I eat
let's say I ate a
burrito I'm not doing any writing after
that because the burrito the simple
carbs just shut down my brain and all I
want to do is like Mah Mah Mah uh but if
I eat protein and I eat clean food you
know stuff that's not bad for you um I'm
in good shape energy is good
all right here's another tip if you sit
down to write and you cannot write
something good you've got some ideas you
know where you want to go you start
writing and it's not good write it
anyway let's say you sit at your
keyboard you still have a general idea
where you're going but you can't think
of how to start just start just start
writing write something bad to write
something good it's one of the best
pieces of advice you will ever get if
you you can't write something good write
something bad right away and and I've
actually yelled at people sitting at a
keyboard looking at it who needed to
write something it's
like if you're sitting there you're not
a writer these fingers need to be going
if you're at the keyboard otherwise walk
away walk away write and then fix it
write and delete it write and then fix
it write it 50 times wrong to get it
right one time all right you're not a
writer if you're not writing that's the
most important rule um writers need to
stimulate themselves and then go quiet
stimulate and then go quiet the
stimulation is usually from the outside
world you want to be involved in
something maybe you have a job that's
that's your uh inspiration and in my
case I had a day job for many years that
became my inspiration for Dilbert at
some of my books he have to go into the
real world you have to travel you have
to challenge yourself you have to do
something you've never done before talk
to some people you haven't talked to
before you have to go out there and you
got to stimulate the hell out of
yourself and then when you filled your
brain with that
stimulation you got to go quiet remove
everything remove all the distractions
and then you can call on that stuff that
you've stimulated in your brain um it's
better to write what you know and if
you're writing fiction of course that's
not something you know because you're
making up a whole story so you want to
put parts of things you know as I told
you before put characters in there that
are at least components or Composites of
people you know so you're always writing
something you've seen something you know
even though you created something new
from those parts um I write about
business and work and persuasion because
these are areas I know writing about an
area you don't know is only good if
you're a reporter and you're learning it
as you go all right um write to make
your reader feel something physically
you want your reader to feel something
physically I'll give you three examples
this book was written to give you a
tingle it's called God's debris I wrote
it
intentionally to make your to make you
have Goosebumps and if you read reviews
you'll see that I succeeded doesn't work
for every person and you can't write
anything that works for every person so
just don't even imagine that but you're
writing for a physical
feeling this book causes people to go oh
my God why didn't I already know that
stuff before this changes everything I
feel optimistic I feel uh enthusiastic
those are physical feelings you could
feel enthusiasm in your body not just
your mind right when I
write this book or this book The any of
the Dilbert materials I'm writing so
that you'll go
ha I'm trying to make your body move I'm
making you laugh I'm making you tingle
I'm making you uh feel inspired all
right if it's a horror horror book
you're making somebody afraid think in
terms of what you want their body to do
if you can't make somebody's body
change you're not a
writer that's a harsh statement right
but if you're not writing to make
somebody's body change their body not
just their mind their body you're not a
writer all
right
um keep in mind that writing is a lot
easier than rewriting and rewriting your
own work is going to be 75% % of the
work so think of it in those terms so it
doesn't become a drag when you're you're
doing endless rewrites if you think well
that's the third time I've Rewritten
that sentence I'm just going to be good
with that now you're not a writer you
might have to write that sentence 25
times until you're happy with it then
you're a writer rewriting is writing
writing the first
draft it's important but it doesn't get
you there all right
Let's uh I believe I have hit most of my
points
here um let me talk about getting
published so getting published is easier
than you think so that's rule number one
however hard you think it is to become a
professional
writer weirdly it's one of the easier
things to do if you can write if you
can't write well it's hard to be a
writer but if you can write it's pretty
easy to get published somewhere and to
get paid for it that's the first thing
you need to know um if you want to get a
an agent and by the way uh book
publishers require agents not they don't
really require them but for all
practical purposes they do so here's how
it works the publisher um works with
agents lots of different agents and they
depend on those agents to bring them
good books
so the publisher doesn't want to be
going out there and and looking for
books right sometimes they do that if
it's somebody famous you know so in my
case for example Publishers seek me out
because I you know I was the the the
writer for Dilbert so people say well
maybe he could write a book too so in my
weird case they sought me out so the
best way to write a book is to become
famous for something unrelated if you
can be famous for something
anything then some publisher wants you
to write a book and they can they might
find you but if you have written
something or want to write something and
you want to get a get a agent who can
get you a publisher the first thing you
need to know is that the agents act as
sort of like your lawyer a little bit
like a business manager but not really
and a little bit like an agent so they
they do a an important service typically
they might take 15% of what you make but
you depend on them to get from the
publisher more than more than it costs
to have a an agent so if the agent could
not get you a deal that was at least 15%
better than you could get yourself well
you wouldn't be that happy with an agent
however if your agent gets you a good
deal or shops it to different Publishers
and gets them bidding against each other
you will you'll be very happy that you
had an agent the agent will also help
you with the contracts because they have
their own ERS they have contracts that
they've they've used before so they will
negotiate with the publisher on your
behalf very good stuff I have done books
with agents um my recent ones and I've
done books without agents because I was
famous so I could I could skip that step
uh the agents do add a lot so don't
don't think that your your job is to not
have an agent because they do add a lot
now what you're really doing when you're
trying to sell to to a publisher is sell
to an agent so how do you find an agent
The Source I told you about before the
um the writer Market
2019 uh will have lists of agents who
are looking for books and what kinds of
books so that you'll know that your typ
of writing fits this kind of an agent um
you want to send them a few chapters
maybe one chapter an agent will not read
a whole
book I mean they will if they get really
interested but if you're just pitching
to an agent think in terms of a few
pages think in terms of a chapter with
an outline for your book and by the way
most of this will be um in the sources
that I mentioned so the the books I
mentioned will tell you more about this
stuff so your goal is to find an agent
if you're just starting
out all right and those are your main
tips um I don't know if I held this to
under 20 minutes but that was my goal uh
I will make sure that this is posted to
uh YouTube you can search for that there
at uh uh look for real coffee with Scott
Adams real coffee with Scott Adams and
this will get posted to YouTube within a
day or so of showing up on Periscope you
will also see this at the top of your of
my Twitter feed and I put the uh the
notes from what I just did I included
them in the tweet that I just sent out
before I did this and uh I would like to
ask all of you to try out the interface
by one Hub app my startup uh I'll be on
this uh as soon as soon as I turn this
off I will be live on here and I've got
a scheduled time if anybody schedules
that I will talk to them and give them
professional writing advice uh I've set
my price at $25 an hour but you could
just to 15 minutes and uh there are
other writers also on the app and you
could get advice from them and it might
be more specific to your type of writing
um so try the interface by whenhub app
please for this kind of advice or any
kind of expert advice it's a generic
expert platform for a immediate video
call and people can people can charge as
much as they want to so each expert puts
a price on there and you can pay it or
not all right uh that's all for today
and I will talk to you again