[Music]
[Applause]
hey everybody come on in it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams it's one of the
best times of the day no correction
correction it's the best time of the day
that's how it is
and all you need to enjoy the best time
of the day is a cup or a mug your glass
attacker chelators dying in a canteen
jugger flask a vessel of any kind hey
Bill join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine here the day the
thing makes everything better
including the pandemic including the
protests including police brutality
wherever it occurs join me now go yep
yep temperatures going down golden ages
here so in case you missed it the Golden
Age started yesterday what do I mean the
Golden Age started yesterday the
economy's in the toilet and the
protesters are protesting record numbers
against the injustice of the police well
here's how I see it
the economy is on the way up it is
economy's the economy is gonna be
turning around no doubt about it we
don't know how fast etc but it's
definitely gonna go up from this point
on it probably will go to new highs and
we probably uncovered a whole bunch of
problems with civilization that now can
be fixed because they had to get broken
and we had to see all their flaws under
stress which we did and now we can go
fix it everything from the police to how
we handled pandemics our medical system
our education system commuting you name
it if we had not
taking the box of civilization and
shaking it so hard there would not be as
many economic opportunities as there
will be because we just made everything
in play suddenly we went from well there
were a lot of industries that were sort
of sleepy and not doing much but now
everything's in play you could be an
entrepreneur and pretty much any realm
and you saw the problems you saw the
flaws you know exactly what to work on
that means the effects so the economy is
not just it's not just going to improve
it's going to improve and be a whole new
machine it's a brand new car it's not
fixing the spark plugs on your old car
that's where we've been for I know 20
years for 20 years I would say we've
done nothing but change the oil and
rotate the tires well we're gonna have a
brand new car and so the economy I'd
completely buy into the president's
framing of this that what's happening is
something amazing or we're at the cusp
of economic growth the like of likes of
which we've never seen I think that's
true so that's good the protests I
believe have now almost completely
changed from unruly and full of crime
and anarchists to something last night
assuming the coverage is giving me the
real story and that's the big f but it
looks like the protests have turned into
a love fest
a love fest in the sense that nobody
disagrees nobody disagrees that that
George
Floyd situation looked bad bad bad
nobody disagrees nobody disagrees that
some change would be good nobody's a
squeeze it looks like the protesters and
the police were completely on the same
side on the question of do you walk
looters and anarchists ruining your
message nope don't want any airman
anarchists and looters ruining the
message same page so weirdly literally
everyone except a tiny tiny number of
you know looters I suppose anarchists
were on the same side last night did you
see anybody report that the whole
country came together last night nope
nope that's what happened last night
last night everybody in the country
agreed that's the biggest story in the
world it's never happened before last
night everybody in the country agreed
let's do something about police
procedures let's make something better
we're all agreeing now some of the
details right disagree on the details
but I don't know if that's not the
Golden Age what is if the only people
who disagree with you are looters
because they want extra Footwear you're
in a pretty good place pretty good place
you saw the the military agree with the
protesters you saw the police agree with
the protesters and March with them you
saw protesters helping the police you
know take the the brick throwers out of
the game you saw the entire country come
together and it was reported as the
opposite what is the big problem in the
world it's the news it is it's the news
I was going to do a whiteboard
presentation on that but I'm gonna give
it to you without the whiteboard and it
goes like this here's the system you
live in your news organizations present
a frame frame of how to see things when
the frame is presented people just
inhabit the frame as if that's the way
to look at it the frame that the news
has put on things
is that it's a race problem once you
have that frame people just inhabit it
some say no it's not some say yes it is
no it's not yes it is no it's not you
did things no I didn't you did things no
I didn't so the frame that's given to
you by the news is meant to be divisive
if it's not divisive it doesn't generate
more news so the news business has
learned the framing things divisive lis
generates more division which generates
more news which generates more profits
now here's the that part you knew all
that part here's the part I'm going to
add that you probably did not know and
it's gonna blow your frickin head right
off
are you ready this one are you gonna be
thinking about probably four weeks and
it goes like this if I can frame
something first and you accept the
framing remember the framing is not not
your opinion the framing is simply how
you enter the conversation like who's on
what side your opinion is separate from
that but it's an overlay of the frame
that somebody has given you if somebody
frames it first you will think your
opinion is real did you get that if
somebody else's frames the topic you
will form an opinion and you'll think
that you came up with the opinion and
you didn't that's the big illusion of
life the way the news industry
hypnotizes brainwashes manipulates
whatever word you want to put on it the
masses is by the framing so by framing
this issue as a race issue it guarantees
division division guarantees more news
more news guarantees more clicks more
profits so they've suckered you into a
frame that makes you think you have an
but you didn't it's actually an illusion
of an opinion because your opinion just
went to whichever part of the frame you
thought you fit the best they made your
opinion for you and gave you the
impression you made it yourself now that
fact is very difficult to accept as your
worldview but you will because it's also
so sticky then once you hear it you just
have to hear it the first time that the
frame gives you the delusion of forming
an opinion but that didn't happen it
didn't happen all you did is pick the
part of the frame you were closest to if
somebody had picked a different frame
the thing you thought your opinion would
look different once you realize that you
realize what the game is and you can see
behind the curtain you want to get red
pills a little bit harder here it comes
let that last one set a little a little
bit because this next one's gonna just
knock you off your chair the only way
that the elites can stay in power is by
making you think we're racially and
gender divided mostly racially the only
way the elites can stay in power is
making you think we're racially divided
do you know why because if people
realized that poor people let's just say
it low-income people so there's more of
them in the group so low-income people
if if low-income people realized that
they had more in common with each other
regardless of anything else regardless
of religion regardless of ethnicity
regardless of gender gender sort of
special so let's leave that out at the
moment so let's just say regardless of
ethnicity all people of low income have
a lot in common in terms of their
situation now one of the things that
black people don't know because they've
been poorly informed by white people is
that being a poor white person is
really shitty deal if you don't believe
me ask any poor white person how it's
going it's a really shitty deal it's a
really shitty deal and if the people who
have really shitty deals could simply
understand they're on the same team they
would have all the power in this country
because there are a lot of them and we
have a system that allows the majority
to rule if they're smart enough to know
they're on the same team but they're not
yeah I shouldn't say smart enough
because that's the wrong word they are
smart enough but they've bought into a
frame the frame of racism forces you to
it's a it's a hip let's say it's a
magician's trick it's misdirection as
long as you're looking over here
Oh racial race race race it's a race
thing race is holding us down yet spread
US citizen it's racism as long as you're
looking over there you can't see the
obvious which is the rich people can
only stay in power they can only keep
their money if you're fighting about
race because otherwise you would get
together and there's too many of you
roll that around if you had for a little
while so if that doesn't wake you up I
don't know what will you want more no I
think you can handle it you can handle
it
your savour we're going deep today I'm
going to show you one of the ways in
which you have been let's say fooled it
goes like this
people get primed by patterns that they
see and if they see a pattern often
enough they assume that the next thing
they say is likely that same thing even
if it's not so patterns are a necessary
part of your brain in fact I say it's
the primary part of your brain we're
mostly pattern recognition machines but
we're not very good at it we're bad at
pattern recognition but it's also the
only way we think we say well it looked
like this before I don't see reasons
I don't see the logic for it but this
always happens when this always happens
so I'll just say that usually they
usually come together so that's how
fuzzy and irrational our thinking is for
most things most of the time most things
we have this fuzzy pattern-recognition
thing going on but it's a trap
because while you have to use pattern
recognition to get through life it can
fool you into thinking the wrong things
here's an example you are primed by
movies one of our most powerful cultural
elements I guess is watching TV in
movies etc so you're used to watching
the screen in which a story is presented
and in the story that's presented in the
in the fictional movie TV world
everything you see on the screen is
important and nothing that you don't see
is important meaning that the director
and the writer have guaranteed that what
you're looking at is complete so you
spend your whole life looking at movies
and TV shows in which in every case the
pattern is this the stuff you see on the
screen is all that you need to know
there's nothing else if there was
anything else you needed to know the
director would have put it there so
you'd understand the story real life is
completely different in real life there
may be somebody behind the car that is
not seen on the video in a movie that
would never happen
no director would put something behind
an object so that the people in the
audience can see it what would be the
point there would be no point of that so
you are primed that what you see on the
screen is the whole story there's
nothing else you're looking at it and
then you're exposed to real life let's
say somebody's phone video and it
doesn't need to be about anybody in
particular you you could make it about
the the recent case about George Floyd
but it's a general statement that a
video phone doesn't show you
what's behind the car because you're not
a director and a writer there just might
be something behind the car and the case
when you saw the first video of George
Floyd you couldn't tell that behind the
car were the two other officers who were
also involved holding down the suspect
now that changed your story a little bit
when you learned that it's like oh okay
well that adds a question because it
looked like he was the one officer when
he only saw one it was obvious he was
killing him
kind of obvious it'll look like murder
to you but then you learned there were
two other policemen on the other part of
George Floyd's body but that's not on
the video at least the first video we
saw it later
and then you say okay I got to
incorporate this new information but
once you've already decided any new
information that comes after you've
already decided just becomes
confirmation bias and you simply
interpret it according to your original
thought so by seeing the original video
without any explainers people solidified
an opinion based on almost no
information and I think that this
pattern recognition thing is part of the
problem it's not the whole problem right
it's just part of the problem that's
interesting that you assume that what
you saw is complete enough to have a
complete opinion and it's not even close
it's not even in the ballpark of being
enough it's far closer to being
completely misleading than it is to
being complete and I think that we take
this pattern of oil must be all there I
can see it with my own eyes I hear with
my own ears you know it's got to be
that's got to be all I know so I think
that that makes us susceptible to being
fooled as well so we've got that going
on all right I'll talk a little bit more
about this but we've got some other
things happening
I like to call out when the anti-trump
people are doing something that's funny
all right so just so I don't always say
that the funny thing is on the pro-trump
side but I have to say that the
pro-trump
people do seem funnier as a professional
humorist it is my impression that the
approach on people just have a better
sense of humor about this stuff but I
think that could be biased I don't know
but I saw some signs that people were
somebody anti-trump pers will holding up
I think somewhere near the White House
and the side of those two sides that
went together one said racist president
go back to your bunker okay that wasn't
the funny part and then the big side was
bunker so they're calling it
calling the president a bunker and
then the president hit White House is
well you have to admit that she was
funny
bunker this is funny as basement
Biden you know I think that's funny
if baseman Biden is funny you have to
sort of accept that bunker is sort
of a funny funny side but here's the
other one so the White House is putting
up I guess an extra or maybe a new
security fence around the White House to
protect the president
so what's trending today is did is
Mexico paying for the wall around the
White House now you could be pro Trump
but that's just funny that's pretty
funny you have to have been somebody's
asking me about jimmy dore so let me
answer that just since I saw the
question so Jimmy Dore was he tweeted
and some nonsense happening I guess he
was questioning so I I had a tweet which
I I said that if you're an Tifa you
might might not want to bring your phone
to meetings
and Jimmy Dore says oh you know he had
asked me several questions but the first
one of the several was you know where
are these anti fob meetings in other
words he was he was questioning the
anti-shah has meetings rather than you
know I guess rather than a dispersed
organization so the first thing I did
was look for his profile and check his
biography do you know why because the
nature of the question suggested that he
had not been exposed to a number of
fields and that his talent stack was a
little light and so I looked at his
biography and his talent stack is really
light it's really light in other words
his experience seems to be in the
entertainment realm and I didn't see
anything else you know in other words he
didn't used to work as a engineer or he
didn't used to work as a I don't con
amidst or something so he doesn't have
experience and as far as I can tell from
his biography he doesn't have experience
in either technology or system
development economics engineering or
anything like that so unfortunately in
order to answer his question honestly
well where are these antiphon meetings I
had to look at his profile and call it
out that I understand why he is confused
he doesn't have any background in in
tech development now I have a ton of
background in development projects from
probably 30 years of experience being
directly part of some development team
of a website or an app or some
technology thing both in my prior
corporate life and in my current life
and so there are some assumptions I make
about what other people know that or
sometimes unfair because they don't have
the same same experience so what I
talked about meetings in the context of
the let's say the government tracking
your phone your location
I meant any meeting if you walk over to
one other person say hey Bob
I was anti-fog going that would be a
meeting of two phones and the point is
any time those two phones were in any
kind of a cluster and you knew that at
least one person in the cluster was
definitely empty fob and he was
traveling in another little cluster well
you know sooner or later you could piece
together enough clues that you could
definitely tell who empty file was
simply by where phones have been so I
have to explain that to Jimmy Dore
because it's not obvious if you have a
very light telling stack you can't
really fill in the rest of the details
just with your own experience
somebody has explained it to you so I
explained it to him that probably all
the empty five been tagged and tracked
by now and it probably is a factor and
why there were fewer of the bad actors
in last night's protests because I think
the government is so far up anti files
ass at this point that anybody who
showed up would either have to leave
their phone home and who can do that
what 20 year old can leave their phone
off or leave it home when they're going
to be out all night almost none I don't
care if you're an tyfa or not anti file
if you're in your 20s you just can't
really leave your phone home all right
or leave it off so I don't think it
happened much and it doesn't of course
happen and then Jack passive ik weighed
in with a comment saying that one of the
ways that anta file used to try to fool
fool people who might be tracking their
phones is that they would I think they
would I may have this backwards but I
think they would turn them off as they
were traveling to someplace and then
turned them on or something but anyway
there was something about the pattern of
when they turned them off and when they
turned them back on that also gave them
away so in other words their their
method of hiding turned into a method of
identifying them so the point is yes if
the government had the will to do it we
don't know that
we don't know what they choose to do but
they certainly have all the technology
that by now they know every member of an
tyfa because between the social media
traffic and the location traffic if you
see a bunch of anti files standing there
and you can check their phone locations
you're gonna see like ten of them
together you're gonna know all right so
that's the Jimmy Dore story see and then
this is what it looks it looks like
there's another news blackout on any bad
stuff that's happening or that the
protests are mostly peaceful last night
so it's being reported as mostly
peaceful by the mainstream news at the
same time the non mainstream news let's
call them the individuals with phones
are reporting that there were pipe bombs
bite bombs now I don't know if I've seen
that report in the mainstream news do
you but I know Jack pasaba k-- mentioned
it and then I think Jack Murphy
mentioned he heard explosions which
sounded like they could have been those
bombs now think about that reporting and
then compare it to the mainstream news
the mainstream news is not even talking
about the question of whether or not
there were pipe bombs or even if there
was a rumor that there were that was
disproven
not even as a debunk thing oh somebody
says they saw yesterday did you see it
in the mainstream news looking at your
because I could be under informed here
that's entirely possible
hmm okay so I could be wrong about that
but it seems like the mainstream news is
not covering it seems like they've
decided to lower the temperature which
they can by the way they report it so C
and C then has become apologist for Anti
Fog to the point of being hilarious and
yeah there was an ATM that exploded I
don't know what kind of bomb that was
somebody is reminding me
so here are some of the things that CNN
is saying to excuse an tyfa and if you
look for it you can have a good laugh
all right and they say these things with
these are these are written things that
read but figuratively speaking they say
it with a straight face and you read it
you go this could easily be the onion
this this could so easily be in the
onion and they wouldn't even have to
change anything all right here it is
first of all the CNN says an tyfa was
not any part of organising anything but
one wonders where did all the bricks
come from and how did all those
anti-shah know to show up at the same
place wearing the same outfits
it's obviously there's some coordination
I don't know how much coordination but
it's pretty obvious there's some
coordination at least among the
anti-shah and there's no question there
there we see them on the video they
dress distinctively so you know who they
are they dress so you know who they are
and there they are shirt off and the CNN
is acting almost like they're just they
don't exist you're so that what not not
quite there downplaying it but listen to
this next part here's the fun part so
they say that Trump keeps talking about
antifa but then CNM goes this is an
actual quote federal law enforcement
officials pointed to groups including
anarchists white supremacists and
far-left
extremists and I'm thinking to myself
what does it mean to point to groups
they pointed to groups okay so if
federal and law enforcement officials
pointed to groups does that mean that
they've identified that these groups are
definitely part of the action no it
doesn't mean that it means they pointed
to them does it mean that it was mostly
in Turkish but only a few people in
antiphon
well no it's silent on the numbers is
just pointing to them was there maybe
three anarchists in the entire
operation don't know but we do know that
the federal law enforcement and
officials pointed at them so they've all
been pointed at notice how ambiguous
pointed that is pointed at pointed that
does mean guessing yes somebody in the
comments is saying pointed at equals
guessing that's exactly what that was
they pointed out and when when you
wanted to see and was something in the
list is white supremacist so I thought
to myself well by now they've obviously
found a white supremacist so I click
through the article to read about the
white supremacist that they've caught
red-handed organizing something do you
think that there's actually a story
about a white supremacist that they
caught organizing something nope no no
there's no photograph there's no text
that somebody sent there's no social
media call for the white supremacist
nothing there's nothing there the
closest they get is the accusation that
there are some far-right people involved
who also coincidentally and unrelated to
what these far-right people who have not
been identified and have no pictures and
have no no verifying information but
allegedly exist were associated with
white supremacy in other words not even
necessarily white supremacists in other
words simply people on the right because
do you know who else is associated with
white supremacist according to CNN you
you if so most of the people watching
this are Trump supporters just
historically speaking probably 90% are
Trump supporters would it not be an
accurate statement by CNN standards by
CNN standards would it not be accurate
to say that every one of you is quote
associated with white supremacy yeah
yeah me too
associated with
meaning that I've talked I've said good
things about the President of the United
States the President of the United
States
they say praises white supremacists so
would that make me by CNN standards
associated with white supremacists
yes yes it would how'd that happen
there's nobody you know I dislike white
supremacists you know a 10 and a 10 but
I also don't think they exist in the
sense that never met one never seen one
on TV in the last 20 years or so right I
think they used to exist but I don't
think anybody has this supremacist part
there are plenty of racists of course
racists are common but the supremacist
part that went away a long time ago yeah
it's mostly the opposite of that in
terms of how they think about themselves
so so then I click through and I'm
reading about this and they made a
distinction between anti-shah and
anarchists so they said well you got
your anti far but then separately you
got your anarchist uh-huh uh-huh is that
what's happening are the anarchists do
they have their own little group and
they're not part of an T file which
yanti far are you looking at
because the empty file I'm looking at
our anarchist but they've decided that
they're separate groups so that they can
make an T for smaller smaller impact but
here's here's even funnier part they
they called the far-left extremists
would you say that the far-left
extremists are Anti Fog or are they a
separate group and anti faso fur here I
don't know what anti fie you're looking
at but I think they're far left
extremists and anarchists so see you
then has broken them into like three
separate groups so that they all seem
small
what's that sound like what is that
sound like yeah it's the same trick that
they're doing with the framing a framing
race as the main major frame if they can
give you the frame then they've given
you your opinion if they allow you to
frame it this way
that there are all these separate
individual groups and they're all really
tiny then there's no anti foul if you
accept the frame you think they've given
you an opinion and you think you made up
your own opinion and it didn't happen it
just didn't happen
they gave you an opinion and you thought
it was your own that's how framing works
so this is really clever I gotta say
it's clever I can't take that away from
general mattis turns out he's an idiot I
used to have such a respect for general
mattis and that he got fired and I
thought oh this is gonna be bad as soon
as you get fired everything turned good
on the battleground it did you know am I
right about that I may have you know
false memories of this because I'm just
going by memory but it seemed to me that
the turning point when the United States
made gains and finally could get an of
the middle east and start withdrawing
forces wasn't the positive turning point
when when Trump fired mattis I'm not
imagining that right so I think mattis
doesn't like the president that we know
that and he is very much against the
president bringing in the military for
these protesters now here's the thing
that makes Madison an idiot do you think
that the president wanted anybody in the
military to actually shoot anybody I
don't think so I think the president
really really didn't want anybody to get
shot like really really didn't want
anybody to get shot or hurt do you know
a massive military presence with full
camo helmets
and whatever firepower they had I don't
know what kind of weapons the the
soldiers had but you know they had the
big ones we're not talking about the the
sidearm that's holstered and the mace
the military was the military they came
in with full you know full armor
you know strapped with weapons of every
kind now if you're a looter and you see
any one of those guys in anywhere in the
area right yet let's say there are 20 of
you 20 looters normally 20 would be
enough right you would overwhelm police
if 20 looters came to a store and they
looked over and and looking at them was
one trained military person full camo
with a long rifle that may be the wrong
term but you know some kind of a
military rifle you strapped with mo
military vest trained to kill somebody's
saying m4 and somebody saying I'm 16 so
we don't know now you're a looter and
you've got 20 of them you have the
numbers but you look over and you see
that guy and he's got his gun and he
goes or whatever you do with it but who
knows whatever you do with you know take
the safety off whatever he does just
clicks it off and then turns to that
your group of 20 what do they do
what do they do do they rob the store
no I think they leave I think they leave
really quickly and nobody gets hurt if
they had gone in somebody probably would
get hurt because looting sort of a you
know dangerous thing there's broken
glass there's people you know fighting
with each other over the goods they're
stealing theirs who knows what happens
with vigilantes when you leave it's a
really dangerous situation to let them
loot but what is a lot less dangerous is
a fully trained and military person
aiming a serious killing machine at your
group of 20 and saying whatever
you know whatever do what you need to do
but something's gonna happen and then
they just leave so the thing that mattes
I don't think understood I don't think
anybody in the news quite understands is
that the whole point of the military was
a massive show of force that you didn't
have to use Trump says this directly I
mean the whole point of building up the
military is that he doesn't have to use
it
that's expressly what he says it's the
same play we're gonna send in massive
military force for the express purpose
of not using it that's the reason you do
it and and even if the military had
killed somebody I think it was very
unlikely that was going to happen
frankly but if the unlikely thing
happened in military killed a person it
would still be way less death than if it
hadn't happened because if they don't
have that presence which in this
hypothetical would cause let's say one
person to get killed that wouldn't have
otherwise they probably saved 15 lives
just by being there because things were
developing you know that you know that
the the vigilantes were about two days
away right if you're being honest
vigilantism was about two days away
there was going to be somebody with a
powerful weapon who was going to start
taking people out could have been a
shopkeeper it could have been anybody I
don't know but it was going to happen so
I think the president's use of military
was a hundred percent right with a risk
right it came with a risk and people
like maddest just talked about the risk
part they don't talk about the benefits
if you're only talking about the risk
and you're not talking about what
benefits they gave which it it looks
like the military calmed it down right
away I think the military presence just
thing I think so was the primary
variable that got us from massive
looting to well looks more like a
protest now I think it worked I think
the president will never get credit for
that I think it was a
percent successful all right now there's
so much news today it's very new Z time
things are getting really busy over the
summer alright let's see oh the the
other the other category that CNN
creates as if this is its own category
is an anti-government group so you got
your anti file you got your hand
requests and you've got your
anti-government group they're all the
same
they're all the same people not CNN
three different groups all right would
you like to know how to unhypnotize the
hypnotized masses now the hypnotized
masses have been hypnotized by the
framing of the media so the media said
we get a big racism problem but you look
at the statistics and what you see when
you look for the big racism problem of
specifically the the problem of police
killing black men at a higher rate than
other people so when you looked at the
statistics to see this problem where was
it wasn't there so it doesn't show up in
the statistics in fact it's the opposite
that if you look if you only count the
number of people get stopped by police
in the first place just that population
which is the relevant population more
white people get killed by police per
capita you know of the number of people
stopped than black now of course
everybody on the right already knows
this right you knew this Tucker Carlson
did a show on it
I saw McCarthy just talked about it on
TV I think the five is too probably
talked about it probably probably every
news outlet
I'm sure bright Bart's talked about it
probably every news outlet on the right
has reported that the very thing they're
marching about the massive protests over
overwhelming the
is actually based on nothing that's what
the writers report but on the left this
is a real as it could be because it's a
lived experience I like I like that
phrase because it it's sort of afraid is
that needed to happen
they lived experience because lived
experience speaks to the subjectivity of
reality now suppose you wanted to talk
people out of their frame the frame is
that the racism and the police police
are killing black people at a higher
rate if you wanted to talk the man at
that how would you do it I'm going to
teach you how
won't work every time doesn't
necessarily work instantly but it does
work and I don't know anything else that
would work and this is a really deep
trick in hypnosis you ready this is this
is now you've you've got a background on
how to persuade most of you do if you've
been watching me for a while you've got
a lot of the basics you know how to sell
past you you know you know not to sell
past the clothes but you should make
people think past the sale you know that
you know you should contrast you know
that you should use visual etc see know
you've seen a lot of the tools but now
I'm going to take you into a deeper
level I'm taking you to some serious
 alright it may not look like it
what do you first see it and you're
gonna say to yourself I don't know that
that would work it works won't work
every time with every person that's
persuasion doesn't work that way but
it's really powerful have I built it up
enough let's take a look at it
goes like this this is one of the things
we learned in hypnosis class by the way
as a as an actual technique and it goes
like this if you want to pop somebody's
delusion and let's say that you know for
sure that they're operating in a
delusion that can be easily proven to be
a delusion
now in this case there are statistics
and those statistics easily prove that
it's a delusion but people don't just
don't talk about these statistics and
just act like the statistics don't exist
because if they did talk about them
they're illusion would pop now if you
say to them hey your issue is fake what
are they going to say to you you
fricking racist you racist my issue is
real and then you say but look at the
statistics what do they say in the real
world people don't agree with you
because you have facts we've learned
this right you have no chance of
persuading with information even if the
people agree your information is correct
and even if the information is simple
and very clear which it is in this case
it's the clearest example that you can
see where if you just show them the
statistics and look number of people
dead black - white - death by cop you
can see that the thing you're marching
about actually doesn't exist the problem
you're talking about specifically the
death part not not racism in general
racism in general we assume to exist
what we're talking about that death by
cop problem
here is the method you agree with with
the thing that you're trying to debunk
and you amplify it you agree and you
amplify it
it's the amplifying so the agreeing is
just pacing if you agree with somebody
they'll listen to you if you disagree
they'll just tell you you're wrong and
they don't even care what the reasons
are so you have to agree or you're not
in the conversation you got that right
agreeing is your invitation to the
conversation if you haven't done that
if you start with a disagreement there's
nothing that's happening after that it's
your you're done before you start so you
agree and then you amplify it you take
their own point like Stephen Colbert did
when he would mock conservative beliefs
he would adopt them and amplify them so
that you could see the ridiculousness
because he just amplified them a little
bit now if you amplify too much you get
the Stephen Colbert show and it's just
humorous right so the trick is you don't
want to imply that much is that it just
looks like a joke you want to amplify
enough that people can't tell if you're
joking so here is a sentence that
demonstrates that so if somebody says
you know what's your view on this you
could say police brutality against black
black Americans is a huge problem
that's the agreeing part it's a huge
problem in every way except
statistically and you just say this like
this makes sense does this make sense
that it's a huge problem in every way
except statistically because this
statistically tells you it doesn't exist
and yet we see that people are
protesting we see a video of a guy dying
we see people upset we see looting so it
is true that police brutality against
black Americans is a huge problem that's
true right it's totally true because
we're seeing protests of the economy
being destroyed and we're at each
other's necks there's no question it's a
huge problem in every way
well except statistically so that's this
is the persuasion technique to pop a
delusion you got to get inside it it's
called getting inside it so getting
inside it means that you adopt it as
your your own frame so instead of saying
that frame is wrong it's not about
racism it's about it's about power it's
about Democrats anything else like that
is completely useless it's just a waste
of talk you can't persuade that way you
got to agree and then amplify it
just enough that somebody else will say
what's that mean and you say I'm
agreeing with you it's this is a
gigantic problem and they say but what
do you mean by except statistically well
you know if you look at the statistics
there's no support for it but that
doesn't matter you agree to them you say
it doesn't matter it's a huge problem in
every other way except for the part the
statistical part now let's say you say
that's somebody and they in there and
you get their attention the hard part is
getting people to you know to think
about it later
and they go home and they say what does
it mean to say it's a huge problem in
every way except statistically that
can't be true that can't be true right
and then you get them to Google it
so the whim is not that they changed
their mind while they're standing there
that's not going to happen they'll never
change their mind while you're standing
there but you can certainly cause them
to go home and in the privacy of their
own room say I just need to check this
click click click click google it and
then you see it and you say to yourself
oh my god I've been marching for five
days over an issue that isn't even
identifiable statistically now probably
what you're gonna get because I've
already tested this a little bit if
something like this but it is true that
the police will hassle black people more
than white people that just sounds true
doesn't it right I mean anecdotally that
seems so obviously true they even I
wouldn't agree even I wouldn't believe
statistics if the statistics showed they
put this way if I ever saw a statistic
that said that black citizens and white
citizens are stopped and hassled just
hassled by the police at the same rate
would you believe that statistic no no
you wouldn't and you're not you know
even people who are not
lack wouldn't believe that statistic
that's not even the slightly credible
statistic there is a hundred percent
chance the black citizens peace-loving
black citizens are stopped by police and
hassled more than white citizens there's
no there's no way that's not true so but
I think the argument would shift to that
as if anybody disagreed with that I
don't think anybody disagrees with that
I think the police agree to that I don't
know but I would guess all right here's
some here's some more of those so here's
another example of agreeing and
amplifying are you ready now this one
goes a little bit too far because you
can tell it's a joke all right but it's
a good example but just be aware it goes
a little too far where this one didn't
you know the the every way except
statistically doesn't go too far but
this one does so you can tell the
difference and it goes like this that I
tweeted this today I said I demand
change which is what the protesters are
demanding a demand change I also demand
that you not know its specifically what
change I'm talking about so you can't
help because that's what the protesters
are saying except I've amplified it a
little what they're saying is we demand
change and what they're also not saying
is specifically what change and if they
did would you be willing to talk about
it and maybe help probably why wouldn't
you yeah you're a helpful person if
somebody had a problem and they had a
specific suggestion you'd at least talk
about it you'd at least discuss it so
here's the there's a sentence again just
so you can appreciate it
I demand change I also demand that you
not know its specifically what change I
want so you can't help that's exactly
what they're asking for but not in those
words
I just amplified it a little bit all
right here's another one all right let's
keep rich people in power by using
identity politics
and so every the left agrees that
identity politics is a useful tool and
say that by the way that's not my
impression of what they think they say
that directly there are a number of
quotes from people on the Left saying in
plain language identity politics is a
useful tool for getting stuff done so
what if you agree with them because
there's nobody who's arguing your point
that if you use identity politics it has
the effect of dividing us and that
allows the rich people to stay in power
because as long as the public is divided
they don't have enough combined the
power to go take the money from the rich
people the moment they got together and
realized it's not about race they would
have all the power they would raise the
taxes on the rich and they would just
take their money so as a rich person on
behalf of all rich people I can't say
identity politics is bad for me because
it's kind of good for me if you know
what I mean I mean in a bad way it's
good for me so I'm not laughing in the
haha you know it's good for me I'm
laughing at the absurdity of it I'm
laughing that I can be a rich person and
I can tell you in public the moment you
stop fighting about identity politics
I'm gonna lose all of my because
because low-income people would just
vote higher taxes and then I would have
to pay my taxes or go to jail and then
they would have all my so do I want
pala do I want to do I want identity
politics to completely stop well I'd
like it to calm down a little bit so
nobody's dying and the economy can get
running but is it good for me to get rid
of identity politics now financially not
financially it's not so be honest about
that how do you know that
identity politics is good for rich
people well I haven't checked the stock
market today but as of yesterday the
stock market was telling us that yep it
looks like the S&P 500 is up again today
which tells you that rich people
wait for it rich people wait for it
think that the protests and the identity
politics are good for them that's right
rich people have bid up the stock market
because who has money to put in stocks
not poor people poor people did not move
the stock market only rich people rich
people are looking at racial riots and
bidding the stock market up are there
any other questions
rich people are looking at racial
division and bidding stocks up it's not
a coincidence
yeah if if everybody got together the
stock market would plunge alright but
luckily it won't happen because the
media is so good at dividing us ben
shapiro others have made this point but
ben shapiro
said it well when the the police officer
who was charged in the george floyd desk
the the main guy with the knee he was
charged with third-degree murder
originally and then that got raised by
keith ellison to second-degree now as a
crowd pleaser that was probably a good
play it's kind of a crowd-pleasing thing
to increase the the charge and then he
also charged the other cops were
involved again another crowd pleaser but
it creates a new risk as ben shapiro
points out which is that he says
elevation of floyd killing to
second-degree is quite risky
it requires proving
intent to kill rather than depraved
indifference to human life and that's a
heavy legal burden do you think there's
even the slightest chance that the
prosecution can prove intent to kill do
you think there's even the slightest
chance and the answer is nope doesn't
there really isn't there isn't the
slightest chance so why would keith
Ellison change the charge to something
that guarantees there won't be a
conviction why do you think it
guarantees a second a second or riot
so by charging overcharging and making
intent to kill a part of the charge
which can't be proven I mean there's the
unless there's some whole new story we
don't know about because it said that
they worked at the same place but we
think they didn't meet because they
worked at different times and one was
indoors and one was out so they may have
never met we don't know if they did but
they did work at the same place so it's
possible that the prosecution has a
theory that shows intent but if the only
way they're gonna try to show intent is
by the actions that happened on film if
that's all they have not a chance
there's no chance because the
conversation that they had and has been
reported is true there were witnesses
but the conversation was about keeping
him alive specifically about keeping him
alive now you don't believe he's going
to get off let me give you my defense
and again I'll frame this by saying I
watched the same video all of you
watched it looked like a crime to me all
right
so so can we start all in the same page
it looked like a crime to me so we're
not gonna argue about that right I'm not
a lawyer so I'm not going to say
first-degree is that going to be
third-degree I think
need a little more training to talk
about that stuff in public ben shapiro
has the training so i quote him rather
than you know giving you my opinion on
the and the law so here's the here's the
defense of George George Floyd's killer
that is guaranteed to work whether you
like it or not I'm not saying I wanted
to work again it looked like a crime
probably there needs to be some you know
justice for that but legally God does he
have a good case and it goes like this
and you and by the way the thing I'm
gonna say next you've never heard before
you've never heard what I'm gonna say
next and when you hear it you're gonna
say there's definitely going to be
a second riot here it is did you hear
that George Floyd tested positive for
coronavirus so that happened last night
we heard it or yesterday so that's a
fact so we so in evidence the coroner's
report it shows that he was he tested
positive for coronavirus now just store
that fact just keep that in your head
now you're a police officer in the age
of coronavirus you're in the middle of a
pandemic you're not wearing a face mask
or protective gear you've got you
stopped somebody who is clearly under
the influence this person under the
influence do they face you or do they
turn their back away from you when they
talk to you you know the answer
everybody faces the police officer in
fact you face anybody you're talking to
now in the police officer world given
that they apparently felt they needed to
subdue him for whatever he was doing we
don't know all the details but it's
clear there was some kind of a scuffle
and some kind of a subduing we don't
know that that necessarily means
resisting arrest but it's implied we
just don't have any confirmation of that
in the in the in the the
act of trying to subdue this person who
is large and can't be reasoned with
because of the drugs I mean anybody on
the right kind of drugs can't be
reasoned with but he's facing you he's
talking he's he's spitting because he's
a drunk he's inebriated and he behaved
people horny uh you know there's there's
some stuff coming out right there's some
spray now this police officer has to
subdue this person and they have to
subdue every part of him because it's
actually the only thing you can do if
somebody is in a zombie like a drug
state you can't reason with them you
can't even hurt them in other words
they're not even afraid of pain so pain
doesn't work threats don't work
negotiating doesn't work you know
offering them rewards wouldn't work
there is no other solution for somebody
who's in zombie you know zombies state
except restraining every part of their
body that's why three policemen we're
trying to do it now if you tried to
restrain somebody in the age of
coronavirus and you don't want their
face in your face because then you could
die from coronavirus what do you do
about it how do you keep somebody's face
not facing you well the first thing you
do is you might try to control them
facing the other direction so in other
words if you hadn't faced up your face
would be somewhere around his face
that's not what you're looking for and
plus maybe you could fight back easily
because his knees would be up instead of
down right you don't want your suspect
to be able to get his knees up because
I'm he can you know me anything even if
he's handcuffed so it's good to have him
on their face just for control but in
addition what was the police officers
supposed to do was he supposed to hold
George's head with his hands to keep it
faced away from him because he couldn't
reason with him
right but he didn't want his face facing
his hands not so good because that's you
know hands might be where you pick it up
you know you don't want to touch a
suspects face if he's got coronavirus
now you might say to yourself they
didn't know he had
a virus no they didn't but they did know
they did know that there was a chance of
it and they did know that all the
experts say you should treat everybody
like they might have it and what we
watched was somebody who is treating a
suspect like he had corona virus in
other words putting his knee in the
place that would prevent him from
turning his head or giving up because if
he turned his head or got up and he
would be dangerous to the police because
of corona virus now do you believe that
the police were thinking of coronavirus
at the time
I don't not really does it give you all
the reasonable doubt you need yes yes it
does
we have no information about what they
were thinking we only know what they did
you can't really know what people are
thinking
but if the you can assume that the
defense will say in the age of
coronavirus it was very important if you
can't control a suspect that at the very
least you guarantee is not facing you
you got to guarantee that because of the
health situation it's over
yeah no but you didn't think about that
did you I also didn't think about it
until we heard the news that he tested
positive now you tell that story and
then you add at the end of it and by the
way they didn't know if he was if he had
corona virus but he did test positive
which doesn't mean he was trans he was
able to spread it because we don't know
the timing of things but he did test
positive there's no there's not the
slightest chance you can get convicted
not even a little bit remember you have
to convince 12 people of this now could
you convince nine people that he was
guilty anyway sure you could probably
convince nine out of 12 no conviction so
yeah and then there was the other issue
of we we may find out more about
allegedly there was something in his Hey
and that might have been drugs and did
he did he take a bunch of drugs so they
wouldn't be discovered is that why the
cops were wrestling with him in the
backseat because he tried to put the
drugs in his mouth is that what was
happening we don't know so there's a
whole bunch of stuff we're gonna learn
that will almost certainly change how
you look at it all right by the way when
I was talking about the the real frame
is his people with low income are really
on the same team they just don't know it
because this identity politics frame
that's the same thing Chappelle said so
Dave Chappelle one of his funniest
routines as when he talks about the fact
that he doesn't get discriminated
against because he's rich Dave Chappelle
is about as woke as you could possibly
be because he understands that being
rich was the main variable and as soon
as he was rich well he can join any
Country Club he wants turns out David
Chappelle can do anything he wants
doesn't matter if he's black or anything
long as he's rich Oh Jay Simpson once
said something like that allegedly who
knows but and I watched no Jay Simpson I
wish my gardener were not leaf blowing
right below my window right now I don't
know how much you can hear that but so
Jay said at one point allegedly in a
biography I saw about him that he said
he wasn't black he was OJ and he was
right yeah Oh Jay is not black he's okay
meaning that his reputation his talent
his money his fame in this case also for
bad reasons of Fame but his his who he
was was so much bigger than his racial
identity that it just didn't even matter
anymore Chappelle was saying the same
thing
so anyway I'm not the only person
signals
what do you think about the people
getting on their knees to the protestors
that are you having the same reaction to
that that ayah which is it's not a good
look but hey if they want to do that
there's another hydroxychloroquine study
that says it doesn't work at all it's a
controlled clinical style controlled
clinical trial that said to Heydrich
hydroxychloroquine didn't work at all
for reducing the symptoms if he even if
he took it as a prophylactics
prophylactics it took about a minute and
a half for the smartest people on the
Twitter to say all right this will be
debunked in I said 48 hours so my guess
was that that study would be debunked in
48 hours it took less than a day and
somebody smart went in and said your
headline says that it doesn't work but
your data says it does that's right the
summary was that it doesn't work but the
data very clearly says it does now it
says it does at a rate of like 17
percent better than the alternative 17
percent is a pretty big deal if if you
have a 70% reduction in you know
coronavirus risk but you added to that
risk the risk from the meds themselves
because I'd rocks of chloroquine has a
little bit of a risk as well
would you take a 17 percent advantage
for the risk of a drug that's been
approved for 50 years and if you don't
have a heart problem it doesn't seem to
be any problem if you're only taking it
for two weeks it doesn't seem to be any
problem at all would you take that risk
of course you would you would take that
in a heartbeat
and guess how they got from 17% benefit
down to not statistically valid do you
know how they got from that
they did the math wrong that's right
they did the math wrong and not even
hard math simple math and what and one
of the smart critics came in and said ah
here are your own numbers here's how you
do math it was devastating I think it's
true
I met the critic sounded more right than
the study you should check out Candice
Owens a video that's got 1.2 million
views I won't repeat her argument
because it's just better if you hear
from her it is the best thing I've seen
her do so far and she's done a lot of
good things so Candice Owens argument
about George Floyd is I would say is
just one of the best presented live
streamed videos that's now recorded you
could watch it just one of the best
performances plus argument that you'll
ever say because she has the whole
package she has the whole talent stack
she doesn't just have good points but
man is she good on camera that's that's
a really separate skill if you've
watched anybody else on periscope can I
can I have some agreement that almost
everybody sucks on livestream almost
everybody is terrible did you watch
Obama Obama on livestream oh my god he's
terrible he's terrible that's right
Obama who you believe you know you
believe is like a media kind of genius I
mean it's just great on camera or great
in interviews great in debates you think
that you think that Obama was like one
of the champions of that realm and then
you watch him on a live stream just a
little bit different technology a little
you know not as much production values
and he disappeared that's right his
charisma disappeared on live stream this
is a different media and he was just
boring and you could barely this listen
to him then Candice comes on and you're
like okay I can't even I can't even turn
this off I mean she is so engaging she
has the whole package the presentation
the she's got the look you know and
I'd not mean in a sexist way she just
has a look that could apply to male or
female or any gender you want she just
has the presence that's the better way
of saying I'll say the presence not the
look so check that out it's got like 1.2
million views worth every view I will
talk to you later