that's kind of flat Tes is up a little
bit rumbles up Nidia is up nice all
right let's do a show today you
ready let me get my comments
going
comments all right we're ready
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called CF Scott Adams never been a
better time but if you want to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
copper mug girl glass a tanker chelina
canteen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine of
the day thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens now
go well I don't know what's going to
happen today my uh brain's not working
at
100% Yesterday was kind of a sick
day but today I'm at least barely
functional so back at it if you're uh
subscribed to the dilber comic which you
can do there on X just go to go to my
account on X and you'll see the button
you'd see that the pointy a boss hired a
hypnotist to hypnotize their
Ai and to teach it
persuasion that hypnotist you might
notice looks a lot like me coincidence
total coincidence so anyway if you're
following Dilbert look for the hypnotist
who looks like me he causes
trouble um according to the Babylon B
I think the Babylon P was pointing to a
real poll but it's hard to tell what's
real these days uh there was a poll that
said 26% of Americans still trust the
media Babylon B calls that a disturbing
poll you still trust the media now of
course you know I always say that 25% of
the people in every poll 25% will get
totally the wrong answer you know if
there's a right answer and this soon one
that has a right answer if you're
trusting the
media you really haven't been paying
attention so yeah about a quarter of
every poll that's exactly the wrong
answer so there's a TV show I think it's
only on Apple TV called
Severance and people kept mentioning it
to me and saying hey why aren't you
watching that Severance series it's
great and I wasn't interested until uh
Michael malice described it as he said
Seance is superb it's lost meets dilber
and then I thought well I got to watch
that and it's also weird
because one of the actors is Adam
Scott kind of weird isn't it that
somebody would be in a show that has a
dill pesque part to it and his name is
Adam
Scott
well I was all about ready to watch it
until I saw some other people giving
their comments about it and now I'm not
interested you know if somebody says
yeah it's really slow and nothing
happens I'm not going to watch that but
I I never watched
lost so being half dilber is good being
half lost is sort of a reason not to
watch it so probably won't watch it how
many of you saw the uh the put down that
JD Vance did on uh Medi Hassan who used
to work at MSNBC but I think he got
fired or quit don't remember but uh
here's what medy said he said hey JD
Vance he said this on X hey JD Vance I
know you're busy lecturing the Europeans
on Free Speech but have you seen this
and it's a it's a report about the AP
being kicked down of the press
briefings and JD Vance answers with this
on x now this is the vice vice president
I want his first words yes
dummy yes dummy I think there's a
difference between not giving a reporter
a seat in the White House Press briefing
room and jailing people for dissenting
views the latter is a threat to free
speech the former is not hope that helps
I like how helpful he
is hey
dummy now do you think that a vice
president could have ever said said yes
dummy to a member of the
media before the Trump
Administration but now it just makes
sense it just seemed completely
normal so Elon Musk has proposed
that when he visits uh Fort Knox to see
if the gold is really there as part of
the Doge project that maybe they should
live stream
it now I don't know if that's a good
idea or not because could you tell by
just looking at it that it's all there I
guess the fun would be if there's none
there imagine how much we spend on
security if there's no gold in there
that would be the funniest story in all
of America that we've been spending like
probably $10 million a year I'm just
guessing to guard a building that didn't
have anything in it that would be just
the perfect ending yeah and of course Al
Capone's vault is what we're all going
to be thinking thinking about so I've
got a feeling it's like a reverse El
Capone's vault so Al Capone's vault you
remember Heraldo was opening the Vault
that belonged to Al Capone and then we
were going to see if there was any cool
things
inside what he found was there was
nothing inside so this would be like a
reverse
alapon uh thing if we find out that
there's nothing inside that would be the
surprise
again is that a reverse or is that the
same I don't know my brain's not working
today well Way grock 3 is out way better
than grock 2 and according to the
metrics I saw it would be the best AI
out there I guess what uh musk is doing
right with AI is he's just built a
better training um technology platform
so he's just got a more efficient way
and a bigger way of training it so I
guess there's a pretty good chance it's
going to stay ahead so I haven't tried
it out fully but I asked it some
questions this morning and it gave me
good answers now I understand that some
people have been having conversations
with it but I don't see that option so
am I only imagining that you can talk to
it you can talk to it by holding down
the microphone I found that option but I
didn't see an option for just talking to
it maybe there is I don't
know so we'll watch
that um on
X a user called uh
Indra uh asked me a question well asked
a question I decided to answer it why do
you think it's so hard to get these
models that would be the AI models to
write or understand humor you think
reasoning would help there it made it
worse now I don't think that reasoning
helps you write humor exactly so I I
thought I'd take a step at it you've
heard a version of this before but I
think I did it better this
time so this is my version of why AI
can't do humor number one the hidden
problem is that humor depends on the
personality of the
humorist uh in fiction it depends on the
personality of the character so Dilbert
is a character and when Dilbert does
nerdy things where he doesn't understand
how things work in the social world but
he's really good with technology
that's somebody you
know if if you watched uh the TV show
Friends or Seinfeld you saw that each of
the characters had their own unique
personalities and a joke that one
character could do wouldn't work with
the others so one of the characters on
Friends was Joey who was a famous
womanizer and he could make humor just
by saying how you doing you know CU it
was a running gag and he he said it
funny but AI can't do that because AI is
not Joey and AI also doesn't have a a
funny voice if you took away the exact
way that Joey said it you know which I
can't do in my impression yeah you do it
it's sort of the exact way he says it
that makes it work Seinfeld same thing
if you took away Seinfeld's voice that's
just sort of perfectly designed or maybe
developed it over time it's perfectly
designed for humor
if you looked at let's say the George
character on
Seinfeld as soon as you know what that
character is about you know he's kind of
selfish and small and just looking for
an angle and stuff like that then
anything he does that's in that context
is funnier so AI doesn't have a
personality so if it had a personality
it could do humor within the personality
and that might work but there are other
problems um the personality has to have
flaws
so a personality where you're just
really good at stuff that's not really
going to work for humor you have to have
flaws so you have to be selfish that's
usually the best one selfish uh
uncaring uh lacking empathy so basically
negative personality characteristics now
in the case of Dilbert he is really good
at technology but he's really bad at
understanding anything like dating or
you know social interaction so that's a
weakness it's a it's a flaw and a AI
can't present itself with
flaws because you wouldn't trust it you
say oh seems like you're a little
emotional or something it would just
seem too human I guess so no flaws in
the personality and then a lot of the
best jokes involve a a thought that
people have had something that people
have thought about but for whatever
reason nobody's ever said out loud
that's like the Holy Grail of humor is
to find the thing that people are
thinking but nobody's ever put it into
words before now how could you teach AI
to do that because AI only looks at
things that do exist and it been written
down you can't train AI on
thoughts so and and also once somebody
says it is no longer usable right so the
first time somebody makes a good J joke
about you know have you ever thought
you're in this situation and blah blah
blah well once you've done a joke about
that situation it's sort of spoiled you
can't can't do another one
so so you can't train AI on thoughts
that's a big that's a big
problem and then uh of course maybe the
biggest problem of all is that AI is not
allowed to be uh edgy or even mildly
offensive or dangerous
and a lot of what makes humor funny is
that you say to yourself oh I can't
believe he or she said that oh you're
going to get in so much trouble oh I
about you're going to get canceled oh
what is your wife going to say when you
get home oh what is your boyfriend going
to say once he sees this joke so a lot
of humor is just doing dangerous things
but the trick is to do it in a way
that's not really that dangerous but it
looks dangerous to other people there's
a human whose name I can't remember but
it doesn't matter to the story who wrote
very funny books you'll probably tell me
who it is in the comments um and it
would be about his family so his young
family life and when you read it you say
to yourself oh my goodness how in the
world does he get away with writing
these hugely insulting but very funny
stories about his early life and his
family about how weird they were and all
that and I think the answer is he'
already worked it out with his family
and they knew that it was you know some
exaggerated version of reality not
really them so that's the trick you have
an AI can't do that so AI can't be edgy
it can't be offensive it can't be
dangerous because AI can't be killed so
you don't really worry about being
embarrassed or fired or anything like
that so it takes away all the danger so
danger is important to
humor um thinking about let's say uh
Chappelle doing jokes in the about
trans now even though the jokes may have
been
inoffensive because he he's so good at
crafting things that are close to the
edge but not over it the the fact that
you would make jokes about the trans
Community it seemed really dangerous as
in this could be the end of your career
just just one wrong word there and
you're going to get so cancelled but he
didn't because he's an expert in going
up to the line and knowing where that
line is hey I can never do
that it it would never it would never be
able to feel what is too far it's a feel
and the reason there's only one
Chappelle is that there's only one
Chappelle there's just one there there
aren't many there are very few humans in
the whole world who can write commercial
grade
humor so if you looked at all the humor
in the world like if you're an AI and
you're training on it 99% of it wouldn't
be that funny because that's what most
people do when they're writing you know
they think they're funny but they're
not so if you train it on all the all
the humor alleged humor that people
think is funny but isn't that's going to
be a
problem a lot of the stories a lot of
the humor U comes from stories so
somebody will say I went to the story
yesterday and this of that happened AI
doesn't have any stories so AI never
went to the story yesterday AI never got
married AI never had kids so all those
things that are a story that make you
say oh oh God that happened that
happened to me AI can't do that because
AI has no experiences that you
share you don't know what it's like to
be an AI it doesn't know what it's like
to be you so if you can't make it you
know really understand your situation
you can't write humor about
it and you know AI only understands that
kind of a uh let's say a top level but
to really understand how something feels
it can't get
there
um and then lastly when I write jokes
the way I do it and I don't know if this
is true for other people but it might be
um I'll think of the situation
and it has to make me sort of laugh
before I write the joke so the punchline
comes last so I'm thinking oh that would
be funny I know I can do something with
that I don't think AI could recognize
that because it's literally an internal
feeling so I'll look at his situation I
go you know you have that little beis
and Butthead
laugh and you know that just with the
right words you can turn that into
something really funny so AI can't do
that because it doesn't have the beas
and bad automatic
reaction that probably is telling you
it's something that's going to
work and uh so when I cycle through
punch lines for example I say okay maybe
if he says this maybe if he says that
what I'm really doing is checking my
I'll say gut but my entire body response
so if I cycle through suppose dilbra
says this nothing suppose dber says that
nothing suppose dber and then I I
actually laugh like okay that's the one
so so AI can't test as it goes to see if
it's setting the exact Mark but a human
can um so what's that leave the only
thing is left for uh AI is word play and
puns that's mostly word play and
reheated dad
jokes because it has to be completely
inoffensive not dangerous not related to
any stories that you've had not related
to any personal experience just the most
Bland Bland boring thing just dad jokes
which are mostly
wordplay so I don't see a path for AI to
become funny I would love the challenge
though so I'll reiterate my offer for $1
billion I will help train your AI to be
fun
$1 billion now here here's the funny
part of that and oh and part of my offer
is that if I can't do it and it's not
funny and you could be and whoever is
going to pay me the billion can be the
judge of that if it's not funny if it's
not funny you owe me nothing it's free
so that's pretty good service right
because if you had the first funny AI
you don't think you'd make an extra
billion of course you would it if you
could have an AI that was literally
funny like not the way the current ones
are that's worth probably lots of
billions of dollars so for1 billion
do I'll offer to make yours the only
funny
AI we'll see all right James Carville is
calling out democrats for being super
racist you know Carville is one of the
few people uh like to
interview you know usually usually oh go
to
hell yeah just go to
hell um looking at the
comments there there's some people are
so
toxic that it's hard to understand it's
just hard to understand the level of
toxicity but just go straight to hell
you know who you know who I'm talking to
all right uh so James Carville said that
uh when the Democrats refer to people of
color he says that's racist because it
makes the assumption that people of
color are all the
same and he use as example you know are
you saying that the Nigerians and the
Indonesians are basically the same as
long as they're not white they're
basically all just non-white people that
are the same and of course he's right
and but I think it's way deeper than
that I think he's he's close to the
answer and the answer is that every
single thing Democrats do is built in
that identity model so if you start with
identity it's going to be
racist because that's what identity is
if if you can't get rid of the identity
politics you'll never get rid of the
racism that's built into the into the
worldview so James Carville was probably
the most helpful people helpful person
to the Democrats and I would love to
know if they're paying attention I have
a feeling that they're not and that
nothing he says matters because he's an
old white guy which of course might be
his point
too well Dr Burks remember Dr
Burks she was
Fouch uh little right-hand person there
and didn't you always suspect that they
weren't telling you the truth
now some of this might be a repeat but
the Vigilant Fox did a good thread today
putting it all together so Burks has
sort of uh been
talking and here are some of the things
we learn from Dr Burks so she was the
White House Corona virus response
coordinator under uh the first Trump
Administration so she admitted during a
recent
appearance uh on Pierce Morgan uh that
the government uh botched the uh covid
response by overlooking early
treatments early
treatments which would have been I maon
I don't
know
so but I didn't we all know
that I feel like every single person in
the public knew that something less than
a vaccination which was not really
vaccination something less than a shot
probably would make sense
it's amazing I I I can't tell if they
lied about it so that they could get the
shots in it to everybody it looks like
that's what happened or did they
actually not know or is it a motivated
ignorance where they're sort of
motivated to say there's nothing else
that could work I don't know it's kind
of a gray
area and then she said
um and then she said that the claims
from the Biden Administration that the
the Jabs e efficacy were based on hope
not science so the idea that the shots
would stop the transmission was never
based on any
science and and Burks actually says it
was developed
specifically to keep the most vulnerable
people alive it wasn't it wasn't even
designed to stop the
spread imagine finding that out
now this is the well I would go further
so if they developed it not for people
who were let's say young and healthy and
then they forced on people that are
young and healthy I actually think the
death penalty would be in order I think
you should be
murdered um well no not murdered but
have to go through the legal system but
if you lied to the public about
something that's definitely going to
kill some of them and provide no benefit
whatsoever and they knew it because they
developed the thing not to be necessary
for young healthy people and that's what
Burks is saying she's basically saying
they knew they knew it wasn't for young
people and they also knew it wasn't
going to stop the
spread and then they told us it was
going to stop the spread so you better
give it to young
people that should be the death
penalty and the only reason it's
not I guess is cu we're not used to
treating medical stuff like like a crime
but this is way more like a crime than a
medical treatment it to me the domain is
crime if you say the domain is
Healthcare and sometimes you get some
wrong well I don't want people to be
punished for you know a good faith
Health Care opinion that ends up being
wrong I don't want people punished for a
mistake but but that's not what we're
being reported on well that's not what's
reported what's reported is they knew
exactly what they were doing and did it
anyway I would imagine that there are at
least 20 people who should be subject to
the death sentence for that now would
depend on what state and you know what
you would call it but this is murder
it's
murder isn't it if you know people are
going to die and you do it anyway and
you know that it was not even meant for
the purpose that you told everybody to
do it isn't that
murder I don't
know so I'm I'm not sure how much of
that is new most of you knew that but to
hear Burke say it out loud as the new
element that they knew because I was
still open to the possibility that it
was a fog of War situation and maybe
they didn't know what they were doing
they they just hoped it would work and
and she actually said says that the the
thought that it would stop the spread
was based on a
hope they could have mentioned that to
us how about they tell us next time if
it's just a
Hope anyway meanwhile um over in Saudi
Arabia I guess Russia's uh Russ Russia
some of Russia's top people are meeting
with some of our top people to talk
about
Ukraine the fun part is zalinsky and
Europe were not
invited the the parties which would have
the most you know the most uh you think
the most interest but uh then separately
I saw a note that zalinski was invited
but not till Wednesday
tomorrow is that true was zinski
belatedly
invited I'm seeing a yes but I don't
know if it's to that question or not so
um I saw a report that said that but I
don't know about that and uh one of the
Russians says the main thing is to begin
a real normalization of relations
between uh us and
Washington now I saw Ian bremmer saying
that if you don't invite Ukraine to the
conversation about what happens in
Ukraine that can't possibly work I'm I'm
paraphrasing but that I think that was
the essence of it that is sort of a
non-starter if Ukraine is not involved
in the discussion of what happens to
Ukraine but one of the
ideas that's being floated is that there
would be an election in
Ukraine do you invite the guy who canel
elections so he could stay in power to
to help you decide whether there should
be an election to remove him from
Power I feel like I feel like Trump is
just being
practical meaning that if you if you put
Ukraine in the middle of this
conversation Ukraine will I think I
think Ukraine would sabotage it because
if you put zalinsky there zalinsky is
going to say okay I can't I can't be out
of power because then people will figure
out what I did and I'm not going to
survive so you don't want the person who
doesn't want the war to end and doesn't
want to be removed from power to be
deciding how the war ends and how he is
removed from Power CU I'm not sure he
would get
elected but the funniest thing about
this is that either Russia or the United
States believes that there would be
anything like a fair
election do you think the United States
is is pushing for the election because
we know we're going to rig it so doesn't
matter if there's an election or
not I don't know it feels like it and do
you think Russia could rig the election
in Ukraine would they have do you think
they have that much reach at this point
point
maybe um if Russia allegedly interfered
with American elections although I think
in a very minor way couldn't they have
some influence on Ukraine probably they
must have lots of spies there by
now so I I wonder how much of that is
just for theater to make it look like
there was a change of
leadership but really it's you know
orchestrated from behind the curtain
anyway we'll see where that goes Harry
enton at uh CNN was talking about uh the
drop in support for
Ukraine and I guess since uh
2022 the percentage of the US says that
uh that says that us is doing too much
to help
Ukraine uh was only
7% in 2022 so only 7% thought we were
doing too much to help Ukraine and now
it's up to 41 % and among the GOP it's
higher than
60% so if you're president Trump and
over 60% of the people who are your base
say we're already doing too much he
needs to do a little less and that's
what he's aiming to
do uh you know the not including
zalinski sort of makes sense to me
because he seems more like a puppet than
than a player but
uh not including Europe is funnier
because Europe is such a
mess that what is Europe what exactly is
Europe is it every country is it the
European Union would they do a good job
of representing Europe or would it be 15
new opinions thrown into a negotiation
which couldn't possibly work so here's
something that Trump
knows that I'm not sure everybody
knows you can't negotiate with lots of
people in the room that's not a thing
two people can negotiate and then maybe
if they come up with something they can
sell it to other people but you can't
put Europe and zilinski and Russia and
the United States in a room and come up
with anything you would come up with
nothing guaranteed that wouldn't
work I apologize I'm still recovering
from a
cold so I think if Russia and the United
States can make a comprehensive deal
that includes Ukraine but maybe it
includes other interests of the United
States and Russia so that we've got
something bigger you know something
about the the long-term relationship
between the two countries then we've got
something
to
present then you go to Europe and you
say how about this now if if at that
point Europe says no way well maybe they
have some good points maybe you learn
something
um Scott loved himself some
zalinski I I love it when people
hallucinate opposite of my opinions can
you tell me one time I was a zinsky
supporter not once and and and yet
somebody over in Rumble oh Scott loves
delinsky have I said anything like that
to me he's obviously
corrupt obviously
corrupt
so fix your
act um Byron York had a good summation
of why the European leaders might not be
invited uh this is from his post on X he
said European leaders are angry they're
not included in Ukraine talks they feel
their they feel their no ideas no
agreement on how to proceed but plenty
of platitudes perspective would be a
valuable part of the
negotiations yes we don't need
platitudes
what what is your what would Europe say
that we don't think is
obvious um we need to support Ukraine
otherwise Russia will overrun us okay
got it how about we have the meeting
without you now that we know everything
you have to say well you know got to
fight for democracy okay platitudes
platitudes we get it we get it so they
don't really have anything to
offer that I can see
anyway here's
uh according to uh some breaking news
the Mexican Senate has approved the
entry of the United States Special
Forces into Mexico now when I read that
headline I thought to myself oh oh I'm
surprised because I thought there's no
way that our special forces would be at
least invited into Mexico and then I
realize what's really
happening when you first heard that
special or US Special Forces were going
to fight the cartel did you think that
was real I think it was a real intention
I think when Trump said it it was real I
also assumed that once he started to
implement it there would be some let's
say internal counterpoints that would be
that would arise and so let me tell you
what I think was the worst case
scenario the worst case scenario is if
we wanted to send in our special forces
to crush the C
but
instead Mexico talked us into training
their own military with our special
forces to go attack the
cartels and that's what it is so the
special forces are invited in not to
fight that's not approved by Mexico but
rather to train the Mexican
military to be better at fighting the
cartels now you all see the problem with
that right that's the worst case
scenario
iio because if you train the Mexican
military how to fight the cartel they
can go get a job with the cartel that's
way better than what they're getting
paid to be in the
military and uh some say that that's
what happened with The Zeta cartel they
got his people who were trained by
Special Forces and then just became
cartels if you believe that the Mexican
military was independent and meant to do
you know intended to take out the cartel
well then it might make sense but given
that the Mexican military doesn't seem
to have any ability or even desire to
take on the cartels I kind of have to
assume that the cartel already owns the
military so my worst case scenario seems
to have come to pass we're training
Mexico how to resist military
attacks I don't think this could be
worse honestly so um I'm 100% opposed to
training the Mexican military to be
better 100% opposed and this looks to me
like a gigantic mistake that probably
started down as good
intentions but then when the real world
got in the way we like well maybe the
best we can do is train the Mexicans and
then it will look like we're doing
something but really just making
everything worse so it looks like making
everything worse to
me that's what it looks like also
apparently CNN's reporting
that the CIA has been covertly flying
these Reaper drones over Mexico now the
reaper drones are not weaponized in this
case maybe ever I don't know but they're
not weaponized uh they're just observing
and I guess they've been doing that for
a long
time but observing them doesn't seem to
help does
it and I feel like we probably already
knew that some drones were doing some
surveillance
there um did you see the video
the horrifying shocking video of the
Delta connections flight that had a
crash landing in Toronto uh at the
airport but it looks like it came in too
heavy and just ripped its wings off and
ended up upside
down and the amazing part is that uh 80
people were aboard the flight but
possibly only 18 got
injuries so there was a huge Fireball
but it looks like the
fireball kind of stayed mostly away from
the
cabin and then then there were images of
the people is you know getting off in
the
emergency and it was pretty impressive
so the good news is uh even though it
land it landed upside down when it was
done it was upside down so were all
those people strapped in upside down in
other words by the time they had to get
out were they literally trying to figure
out how to get their seab belts off
because it'd be pretty hard if you're
upside down so if that happened to me I
would never fly again there's not a
single chance that I would ever get on
an airplane if I had been on that flight
my goodness unless you want to play the
odds if you play the odds you would say
well what are the odds I'd be in two
playing crashes which actually is a good
point all right I wasn't sure if I was
going to talk about Doge today uh
partly because I'm having Doge dreams
that are really unpleasant and the Doge
dreams go like this there's a big Claim
by Doge that they found some fraud or
some waste and then some other people
say no you're reading it wrong you just
don't know how to look at the data none
of it's true and then in my dream I kept
trying to figure out what what was true
but of course you can't because it's a
dream and
I'm getting a little bit tired of it do
do any of you have Doge burnout yet or
is it just because I follow the news too
much I have complete Doge burnout all
the stories have the same feel to them
we found some big problem followed by
other people saying no you didn't you're
being mistaken you're looking at the
wrong thing and then I say well how do I
know the difference so here's the big
one um
big one is that uh they
found uh let's see $4.7 trillion in
payments that are
untraceable now if you hear that there's
$4.7 trillion in untraceable payments
the first thing you should say is over
what period of time and it wasn't in the
article you you really need to say every
single time you talk about numbers you
have to say is that for this year or
over 10 years or over 20 years otherwise
it's meaningless so the first thing I
hate about the Doge stuff is I keep
mixing one year of expense with
multi-year and then you don't really
know what happened so I'm really pissed
off about that because it makes what
would be useful story is not useful then
the claim is that because it's
untraceable it is certainly some big
source of uh
fraud that's not the claim that's let's
say the implic
but is it or is it something that's just
poorly coded are we going to find out
later that there was a way to track it
but it was in a different system or
something like that so all of these have
the fog of or problem where where you
think ah Doge really got it now they got
the they got the good stuff and then you
hear that somebody else says no they
just read it
wrong I don't know and then there's also
let's see
there's also the thing with these Social
Security
numbers there's some uh Social Security
database that has death field set to
zero or false set to false meaning that
there's
no uh death that would be measured even
if the person died which would suggest
that people are using I don't know maybe
expired not expired but Social Security
numbers of dead people but you don't
know maybe because over at Reddit
they're saying no doge is just reading
the files wrong they don't know how to
look at a cobal database which seems
unlikely that they don't know how to do
that
but so I'm getting these gigantic really
important sounding stories but I can't
tell if any of it's true and I'm getting
a little worn out by it so I might take
a I might take a uh let's say a breather
from reporting all the Doge stuff CU I
just don't know what's true I do like
that they're reporting everything they
find as they find it even if it's not
100% accurate or on point because it's
transparent so I like the transparency
but it introduces all this error which
is okay that's your first
take what what do the people who run
that system say I mean are the people
who were in charge of the system do they
say yeah you know you got us that's 4.7
trillion we didn't track whatsoever no
idea where it went or would they say you
you fool there's a different code that
we use for this kind of stuff and it's
right there you just we looking in the
wrong place could go either way so I
don't know and then there's a question
of whether we could find enough to
balance the
budget my take is not even close and I
think Thomas Massie might be on the same
page because the Congress is looking to
increase increase our debt by 25
trillion is that a over a year or is
that over time well it's over time but
uh 10 years I think but I I I'm having
trouble
believing that the Congress is so
useless that in the context of we have
to cut our expenses doge is working as
hard as possible that in that context
they would be adding more expenses than
I think doge is even
cutting
so unbelievable we have a system where
where our elected politicians can only
say yes to expenses if they say no they
can't get elected so we we need to
revise our system so that somebody is
making decisions that can stick and
somebody can make some Cuts but our
Congress can't there's no real hope of
that so we'll
see
um so apparently AI now has a brain
decoder that can read a person's thought
with a quick scan of and almost no
training so according this is according
to Live Science Skyler wear is writing
about this so I I assume this means they
put sensors on your head and they try to
read your thoughts and then they could
turn it into
text now when you think about that your
first thought is wow so cool imagine if
I could just think what I want to type
and it appeared and I'd say that would
be cool
you know maybe maybe you had just some
little I know hat or glasses or
something they could do that uh I know
cow's language you don't have to explain
it to
me I I know there's no such thing as a
cobal database you don't have to be
dicks about
it
yeah everybody I think everybody on
Rumble is
toxic like I think all the all the worst
people in the world are a
platform
anyway um so here's my question do you
think if we have that technology and we
refine it a little bit more do you think
that's what it's going to be used for do
you think it'll be used for typing
really quickly without using your
fingers I don't I think it's be going to
be used for job interviews and lie
detectors imagine having something that
could turn your thoughts into
text while you're being interviewed
intered by the police or a prospective
employer and they say all right could
you wear this hat and I have some
questions to
ask um have you ever done anything
that's super racist and then the person
says no no I've never done anything
super racist and then then you're
watching the text oh I did this once
thing it's like oh my God so I got a
feeling that our thoughts are now in
play and I don't know how you get back
from that because it's going to be so
useful if if someone were lying to you
in a job
interview knowing that would be worth a
lot of money if somebody's lying about
what crime they
committed knowing that makes a big
difference you know it's somebody's
Freedom so yes the economics of it
guarantee that your brain will be read
by
sensors uh let's talk about the price of
eggs
uh you know I've been avoiding this
price of eggs thing because I just
figure it takes care of itself you know
supply and demand plus time takes care
of itself now it's bad while it's
happening so I'm not minimizing it it's
it's a big expense for a lot of people
but doesn't it take care of itself why
would this be the one time it doesn't is
there some great uh barrier to entry for
having a
chicken so the question I wanted to ask
asked was how long does it take a a baby
chicken to have its own eggs so
apparently a baby
chicken can have eggs in six months as
as soon as four and a half depending on
some
conditions So in
theory we could take the eggs of the
well the fertilized eggs of the current
chickens and in five or 6 months those
new chickens would be laying eggs
so we should be maybe two or three six
month Cycles away from being back to
normal and that actually that's the way
I'd like to see the information I'd like
to see somebody say yeah it in one cycle
where we have new chickens six months
later that would be maybe a third of the
problem taken care of we need another
cycle and then a third cycle to get
enough chick chickens now that assumes
you don't have Aven flu and you murder
chickens or some other problem but
wouldn't you like to know that it just
solves itself in 18 months because it
might solve itself in 18 months I just
don't know so could be a problem that's
not a problem in the long
run I saw a user Eric cook say this on
that topic he said uh we have plenty of
eggs in rural Tennessee every
neighborhood has egg boxes take the eggs
leave the money they're running three to
four dollars a dozen right now though
you know I guess that's
high and how much do you love
that that you know you're in the
Civilized part of the world and you know
you you don't live next to a chicken
farmer and you think you're you're all
doing good it's like yeah I'm living in
a good part of the world I got grocery
stores all over the place and then in
rural Tennessee they have egg
boxes where where they trust you but
entirely on the um on trust
you take an egg and leave some
money I just love that I just love the
fact that in rural Tennessee this could
even
exist isn't that sort of encouraging
isn't it that there's anywhere in the
world that somebody selling eggs on the
trust basis and I won't even be there
leave a dollar if you don't have any
money just take the egg I love
that well Trump has added to his tariff
program
that uh he'll have reciprocal tariffs
for everything so the these will be in
addition to some tariffs that'll be
targeted for specific Industries but in
general he's just going to say if you
charge us this much we charge you that
much but then he added an interesting
wrinkle he is treating the vat tax the
value added tax that applies in Europe
and maybe just Europe I don't know um
he's saying that that's the same as a
tariff because if in order to sell into
your country or would it be buying I'm
confused about the vat because we don't
have that um that if you're going to tax
us or tariff it we're going to treat it
like a tariff a tax is a
tariff so he's adding the tax adding
what they're tariffing us to what
they're charging us in vat and uh making
our reciprocal thing based on that I
like
it I I was at first thinking why don't
we just do that for everything but but
sometimes um you're really just trying
to protect an industry so if you have to
protect an industry then yeah maybe you
have to have some special ones on things
like steel and cars or I don't know I'm
not sure which ones we're protecting but
uh the rest I kind of like the idea that
we're just going to do whatever you do
and if you raise it because we raised it
to your level we'll just match you we'll
just keep matching you I like that that
that's that's pure Trump and pure common
sense I like
it well over in New York State Governor
hokel is uh at least at least floating
the idea of removing New York city mayor
erab Adams from his job Eric Adams and
the big question is how is that legal I
asked grock if the if the governor can
remove a mayor and grock says no I'm
paraphrasing a long answer but no a
governor cannot remove a mayor so what
exactly is she even talking about how do
you remove a mayor they were both
voted the you the mayor doesn't report
to the governor if it's not your
boss how could you remove him there is
there some kind of weird impeachment
thing I don't know about anyway so we'll
keep keep an eye
that over in the Middle East Hamas is
going to release the bodies of four dead
hostages uh this week and I say to
myself and I guess that would be in
return from for women and children being
released from Israeli
detention
now is it just
me or do you also believe that they
wouldn't be releasing the bodies of dead
hostages unless they had already
released all the living
ones what do you think doesn't this mean
that that they don't have any living
ones
left now we can't be sure of
that uh it could be that the the ones
that are living are in such bad shape
that it would be worse than not
releasing them at least from Hamas point
of view like they wouldn't want you to
see how bad the living are so whatever
is going on here is just the
deepest
evil whatever that is anyway so we'll
keep an eye on
that according to the New York Post
gambling addictions have soared since
sport betting was legalized in most of
the US how many of you knew that sports
betting was
legalized I didn't know it until I read
that article sports betting is legalized
in most of the United States when did
that
happen under what administration I don't
remember that happening and why would it
be
legalized wouldn't you know for
sure that the gambling addicts would be
taken down by that of of course the
gambling addiction is soared and the
gambling about uh
Sports I think is the most diabolical
because everybody has that Dunning
Krueger thing you know where you think
you're smarter than you are where you
can uh you can look at the uh
sports teams and you think you know
who's going to
win I'm not sure that's a
thing you know do do you think you're
expertise will be like well this pitcher
you know pitched the game three days ago
but he's not so good in in hot
weather so you think you know something
that other people don't that's the most
dangerous gambling because that's going
to you know even if you're down to your
last penny you're still going to bet it
because you think you know more than
other people it it couldn't be a worse
situation if it were pure
gambling then it might even make more
sense because nobody would think they
have a they have a good chance of
winning that's what pure gambling is so
something like a slot
machine some people would still be
addicted to it of course as they are but
at least you would know that you
couldn't use any skill to get it get an
advantage so the same problem with
online
poker online poker players think oh I
have more skill so I can get into this
and it'll pay off man that's that's your
worst combination is thinking you know
something and also it's gambling you you
don't want to pair those two that's
that's just like asking for
trouble well in my last item here the
director of the CIA John
Ratcliffe U was saying on I think it was
on
Fox that uh Adam Schiff has uh tried to
impeach the president he's now in his
third
try now some would say that would be the
same as trying to overthrow the elected
government I think in this case it is I
don't think all impeachments are that
but in this case it's very clear that
the Trump
impeachments are all meant as just
overthrowing the government and it's
kind of
amazing that he's not in
jail you it there's something going
going on that is the weirdest thing
because like I said the the people who
pushed the co shots to the extent that
they knew what they were doing that
should be jail but I don't think it ever
will be and with shiff to the extent
that he was doing it just to remove the
president and not because he thought the
grounds of impeachment were especially
important like a phone call to Ukraine
who cared about that really
nobody um
it does look like
treason but it will never be treated
that way and you could probably come up
with 10 other examples where you say to
yourself that's not illegal you can't go
to jail for that I don't know I think
sometimes we just get used to stuff so
we just don't think of it as a crime
when obviously it is so anyway that's
all I got for
today I'm not operating at 100% today so
I apologize if this was not your usual
incredibly entertaining live
stream I I expect to be back to 100%
really soon and and I'll tell
you you never want to have a bad cough
at the same time you have an untreated
hernia and Asthma you don't want those
three things at the same time that's
that's the one thing I can tell you that
is a really tough 24 hours but I'm over
the tough part I think we'll see
all right I'm going to say a few words
privately to the locals people and
uh the rest of you I will see you
tomorrow same time same place thanks for
joining all right locals people we'll be
private in 30
seconds
e
e
e e