hello everybody hustle on in here what a
news pact
entertaining world we live in
we're gonna talk about all that stuff
Becca Becca says she's here for the
dopamine I promised and I got plenty for
you
it's dopamine time and you know how it
starts it starts with a simultaneous up
be it in a mug or a cup or a glass could
be a tanker to Stein or talents might be
a thermos could be a flask filling with
your favorite like what I like coffee
and join me now for the simultaneous sip
mmm well I'm expecting a big crowd this
morning because why wouldn't I why
wouldn't I so let's get to the smaller
stories while people are streaming in
before we get to the big story which is
color of course is Muller first of all I
told you about my concept of blocking
old trolls between now and the election
maybe forever on the first offense
so rather than interacting with trolls
I'm just blocking I have to tell you
that my first full day of doing that I
feel a lot better I didn't think I would
actually feel it you know I didn't think
that it would make such an immediate
obvious difference in my my outlook on
life but it really did so if you haven't
tried this I recommend it at the very
first sign of unpleasantness and you
don't have to wait for much could be a
bad attitude could be a disrespectful
way that they're saying something could
be a little sarcasm in the saddle place
blog you have no reason to talk to
unpleasant people alright so the what
the news is all the fake news today I
don't know if you noticed it's almost
entirely fake news I don't think there's
any news today in this real news this
might be some kind of a record and you
know it was going here because it
started with most you know years ago it
was mostly real news and a little bit of
fake news would slip in there and you
know through the election it was
probably I don't know twenty percent of
fake news but that was all the
interesting stuff so it seemed like more
I'm not sure but I think today is all
fake news I might be exaggerating but
I'm not sure I think maybe every story
today is fake news I'll give you some
sample so there's a big story about the
White House staff allegedly trying to
remove the USS McCain the naval ship
from the vicinity of where Trump was
going to be in Japan now there's no
reporting this as the Trump was aware of
any of this and the implication that
from the fake news industry is that the
White House staff figured that Trump
would freak out he'd flip out if he saw
this McCain named and somehow associated
with them so that's why it's being
reported that of course is blatantly
fake news
number one they did not cover up the
name on the ship as was reported so the
the military the Navy has now confirmed
that that never happened there was a
some kind of a tarp over it on the day
that the president wasn't there but what
he was there everything was uncovered
but it also seems to be true because
there's some memo that the White House
staff did consider getting you know
getting that boat and that name and with
the picture now is that the story you
think it is I'll tell you if I'm gonna
hire assistance yeah if I if I'm gonna
hire a White House staff I want the way
how staff who was alert enough to
understand that the president standing
in front of a ship that says McCain on
it is going to be clickbait for the the
media it would be a reason for the media
to talk about
pleasantness about McCain and Trump's
relationship when McCain was alive if
your job is to protect the president
that certainly was not about the
president's mood you've got or you know
I'm not I'm not reading minds here I'm
just gonna say that that would be the
least plausible explanation the most
plausible explanation is that the White
House staff is very smart did you see
that did you see that interpretation in
the news oh well the obvious
interpretation is that the White House
staff is very smart because if they get
a picture of Trump next to McCain any
kind of suggestion of McCain that's
where the stories give it go and why
would you want that when he's having a
good trip in Japan there'd be no reason
to put him in that position where the
media would have a free punch so
compliments to whoever it was on the
White House staff who was alert enough
to know that putting the McCain name and
Trump in the same photograph would have
been a mistake so I say if there's
somebody who's a specific person who had
that that will say that insight that
person needs to get promoted because
that's the smartest person on your staff
everybody on the staff who didn't know
that that that was a bad idea anybody
who would have let the president stand
in front of McCain his name on a ship
that person's not your strongest player
but whoever said don't do that that's
probably your that's that's your best
staff member right there so that's the
first thing
then we've got Trump did a poorly worded
tweet and here's an example people often
attack me and they say you you are not
credible because you'd never say the
president makes a mistake everything you
say is an apology for the president you
just support him well here's an example
where I clearly will not so here's the
president's tweet which got it in
trouble and this is just an own-goal
this is just an unforced error
all right so you're listening to me
talking about President Trump making an
unfair stare in in the realm of
persuasion so just just remember that so
here's his unforced error in this tweet
he said Russia Russia Russia that's all
you heard at the beginning of the
witch-hunt hoax I like that he's going
into witch-hunt hoax that's new and now
Russia has disappeared because I had
nothing to do with Russia helping me to
get elected and then there's some more
but it doesn't matter so here's the the
offending sentence and now Russia has
disappeared because I had nothing to do
with Russia helping me to get elected so
it was interpreted as an admission that
he believes Russia helped him get
elected so that was just an error
apparently he later clarified that he
got elected on his own it wasn't Russia
but certainly that's a poorly worded
sentence I think what he meant was that
he had nothing to do with it you know
and then the question of whether they
were effective or not is a separate
question but it doesn't say that so this
is just a mistake
all right but it exists as fake news
because of his poor wording it was
reported that he intended to admit that
Russia got him elected that didn't
happen that definitely didn't happen it
was a poorly worded tweet that's all it
was speaking of news this fake news
there's a a certain senator whose name I
don't want to say because I will get
banned on social media do you all know
what senator that is let's say this
first name is Steve and he would be a
person who would be married to a queen
so who what would be the title of
somebody married to a queen that's who
I'm talking about
Steve married to a queen and I don't
mean you know I mean a royalty Queen not
not the other meaning he has made I
think the same dumb mistake
leaves three times and I can't defend
how poorly he's presenting himself he's
he's really digging himself in a hole
that he dug for himself and he just
keeps digging but here's but he's mostly
a victim of fake news because was what
Steve keeps saying I'm sorry is not a
senator is representative representative
Steve married to a queen yes not a
senator so he keeps saying that there's
something special about western or
United States culture now when he says
some cultures are better than others he
clarifies and he says by culture I mean
for example people who have the
Constitution of the United States and
have a similar feeling about how the
country should run I'm paraphrasing
that's the sense of it it's sort of
patterned around the Constitution or
maybe the Magna Carter before that
that's what he means by culture now he
also very clearly says that he's talking
about all Americans people of all
ethnicities genders be vague a be they
straight be they belong to be they read
yet he very clearly says no no I'm not
talking about ethnicities and people I'm
talking about the set of rules that the
big melting pot of America lives by is a
pretty good set of rules he calls it a
culture of course the news says well
there he goes
being a racist again and then he says
wait a minute I didn't mention race I
specifically excluded race I was talking
about a common set of rules that we call
a culture and some sets of rules or
cultures are better than others that's
all I'm saying and we shouldn't assume
that they're all the same that makes
sense right
one set of rules about how to act is not
going to be exactly equal to another set
of rules about how to act
doesn't matter what people you put in
either system some systems are better
than other systems most interesting
anybody could ever say and of course the
need see it end reports that as well
there he goes being a racist again
exactly what wasn't happening
specifically what wasn't happening
clearly specifically stated in the
clearest words that's not what I'm
saying
and then reported as well that's
obviously what he's saying so that's
that's the quality of your news today
did you see the news that there was a
man who set himself on fire near the
White House yesterday literally a man
set himself on fire near the White House
that man's name was Bob Muller I'll just
let that sink in for a while so let's
talk about let's talk about Bob Muller
so Muller goes on TV and he gives his
little statement about essentially
exactly what was in his report how did
the news report it the news both on Fox
News and CNN largely said the same thing
at first you know the real news people
not not the opinion people but the news
people you know the bread bears you know
the news not the opinions they reported
that Muller completely contradicted or
were said something in opposition to
Barr if you watched it live and you were
watching the coverage that was the news
universally Muller is saying something
completely different than bar and this
is big big news everybody sent it right
both sides I made a prediction at I
checked the time at 11:00 a.m. my time I
made the following tweeted prediction I
said prediction : when we see Muller's
and Bars comments side by side in
writing not verbally they will start to
morph in our minds from totally
opposites to completely compatible
now how many people agreed with me when
I said that well a few a few people said
yeah I can kind of see that but mostly
people said scoff scoff scoff these are
opposites nothing could be more opposite
you heard it with your own ears Scott
you heard it with your own ears I heard
it don't tell me it's the same I heard
it with my own ears that's what most
people said few hours later Attorney
General bars office and the special
counsel clarified on the issue of the
OLC which is the rule that says you
don't indict a sitting president and
that's where people thought that the
difference was they said that there was
no discrepancy
so both bars organization and Muller's
organization immediately reported that
there was no discrepancy and that they
actually were completely compatible
nobody in the world but me predicted
that within the first hour - I was first
a number of the obviously now a number
of people have have come to that
position which was exactly the
prediction the prediction was we would
start here and it would be wait for it
and illusion that's my specialty
my specialty is identifying hoaxes and
illusions I believe and I've been
telling you this for years that I have a
learned skill set that gives me an
advantage in doing that and I try to
prove it by making public predictions
this one I felt was kind of obvious cuz
you see I went out on a limb I put my
skin in the game if you see if you make
a prediction that specific in public on
Twitter you're putting some skin in the
game all right
now I would I would say that I'm not
special in the skill set or a talent
stack as I call it
mic Serna Mitch would be another one he
has a similar talent stack and and can
see hoaxes faster than other people and
you should look for that because he has
the same skill set alright let's talk a
little bit about what Muller did first
of all let's talk about why why did bomb
Muller go out there and use language
that seemed to be a different emphasis
from what Barra used when bar first
summarized the report I remember that
Muller agreed that bar was being
faithful to the report but the way you
describe things can bias the listener in
different ways by what things you
emphasize what things you do emphasize
the exact words you use Barr used words
that leaned toward not guilty slash
exoneration without ever using
exoneration the president took that I
would say generous interpretation and
used a little hyperbole and said
exonerate it it's all over nothing found
now imagine if your Muller you just
worked for years on a piece of work that
you're really proud of you put in your
heart and soul you took all the heat you
took all the arrows and when you were
done you watched the president
misinterpret it
put yourself in Muller's head he did all
this work all this money was spent all
this attention all the abuse he got he
couldn't say anything because you know
he's sort of a straight arrow and he
doesn't like to know he's not about the
public stuff he's not about the
persuasion he's about the facts and he
had to sit there after years of working
on this product listening to the
president misrepresent it because it did
not say exonerated you know it didn't
say that so here's my best guess and
again I'm gonna use clear words this is
this is a gas at speculation we can't
read his mind
but wouldn't you agree with the general
base statement the Muller had to really
really hate the way the President and
Republicans were interpreting you know
he hated that because you can't imagine
anybody in that situation who would not
have hated hearing that interpretation
so if you were to ask me what is the
most reasonable explanation of why
Muller spudding in the opposite
direction it's because he was responding
to bars spin in other words he was
showing that you could use I mean this
is my interpretation but he was
presenting it in a way that completed
the picture the picture the bar gave was
there's no reason to think a crime
committed this is um I'm interpreting
that's not what Barr said so the bars
spin was no reason to think a crime
happened that was half of the story
because the other half was no reason to
think it didn't
meaning that it's not that clear Muller
if you want to give him the most
generous interpretation it would be that
he completed the picture because now the
public can see there were two versions
that use the same set of facts
one version leans a little bit hmm I
think there's something here and the
other doesn't bark to you that's the
molar version and the other is barn
well there's not enough here let's let's
move on so it does seem to me that if
you if you could make the generous
interpretation that Muller is a straight
arrow he simply wanted his work to be
cooked to be presented in the clearest
possible light that bars spin was a
little bit too much of a spin but not
not incorrect it was simply a way of
communicating then left people with the
wrong impression perhaps so he spun it
the other way so you could see both
movies at the same time now let's talk
about
let's talk about what the actual
potential evidence of a crime was
because because Muller used language
that basically said I'm not not saying
he's innocent
or no he's not not guilty basically the
I heard Dan bunch you know say that
first I'm sure other people have said it
but now that the country said what heck
there's no such thing as not not guilty
people are innocent until proven guilty
but what's different about this is that
by the time Muller talked his report was
already public you know most of it
anyway the parts that mattered and so we
had already passed the point where and a
person who was not going to be charged
was already embarrassed by all the
information now in a perfect world if if
a decision is made not to charge
somebody at the same time you don't show
any information that everybody agrees
that that's the fair way to do it but
since this was a special case where the
information was made public and in fact
the president made a public you know
he'll he didn't resist that so in that
special case where we already saw all
the bad information putting his spin on
it was not the same crime as if he had
decided to give us information we didn't
have there was no new information and
and just showing the information I would
argue is the bad part but as much as you
watch this can you figure out yet
what is this evidence that he might have
been guilty have you taken the time to
google the the ten incidents that that
Muller talked about that were the the
sort of the sketchy activities with
which he said you can't conclude that no
crime happened right you can't say you
you can say he's not not guilty you just
don't know there's stuff so I took the
time to look at that that list today oh
my god his week so the total list of all
the things that he did they fall
to these categories and by the way this
what I'm going to say next is actually
from Muller's own words in the report
there and I'm paraphrasing yet but the
the point of making comes from the molar
report but not the exact words
so here were the categories that those
ten incidents that are questionable fall
into number one there are things that
are done as part of Trump's job is there
any way that you could imagine the Trump
would be prosecuted by twelve jurors for
doing something that would be well
within his job description such as
firing Comey I can't really imagine a
Kenya and this is the Dershowitz point
that if a president is doing his job the
normal things that a president does
hiring and firing and certainly there
were reasons to fire call me Comey gave
him completely legitimate reasons not to
be trusted
so if anything fell into that category
of things he was just doing his job
could the best lawyer in the world
determined that that was a crime they
can't the best lawyers in the world
could look at the same set of facts and
go oh no might be a crime might not be
now compare that to a crime such as
murder or you know burglary if we're
talking about a common crime and you
knew all the facts there were no facts
and questions like well here's a video
of the guy going in the house we've got
his DNA he admitted it we know all the
facts person went in your house took
some things and left you wouldn't have
to ask about their state of mind lawyers
would not be arguing about whether a
crime had been committed the facts would
be crystal clear that's not the case
here the smartest lawyers in the world
could look at these same facts and say
[Music]
no maybe could be you can make an
argument for it but probably it'd be
hard to convince the jury
here's another things he did in public
so there are things that the
president said in public things we
tweeted said things he said such as
calling on whatever he did I guess one
of them was he he in public he failed to
rule out pardoning Manafort is that a
crime is it a crime to fail to limit
your own options is it ever a crime to
say I'm not going to limit all my
options
what lawyer is gonna take that to court
alright here's another one another
category and again it's not one thing
it's these are categories according to
mo the other category is things that
could easily have had other intentions I
don't know if this was one of the
examples but I'll use it as my example
if the president paid stormy Daniels to
protect his marriage but it also had
obvious benefits for his election
process it's not illegal according to
Dershowitz if I'm correctly interpreting
so if you're wondering about somebody's
intentions and there's another reason
that they could have done something
could you get a conviction no because we
don't send people to jail based on
mind-reading we can't read people's
intentions and say okay the things you
did we're all legal except for we know
what you were thinking and that makes it
illegal that's pretty hard to prove all
right so when Muller says I can't say he
didn't do anything oh and then there's a
summary and and this is an exact quote I
believe from the Muller reports at least
the article that I read suggested this
game from the Moller report exact quote
toward the end of their discussion about
the many events that they thought he was
guilty of was this sentence at the end
judgments about the nature of the
president's and motives during each
phase and those are the phases I was
talking about the three phases or no the
phases would be doesn't matter but so
forget about what phases mean because
there's no special meaning here
judgments about the nature of the
president's motives during each phase
would be informed by the totality of the
evidence so in other words Muller is
saying the only way you could deduce the
president's intentions is not by any one
thing or one event but rather you would
have to see them as a tapestry what do
you call it when there's no hard
evidence of a crime but there are all
these pieces of evidence that only makes
sense if you were to look at them all at
once
confirmation bias yeah it's the laundry
list persuasion now do you think that
you could get a jury of 12 people to
agree that they could read the
president's freaking mind and find his
intentions by although you know by by
pouring through his you know picking
through his scat you know what exactly
should they look at his horoscope to you
know how deep should they go to look at
all of the evidence that would tell you
what he's thinking in his intentions
it's not something that can be done so
let's get back to Muller's
interpretation Muller said he I can't I
can't determine that no crime happened I
just described the you know summary of
the the 10 things I can't determine that
there's a crime in there I'm looking at
him too I can't tell
can you can you look at the 10 things
that are described and know for sure
that the president didn't have two
purposes can we know that it wasn't part
of his job and he had a reason to do it
could we know the things he did in
public right in front of everybody
intentionally in public was meant to be
like some kind of obstruction of justice
could you get a jury to believe that the
that the things he says in public or
instruction of justice even if they're
just normal things to say for example
refusing to rule out
for Manafort who's gonna argue that
that's obstruction of justice a
president always keeps his options open
if you smart
so doesn't seem reasonable that Muller
would say I can't rule out that this
could be a crime because you know what
you can't rule it out even I can't rule
it out I cannot rule out that somebody
had secret thoughts that I don't know
about do you know what else I can't rule
out that you have secret thoughts that I
don't know about you can't rule out that
I have secret thoughts you don't know
about but the legal system doesn't
really treat those as much so a bar
looked at it you looked at the totality
of it and said quite reasonably I think
if this were anybody else nope no
prosecution would happen don't you agree
if you had this week a body of evidence
if you could even call that would anyone
else who is not president Trump be taken
to court with what we just described
crimes of we think you're thinking this
just doing his job no there's not even
the slightest chance
so Barr did what he should do he made a
decision and he biased toward innocence
because innocence is the natural state
of a citizen in the United States and
there was no information that could
change that but at the same time it's
also true that Muller and you and I are
on the same page we can't tell if a
crime was committed the only way we
would know if a crime was committed is
literally to read the president's mind
and nobody can do that so I would say
that Muller and Barr their comments are
completely compatible there's stuff but
unless you're a mind reader that stuff
doesn't have meaning Barr says their
stuff and unless you're a mind reader
you can't put meaning on it and my job
is to make a decision on Bob Barr I'm
the Attorney General so I'm going to
make a decision
if this were anybody else there's no way
this would go forward so that's what you
got
I was watching tucker carlson last night
which was you know i gotta say sometimes
tucker carlson show is the only place i
learned anything and and last night you
show was again it was a masterpiece
frankly i mean it was just it was just a
beautiful thing and I mean that in terms
of the way that he framed and explained
things that the guests and he had on the
way they explained things it was really
really good better better than anything
I saw yesterday and one of the guests
was asked to describe about all this
known persistent Russian interference in
the election and I've had the same
question which is why do we keep hearing
there was all this interference from the
Russians and the election and it was
persistent and it was it was a big deal
but why don't I know what that is
what is it how come I why is it that I
watch the news all the time and it's the
biggest story in the country for a year
and yet I don't know what they did now I
know a few things I did but they
couldn't possibly fall into the category
of a big deal one is they had this
amateurish little troll farm that they
spend forty six thousand dollars the
guest sack I've heard a hundred thousand
but it's a tiny number whatever it is on
some ads that look like they were made
by high school students if you've seen
the ads you know that they had no no
effect on the election he could they
could have spent a billion dollars on
those particular ads those ads that
would have made a difference you could
just look at him they're a completely
harmless useless
PAP they look like they were just done
by trolls on Twitter which they were so
I thought is it just that is that the
evidence but there's also the part about
the Russian hacking and and the the gr
is it the the you know the spook
intelligence organization is alleged to
have hacked servers in the United States
and passed that information and the
Democratic servers have passed that to
WikiLeaks
I got that right and so doctor asked
what is the evidence for that and the
guests explained wait for it there is a
vetti there isn't any
now when I say Oh GRU sorry the GRU is
the russian intelligence organization
now when I say there isn't any evidence
that Russia hacked the Democratic server
and gave the information to WikiLeaks
what I mean by that is the molar report
doesn't tell us how they know and
actually you use words and that's the
first I heard it it's the first Tucker
heard it too because he stopped his
guests short and said wait a minute am i
hearing this right how did I miss that
if you read the molar report he uses
some word like evidently or probably or
you know or apparently and it doesn't
give you any explanation of how we you
know the details of how we wouldn't know
what was happened
now of course you're saying to yourself
Scott Scott SOT these are all secret
ways we know things maybe we bugged
Putin some way we don't want to give it
up we don't want to give it up so we're
you know trust us the security you know
where where are the intelligence people
of the United States we have your best
interests in mind yeah I think the word
was appears it appears that the Russians
did it now keep in mind this is Muller
he didn't say the Russians did it he
said it appears they did it does that
look the same to you up here say that it
because appears they did it maybe it
suggests that we have secret ways of
knowing it and he didn't want to give
that up maybe possible can't rule down
but here's the fun part and Tuckers
guest I wish I remembered his name
because he was he was he was phenomenal
as a guest he should come back so his
guest explains that I'm reading your
comments Harry I lost my train of
thought for a minute so here's the part
so the guest explained in
how I think I maybe heard this but I
heard it in a different context before
and when he put it together like my eyes
just went boying
apparently Bob Muller when he was head
of the FBI testified that Iraq had
weapons of mass destruction
did you know that did you know that when
Bob Muller was head of the FBI he
testified that Iraq had weapons of mass
destruction the other people who were
testifying or at least should have known
or part of that was clapper and bread
and I think in in their older jobs now
given that we know our own intelligence
services are unreliable and let's let's
just say what it is our own intelligence
services in the United States are
unreliable that's just a statement of
fact wouldn't you say
likewise Bob Muller we know is
unreliable on this very sort of question
he's not unreliable on other things and
you know I'm saying well he you know he
maybe he cheated on his taxes so I think
he's lying about that nothing like that
and by the way I don't think he cheated
on his taxes I'm saying that Bob Muller
is unreliable on this exact question of
whether intelligence is real or we have
interpreted too much into it but if he
used the word you know apparently or
anything like that it's pretty much an
acknowledgment that either were not sure
or maybe the best interpretation is he
doesn't want to give away the fact that
we are sure because we got secretive
means to find out those stuff I just
don't think the central claim of the
whole hoax is even a little bit credible
at this point the primary claim that
Russia hacked and that they made some
kind of a big difference with this troll
farm I believe are the only pieces of
that are at least the important ones and
they're not even slightly credible based
on what Muller himself says so I'm not
I'm not making up facts I'm looking at
we got them we have a non credible
person who doesn't even claim it's true
he claims it looks like it's true if a
non credible person who has a history of
being wrong about something and almost
destroyed our country and did destroy
other countries says something well it
looks like it's true I can't be sure
what do you do with that we certainly
shouldn't trust it you know you
definitely shouldn't trust it all right
how perfect is it that Bob Barr is on
vacation I swear if you were gonna write
this simulation this is this is just the
way you do it you would write it so the
Bob Barr was on vacation so that the
media could just be wrestling with this
Muller thing without Bob Barr coming
inside oh yeah what mother said that's
basically what I said he just used
different words the whole thing would
have gone away if Muller was here
if Muller had been not and a touch and
on vacation he's in Alaska or something
I think if he had been around people who
said Bob are his didn't all her
represent this right and bar would have
said yeah I would use different words
but yeah that's basically compatible the
whole thing would have going away so
it's just perfect that he was on
vacation alan dershowitz has turned on
Muller he was a Muller supporter until
recently and when Muller did his you
know possibly guilty explanation about
Trump Alan Dershowitz quite correctly
says we don't live in the country where
you do that sort of thing
now I think Alan Dershowitz maybe is not
putting enough weight on the fact that
the the information and the Muller
report was already public that probably
was you know you could argue that was
the bigger problem but it also had an
overriding public interest so it was a
special case once the public once all
that information was out there what
Muller said was essentially the same
thing he said
report so I think alan dershowitz in
this case maybe be having a how would i
say this i think he's having a citizen
reaction as opposed to a lawyer reaction
as a citizen you should be plenty angry
about somebody being accused of a crime
without evidence in public especially
when your government is doing it so I
think Ellender she would sense of
justice is what's being you know
certainly is what's being offended here
but given this strange case where we
already had the facts and all Mahler did
was restate what was in the facts we
already had I don't know that his
statements in public made things worse
I don't yeah he had already done
whatever he was going to do all right
look at my other notes here let's talk
about impeachment now some people are
saying that this is a you know an
outline for impeachment that basically
it was a gift to the Democrats that they
can use for fundraising and everything
else
this is Pietschmann question is really
interesting because it's it's common
knowledge although it might not be true
in this case but it only matters that
everybody thinks it's true
so both the left and the right would
agree on the following statement
impeachment process would guarantee
Trump gets reelected
would you agree all the experts the
pundits they might be wrong but it's
notable that both the left and the right
and say that with a sense of certainty
now it's based on history and you have
to be really careful because Trump
violates all history there's nothing
about the Trump experience that you can
say well look at the history and now we
know how this is gonna go cuz that just
doesn't work with him he's he's too much
of an outlier but let's say people
believe it they believe in Pietschmann
is the worst possible thing what do you
make of the fact that the Democrats
running for president except for Biden
are all coming out in favor of
impeachment
while holding the fort is Pelosi it
apparently Biden what do you make of it
well what I make of it is that the
Democrats know that Pelosi won't let the
impeachment happen so my interpretation
can't read minds but if you were to look
at this just strategically what would be
the smart thing to do so and maybe I'm
being generous that the Democrats are
acting smart but the smartest thing to
do is if you're a Democrat running for
for president you should say yes there
it is I'm in favor of impeachment let's
push that impeachment because you're
safe because it's not going to happen as
long as Pelosi is willing to hold the
line and as long as Biden is on her side
it's not going to happen so they get a
free pass that the Democrats can call
for it because that's popular and their
voters will like it
but they don't have to worry about
getting what they want so the Democrats
are literally calling for something they
don't want to happen right in front of
you now if Pelosi changes her mind
unless this officially go forward I'm
gonna be real surprised because she's
the key to making this scam work the
scam is that they're calling for
impeachment and they don't want it
because it's bad for them but as long as
she's holding the line they could do
that so don't expect Pelosi to throw the
entire Democratic field under the bus
unless she decides that Biden is her man
or a candidate let's say less sexist
listen if she decides that Biden is her
candidate you know that's good enough
reason to throw everybody else under the
bus and not do a Pietschmann Oh either
way she's throwing everybody under the
bus let's talk about Biden so could you
agree that I'm the first person to
notice that he was hiding and he was
intentionally staying out of the
headlines we certainly found out why
when finally some video emerged of him
you know giving a shoulder rub or not
shoulder rub but he was he was touching
and getting chummy with
we're all in public now I I'm on the
camp that says that there's no
indication that Joe Biden has any kind
of pedophile no kind of sexual
intentions there's no evidence of it
right and we have you know these
suspicions and things look sketchy and
it looks creepy and that's all true
but he's lived a long time to have
nobody accuse him of an actual sexual
act you don't get that old and have no
accusations that are like serious ones
unless you're really just creepy uncle
who is a little handsy but not over the
line so that's my opinion my opinion
could change the effects change I'll
change my opinion but I think he's
probably feels it's innocent and can't
tell the difference
it's just that who he is that's my guess
but he did go on video and say that he
wouldn't do this anymore and then he
went on video in public and it's not the
first time there's some earlier videos
in which he was handsy with adult women
but that didn't have the same visceral
impact on us as when we saw him you know
holding hands with this little girl and
parading around and holding her
shoulders and getting close to her head
and stuff and your creepy meter just
goes off you go ahh so the problem is
that Biden is completely unlike t'l let
me put it to you in historical terms but
again you have to be careful about
history when Trump is involved when was
the last time that you saw a a first
term president lose the election for the
second term when these two when these
two factors were in play number one the
economy was great and number two the
Challenger had far less charisma than
the incumbent because the times that you
can affirm you you get a one-term
president when you've got a Ronald
Reagan charisma against a Jimmy Carter
and the economy is not good you get a
one-term president if you have a Bill
Clinton gigantic charisma
all the talent in the world and and
you're running against a weak economy
and a low charisma incumbent Bush those
are the conditions that get you a
one-term president
we have exactly the opposite like a
incredible economy and the most
charismatic president we've ever had
running against somebody who looks like
pocket-lint
when I look at Joe Biden I actually
think of Pocket lint in terms of his
charisma like it's just it's so absent
it's painful now I wouldn't have said
that before President Trump
set the standard of what charisma looks
like you know I would have said Biden
had charisma you know if you'd asked me
10 years ago but at the moment he looks
like a doddering old the handsy guy with
all of the charisma of pocket-lint and
he doesn't have a chance what do you
make of the fact that he's the he's
leading in the polls at the same time he
doesn't have a chance
here's what I say I believe that the
Democrats at least the the strategic
ones you know not all the voters but the
strategic ones have decided that they
can't win this next election given the
current conditions now they'll probably
still try they might introduce a few new
hoaxes they might try to manipulate
social media but probably probably they
don't think he has a chance now if you
knew that your team was going to lose
the next next contest the next election
what would be the smartest strategic
thing to do if you knew you were going
to lose just think about that for a
moment and then I'll give you the answer
what would be the smartest thing you
could do if you knew you were going to
lose the next election because I think
they know that the smartest thing you
could do is to throw the most disposable
politician against it somebody who won't
hurt you too much but also is not ruined
for the election after so Biden is
basically a sack of
special candidate there's no chance he
can win and there's no chance you would
want to run again here's the key there's
no chance that Biden would run again
four years later because he'd be he
would age out of it he's really aged out
of it already but by then it would be
you know unambiguous so all of the
candidates who are not Joe Biden are
essentially in sort of a American Idol
type competition to see who can develop
some charisma who can get a little
distance you know who can look like a
credible person for 2024 so it seems to
me that the Democrats are playing for
2024 because they have a candidate who
couldn't possibly win and let me give
you a put some meat on that if you look
at the the most effective plays against
candidate Trump when he was running for
election yeah one of the biggest things
that was that people said about him
mostly in Hillary Clinton and then all
the Democrats they said he was a sexist
and they would give you know this
example that example that example but
that's completely taken away with Joe
Biden one of the strongest attacks
against as president doesn't work if
your candidate is Joe Biden because he's
a little too handsy right and even if
he's not done anything illegal and I
think he is not I would not accuse him
of that there's no evidence of that he's
he's not 2019 material if you don't I
mean he doesn't have the 2019
sensibility about how men and women act
the racism claims are not not nearly as
effective in the second term because the
president has back to prison reform the
president has great unemployment numbers
and nothing happened in those years that
looks like obvious you know some kind of
Hitler racism thing so before you can
imagine that maybe those things would
happen because people were all worked up
with her
Trump derangement syndrome and they were
imagining the worst but now you don't
have to imagine what a president Trump
looks like you know
you have no one you have no unknowns
about the president in terms of who he
is you know what he's likely to do you
know the details of course you have a
question but the general vibe is pretty
well known and you but Biden because he
has not been president and he's kind of
old he is a bit of a risk there's one
thing that people don't like it's risk
when things are going well voters don't
like to introduce risk into the system
when things are going well and thanks
for going well Trump is a big part of
why things are going well if you put in
somebody else would they also do well
maybe maybe the other person will do
even better but it's a risk you don't
introduce risk when things are going
this well Trump introduced risk when
things were not going that well when
when there was a legitimate list of
things they were pretty big problems but
they're sort of not big problems they'll
likewise Trump is had made progress on
free market impact on health care you
know he's done some things such as
they've they sped up the approval of
generics which really lowers prices that
makes a big difference he's introduced
transparency in pricing this should make
a big difference and selling across
state lines or insurance across state
lines banding together that should make
a big difference there are a whole bunch
of other things that they've done to
introduce market forces two years from
now will the president be able to say I
stopped the growth of health care
expenses probably yes think about that
by 2020 he's probably gonna be able to
say prices were going up like this until
I get elected I did all these things to
introduce competition and then it
leveled off it might still be up but
it's gonna go from this to more like
this that's a pretty good story it's not
a great story
you know I've said often on left to
Bernie and until everybody has good
healthcare coverage in some way whether
it's you know ideally through insurance
I'm not happy so that wouldn't be good
enough for me or even close but it's
certainly a good story for getting
reelected here's something interesting I
don't remember anybody saying this
before I did so I'm gonna claim credit
for it as a prediction I'll say for sure
that I did hear from somebody else
before I said it but I won't claim that
nobody else said it before I did because
I don't know what everybody in the world
is saying all that way early in this
Russia collusion stuff way before the
Muller report came out way early
I said yeah so there might be a backpack
covering a back pad coming up I said
this looks everything like British
interference in our election how is this
not British interference there are way
too many British connections in the
story from of course Christopher Steele
who they call an X and X buy for a
Britain as if there's such a thing if
you bought that that there's such a
thing as an ex-spy if you believe that
you'll believe anything
all right I don't think there's any such
he might not be on the payroll there's
no such thing as an ex-spy you're either
a spy for life or you never were one all
right in my opinion I'm exaggerating a
little bit not much
so now Trump has weaponized the justice
system to look for the cause of the
steel dossier and to find out how all
this started at the same time Teresa may
step down
connect the dots if there was British
interference was and Benny was somebody
needs to fact-check be honest because
I'm just spitballing here but wasn't
Theresa May in charge during the time
that if
there were actual British interference
and obviously it was because Christopher
Steele's British wouldn't wouldn't that
be cruel you know Teresa Mays
administration and maybe she's leaving
at the right time somebody says that
seems thin Scott yeah her stated reason
is because it brexit and that would be
plenty of reason enough but it's mighty
convenient mighty convenient so don't be
surprised if a year from now common
knowledge is that Great Britain
interfered with our election and aren't
you glad that that Teresa may step down
because she wouldn't a blasted she would
have been run that involves assuming
that you know the investigation finds
that she was aware of some kind of
interference in the election she
certainly had the motive all right make
sure that I kid everything that and yeah
I'll remind you again that this can be
seen in replay in an hour or so one or
two hours usually over on YouTube you
would google the phrase real coffee with
Scott Adams and it will pop up and that
is one of the ways that I monetize this
and allows you to see this without any
commercials but if you want to see it
later with a different format you can
see it on YouTube but you can also see
here replay depending on which
experience you like best I use whatever
money I make from this to improve the
improves the message basically improves
the technology make sure you can see it
on different platforms so should you
either donate through the interface by
win hub app which is my startups app
somebody says Scott Adams try adderall I
would love to try a how to roll that's
another that's a story for another day I
will tell you that in college I had a
few experiences with whatever the
adderall precursor was you know the
earlier version of that and it does turn
you into a super human
if you don't need a phrase ADHD is just
speed now you should not get hooked on
drugs there's nothing good about that I
don't recommend it but I can see why
people liked it all right I think that's
all I think this order so please go try
blocking all of you are trolls block and
block and block them and you will reduce
their signal let me put this in start
their terms if you're worried that the
social media platforms will put their
finger on the scale I hate using that
analogy but yeah there's not another one
that works as well if you're worried
that the social media platforms will
bias the election you can bias the
election - you can bias it by following
people who agree with you and boosting
their signal you can you can influence
it by blocking the trolls and the people
were just unpleasant
I would not block credible people who
just have a different opinion no reason
to block them in fact it would help you
it's good to see different opinions but
if they're just unpleasant blocking on
the first try never never interact with
them and you will reduce their signal
because there are interactions with you
or part of their signal and part of it
frankly is just to discourage you from
using social media I I wonder sometimes
what is the real point of the trolls
you know the alleged media matters
trolls etc who come after me every once
awhile
I wonder what is it they're exactly
trying to accomplish because they don't
say things that are really different
information so much sometimes they do
but mostly mostly they're just coming
over to be abusive and the best I can
imagine is that they're trying to
discourage you from using social media
they're trying to essentially be so
awful that you just don't want to sign
on anymore which would reduce your
signal so don't let them reduce it your
signal don't let their unpleasant in
this do anything but get you a little
dopamine hit for blocking them you
we'll learn that you'll get a little bit
of good feeling for blocking them
because you know they don't want that
it's the last thing they want is to get
blocked so give them the last thing they
want a block without an interaction and
that's all I have for you today go forth
and have a good day