bum bum bum bum bum bum bum you know has
anybody noticed that the farmers
insurance it uses my theme song except I
think they came up with it first they've
got this little theme song where they go
we are farmers bump a bump bump bump
sounds a lot like my music doesn't it
speak in music I'm not a music guy but I
had to check out Kanye's album ei ye yeh
and oh my god it's so good I just had to
tell you that so if you if you care
about music more than I do you're gonna
have to check that out
I'll tell you what was amazing about it
my big complaint with music is that when
you're listening to a band or an artist
song they might have one big hit and
then all the rest is just either boring
or it sounds the same but you'll it you
can listen to Kanye's music and it just
is never the same it doesn't sound like
anybody else it doesn't even sound like
a genre you know it uses it seems to
borrow from genres and it's the most
creative thing I've ever heard from
music I don't know if it's the most I've
ever heard but the the level of sheer
artistic genius and that thing is just
off the hook anyway enough about that
some of you saw the president's tweet
about the red hand restaurant if you
didn't let me read it to you the red
hand restaurant this is from President
Trump and as you know they refused
service for Sarah Sanders the red head
restaurant should focus more on cleaning
its filthy canopy its doors and windows
badly needs a paint job rather than
refusing to serve a fine person like
Sarah Huckabee's
I always had a rule if a restaurant is
dirty on the outside it's dirty on the
inside you know he's definitely the
funniest president all right that
wouldn't I think that would speaks for
itself now you might ask yourself is
that gonna be good or bad for business
for the red hem and my my guess is in
the short run they might actually get
more business because people will say
I'm going to support support that
restaurant that has my same politics so
in the short run they probably picked up
business in the long run and the long
run this is a sort of tweet that sort of
settles in with people after a while
it's like hey this building is dirty on
the outside so here's the great part
about it I've told you before how the
president likes to frame things and
brand things so you are continually
reminded for example some of you just
reminded me to take the simultaneous up
because you know you missed it let's do
that simultaneous sip with me it's my
way so the president by branding this
Red Hen restaurant as being filthy on
the outside and by the way I don't know
if it is but let's say it's imperfect on
the inside he's caused everybody who
sees the outside of it to be reminded of
his tweet so if there's any imperfection
on the outside of this restaurant
there's a maybe a bird did his business
on the awning a little bit of paint
flicked off anything where's your brain
gonna go president's tweet dirty on
the outside must be filthy on the inside
just yours like this automatic
connection he made so in the long run I
would expect business to go down in the
short run they might get a bump from the
publicity
so anyway that was kind of Larry's
you're seeing more examples of Trump
supporters specifically in in the
administration being being run out of
places and insulted in ways that we've
never seen before it seems to be getting
getting more personal than it ever has
and one of the big questions that people
ask is what's this gonna do for the
midterm and I think I told you that I
feel personally physically threatened
for my security because of this
situation that's developing and as a
simply as a self defense I've decided to
get involved at least persuasion wise
with increasing the the turnout the
Republican turnout for the midterms
because I think that if they take down
the president I don't know where this
ends really and so there probably is an
enormous the stakes are probably
enormous now I don't agree with
Republican policies on everything I'm
not a Republican but it's a dangerous
situation and I I'm gonna go change
change tracks here for a moment well so
let me just say I'm going to do some
more persuasion on turnout and it seems
to me the best persuasion is that they
might be coming for you next because
they have decided to demonize Trump
supporters as less than human you know
where that ends up don't you so the less
than human demonization that's happening
now it's one thing when politicians do
it to each other because that's just
sort of the game but when they start to
express you know explicitly turning you
against each other if your politicians
are turning the citizens
against each other that's as bad as you
can be as a politician Maxine Waters who
has publicly now called for Trump
administration people to be harassed
wherever they live work or eat actually
she actually went in public and said to
harass them where they where they live
and work and eat because they're so bad
and I say to myself that is the worst
politician I've ever seen
you could even forget about forget about
her policies anybody who turns Americans
against each other is automatically in
the bottom 1% of all politicians it's
certainly the worst thing you could
possibly do now I know people will say
but the president has done that too no I
would argue the president has tried to
turn not turn but has tried to make
America the team in friendly competition
with other countries and so he's
preferred people on his team just as
coach Kerr prefers people on the
Warriors but the media of course has
turned that into something horrible now
the question you might ask yourself and
this is the part of our coffee with
Scott Adams I wanted to talk about how
to get rid of bias in politics let's
talk about that and to talk about that
we need to go to the whiteboard so as
you know human beings are horrible bias
robots we're just full of bias for
everything we think we have knowledge
and reason and opinion and stuff but we
don't were mostly bias and then we
rationalize things after the fact so in
many realms what humans have finally
figured out how to do is how to create a
system that decreases their bias over
time it's imperfect but at least it gets
you closer so for example if your domain
is science you might use the scientific
method
understanding that all the scientists
might be individually biased and biased
by who's paying for their study and
biased in lots of different ways but the
scientific process over time will drive
out that bias with everything from
controlled studies to peer review to
that sort of thing so science has a
process for reducing bias not to zero
but it's a good process the legal system
has thousands of rules about how you
can't in combat prosecute somebody what
a lawyer can cannot do jury trials etc
collectively the legal system and all of
its rules is designed to drive bias and
of the system it doesn't do it perfectly
well you know it's a continuous work in
progress but it's a good system and
compared to other countries it does
drive by a sign of it engineers drive by
a sign of their decision making using
stuff like math and a B testing so they
just make sure that the math works and
they've tested it and they can they
could be sure it works
and that does a pretty good job the old
way sorry in politics politics doesn't
have a process anymore but it used to so
politics used to have a process for
getting rid of bias not getting rid of
it but reducing it and that process was
the press would write stories about the
government and that would shine a light
on things that were going wrong or other
words let's say there was money
influencing it or there was some kind of
you know something was Anahuac and that
process of the press you know focusing
on things that are wrong helped us
improve it and drive out the bias over
time but the business model of the press
changed and now the only way the press
could stay in business is by getting
lots of attention and lots of clicks and
the only way to do that at this point is
to be more outrageous and more biased so
the very the very mechanism that was for
many decades taking bias out of politics
the business model changed and now the
very thing that was supposed to take
bias out is injecting bias so I would
say the big difference in the bias
you're seeing you know the the extreme
polarization is that the business model
of the media changed and now it's their
job to create bias that's how they get
more clicks keep an audience instead of
driving it out so of all these domains
there's only one of them and I'll talk
about these ideas in a moment but only
one of these domains literally doesn't
have a mechanism you used to but it
doesn't now social media and and the
press just make bias worse because they
like to or it's their job or the
business model supports that so let me
suggest some systems that might get us
to less bias I recommend that for the
big complicated stuff and that could be
healthcare it could be immigration it
could be prison reform it could be
climate change you know the big stuff
that Congress can't get done by the way
have you noticed this correlation that
whenever there's a big political topic
that the president is primarily in
charge of it's going really well North
Korea presidents mostly in charge going
well the war against Isis in the other
territories of Isis going well the
economy now of course the you know that
Congress helped with the tax cut but
that was sort of still the president and
that was a that was sort of a lay out
the tax cuts for a Republican anyway but
the economy is largely driven by
psychology and the president's nailing
it on the psychology because couldn't
consumer manufacturing confidence or at
all-time highs unemployment slowed so
and then picking judges so wherever the
president has most of the power himself
he's killing it he's just killing it but
where the president has to rely on
Congress
you know and that would be things like
health care and immigration totally
unsuccessful that's not a coincidence
that's because we don't have any
mechanism for driving bias and a
politics and it would help if we did
because that's probably the only way you
can get to a point where Congress could
agree on something because right now the
polarization in the media and social
media makes it almost impossible for one
side to agree with the other and still
get elected so you need something that
changes that so I recommend for those
big issues a public debate with
real-time fact-checking with the judges
so in other words let me compare that to
news coverage news coverage it goes like
this and by the way the president
strangled a baby and now the news let's
move on to talk about something else
that's a bad example but the point is
that nobody stops and says oh hold on
hold on
you just made a claim of fact what did
the judges say okay the independent
judges that fact-check say you can't say
that anymore so that one's off the table
so say again what you were gonna say but
take that fact out because we've we've
now show that one to be not very good
and and then importantly you don't want
a time limit on your debate so I'm
talking about a debate that could take
three months and maybe you only air you
know 15 minutes of it a week on a sub
weekly format or something
so you give people time to go back to
deal with the deal with whatever
objections were raised during their
debate reschedule come back summarize
where you are so far okay and our last
debate we decided this this and this
today there was some question about this
so the steam is coming back and now
they're going to address that and then
you move on as long as it takes until
the public has been informed you've
created some videos that live forever so
that people can catch up easily and you
drive out the bias now this doesn't have
to reach a decision
necessarily but it would be part of a
process to drive out
bias all right if facts don't matter why
do you suggest this the reason the facts
don't matter and by the way when I say
facts don't matter
I mean facts don't matter to decisions
Cristina Cristina is on the road and
will be staying at a Trump property in
New York pretty soon just for fun check
it out
see what the vibe there is like now I've
lost my train of thought see what
Cristina does to me
what was I talking about my brain just
got scrambled there for a moment you do
that to be Cristina Cristina is my
girlfriend who's traveling right now do
you worry about being affected by your
politics
let me let me give back to fact-checking
so somebody asked if facts don't matter
why do a debate which would be all about
reason facts when I say facts don't
matter I mean the facts don't matter to
our decision-making
obviously facts matter to results
because you know if you walk in front of
a truck and the truck kills you that's a
fact and you're not happy but in our
decision-making we tend to ignore that
and use bias we would use facts more
often if they were presented to us in
some way we could actually understand
and agree so the reason that we don't
use facts and the facts don't matter is
that they're not presented to us in any
way that would ever be persuasive this
would be a way that at least the people
in the middle not the people on the far
right not the people in the far left
they're gonna be stuck in their worlds
no matter what but there are enough
people in the middle that can change
something that's you know log the sort
of a log jam it can move the log jam so
there are some people who will be
persuaded by the persuasiveness of facts
and reason they're just
many of them and they don't have any
chance of being persuaded by facts and
reason unless it's presented in a
persuasive form presenting facts and
unpersuasive forms such as the way
climate science is presented is not
persuasive now when I say that climate
science uses facts in an unprecedented
shown in context they have to be
compared to other people's facts you
need fact checkers you need time you
need you know some back and forth you
need simplicity you need a judge you
need a lot of things to activate the
persuasiveness of facts and we're not
anywhere near being able to do that I
see that most of you have been
sidetracked by my personal life I think
the comments it happens to me too so I
understand that all right
let me yeah let me see what else we got
going here I'm gonna turn away from the
board
back to me more about me smoking early
today somebody said now I'm I am NOT hi
in case you're wondering so let's talk
about what happened with the kids and
the cages now do you understand exactly
what happened when the President signed
his directive to to end the separation
of children and kids does everybody know
what happened like what happens because
of that specifically now the people who
are simplistic in their understanding of
things said to themselves
problem solved the president solved
appeals signed a piece of paper now the
critics of the President
had had painted themselves in a corner
by claiming that the only thing you
needed to do was sign a piece of paper
sign that paper problem-solve what's the
problem children and families separated
what's the solution sign a piece of
paper that that was the the complete
depth of their political analysis now
the President had from the beginning and
the administration said that the real
problem is that you could sign anything
you want but it doesn't make facilities
instantly appear it doesn't make extra
judges instantly appear it doesn't
change any of the physical things and
the reason that children were separated
from parents was because there was a
risk of you know sexual violence and
other violence so in in no case do you
ever keep parents and adults especially
if you don't know the the actual
relationship they might not actually be
their kids you don't keep them together
until you know the situation right so
common sense that says but the public
has required the president to depart
from this equation the equation was
we'll do something that's very
unpleasant for a lot of kids and a lot
of parents this separation temporarily
very unpleasant experts say could have
some psychological damage perhaps nobody
likes that but it was compared to some
kids being raped and killed and beaten
so that was his that was the the Trump
formula was well to avoid some kids
having awful problems will create a
situation where unfortunately
temporarily some adults and some kids
are in some stressful situations that
might have some lasting problems those
were the only choices on the table in
the short run in the long run of course
you can do anything you want and the
short run those were the only choices
because the the number of people coming
through as a family had grown quickly
and our ability to adjust just wasn't as
fast so what the Republicans did was
they forced the
to endanger children so that they could
be right
so how bad how bad our politics right
now the political situation in the
United States is so bad that the haters
of the president were willing to
endanger children in the worst place you
know death and rape and everything else
they were willing to endanger children
just to make sure that he looked even
worse now I know that some of the
critics will say wait a minute there's
no risk
he signed a piece of paper everything
should be fine but they're not they're
not the adults in this conversation it's
time for another sip that's what I hear
you must be right tiresome and now of
course because facts don't matter we're
seeing that the people who were opposed
to the president have decided that
they're the holy ones so the ones who
have forced the president's hand into
endangering children in the worst
possible way are celebrating their
virtue having almost certainly doomed
a number of children to death and
destruction children that actually
happened and we all watched and we
didn't really have much choice about it
because that the sentiment was so strong
on one side there wasn't really anything
you could do about it but the public got
what they wanted now I've said this
before but every time I say this I feel
like it just needs to be said again
which is the very thing that people were
worried about with this president was
that he would do dictator stuff meaning
that he would ignore the will of the
people and do something just for him you
know or just to to enhance his own
whatever his ego that he would just be a
mean old dictator and if you watch this
situation what happened what happened
was
the system worked actually the way you'd
want it to work which is the public
wanted something that wasn't happening
they wanted something that the president
didn't want they wanted something very
very different from the president's
preference and here's the key part it
was the president's highest priority to
be tough on the border his highest
priority he won on that you know largely
that was one of his big issues right and
then on his biggest issue the public and
the media said no we don't like this
kids and parents being separated that's
not going to fly change it what do you
do you signed the paper you know it does
it doesn't make anything change quickly
it probably endangered them but the
public got what they wanted so the the
the odd thing about the complaints are
that the public demonstrated to itself
or should have that this president can
be can be influenced and fairly
immediately by public opinion and if
they believe they're on the right side
of this public opinion and of course
they do
they think that they went from a bad
situation to a better one that's
debatable but we went to a one that they
preferred and the president just came to
him
the system the system kind of worked
perfectly do you know what was missing
there was only one thing missing let me
tell you what was missing
that that's what was missing so we did
get a we did get an outcome that
probably is irrational in other words
the president signing that document
probably just caused lots of confusion
and you know I'm sure it caused a whole
other set of problems people being
released and you know if the danger et
cetera and it's because we didn't have
any way to drive the BIOS out of the
system
there just wasn't any mechanism the
press makes it worse they don't make it
better all right
now will you get a fact checker me
personally no now it seems to me that
you could probably it seems to me that
the private industry could create this
model of these online debates and I
don't know what would stop them except
that there's no business model that
supports it so maybe it's something I
can try at some point I might take a run
at it one of these days all right
um Scott you should go on Jesse Lee
Peterson show I have been on his show
jesse is amazing he's one of my favorite
people he's got a kind of a Buddha
energy you know you when you're just
around him you just he changes people in
the room that's kind of amazing just to
just to see him work you may have
noticed that hog Newsom suggested a
someone for pardoned someone who had a
life sentence for a first offense for
drugs and has served on a few decades
several decades is 62 now and has been
an ideal citizen so I thought it was a
really strong strong recommendation you
know of course you need the you need
people to dig in and make sure all the
facts that are presented are correct
but let me let me present to you a a
proposition here's a proposition I make
about Trump supporters if you're bad to
Trump supporters that are they're often
going to be bad to you true right people
who are bad to Trump supporters are
gonna get a bad reaction back
that's pretty safe to say not every
person right but in general yeah you
know you're gonna get as good as you you
cave but here's the other thing about
Trump supporters that might be different
than the other way there's an activating
mechanism for Trump supporters and for
conservatives I would say and now and
watch in the comments to see if this is
true or not true I'm gonna look for your
I'll look for your agreement or
disagreement if you do a favor for a
trump supporter or conservative what's
the outcome so that's my question to you
if you do something good unasked you're
just doing something good for a trump
supporter or you know you compliment
them when it was up wasn't expected do
them a favor wasn't expected yeah look
at look at all probably a hundred
percent of the comments are gonna say
the same thing appreciation reciprocity
you know thank you
gratitude reciprocity reciprocity
reciprocity all right
who if I told you is the smartest person
in the game in terms of black lives
matter hog Newsom what did Hawk Newsom
do I i retweeted it it wasn't long ago
few weeks ago what did Hawk Newsom tweet
without being asked nobody asked him to
do this he tweeted that Democrat black
people don't need to vote democrat and
that he would that they should vote for
the side that does the best job for them
how did you feel when one of the
probably I would say the most effective
voice for black lives matter said I'm
going to give you guys a shot did you
expect that did you expect the the you
know the leading voice of black lives
matter in my opinion anyway to say I'll
give I'll give Trump a shot if he
performs did you expect that you did not
so he's given you a gift
yeah and it's a birdie big gift it's
reasonable it's you know it's it's love
base that's Christian based it's
everything you want and you didn't
expect it now Hawk says here's this idea
for African American I don't know 62
year old who's been in prison for
probably a little way too long for the
wrong reason well it's the right reason
but way too long and he suggests that
this would be a good pardon
how do you respond well you take it
seriously right you take it seriously
because you're triggered to to offer
some reciprocity now in all of this
there's self-interested involved right
so Hawk is doing the best he can for the
people he's you know he's sort of
championing which it is not a strictly
black people by the way Hawk has a
bigger view of the world he's not he's
not trying to do what's only good for
black people he's doing things that are
good for prison reform poor people etc
but they happen to be a little
disproportionately good for the black
community and that's great
and of course Trump supporters would
like to have more votes and support and
you know there's lots of things that
they would like as well and sometimes
they might just like to make the world
better so everybody wins
but I think the active part is the
reciprocity so so Hawk delivered
something you weren't expecting which is
the possibility of outreach and a little
bit
better relationships with the
Republicans and black community he is
the kind of person who could deliver it
at least on the small you know it
doesn't change the world overnight but
you got to move in the right direction
and he's made a suggestion for someone
who seems very pardonable as far as I
can tell I could be wrong on the facts
but it looks like it so I would say that
this would be the ideal person to pardon
not because the just because of the
person being parted in a bowl and
there'd be the right message etc but
because of where it came from time to
repay a favor all right
I had a fascinating experience yesterday
that I'll tell you but I have to leave
down some of the details so I spent the
day you know several hours with somebody
and the will say the the writing
business I'm gonna be as vague as
possible and it was somebody who was
physically ill on election night when he
learned that President Trump got elected
he was actually physically sick so so he
has a terrible case of Trump derangement
syndrome as we like to say but he also
spent several hours with me talking
about all kinds of things but a lot of
it was about our differing opinions on
the president's performance and here's
the first thing that I learned there was
really fascinating so imagine someone
who was part of the media and very very
well informed in general highly educated
and has a strong opinion the number of
things I mentioned as explanations or
background or context that he had never
heard of was staggering and I'm not
saying that he's under informed this is
a comment on the two channels of of life
you know there's there's there's one
side that's only hearing things coming
from a certain set of media and then
there's another side that's hearing only
their own stuff but for him to
experience for the first time
the bubbles connecting because
apparently where he lives
you just don't see Trump supporters or
or they don't talk or or it was like he
had never had a conversation with a
trump supporter even though I know he
had but the number of just ordinary
facts that everybody on the right knows
they had never heard even once is really
interesting all right and I don't know
how much of that is explained by you
know I don't know how much of the
difference in the sizes that explains
but man we are not looking at the same
stuff you know just the the base the
base information is completely different
for example I asked him about success in
North Korea and his opinion is that
there there isn't any now is that
mind-boggling to you that as of today
someone could be watching the news and
say no it doesn't look like there's any
progress with North Korea because you
know they didn't really give us anything
they can't just take back doesn't that
just make your head go how could you
possibly won't be watching this
situation with you with all of its
moving parts about North Korea and not
see any progress and what he would say
is now all that happened was Kim jong-un
got something he wanted which was you
know credibility which will help Kim
jong-un maybe with China and maybe in
other ways but what do we get you know
nothing he could just take it all back
tomorrow and then I said you may have
seen the greatest diplomatic move of all
time from President Trump regarding
North Korea and I explained it this way
I said can you think of any other time
in history where two countries were at
the brink of war and one of the leaders
took away their reason just
psychologically not in any physical way
he took away
the reason he took it away from our side
and then he helped Kim take it away from
his side have you ever seen that
no and it's invisible apparently to half
of the country half of the country
didn't see that happen and I say things
like you know the whole idea with a
reunification is that if you're if you
have dual intentions to somehow get to a
unified country forget about the details
who's in who's in charge because it's
gonna take decades to get there but if
your goal is to be the same country
you're not really thinking in terms of
you know I'd better keep my nukes so I
can nuke myself because that's what it
would become
reunification took the idea of nukes
just off the table and then the
president's framing of things from being
our enemy is the worst thing but bad we
could really help you have a you know a
Switzerland Singapore kind of a country
where you don't have much of a military
or a reason for a military we can give
you some security guarantees we can help
you rebuild you can have condos on the
beach and and I think to myself that's
how he took the reason the way the
reason that all the other good stuff is
happening you know north and it wasn't
to the point and so the person I was
talking to still still was clinging to
now I don't know the day that's real and
then I said you've heard of course that
Kim has argued has ordered that the the
anti-us graffiti and signs be removed in
North Korea and I looked at his face
when I told them that and I could I
could see him escaping from the bubble
because he didn't know that so this is
again another piece of news that let me
ask you how many of you knew that piece
of news how many of you knew that Kim
has ordered the anti-us graffiti and all
the anti-us stuff to be scrubbed from
North Korea yeah look at all the essence
how many people on the Left know that
yeah a few did not but you can see that
by you know far and away the people
watching this periscope know that that
happened but but an anti-trump er didn't
know it happened and when he heard it I
swear I've talked to you about this
before there's there's a thing that's
sort of a brain lock and it happens when
cognitive dissonance is triggered and it
looks it looks like this you know a
normal person you say hey what's your
favorite color and the person will say
hey rad you know I like green so that's
a person who's got a normal you know
they're in their normal mode but a
person who gets triggered into cognitive
dissonance in other words they just
realized that their entire worldview was
wrong you say to that what's your
favorite color and they go
you know there's there's a brain lock
and so I'm not sure I saw that in him
but the moment he realized that Kim
jong-eun would never remove his anti
American Graffiti unless he were serious
about this whole peace thing it was sort
of like his brain sort of I I think had
a moment so I doubt that I changed his
mind in any serious way because people
tend to you know you know retreat back
to their base after after a conversation
but the the takeaway from it was the
extraordinary difference in just base
information that the two sides are
looking at now I assume that this works
both ways I assume that if some of you
had a conversation with somebody on the
left that was well informed they would
say you know did you know X Y Z and
probably you'd say what we've never
heard of that so I assume it works both
ways so don't get too cocky now here's
another thing I said that caused the
strong reactions so listen listen to how
provocative this following statement is
and it'll take you a moment because you
might have the same reaction you your
brain is gonna skip skip a gear here for
a moment
now most of you will skip a gear and
then get right to the right place but
imagine if you're in the other movie and
when I make you skip a gear but you know
what's going to happen and here's the
statement my statement is that if
President Trump voluntarily resigned
from office today he would already be
the greatest president we've ever had
based on what he's done so far know what
did that just did to your brain
now let me let me put a little more
detail on this think about all the all
the complaints about the President and
then think about all the things that
even his critics would say are going
well there's an interesting difference
hey general pattern between the things
that even even the critics would say are
going well economy etc and the things
that they're most worried about do you
know what that difference is I'll bet
about nobody said this before here's the
difference all of their criticisms are
about their imagined future I'll just
let that hang there for a moment all the
things he's accomplished have already
happened he already has you know great
judges and lots more of them he's
already cut regulations he's already
done tax stuff the economy is already
good
Isis is already defeated North Korea is
already you know going in the right
direction trade wars probably are gonna
result in something good our economy is
so strong we can take some hits even if
it didn't so all the things he's
accomplished are real they actually
exist what are the things that people
are worried about some damn thing he'll
do later right because even even the
Russia collusion thing has now
dissipated to the point that I don't
think anybody's counting on that now
that would have been something in the
past if it existed but now we know it
didn't so all of the things we thought
were gonna be real kind it didn't happen
but you've got this there's Christine
again hi Christina but you've got these
worried stuff in the future so if you
were to resign today and resigning is
sort of the key to this question because
he lets say that the day you resign all
the investigations and everything just
stop right because there's no point
people people stop caring so all of the
big future things people are afraid of
just go away
if he were to resign today this is just
a mental experiment but all the things
he's done such as judges economics trade
deals North Korea they kinda last
forever and if you can show me another
president who stopped a potential
nuclear war by removing the reason good
luck with that it was the single
greatest diplomatic move maybe of all
time somebody's saying Reagan I think
Reagan had a little bit of luck on his
side about timing and I think Reagan
really just pressed until they failed
which is a little bit of a different
situation for saying you this however
you are wrong I don't know what that
means so it's so it was sort of a brain
explosion I think I may be overstating
it but the moment you realized that the
person you thought was the worst person
in the world if he resigned today would
be the best president we've ever had I
think historians could make a pretty
good argument for that all of the
problems or presumed problems are things
we imagine will happen in the future
and here's another key part they're very
similar think to the things you imagined
should have already happened right
because if all those things you're
worried about in the future were real
they probably would have already
happened now hold on a second I'll be
back coming back
now the only thing that the the
anti-trump errs had to hang on to
because this situation is kind of it's
tough to keep your sanity when the
monster that you think is the maddest of
the world as keep succeeding and then
they had this Children and Families
thing which of course nobody really
understood and people pushed for the
worse I'll come instead of the better
outcome even though both of them were
terrible so it was a messy ugly
situation but it was it was like a cool
drink of water for the people who had
mental distress because they couldn't
figure out why this guy keeps getting
lucky why is this guy keep getting lucky
what's up with that so at least they had
that children thing what will the
history books tell us about Trump Miami
my guess is that the history books that
are written by people who are alive
during Trump's administration will be
negative because the they won't get out
of there their bubble but the historians
that come in a hundred years will look
back and say you know I can see why they
were you know why it was polarizing but
I am sure got some stuff done I think
that's what's gonna happen depends who
is writing it it depends who's writing
it save with Lincoln was that true that
Lincoln is it true that Lincoln's
reputation was better a hundred years
after Lincoln than it was during his
time I think that's true right because
he was I think it was pretty unpopular
in this time it was just the the weight
of history that rehabilitated
Trump was in home alone too you say yeah
I saw that
that photo difference between motivation
and persuasion I'm going to have a
motivation expert on in the next week or
so we just have to schedule a dray
baldwin and we'll talk about that
that's a good question what's the
difference between motivation and
persuasion alright have you ever had
outwitting the devil by Napoleon Hill
I have not I've read Napoleon Hill his
work before by the way Napoleon Hill if
I have this right let's see if I have
this right do you in fact check me so I
believe they Andrew Carnegie the richest
man in maybe the world at the time
Andrew Carnegie he wanted to figure out
why rich people are rich and why other
people aren't you know is there some
kind of a trick to it and I believe the
story is that he hired a writer you know
what was his name Hill and and Hill
wrote about you know the techniques that
rich people
yeah thinking Grow Rich wrote about how
rich people do their thing and I think
that the power of positive thinking
which which grew out of the power of
positive thinking which was Napoleon I'm
sorry there was Napoleon Hill wrote
thinking Grow Rich and he influenced
Trump's pastor who wrote the power of
positive thinking Norman Vincent Peale
and that influenced Trump it influenced
me influenced lots of people so if you
trace it back Andrew Carnegie was
actually sort of the the thought let's
say the thought entrepreneur I don't
even know if there's a word for what he
did but he was sort of the thought not
even leader because he was asking other
people to put the thoughts together but
I'll say thought answer
or who got this whole string of events
into the future that are literally
affecting the presidency today patron is
a good word yes thank you all right
North Korea skips annual gathering of
anti-us nations I assume that's a
headline today and the the stock market
is down I understand some people are
saying it's because of tariffs let me
give you a little a primer on
understanding the finance and the stock
market when you see an expert on
television say the stock market is down
or the stock market is up because of X
it's all nobody really knows
why the stock market goes up or down on
any given day now some of the day
traders and stuff may be trading on the
news and it may be blips but there are
always such bigger forces and bigger
variables that when you're looking into
this thing that has you know 100 big
variables but the only one that changed
today is the little one here's how this
works
if there's something that looks like a
little bit of bad news like some trade
dispute and by coincidence
here's the key part and by coincidence
the stock market also goes down what do
the experts report they say because of
this small problem in the news the stock
market went down what happens when the
stock market goes a little bit in the
other direction opposite the bad news
what are the experts say go one of the
experts say when the market moves in the
opposite direction from what the news is
they say yeah they say it moved in spite
of the bad news right yes or they say
it's already been discounted in right-ho
people knew it was coming
it's already discounted into the numbers
or they say there's some other big
variable that we don't know what it is
that doesn't matter so when you see
people say the market moved because of X
in your mind you should translate it
into the following sentence
bla bla bla I don't know what the hell
I'm talking about
bla bla bla did you get that I've just
translated finance talk into actual
human being talk I'll give it to you
again it was a little complicated but it
goes like this
financial analysts tell me what do you
think about the market today well I'll
tell e President Trump with his unwise
tariff Wars has scared the market and it
is down 1% the market is down 1% because
of our president scaring people about
tariffs now if you hear that the
translation is translator I'll need a
translator
[Music]
I'd like to translate that from Dale
talk into human talk and human talk that
means bla bla bla bla bla bla
nothing nothing nothing bla bla bla
alright hope you got that and I hope
that doesn't become a screenshot meme
dear God
well political outrage be getting better
or worse well I think political outrage
will be pretty high going into the
midterm because the midterm creates sort
of this safety valve that everybody's
gonna I think people are going to feel
safe ramping up their hatred before the
midterm because they're going to think
ah but when the midterm comes it's all
released all of our hang
our anger that we're building up we're
gonna productively use this to get out
the vote and vote against these
Republicans and then and then we can
feel good finally after our long you
know trip in the desert we too will be
able to have water simultaneous sips mmm
simultaneous ends and then they're gonna
get to the midterm my you know my guess
is that the midterms will be some kind
of a mixed bag thing that doesn't change
much but it could go either way you know
it's hard to handicap or or a guess
about the midterms because so much of it
is the individual matchups and I don't
know enough about the individual
matchups but if you have terrible
candidates on one side it doesn't matter
what else is going on do you think
Republicans will win the midterm I'm not
going to make a prediction on that so I
have one prediction about the midterm I
made back in January ish and that
prediction was that the Republicans
would do substantially better than
whatever we expected them to do in
January of 2018 now I didn't go so far
as to say who would win or lose I just
said Republicans would do better than
people expected back then that looks
like that's going to happen because back
then the numbers were like this right
now they're closer to this so so far my
prediction is right but I'm gonna make a
new prediction and you're gonna hear it
here why are you ready my new prediction
about the midterm my prediction about
the midterm is Republican turnout for
the midterm will be a record or at least
a recent record you probably have I
probably have to adjust that for
whatever is the last twenty years or so
because you know you can't really
compare anything to thirty years ago but
let's say for the last twenty years or
so I believe that the Republican turnout
will be a record and I plan to persuade
in that direction
now if there's record turnout I think
that's just a healthy situation no
matter how things go everybody everybody
got to have their chance to have their
their will be known but I think it's
gonna be a record turnout now predicting
your own success I'm not sure what that
means
I do plan to oh yes I am predicting my
own success because I already told you I
plan to persuade toward high turnout and
the most persuasive thing I can think of
is look at what's happening and they're
gonna come for you next you better make
sure that your side stays in power
because it's the only way you're gonna
protect yourself it's the only way
you're going to keep the gains that
you've gotten it's the only way the
economy is going to stay strong and it's
probably the only way that North Korea
keeps going in the right direction keep
in mind that almost everything the
President did that turned out well the
other team would have done differently
true story now how could the Democrats
totally run the table on this or I'm
sorry how could the Republicans run the
table well I gave you a little tutorial
about how politics should be more debate
they should have some kind of a debate
model if the Republicans come up with
that and present it and say look
Congress is broken you've all seen it we
can't do these big complicated things
like health care and immigration we're
just it's it's hard for us to get past
you know the log jam so we're gonna bump
this up to the public and here's how
we're gonna do it we'll have some
debates there won't be a and end time
we'll make sure that there's lots of
fact-checking by independent people as
we go we will inform the American public
to the point where they can help us push
this debate one direction or the other
if Republicans did something like that
they would have a commanding majority
and I think that I think that they would
I
I think that they were dominating Maxine
Waters just helped Republicans somebody
says yes so Maxine Waters by encouraging
Democrats to go after Trump supporters
in the in the administration probably
the dumbest thing a politician ever did
and you know that's a pretty big that's
a pretty big category you know dumb
things politicians have done name one
thing dumber than what Maxine Waters
told the supporters to do because if
there's anything that's gonna get people
to the that's gonna get Republicans to
the polls it's Maxine Waters telling
people to harass Republicans if you want
to get them to the polls that's the way
to do it now by the way compare Maxine
Waters
oh we're gonna punish them how do you
Trump supporters respond they push back
they don't like being pushed they push
back
compare that to my earlier story about
hawk Newsom who is trying visibly to
meet halfway to get productive
real-world solutions how do you know how
do you respond to that
probably by paying it back all right so
let's let's go do something good today
try to keep positive thoughts and I'll
talk to you all tomorrow