but Mum pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom well guess what time it is
yes it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams those of you are lucky enough to
be watching this instead of any kind of
our royal wedding or something
depressing like a school shooting it's
time for the best part of the day time
for some good news time for some freshly
brewed warm beverage coffee preferred
but it's time for the simultaneous M oh
yeah so let's talk about the
whack-a-mole style of calling somebody
anything but we're gonna use president
Trump as our example today and I'm gonna
teach you a few more ways to spot
cognitive dissonance if you're new to
this cognitive dissonance is when a
person's brain misfires because a thing
that they thought to be true and they
were sure it was true turns out to be
false and instead of saying oh I guess I
guess I was stupid misinformed and an
ignorant people don't do that instead
they rewrite the reality to something
strange
so that they can still be right all
right but how do you determine when
someone is doing that which is their
brain is temporarily scrambled to in
cognitive dissonance versus just
somebody who's wrong because they would
look the same right somebody who's wrong
and somebody whose brain is scrambled
they would both just look wrong not
exactly there are some ways to tell for
example in my book when Bigley I talk
about the the so tell s oh so when
people respond to you
with so what you're saying is followed
by a the second part is important the so
by itself doesn't tell you that much but
it's the second part where they turn
what you said that was reasonable into
an absolute a ridiculous absolute in
order to refute you
that's cognitive dissonance because
they've run out of argument so they have
to rewrite what you said to have a new
thing to argue about you see it all the
time
so here's an example if you say for
example I believe that prison reform
would be would be good for everybody
good for the prisoners good for the
public right let's say you've made that
argument and somebody who's disagreeing
with you and you've made good points I
don't know what the good points are in
this argument I don't know too much
about it but let's just say you would
demolish the other person's argument who
was for example opposed to prison reform
that person once having their argument
destroyed would say something like this
so you're saying we should just let
everybody get away with murder right
that's the so tell-tell like being a
hint or or a clue the tell for cognitive
dissonance the absurd absolute is that
they've changed a reasonable idea of
prison reform into so you say just let
the criminals go free and murderers okay
right so you're in favor of murder Dale
all right so when you see that that's a
person who's lost badly but can't quite
wrap their head around the fact that
Lost's that they've invented a whole new
world in which you said something crazy
so that they can still be right but
there's there's a more generic form of
this that's a little harder to recognize
that I'm going to teach you how I
learned this in hypnosis class so many
years ago when I was learning to be
hypnotist
I heard the following story now I don't
know if this story is true it was
presented as true but it's a good
example of cognitive dissonance even if
the story isn't true it tells the right
therewell
right point and the story goes that the
greatest hypnotist in the world builtin
Erickson had hypnotized one of his
regular subjects that he hypnotized a
lot and had given her a posthypnotic
suggestion that during a a dinner that a
group were having later it was a formal
you know kind of a nice dinner in
somebody's house then she would during
the middle of the dinner she would take
out her shoe and put it on the middle of
the table for no reason that was just a
posthypnotic suggestion now it is
reported that what during the meal she
did in fact take off her shoe and put it
in the middle of the table and when the
other guests were that was a said why
are you putting your shoe on the table
because they were not in on the the
hypnosis they didn't know why she was
doing it she looked at them and knowing
that she had been hypnotized and knowing
that she had been hypnotized to put her
shoe on the table this is important she
knew both of those things this was not a
hypnosis where she had amnesia she knew
she had been hypnotized to put her shoe
on the table so she puts her shoe on the
table and then people say why you put
your shoe on the table and she says well
I've got a flower vaz at home that's
sort of in the shape of a of a shoe and
I wanted to see how the flowers would
look at it and she takes the flowers
from the arrangement and puts them in
her shoe now from that point on she
swore to anybody who had asked no yes
yes I understand
that the best hypnotist of the world
hypnotized me and he told me to put my
shoe on the table but that's not why I
did it
why I did it because I have this vaz
that looks like a shoe and I wanted to
see what it would look like perfectly
rational
okay so clearly if you're looking at
this from the outside and you hear the
story you say to yourself that's not
what's going on there there's there this
is a person whose brain is temporarily
scrambled and they're just doing a quick
rewrite to try to make it make sense
again but to anybody observing is
ridiculous so what you look for is a
reason that would only make sense to the
person saying it so if you backed
somebody into a corner in your argument
and the thing that they say is something
that no one else would think makes sense
especially if it's kind of a word salad
meaning that it's a bunch of words that
go together and you think yourself
well I recognize all those words and I
hear them in a sentence and the grammar
is okay but but none of those words make
any sense
all right that's a tell for cognitive
dissonance and and ideally it's not you
it's the other person but I want to give
you some examples that so there was a
great trigger for cognitive dissonance
this week and you can see who fell for
it and who didn't the trigger was when a
president Trump referred to the ms-13
gang members as animals and that quote
was taken in a context and most of the
major publications said he's calling
immigrants animals now when people like
me push back and said now that's not
what happened you just took that out of
context then a number of outlets ap CNN
etc they either corrected or revised
their reporting to reflect the correct
context so those were people the AP
let's say the AP was not experiencing
cognitive dissonance because when the
error was pointed out and it was clear
that the context was gang members when
he played the the question and then the
answer the AP just said oh damn that's
pretty bad mistake we just made there
let's let's issue a correction so that's
what it looks like when you're not in
cognitive dissonance alright but let me
he let me read you some examples of some
people who didn't do so well so here's a
tim alberta this is on twitter he he
calls himself the chief political
correspondent for Politico mag and he
says awful lot of reporters screwed up
regarding Trump's animals remarks
alright so so far that's just the fact a
lot of people screwed up and then he
says it's the result of a media climate
that feeds on outrage and speed and
retweets that's a fair statement but
here's the fun part but it's also the
revolt result of Trump's own history of
using racially charged language and the
total erosion of any benefit of the
doubt now there's definitely an erosion
of benefited out that part's true but
here he's saying that even though the
reporters were wrong they were kind of
right not right because of the the thing
that we're talking about but right
because it fit into sort of a pattern so
his pattern of awfulness and racism is
clear and therefore it's not such a big
mistake because it fit into the pattern
anyway I call this the whack-a-mole
persuasion meaning that if there's a
specific thing you're talking about
which somebody says hey President Trump
said in Charlottesville that the white
supremacists were fine people and you
say well that's not true he was talking
about people who were Pro statue and
anti statue and he said there are good
people on both sides he wasn't talking
about anti-shah and the racist being on
two sides that that would be crazy
nobody is going to call the the people
marching against against Jews nobody's
gonna say they're fine people when your
own family are Jewish and when Israel
loves you and you're you know there's
nothing about that to these is even a
little bit sensible so you can explain
that somebody and they could say okay
all right well okay I did get fooled
on the Charlottesville thing but what
about all the other stuff you know what
about the time he said immigrants were
animals and then you say well no that
was also a mistake
he didn't say immigrants are animals he
said that mrs. 13 are animals and then
they say yeah but look at the pattern
and you can go from one thing to another
and you can debunk each one and they
will still say sure you debunk that one
and that one and that one and you also
debunked that one that one that one that
one but there's so many more the pattern
is clear so I'm gonna talk about
patterns in a moment and show you how
easily you can be fooled but I want to
give you the best example of cognitive
dissonance you're gonna see this is from
Jonathan Wiseman who is what is he he's
with the New York Times and he says so
Jonathan Weissman New York Times he goes
as someone who edited a story on his
comments talking about Trump's comments
about animals I listen to them live I
read the transcript
Occam's razor don't overthink this the
real problem was that our president
speaks in non sequitur gibberish there
was no direct linguistic link between
ms-13 in his animal remarks so in other
words he's doubling down on the
president not talking about ms-13 as the
animals but rather immigrants but look
for the word salad all right look so
keep in mind that the person saying this
is an editor at the New York Times so
without knowing much about him I can say
the following is true if he and I took
an IQ test he would have score me now
you don't you don't become the editor of
the New York Times and unless you're
pretty freakin smart he knows how to
write probably he's one of the best
writer editors in the world because he
has a job in which you need to be one of
the best writers and editors in the
world
so on all those levels he's you know
he's level above me so this is not some
kind of generic insult about this man's
intelligence
I believe his intelligence is very high
but cognitive dissonance does not
discriminate by intelligence there is no
protection by being intelligent and now
I'm gonna read it again and just look
for the word salad this is a person who
knows how to edit and speak very clearly
let's see if he did it as someone who
edited the story and blah blah blah and
let's get to the good part here okay he
goes Occam's razor don't overthink this
now we learned it hypnosis class that
people say exactly what they mean even
if they didn't mean to say it alright
that takes a little more explanation but
for example if somebody has a let's say
a secret sexual desire to be whipped the
hypnotist will teach you okay you can
determine that that person has that
secret preference without ever talking
about that because you'll find that they
use the word whip in casual conversation
more than another person so you might
say how would you like dessert and that
person would say that'd be great do you
have any whipped cream yeah do you do
like the basketball tournament because
yeah it looks like the Warriors really
whipped the Rockettes so if you listen
to language people are primed by their
by their preferences to use a kind of
language that reveals some things about
them alright so when somebody says don't
overthink this what does that mean what
does it mean exactly to overthink it he
is literally saying stop thinking don't
overthink it
in other words don't think too much in
order to agree with him he's asking you
to think less now that's not what he
intends to say he's using he's using
literary language to say don't overthink
yet
it's it's simpler than you think but the
hypnotist says yeah that's what he'll
tell you he says and that's what the
words say but it's also revealing quite
often when somebody sells it tells you
to stop thinking right because the real
problem was that our president speaks in
non sequitur gibberish there was no
direct linguistic link between ms-13 and
his animal remark no direct linguistic
link it was literally the answer to the
question
somebody said bla bla bla question about
ms-13 Trump's answer to that question
about ms-13 was bla bla bla they're
animals now you could say that's not a
direct linguistic link I don't know what
that means but it was an answer to the
question so for someone who is an expert
on words and language very high IQ to
somehow miss that it was just an answer
to a question and to try to hide that
with this word salad of saying there was
no direct linguistic link he speaks in
non sequitur gibberish so this is or
like a really clear tell for a cognitive
dissonance so this is someone whose job
it is to know the difference between
between truth and reality he got it
wrong this time
and rather than rewrite his personal
history to say oh geez I got that one
wrong I guess I got fooled he doubled
down now here's the interesting thing he
says that Occam's razor is that it was
the the simple explanation and what he's
saying is something that another
gentleman also says that that what
you're seeing is it was easy to think he
was talking in a racist way because of
all the other patterns of his racism now
here's a problem with Occam's razor
Occam's razor says at least in the
language version not not the science
version which
slightly different but the way we use it
in common language Occam's razor is that
whatever is the simplest explanation for
something is correct so Jonathan is
saying the simplest explanation for the
the president using the word animals is
that he's a racist and that it's just
sort of a weird coincidence and people
are trying too hard to say that it was
an answer to a question now here's my
thing about or my point about Occam's
razor everyone thinks their own
explanation is a simple one I'm sure
there are exceptions but generally
speaking I think that my explanation is
always a simple one let me give you an
example with the question of President
Trump being a racist and saying you know
that the immigrants are animals which he
didn't say the argument is that if you
look at the whole context all of these
different racist things he's done you
know that's really the clear picture and
that's as simple as it can be if
somebody has 25 different examples of
doing things that sound racist what is
the simplest explanation the simplest
explanation is there a racist Occam's
razor right well here's another way to
look at this if somebody that you had
just been introduced to did something
that he was falsely accused of being a
racist and people bought into it let's
let's say that nobody caught on to it
like the animals saying and people just
bought into it what would they think for
the next 25 things that person did they
were ambiguous would they think to
themselves oh look there's 25 ambiguous
things Plus this one thing we believe in
no they would say all the 25 things are
true and if you looked at any one of
them they'd say yeah that one isn't so
much true but you have to look at all of
them unfortunately the way confirmation
bias works is that once you're convinced
getting twenty-five examples that
prove your point is very simple so the
simplest explanation of why there are so
many stories of President Trump doing
bad things as he is a racist monster
that's pretty simple here's another one
it's confirmation bias and his enemies
are branding him is that is that
complicated well it is complicated if
you start looking at all the examples
but it's very simple to know how you've
gotten so many examples because once you
get it going all the other examples are
just confirmation bias let's talk about
patterns took me a while to get here but
this is what I want to talk about
actually people are under the impression
that patterns tell them things and that
patterns are a form of thinking and if
you can see a pattern of behavior you
know something useful but here's the
problem with using patterns for thinking
patterns are not very reliable let me
just give you an example anything out of
context could look like a pattern but
you don't know that if you put the
proper context on it it wouldn't be so
for example I it looked like when
President Trump said those ms-13 people
are animals or I'm paraphrasing when
people didn't hear the gang member part
and they just heard the animals part
they said aha it fits the pattern
that's part of his pattern of behavior
but it wasn't it was just something
taken out of context alright there's
also a chance there are things called
statistical clusters so for example if
my small town had you know twice as many
cases of esophageal cancer than other
towns around here you are you would leap
to the conclusion wow there's something
happening in my town that's causing
everybody had to have this certain kind
of cancer but chance gets you that too
because things are not perfectly
distributed they'll just be some people
some places by chance
more of some stuff so chance fools you
having things out of context fools you
how about analogies here's an analogy
during the Vietnam or the North Vietnam
for North Vietnamese have built a lot of
tunnels so they lived underground and
tunnels but it didn't help them that
much because when we found the tunnels
meaning the the US soldiers they would
go in there with flamethrowers and dogs
and whatever and they would kill them in
their tunnels now Elon Musk is building
this Hyperloop using these boring things
which create big tunnels so what is to
stop the US government from going in
there with flamethrowers and dogs and
killing all the people who are trying to
commute well it's a perfect analogy if
bad things happen in tunnels and this is
a tunnel why wouldn't the bad things
happen there all right so this is my
ridiculous example but it's the same as
you know calling any modern leader
Hitler or Mussolini you know these these
kinds of gross analogies are ridiculous
so analogies are not sensible they're
not logic they're not based on reason
they're just things that remind you of
other things so if this is if analogies
are fitting into your pattern of
behavior such as people used to say look
at look at the way Trump's face looks
when he speaks it looks like mustn't
Mussolini it's fitting the pattern it's
fitting the pattern his chin he's got a
chin just like Mussolini
confirmation bias will make anything
look like a pattern once you think you
see the pattern it's all you see that's
all you see confirmation bias then
there's shenanigans you've got people in
the news making up stuff to say look at
all the examples of the badnesses this
person did huffington post somebody
tweet it around an older article in
which they had I think 16 examples of
why President Trump is a racist and I
started reading the first four and they
were ridiculous because they were
literally about other people
and I thought wow this is just
shenanigans somebody is just putting
something together to give you the idea
that there's a pattern now there's also
just imaginary patterns we just imagine
things that aren't there for a variety
of reasons some of them overlap these
other reasons but some sometimes we just
imagine patterns where there are none
and then there are real patterns but
here's the thing the whole reason we
care about patterns is because we think
they predict so if somebody is doing the
same thing boom boom boom boom boom you
say over tomorrow is going to be like
that because we've got a pattern but
here's the problem
sometimes patterns predict but lots of
times the pattern is the opposite of
what's going to happen and there's a
reason for that take it Nixon goes to
China the reason that Nixon could go
visit China was because his long history
and pattern of being tough on communism
predicted that he wouldn't right so but
so by being by doing the thing that he
wasn't supposed to do he found success
if we were to look at the pattern of
people running for president who did not
have prior experience in politics we
would say well the pattern is you
there's no way you're gonna get a
president Trump patterns even when
they're real ones even even if you've
got all the facts right
you think they predict but they don't
this is what we're seeing with the North
Korea situation people are saying my god
how can you be so dumb as to think that
this time things will go right in North
Korea don't you know that they always
promise things and get concessions and
then change their mind because they have
done that in the past but the likelihood
of them getting away with it again is
far far less because they have a pattern
it's the pattern itself that makes it
unlikely that the pattern is predictive
does everybody notice the pattern do you
think John Bolton hasn't noticed you
know he hasn't noticed
that there's a pattern that North Korea
sometimes changes its mind and we're
seeing we're seeing the u.s. play to
this difference right now by saying how
about giving us some of your nuclear
capabilities not all of it you know
we'll we'll give you a little bit we'll
promise you some security but give us
some of the nuclear capability just to
make sure that you're not not jacking us
around now that's that's not maybe the
full answer but it's part of addressing
why the pattern will will break so when
you see people arguing that yeah you if
you have disproven my one example I gave
you but look at the pattern these people
are sometimes just mistaken sometimes
just don't have a good point but lots of
times they're it's a cognitive
dissonance escape hatch I can tell you
that I could sit in a room with anybody
who accuses the president of being a
racist I could take their top 12 reasons
and debunk them so easily that it would
be almost entertaining all right it
would be as easy as the as the Trump
calling people animals things and I've
done some of those but we have a
whack-a-mole problem because no matter
how many times you say well that was not
real well sure of that one's not real
well look at the pattern and you say
well let's look at another one that
wasn't real that one's not real that
one's not real that was not real so I've
shown you that 12 the first 12 that we
talked about of your 25 reasons are
complete BS what do you say to that easy
you haven't talked about the other 12
and we know those are all real all right
let's talk about the other 12 debunk all
12 now what do you say and I'll tell you
what you say after you have debunked
every single thing that they thought was
the pattern they'll say something like
this Occam's razor don't overthink it
Scott look how long it took you for your
tour
explanation of why all 25 things are
coincidence it does take a long time but
I'm not the one who made the list 25
items long a I wasn't the one
who made the complexity I'm just talking
about with somebody else's complexity
which they've built out of mostly
imagination and confirmation bias and
chance and shenanigans and etc yeah
someone is saying here the human brain
tries to create order out of random
events now you're seeing some people
push back people are saying you
know you're trying to Scott you're your
pretzel logic you're trying so hard so
I've made a claim that I can debunk all
but one example of the president's past
racist behavior there's one that I can't
debunk and that's the the housing
discrimination case from under the 70s
or whatever now my view is that whether
or not he did a racist thing in 1970
whatever whether or not he knew about it
it was a bad thing you can't you can't
you can't explain that in a way etc but
very few of us are who we were 50 years
ago so if the question is who is he
today I don't know that that tells you a
lot because there are very few people
who would want to defend their their
twenty-something year old self right
very few of us would want to defend our
our younger self I wouldn't and I
wouldn't ask anybody else to it so if
you're 70 I apply what I call the 20
year rule if you were accused of some
bad behavior 20 years ago I say you know
it if you if you paid for it if you
changed your mind you know is it the
whole point of you know society and
human life and everything that we care
about isn't the point to get
better isn't the point to get rid of
your rough edges is it the point to
become more open-minded to be more
accepting more loving isn't the point to
go from your worst self to a better self
so if you're saying somebody did
something awful last week I'm gonna say
well that's probably who they still are
you know last week isn't that long ago
but if you tell me something somebody
did a housing discrimination thing 45
years ago really just trying to make
money yeah it wasn't so much about race
or anything they were just trying to
maximize their their their income it's
still deplorable it's still we have to
disavow it we all have to be on the same
side of this housing discrimination has
no place in the world but it was 45
years ago I absolutely did I absolutely
disallow anybody who did that 50 years
ago but today you know somebody saying
the Central Park five what about the
Central Park five that's that's a clear
indication that he's a racist in which
race was never mentioned it was about
crime he talked about crime he talked
the ECU was tough on crime have we
noticed that the president is tough on
crime all the time he is he is tough on
crime all the time doesn't matter who's
doing the crime so when you say what
about that Central Park five you were
falling for shenanigans you're falling
for a confirmation bias and maybe some
of it is out of context if you don't
know the whole story was he personally
responsible for the housing
discrimination yes is somebody saying
that case I think was in the 70s was
Trump personally aware of that the
people who worked for his company
were involved in some housing racial
discrimination we don't know but I would
argue that it doesn't matter right
because
who we are 45 years later now how long
would that be that be
yeah like 45 years later I don't know
how old he was I think he was of the
late 20s or something it's not really a
good indication of who we were you know
you remember Bob bird I think he was in
the KKK before he was in Congress why
was that okay because it was a long time
ago that's actually a good enough reason
for me you know if you don't allow you
know I'm not a believer as you know
don't I don't conform to any religion
but I'm a big fan of the the Christian
idea of forgiveness and you know okay
you were you were a turd do we hold that
against you forever it's okay to say
somebody was a turd and they got better
I'm okay with that
now if you have examples that are as bad
as the housing discrimination that fall
within the last 20 years for anybody
whether it's President Trump or anybody
else I'd say that's let's let's talk
about that that's not that long ago but
45 years ago I think we can let that go
and I would and by the way I do say the
same thing about Hillary Clinton right
so during the election people were
saying what about whitewater and stuff
like that to which I say too long ago
you know even if bad stuff happened
that's not who anybody is today did he
ever apologize to those young men did he
ever apologize to anybody if President
Trump was an apologizer and he simply
neglected to apologize whenever black
people were involved you could put that
in your confirmation bias to mean
something and it probably would but if
he's a person who doesn't who doesn't
apologize somebody saying that Hillary
Clinton said black people should heal
and call them super predators to which I
say say
standard that was more than 20 years ago
I'm pretty sure and I would hold her to
the same standard which is people people
said a lot of screwed up things a long
time ago but we're trying to get better
that's the point yeah you know you've
seen me on here some of you with my
buddy Hogg Newsome who's in black lives
matter now if I were to judge him by any
mistakes that he's admitted to you know
just the mistakes he's admitted to from
his his past
I could not be his friend I couldn't
talk to him I couldn't have a productive
conversation with him but I don't I
don't join I don't judge people by who
they were and I wouldn't want to be
judged by who I was I would prefer to be
judged by Who I am
she said deplorable Zinn 2016 yeah so
the deplorable comment was current and
you you could rightfully put more weight
on that I think
alright I'm just looking at your
comments right now I give me a sense was
this useful do you think it would help
you find any cognitive dissonance in the
wild
look look for the look for the word
salad when when when somebody is good at
speaking and normally they can be clear
and concise but in this moment they
can't
that's a people like this one good so
what I'm going to be doing maybe it'll
be a chapter I'm updating when Bigley my
book so when the paperback comes on
we'll have a bonus chapter and and I
think I'm going to go through each of
the whack Amole examples of why the
president is a horrible person and just
so that there's one place that you can
link to or point to and say alright yes
I hear you're sixteen examples here's
the sixteen reasons why this is
confirmation bias I will tell you that
it will be more entertaining than
persuasive because you can't get out of
the trap that there are so many of them
alright that statement but there are so
many of them that that is an inescapable
trap for the people who are in it so if
there were you know twenty-five examples
that people hold in their head of the
thing the bad things President Trump
said and if I do bunked all 25 of them
at the end of it do you think they would
say well that was pretty good I didn't
think that could happen but there it was
right in front of me I had 25 reasons
that you just showed me that all 25 are
objectively not what I thought they were
I'm done with that nobody will say that
people and people are not wired that way
they will say yeah but what about number
12 and you'll say were you listening we
already covered number 12 I already
showed you why that's not real and
they'll say sure number 12
what about seven what we just talked
about seven we just talked about it I
just showed you it was taken in the
context and you agreed you agreed and
that person will say sure seven right
but what about all the other ones we
just talked about all of them we just
talked about every single one on the
list were you not listening to me and
the person will say I love your pretzel
logic keep twisting yourself into a
pretzel Scott trying to explain all this
why don't you just stop overthinking it
that's what you're gonna get and so at
least you'll know when you've won the
argument you won't change many minds if
any but you'll have fun doing it how do
you change the minds you don't really I
don't think you can change any minds by
talking about the details it's just fun
and useful and I think you should be
documented all in one place I'm gonna do
it but primarily for interest and
education and entertainment to change
people's minds oddly you would probably
have to work on something that had
nothing to do with the topic in other
words if the president simply went on to
two successful terms in which he just
did a good job and everybody was happy
about it eventually people would say you
know that whole racism thing maybe that
was a little overblown right if you work
on it directly and say here's my here's
my example and you know I refute it to
their ID bunk this you can't get very
far
but if you change their general opinion
of the person they will rewrite their
own history all right this is that's
sort of an important concept that I said
quickly so I'm going to say it again if
you're trying to change people's minds
or you've decided that the president's a
giant racist
talking about their actual examples of
why they think it probably will never
change their mind they will they will
just be in this cognitive this
confirmation bias bubble and they can't
get out but if he can on his own through
his good presidenting let's say just
hypothetically let's say he you know
denuclearize North Korea the economy was
the best it's ever been these are
possible I'm not saying that either
these will actually happen but we're on
the cusp of all this being possible and
let's say this is far less likely but
let's say you got some kind of a good
result with Iran and the Middle East at
the end of eight years the people who
had been calling them a racist for eight
years would maybe not have as many
reasons that are current you know it
would start to sound like it's aging
stuff and they would talk themselves
into rewriting their own memory of how
racist he was because they want to like
him because he did all these good things
hypothetically all right somebody saying
Juan Williams has the worst confirmation
bias I've ever seen well you can't
really judge that so you're talking
about Juan Williams who appears on the
5:00 on fox news and you see him pundit
around in other places and writer I
would say this I'm gonna give him Juan
Williams a compliment
and it's a pretty big one now I would
say I don't agree with him too often on
his opinions but he is paid to be the
sort of loyal opposition
I mean his his job is to be the the
contrarian the more left-leaning person
on on the table so he it's kind of his
job to always disagree and that's not
always going to be on awkward all right
so it's hard to sort out what does he
really believe versus what is his job
you know doing the best job to present
the other side of the the issue there's
a little difference difference but
here's my compliment one I've talked
about this a lot how ego if people think
that their ego is who they are that's a
loser
strategy but if you think of your ego as
just a tool that you can ramp up and
ramp down when you need it just whenever
it's useful then you have sort of a
superpower one Williams is a perfect
example that love or hate what he says
lover hate his opinions but here's what
we can say for sure he takes a job in
which he's very good he's very well-paid
it's like it's sort of a dream job you
know he probably read some articles and
shows up for an hour and goes home I
mean it's a pretty darn good job and the
reason he can do that is that it seems
to me
yeah I'm not inside his head but it
seems to me he uses ego like a tool if
he was his ego he wouldn't do that job
if he said Who I am you know is I can't
be sitting with these people who have
these other opinions you know I can't be
sitting here being mocked by people who
I disagree with and sometimes they're
even wrong it would be a horrible
situation and you would give up the
easiest best money you ever had because
of your ego
what does Juan do here's my compliment
he's operating at a higher level he is
clearly comfortable in the abuse he is
comfortable when he's on the offense
he's comfortable on the defense have you
ever seen him look uncomfortable you
don't because apparently his ego is a
tool it's not something that controls
him that gave him a superpower and you
can see this so easily
that he's he's used that capability to
his to great effect well you talk about
the spy in the Trump campaign well you
know there's not much complexity to that
story and there's not much fun about it
meaning that if we don't know who it is
there's not much you can say except that
it was there and and I'm not sure we
should know who it is
because there's a pretty good there's a
good argument that says you can't give
up your sources because then you don't
get sources so I think there's a
reasonable argument on both sides that
makes it
not interesting but what what a wall if
you say about the I'd say the
proposition that we now know what
happened and this is one version of
event of events I think this is the
Judge Napolitano I think this might be
his version well let's just say it's my
version because some other people have
this version that Brennan and clapper
and Comey and you know Strock etc were
involved in a in actual effort to either
prevent Trump from getting elected to
worked and remove him once he was
elected and that they work with both
British assets and Russian assets to try
to make that happen do do all of you
watching this believe that that is now
fact that there was something that
looked very much like I don't know what
the legal word would be I I think it's
not technically treason because you have
to be a war to activate treason but a
conspiracy yeah so yeah all the people
who are saying yes a conspiracy yeah I
think treason is a technical word that
requires you to be in a state of war and
and that the treason would have to be on
behalf of the enemy that you're at war
with so to the extent that they did not
let's say collude with North Korea or
Isis or something it's not treason
technically yeah now I would be here's
the fascinating thing most of you are
consumers of news from the right
probably I'm guessing that the majority
of you watching this periscope are Fox
News
Breitbart type consumers and less Ian's
and MSNBC consumers but I'll bet if you
asked the people who all believe that
Trump was in on this collusion thing
with
I'll bet if you ask them right now that
would be almost unaware of this thing
that you all consider to be true I don't
know that's true but I'll bet if you
just stopped a typical let's say Hillary
voter and said what do you think about
the fact that we now know I don't know
if we know this but the the proposition
is and you know Brendan clapper and
Comey we're all in on it and it was a
conspiracy to try to you know overthrow
the government through through these
weasel means if you said to the typical
Clinton voter that that's now let's say
that these are facts in the public
domain what would they say I mean that's
a real question what would they say
because I don't know if I've I've
encountered anybody who's sort of in
that bubble and presented them with that
argument said okay you know that this is
now demonstrated fact right that these
guys were all in on the thing and it's
pretty obvious they made up the dot the
dossier and that you know there were
shenanigans to try to initiate a legal
there were some some weasel methods to
initiate a legal process which could
have kicked up some crimes because you
know it's easy to make anybody look like
a criminal yeah I don't think that
they've even heard the story of you it
I've as much as I've sampled eye samples
CNN more than MSNBC but as much as I've
sampled have you ever seen that story on
CNN yeah it's it's a whole different
world right I don't think they don't the
story clapper said that they did it to
protect Trump from Russia
yeah so I'd love to see that happen I'd
love to see a I want to see the
interview on the street in which
somebody puts the microphone in front of
the Hillary sport and say so what do you
what are you make in the news that you
know clapper and Brennan and Comey were
all in on this thing what would they say
would they say who I think they'd say
that why wouldn't they say who I don't
think they know anything about the story
yeah somebody's saying that even we
can't so that's true so part of the
problem is that if you asked me to
explain it in enough detail that
somebody really wanted to understand it
in all its detail I don't know if I can
do it because because of the legal stuff
you know there are all these gaps in my
knowledge where alright and then
somebody did something because this
would spark somebody to do something
else in the legal domain and I'm
thinking well maybe I don't know is that
the way it works so I'm not not entirely
sure that I can explain it all well I'm
I am entirely sure that I can't explain
it all let's put it that way yeah and
it's kind of amazing that both Brennan
and clapper are being paid tight
networks it's hard to believe that
they're still being paid but I guess it
would be embarrassing to you know
actually that's interesting
if either those two just stopped
appearing people would ask why say hey
why did you stop paying those two guys
those are a story there anything we need
to know all right
yeah I've read - Andrew McCarthy's and
he does a great job of explaining it
it's just that if you're not a lawyer
and you're not immersed in the details
it would be hard to read it and then
reproduce it for anybody else in a
meaningful way now let's let's be fair
here okay so let's let me be at least
attempt to be unbiased so what I've said
about Brandon and clapper and Comey
looks to you like a pattern of behavior
that is unambiguously a conspiracy I
will tell you that based on what I've
seen it does look exactly like a
conspiracy but do you know what else
looks exactly like a conspiracy a bunch
of coincidences and some confirmation
bias and a few things taken out of
context some patterns I imagine some
shenanigans for people who are on my
side you know convincing me so it is
true that the pattern looks very clear
to us is it therefore also true that
it's true can't tell you really can't
tell I would say at this point you know
in a world where you can see the people
you don't agree with believing things
that are ridiculous if you believe that
that only applies to other people then
you don't understand how any of this
works these are universal truths where
we're all susceptible to exactly the
same you know mental pitfalls doesn't
matter how informed you are doesn't
matter how smart you are doesn't matter
how much you know about persuasion you
you can be suckered in just as easily
you want me to hide the mic cable under
my shirt you know the only reason I
don't is because of length because I'm
connected way over there to my iPad and
if it's under my shirt
I can't move as far so there's a reason
for it
[Music]
alright that's all I got to say for
today and I am out of here for now and
I'll talk to you later