bum-bum-bum hey everybody come on in
here it's time for swaddling in a warm
blanket with Scott he came to the right
place if that's why you wanted to do
it's all okay that happened here I've
been taking questions on Twitter meaning
I tweeted to tell people to ask me
questions and I will be answering these
questions but first let me give you an
idea what's what's new and exciting
number one people are starting to wise
up to the fad to the fact that masks
might be a good idea after all
who saw that coming all of us so it's
sort of a crazy bizarre thing watching
watching our experts slowly start to
agree with the public it's supposed to
work the other way around right aren't
the experts supposed to have a position
and then the ignorant public eventually
learns what the experts teach them well
that would be great except we just did
it the opposite way where all the all
the non experts when they heard that
masks don't help you but they do help
professionals but they don't help you
you know half of the world who's not an
expert said well I'm no expert I'm no
expert but I'm pretty sure masks help a
little and of course the non experts all
right but that doesn't mean you should
always listen to non experts just
because in this obvious example they are
right for example one of the most
promising treatments apparently is a
Hydrox chloroquine and if you would
listen to the experts they would have
told you don't get so excited about this
but if you'd listened to the non experts
let's say Trump himself or or me or many
people in Twitter they they had been
saying hydroxychloroquine is great so we
might find out again whether or not the
experts were right downplaying a little
bit or other people who don't know
anything about anything we're right but
that would just be two things I mean you
can't make some kind of a big general
statement just because it might be that
ignorant people were right about two
things and experts were wrong about but
that's just two things let's talk about
those projections because if there's one
thing you can count on its that experts
are good at projections they're making
models if you've been watching me for a
while you know I can't stop talking
about how accurate complicated
projection models are I mean is there
anything they can do yes people we don't
know do things we don't understand and
then they produce graphs these graphs
are made by experts and we should trust
them but when we saw the graphs there
was one Wow
just a small quibble that I have but
again I'm no expert I'm no expert I it's
not like I'm some epidemiologist because
I'm not but when I listen to the experts
talk about their own graphs one of the
little tidbits the dr. Burks threw in
there was that when they were
calculating what the curve could be
without any abatement you know that the
Steep would wear you know two million
people might die and then they compared
it to the the lower the lower curve or
if you do everything right you know you
really work hard and do everything right
you might be able to get it down to a
hundred two hundred thousand people dead
and then the good doctor threw in this
little tidbit
that at first I thought I heard it wrong
and she said but of course these numbers
read New York in the average so New York
which is completely different than
anything that's happening anywhere in
the country you know there are few other
hotspots they have their problems but
New York is what half of all the problem
and New York is a especially steep curve
what kind of an average do you get when
you take a whole big country that mostly
doesn't have too many problems with a
few few little warm spots and then you
throw in this one data point that's as
big as all of the other data points it's
just one city and then you take the
average then that's the most worthless
number you could ever have and I don't
think I'm interpreting this I believe
she said that directly criticizing their
own graph she wanted us to know quite
reasonably wanted us to know that New
York was in the average now if you don't
you know if you not let's say conversing
with modeling and math and spreadsheets
and stuff maybe you didn't even catch
that maybe you didn't catch that but
what would have been the farm or let's
say clear would be one model that's just
for New York and then another model that
maybe is everything else because
everything else is so different from New
York and then that everything else I
think would look a lot lower than their
lowest curve and then New York if we try
hard and put you know super resources
into it
well maybe we can get that down as well
somebody says she seems credible you
know I she's very qualified of course I
was listening to it
today while I was walking instead of
watching it and somebody I'd heard
somebody say this just a valley girl up
talk and I never noticed it before and I
think that when you watch her live you
don't hear it the same way but if you
hear if you just listen to her
she has a voice that does not suggest
scientific excellence and you know
somebody's gonna say how a big sexist
has nothing to do with that you know you
could put a man into the same situation
it'd be exactly the same comment it's
just there's a certain style of talking
this sounds authoritative male or female
has nothing to do with gender and she
she has the other kind but I'm sure
she's very very capable everybody knows
good things better so but her voice her
voice maybe could be a little bit a
little bit more professional sounding
very small equivalent but anyway that
was to whoever said she sounds credible
yes she does in terms
she sounds credible in terms of
expertise of course so here's the thing
I'm still going to bet that the number
of deaths are lower than their lowest
estimate in that if you net out the
people who didn't die because we shut
everything down which which is gonna be
in the tens of thousands probably tens
of thousands of people won't die in car
accidents won't drowned in pool well I
don't know about pools but but a whole a
whole range of things they won't be
getting killed at so I'm still gonna say
5,000 net gross deaths might be exceed
that but net I'll say 5,000 now you
should not take my estimate to be likely
because what do I know I'm just the guy
who's been right about okay everything
so far but that doesn't mean it's gonna
continue all right so is it my
imagination or are people definitely
being nicer President Trump seems to be
modeling a little bit of nicer behavior
he was he that had extended interactions
with Jim Acosta which was not ideal but
you could easily
imagine that would have been worse so
just watching the president calling Jim
Acosta Jim you know he just used his
first name a few times and and he did
allow him to ask his questions he pushed
back but it was all way more polite than
you're used to
likewise when when we found out that
unfortunately Chris Chris Cuomo tested
positive for the virus I didn't see
anybody acting political or like a jerk
I'm sure there I'm sure there were some
because it's the Internet but mostly
people were just saying you know get
well soon and that's exactly what I want
to say no time for partisanship all
right somebody says only 5,000 were
already a 4,000 no listen to me
carefully because when you come back and
tell me I'm wrong this is the key point
we're not at 4,000 net net we're
actually negative so at this moment of
course this will change but at this
moment more people have been saved that
have died meaning that people would have
died in car accidents if we'd been
driving to work etc so we're actually
ahead in lives I'm not saying that will
last but that's where we are we're
actually in negative deaths net 60 hours
ago you said 4,000 god I knew this was
going to happen
everybody's gonna miss remember what I
said and then come back to to tell me
I'm wrong isn't it bad enough that I'm
probably gonna be wrong by a hundred
thousand according to the experts ken
can you live with that that in theory I
should be wrong but like a hundred
thousand at least if you're coming back
this just a bother the heck out of me if
somebody comes back is that you said and
it wasn't what I said I know that's
gonna happen why am i cranky I just took
a nap I just woke up from a nap all
right I got some questions here
which I will answer
Jen Tech sir says do you think drunk now
needs a behavioral psychologist on his
panel to get us through the anxiety and
stress well that's my job that's what
I'm here for
I'm to get you through your stress is it
working I I have to admit I'm losing a
little bit of confidence in the experts
but you know I think we're in the right
path actually Erica says I just need
calm I cannot take the press and the
hatred and snark anymore will it ever
stop well honestly it looks like there's
less than ever
compared to our normal and B normally
they're trying to impeach the president
and today they're just you know
wondering if he did the right thing as
soon as he could have let me think about
it
it wasn't long ago they were saying he
should be kicked out of office and
impeached and he was a tool of Russia
that's bad what they're criticizing him
today for is well you know he maybe eats
up a little too much camera time
communicating with the public okay
that's it you know if you look at the
nature of the complaints this week
they're very small they're kind of
numerous because they need to fill up
you know fill up the page and stuff but
they're so small he did the right thing
and nobody did the right thing faster
than any other country by hypothetically
had he known what he didn't know he
could have done it sooner those are the
kinds of the kinds of complaints that
people are making there they're not very
deep david angel says what makes the
virus models any better than the climate
change models well I'll tell you David
the further out you go in time and the
more variables you have the worse your
model as a general rule the virus models
are really short term they're actually
like weeks
compared to the climate bottles that are
you know decades in 80 years hundred
years and I would think that the virus
model has far fewer variables I think
right I mean I haven't looked at it in
that level but you think virus model
they're just gonna say I don't know six
variables how many could there be
whereas the climate seems more like
infinite variables so I'm not saying the
virus models are correct but I do think
you know the the experts and Trump and
foul Qi they had the worst time tried to
explain to the public this simple
concept and it was making me crazy
because they kept repeating it over and
over and you're probably already sick of
it which is that the models don't tell
you what's going to happen they tried to
explain this a million times now because
I've done lots of financial modeling you
know I'm awesome at eclis on that page
the the model the prediction doesn't
tell you what's going to happen it's
going to it's going to tell you sort of
directionally where things will go is it
real bad is it a little bad in you know
if you make this kind of change you'll
sort of generally go that way
they're very very approximate so the
models are doing doing their job as
scaring people to you know to comply but
I wouldn't look for accuracy even even
the short term they are have her useful
so who is it who said no prediction
somebody said something like there's a
famous quote like no predictions are
accurate but all predictions are useful
all right there's something like that I
mean no law Jody says I'm in New Orleans
too drove around to different hospitals
they all appear dead ghost towns why I
don't know I I would think that all the
activity is going to be concentrated in
a few hospitals so maybe it was a
different Hospital I know what ratio of
doctors to beds are needed
that's good question what would you
think with
knowing anything you know if we just had
the gas how many beds let's let's say
that means patients
how many patients can one doctor handle
that's a good question isn't it I have
no idea because he obviously depends but
if let's say you were taking the average
of these Cove in 19 patients you know
and you averaged an accident number need
ventilation and X number don't nobody
could one doctor handle let's say you
know in any given day during an
emergency 50 because remember they're
working long hours and they're really
hitting it you know they're not dawdling
so maybe one doctor could do 50 is that
way too high or way too low I have no
idea
pancakes or waffles
neither my opinion on today's briefing I
thought I thought the beginning of the
briefing was very strong and you Trump's
part in particular he did very well I
thought it went too long and maybe he
took too many questions and that it
seemed to look at all the estimates for
how many patients the doctor can handle
30 to 110 you know all kinds investments
all right so I think the president
probably should have kept that a shorter
but it was generally good let me tell
you what they are still failing at
completely so the the members of the
press they're so weak compared to the
government now I don't know if that's
just because of the era of Trump or
whatever but they're asking all these
questions of the administration and the
administration is just not answering
them and it goes like this this form of
the question how many ventilators do you
think we'll need and how many do we have
you know including the ones that are
coming that's like the whole question
right you could ask that same question
again forum asks how many do we need how
many do we have coming you know I mean
you could add a little detail but that's
basically I write and for each of the
different components the
hydroxychloroquine and the reporters
keep trying to ask that question in all
kinds of forums and even one of them was
smart enough to say shouldn't there be
somebody whose job it is just to be
measuring that stuff so that everybody
knows what we have and what we need and
report it out which is of course exactly
what I've been saying for a while that
Mike Pence's answer is that we have that
person and he named the person works for
FEMA yes you know we have exactly that
person you do you do because it doesn't
look like you have that person if you
have that person when they ask that
question you would have an answer and
even if the answer was approximate for
example you might say some people think
we'll need as many as 60,000 ventilators
others think it might only be 40,000
that's fine
that's fine that's telling you something
and then you go on to say we've you know
we know that we have let's say 20,000
ventilators if you added up all the the
people who are trying to make them and
promising we don't know if they'll meet
their commitments but if you just added
what they were promising we should be up
to 45,000 within three weeks how hard
would it be again you could be way off
but it's more than we know now I mean it
would at least let's say the numbers
were something like that we need 60,000
but it might be only 40,000 we've got
20,000 into warehouses and commitments
for another 25,000 wouldn't that do you
don't think anybody could have pulled
those numbers together and just told us
there could be that they're lying to us
the way they lied to us about the masks
the way they lied to us about the
hydroxychloroquine it could be a
shortage situation I don't know
so maybe they're still just
intentionally not telling us
but I would say this is just a gigantic
glaring flaw that the press is totally
letting them get away with and I don't
know if the press just doesn't know that
it should be reasonably easy to do I
don't know it's a big mystery where
they're not pushing on that but you know
I've been giving it a little time
because pence did say that they are
querying the hospitals to get exactly
this kind of information it could be it
just takes a few days if it's like
everything else in the world you can't
do it overnight but it's been a few days
and I'd like to see at least I don't
know one number like well we got the
masks number we're still working on the
other I don't have confidence if I'm not
seeing those numbers produced pretty
quickly well everything Ian says well
anything ever be done about the obvious
corruption of the World Health
Organization well I don't know but I'd
certainly be amazed if we continued to
fund them wouldn't you I mean I maybe
they do some things that are so
important that we have to anyway but
after this situation where the world's
North health organization seems to have
been completely a bad actor they weren't
even just worthless they were actually a
bad actor and may have caused a lot of
deaths so I don't know how we would
continue to fund them but we'll see what
percent are you so this is what percent
certainty I guess Mastiff auxins rest
that will see some sort of attacked by a
foreign country while we deal with the
cove in 19 here at home I would say none
the odds that a foreign country would
attack us under these circumstances or
none because first of all who attacks
the United States right you know who
would intentionally ever attack the
United States nobody what was the last
time somebody somebody who had a
standing army let's say don't let's not
terrorists but somebody you could find
like with a real
government attack the United States I
mean really when was the last time so no
that's not gonna happen
best investments for a 1 2 3 . well I
don't give investment advice but I will
tell you this generic thing which is
diversification is good and I personally
have my money in you know the bulk of it
in fortune 500 fund you know just an
unmanaged fund of American companies so
that way I don't have to pick winners
and losers I'm basically betting on
America and I would think that in our
current situation as whatever you think
will happen to America we're probably
going to get through this better than
anybody else I think so if you had to
put your money in a country it's still
kind of America we're still America even
as big as the budget deficit is and
everything else it's still better than
the alternatives what the hell is up
with the CDC good question say Jenny
Smith says will you comply as Bill Gates
suggests with an electronic certificate
identifying antibodies in order to
travel I would yeah I would there's lots
of things that I would do in an
emergency situation that I wouldn't do
in an ordinary situation but yeah if I
had to basically be tagged as somebody
who had recovered so I could travel yeah
why not
I mean it would just be for my own
benefit that I would have this extra
power that I could travel Dave says tell
us about the pranks you alluded to in
your book can't tell ya I can't tell ya
I'll tell you one prank though was it's
not one of the ones I alluded to but in
my first long-term relationship many
years ago I was living with a woman and
every every night she would I think she
used them to I know take off makeup or
something these little cotton balls so
she'd have a
a bag that she would buy with a big ol
bunch of cotton balls now the thing
about cotton balls is that when you take
one end of the bag it still looks like
the bag is full you can actually take
quite a few balls out before you
could convince yourself that any have
even left the bag I don't know they're
expanding or whatever it is so one day
Pam was her name she mentioned so yeah
oh geez it seems like you know this it's
like an infinite bag of cotton balls
every time I take one now it seems like
you can't even tell the difference and
from that day on I went to the store and
I bought my own bag of cotton balls and
every day I was very dedicated every day
I was walking and I would take I think
she would use two a day or something it
would take two cotton balls and in my
bag and put it in her bag so for months
and months and months she's taking two
bags at two cotton balls out of her bag
and it never goes down I think I think I
read this praying for like a year I got
like a full year and she never knew that
her cotton balls were always replenished
anyway I'm very dedicated to my pranks
how to fight through frustration with
learning new stuff I've been stuck in
the same project for two days well I I
don't know I'm not maybe not the best
one to ask because I very much dislike
that period where you're confused and
you can't figure out how to do something
I'll tell you the tricks I use I mean
one trick is to make sure you get get a
lot of sleep there are simply things you
can solve after you a good night's sleep
that you just can't when you're tired so
that's one thing another thing is ask
some other people what they do you know
check the YouTube videos and then just
keep keep chipping away at it yeah there
are a lot of things that it seems like
it's impossible to learn until you do so
just keep chipping away film Ladd says
if you were governor of New York
I'm not gonna read the rest of this you
know David David says should Twitter
personalities who are you talking about
David should Twitter personalities
without mathematics the science or
engineering degrees be allowed to
criticize probabilistic ependymal and
ependymal law epidemiological models
they obviously don't understand
I think that's directed at me David well
let me put it this way when the
epidemiologist says we through New York
in the numbers I don't really have to be
an epidemiologist to know that they
should have been separated all right so
the answer is apparently yes I should as
a Twitter personality
I should criticize that for what it's
worth I did that kind of work for a
living all right um what portion of the
people dying are from assisted living
facilities that got infected before the
shutdown you know the general question
is we don't know who's dying and why and
I've asked this question which is how
many doctors who took the
hydroxychloroquine before getting
anything how many of them have been
hospitalized and ventilated I'll bet
it's zero that's the dog that doesn't
bark in there that I believe the doctors
taking that drug to protect themselves
may or may not be getting the the virus
because I think you could still get it
but that it would be trivial if you did
so I'm predicting that nobody who's been
taking it for a while and then then got
exposed will be ventilated we'll see
what talents tack do you recommend
learning to prepare for a post corona
world well I wouldn't be a restaurant
server so restaurants are going to be
tough for a while
I would say podcasting would be good and
anything that you can do at home might
make a difference so I think the real
answer that was you should add to your
talent stack whatever makes sense with
what you're good at and you're what you
already have so you should build it
based on your specific situation
okay then the number the number
Canadia the numbers we see for confirmed
cases be taken seriously I don't know
what seriously means but you've got to
take all of the numbers you're saying
every estimate every ratio every raw
number you just really have to be
skeptical of it all and I don't see that
changing there's been a steady drumbeat
of outrage of the rest of the minister
in Florida I don't know that story was
that somebody who refused to do social
distancing was that the the guy who was
driving round and driving people to his
church or something I don't remember the
story all right do you think this
pandemic spirits will sway any was view
on the role of the government in health
care yes I do I do I think that the odds
of some kind of major healthcare
restructuring that somehow is informed
by this or influenced by it is very high
because this is such a big health care
event that it should it should start you
know influencing all of the ways we
think about health care in general now
predicting exactly how that comes out
what would be the hard part but what it
influenced it probably asks not
guaranteed but probably yes does the
kovat virus attack testicles as Alex
Jones suggests well when it comes to
testicle related science I do go to Alex
Jones for my my testicle news and I
believe that in this case Alex Jones is
compatible with the science now again
everything you read about anything in
this situation is such
his suspect but I can tell you I did
read an article that looked credible
that said some number of people had
testicle damage from it apparently it's
been harder than women in general and
then it could affect your testosterone
production which does make you it does
make you think that would be like the
perfect weapon imagine a virus that just
made the other side not as aggressive
what about that that'd be quite a weapon
do you think Trump was pacing the
American public at the outset Nemec it
looked to me like he knew a lot of
people would reject the ideas in other
words the idea of closing everything
down and I think in socially isolated so
he paced us meaning he he acted the way
we acted until he needed to tell us to
act differently and then we followed him
I don't think he did that intentionally
but that's what happened I do thank you
I do think that the president's
credibility went up because we saw the
journey yeah we the journey was public
you know in public he was like well
let's get back to work
you know let's push it maybe go back a
little earlier than the experts say but
let's do that and then we watched the we
heard the story of the experts coming
into the Oval Office showing him the
numbers and then he changed his mind
and so because we saw the whole journey
it makes you actually feel confident
it's like oh that's kind of maybe what I
would have done in that situation so I
think he handled at least the
decision-making and yeah I think you
could make this distinction I would say
the decision-making is very good
Trump's decision-making but you know
there's always something to quibble
about the communications and little
stuff well the next two weeks be as bad
as Trump suggests well again doesn't it
really depend if this hydroxychloroquine
works because if they if they start
giving
to people I guess three days ago and I
don't know what percentage of people are
getting it and then what at what phase
of their symptoms but if we started
going a little bit more aggressively on
that the next two weeks could be worse
than we're seeing but maybe not a
catastrophe maybe not so there's I would
say there's a solid 50% chance that
there's well there's no chance that the
next two weeks will be good you can rule
that out so there's no chance that you
know just nobody dies but the odds of it
being a you know the nightmare scenario
I think no more than 50/50 and you know
I told you I'm betting on the low side
why did you block Larry des liberal he
loves you in this good fun in the worst
of times
larry was DMing me multiple times per
day his tweets you know so that I would
see them and retweet them and I don't
mind retweeting stuff but I don't like
people sending me multiple teams a day
asking me to retweet stuff so it was
only because I'm it was causing me work
so it was nothing personal
he's very funny all right
do you see home values following due to
job loss yes of course yeah home values
will fall that's there's no doubt about
that
how should have virus prediction
modeling been presented well I think I
talked about that should we send
billions to Israel every year when we
have thousands of homeless here you know
the whole Israel question that's not a
it's not a fair question you know the
the money you spend on one thing isn't
the money that you would have spent on
another thing it just sort of doesn't
work that way so the first part is the
question is not fair you should say
should we should we spend any money on
Israel yes or no just by itself you
don't say and we could have used that
money too
keep somebody live that it doesn't work
that way because you could have borrowed
money to keep that other person alive if
that was a priority but to ask you a
question my understanding is we give
them foreign aid which we force them to
use to buy our military stuff so really
it's like we're giving it to our own
military-industrial complex
it only seems like we're giving it to
Israel pros Emma says do you love trans
women yes I do I love I love all people
Dave said should we boycott 18t for
supporting their fake news companies CNN
I'm not the boy cat guy I just you know
I get why people get mad they want to
buy a boycott but I just don't think
that's there just yeah it's not not the
way I'd go for anything flower child 99
says what do you think of dr. Shiva's
taken the virus he thinks ouchies in bed
with big pharma so to speak
pushing vaccines over boosting our
national immune health and testing of
vitamin A which should be done regularly
but isn't well I don't know how I could
weigh in on a medical question but I
will say that if if it's a question of
things which have passed scientific
muster we should look at them and if
it's something that hasn't then doctor
foul she's on strong ground and I don't
know if I don't know
that's vitamin A been looked at so I
can't ask I can't give you a good answer
on it talk about the infrastructure bill
you think it will really happen you know
if we were a rational species and a
rational time it would happen because I
don't think there's anybody on the left
or the right who doesn't recognize that
it's just sort of a good idea if ever
you were gonna do an infrastructure bill
do it now couldn't couldn't be a better
time because of the economic stimulus
and the fact that we need it and the
fact that
the moment people are willing to work
together basically every single
condition you would want we have so if
you can't get it done now you know when
can you get it done
so but I I am skeptical that you know we
could create a lot of jobs that way but
it might feel people feel like things
are going to the right direction yeah
that whole shovel shovel-ready thing
that never seems real to me
simulation question do other people
exist in your simulation or are they
just a simulated person to entertain you
well of course there's no way to know
the answer but let me speculate if we
are a simulation we either just live
independently as you know you you're a
simulation and I'm a software simulation
too but we could also be avatars that
some other creatures are using to
experience our game-like world now if
it's that one where there are avatars
who are inhabiting us it could be this
some of us have an avatar or some of us
have a creature inhabiting us and some
of us don't so that's one possibility
the other possibility is that only one
of us is real even in the simulation
there's only one sort of main character
and then everything else is scenery so
that's possible or that some of us are
real and others are backgrounds and NPCs
as they say so I think any of those are
possible at least at least you can't
prove they're not true mike says can you
give us an update on interface by one
hub and well here's the thing it's sort
of a perfect tool to be using in this
situation one my startup has an app
called interface where any expert can
sign up to take a phone call and charge
for it or not charge for it so it's the
not charge for it if you want to part
that's important you so it's a video
call with somebody that you can easily
find
the app who has expertise and is
available for a certain thing now it's
exactly what you need for tella
telehealth experts of all kinds in this
situation but I've just not felt
commercial these last several weeks the
thought of selling something even if
it's something that people want and just
my I don't know I don't have the fire
for anything that's just commercial at
the moment my my focus is more on the on
the emergency but that said it is also a
perfect tool so if there are any
individual doctors they can just sign up
and just you know if they could tweet it
out and say I'm on this app and they
could charge zero if they want or if
they're if they're already socially
isolating and you know maybe they tested
positive themselves they could just keep
being a doctor from whom and you
wouldn't need any approvals or anything
just sign up for the app is called
interface by win hub all right um why
haven't you talked about career
millionaire politicians who have sold
this out to China
I guess the implication being that
they're on the payroll or something you
know I don't know too much about that
situation except that it's obvious that
China is buying influence everywhere so
I don't know what you do about that
because whoever has the most money is
going to be buying influence and don't
you think the United States buys a lot
of influence maybe not as aggressively
as China let's see the bureau says I
bought a special blanket for a swaddle
time but wife is making me repaint the
whole house and I'm dead tired at 8:00
p.m. Eastern Time already questioned
should I listen to my my body my wife or
you well you should listen to me tell
your wife be raised missus be raised
this is this is message for you
you should let your husband swaddle and
his new newly purchased swaddle blanket
because this is important that house
will still need painting later all right
should we answer that will you do a live
street with me so I can ask you about
your childhood
well will you ask me about my childhood
and why would that matter happy to
answer those questions but I don't know
I don't know why you'd care where is
hunter there's a good question - where's
Joe Biden where is Joe Biden Oh calming
lessons would you like some lessons on
relaxing well I've told you how to relax
and I took my long walk today and
feeling good do you predict a spike in
divorces well it's going to work both
ways because some number of people
probably we're going to get divorced and
this changed the mind and some will
think well it's the last straw it's
probably a little both good and a doubt
- nothing can now find interface by it's
it's when hub whe n HUP so it's
interface by when hub it's in all the
app stores what do you think of the
Canadian diagnosis kits I don't know
that story well will happen to the
travel industry it will be dead for a
while but I think that you know people
like to travel I don't think that's
going to change as soon as they get
money again I think I think it'll come
back it'll just it's going to be a while
will the NFL play I'll bet not if I had
to predict I'd say no NFL season that's
my guess
do you think the new normal looks like I
think May first will just be extending
whatever we were doing before that I
don't think Bay first will be a real
change your life day will we fight for
gasoline like Mad Max well the good news
is I think we got plenty of gasoline it
could be super cheap the bad news is
that the you know the oil industry might
be going into business as simulations
very useful to self self hypnotized via
narrative fallacy I don't really know
what that means
when is the John McAfee interview you
know I I was gonna interview John McAfee
and he agreed which would be an amazing
interview but he needs to use secure
communications so he can't just call in
here and he can't call in on FaceTime
him he's got to use Skype and I didn't
know how they used I didn't know how to
do a split screen with Skype and I just
couldn't get the technology to work
podcasts do you follow you know I don't
listen to a lot of podcasts I end up
listening to whatever people recommend
people said be podcast all the time to
say yeah I gotta listen to this one so
sometimes I do why aren't we hearing of
Trump properties going to possible
bankruptcy it's a good question it's a
private company and who knows what they
are doing or need to do now a lot of
their business is licensing so they
don't own the building they've just
license their name for it
so there's still a problem which is they
won't get paid for the licenses if the
if the company and the license it goes
on to business but it's not like they
have a loan so in those cases it's just
a stream of income that stops versus
having something they owe a lot of money
on so but they have some of those too
I'm sure
do I like Victor David Davis Hanson yeah
he's always a good interview and a good
great writer do I play chess I play
chess with Christina before any of this
business started for the first time I
hadn't played chess in a million years
and it I'm not sure I have the patience
for it get Gordon Chang yeah I should
what is the secret to the universe well
what if the secrets of the universe is
that you can program it and that if you
learn that then you get everything you
want because sometimes it feels like
that that that some people have learned
how to program the simulation and there
are people I know I won't name any
examples but there are people I know who
can so consistently make things happen
that you don't think they should be able
to do that that you just wonder about
the nature of reality let me tell you a
story about the first time I realized
how influential I was or persuasive so
this is a real story
so back in college there was a
organization in college called the
coffee house and the coffee house was a
group that was run by students so the
students volunteered to run it and there
was a bar on campus
so we'd have live music and served
I think only beer at the time and some
snacks and I volunteered to work there
to get some experience managing a thing
and that was the Minister of Finance so
I was an economic major so I redid the
you know the the accounting system and
you know became one of these several
managers working in this bar environment
and it was the coolest job because it
was a bar and you know you're 18 and
you're in those days you could drink it
at 18 in New York so here is the
situation we would hire bartenders
and then we as a group the the so-called
managers would have to fire them if they
didn't perform and one of the people
that we hired was a close friend of mine
so I had talked the managers into hiring
a friend and he was the worst employee
he would show up an hour late he would
he'd be stoned he'd you know do things
wrong just the worst employee so so the
the other managers put up with him for
several weeks and they decided that they
were gonna have a meeting and we're
gonna fire him so I'm in the meeting in
which the managers are talking about
firing my friend who I had recommended
for the job of being a bartender I
decided that I was going to see if I
could get them to wait for it instead of
firing him that they would agree to make
him their boss to make him actually the
head of the managers I forget what the
title was though but that was open and I
didn't want to be the head I wanted to
be the one who sort of controlled the
head so to speak I didn't want I didn't
want that name the title by the one I
wanted to have the influence and so I
actually said you know what you're
saying about him being fired it's all
true
he really was late and he's really not
much of a bartender at all and I don't
think he has any of the natural talents
that would make a good bartender but you
know what he does have and I argued with
them they he had a unique talent stack
and in use those terms back then but he
had a unique set of skills that would
make him the perfect head of the
organization that was talking about
firing him right then so we were
literally talking about firing him as a
bartender and within 45 minutes I had
convinced everybody in the room that we
should not fire him and instead promote
him to be our own boss and and yeah they
said well you know you're still gonna
have to I don't know go through a vote
or something
and I sort of argued in my case and the
next thing you know you as fired as a
bartender and promoted to all of our
bosses that actually happened you know
and I tell that story I think has
anybody ever been almost fired but
instead got promoted to be the boss of
the person who was almost gonna fire him
I don't think that's ever happened in
the history of in the history of the
business so you should not be surprised
that when I later studied hypnosis and
the tools of persuasion that I had a
reason to think maybe I had some
national talent in that area so it's
it's just getting better was it any good
at a new job yeah actually I guess
that's the punch line the punch line he
was actually pretty good as a chairman I
think was a chairman it was the title he
was actually pretty good we with my help
we completely turned the place around
and lost money the business had lost
money every year every year I had been
on campus for you know decades and you
know I turned it all around and changed
the pricing and fired some vendors and
basically it was just a turnaround there
and it was making money for the first
time so so that happened anyway here's
another true story also from college the
same friend that I was telling this
story about and another one the three of
us we would sit in our dorm room and
enjoy the things that college students
enjoy when they're sitting in dorm rooms
okay know what I mean and we would have
wild ideas and plans for the future and
I came up with this plan I said why
don't the three of us be in charge of
the whole dormitory yes bombs were were
involved that is true and I said we
should be in charge of the dormitory
instead of having these professional
managers so there was like a
professional adult who lived there and
was sort of in charge and there were
these Resident Assistants students who
were sort of like that
his little army of things they said you
know we should just take over we should
like be in charge of the dorm the three
of us and we hatched this scheme to try
to sell to the administration the plan
where they would fire the adult and they
would pay us actually give us money the
three of us to be in charge of the
dormitory instead now how high do you
have to be to come up with that idea
well a year later as I was in my private
private room which was available only to
student managers the name of the title
which we gave it and then we took it and
we sold it to the administration and
sold it to these students who are coming
into the dormitory the next year and we
completely redid the the the form of
management in the dormitory and I
squared it I swear to God I got a
private room and I got paid and I also
you know we had the students doing the
jobs of security and cleaning the longer
room and and other stuff and and I took
some of those jobs too because yeah
anybody could volunteer for him so there
were days when I would be working
working security at night letting people
in and out of the building getting paid
for that I'd be doing my homework in
between and then when there was nobody
there and I was tired of homework I
walked across the hall and cleaned the
laundry room which I also paid for so I
got paid to be a student manager paid to
work security and paid to clean the
laundry room and I did them all at the
same time so I was working three jobs
and doing my homework while I was just
sort of staying up late so the the three
of us we took over years later there
were that dormitory still had that that
same structure I think they ended up
losing it but I was kind of persuasive
back in college and those are just the
stories I can tell you it was pretty it
was it was pretty fun times all right so
that's enough of my college stories
the only person who who had a better
scam in college was one of the other
students who worked security for the
whole campus so it was a student who a
part-time job working security and
mostly that meant he had a big
walkie-talkie and he would just go
around and let people in if it was after
the hurricane at the time that the
buildings were locked so he would get a
call go to a dormitory and let somebody
in and he'd walk over and do it but he
didn't like doing that so instead he
would come to our dormitory and and just
party so instead of working and letting
people in he would just put his
walkie-talkie down and get really high
and have a good time with us and then a
call would come in it's like Rare you
got that got something needs to be let
in if they're XY dormitory and you'd be
like okay I'm on my way and then you
just keep partying there you get another
call it's like oh they're still waiting
yeah are you on your way it's like oh
yeah I'm almost there I'm on my way and
they just put it down and you keep
partying and then you get a third call
it's like I cancel that somebody was
leaving the building and let him and
he's like oh I was almost there it puts
a town and he would just stay there
partying with us and everybody was
trying to get in a building if they
waited long enough somebody was leaving
and they would just just go in when
somebody left so he would just get paid
for lying in his lying to his
walkie-talkie it was pretty funny at the
time I have to admit all right with that
in mind that did I beat Christina in
chess I did
I believe I did yes and I will talk to
you
you had the morning