boom boom boom boom boom hey Tyler hey
Geoffrey I'm a little bit late this
morning
not my favorite day virus Joe Stephen
good morning everybody so I woke up this
morning to find out in a tweet that
Christina has broken up with me so I
just read the tweet myself
so obviously I knew there was something
brewing but I wasn't expecting that this
morning so if I don't seem like I'm in
my normal mood I think you understand
I'm not having a good month but enough
of that let's talk about Elizabeth
Warren know before we do that will you
join me for the simultaneous up please
do so Elizabeth Warren did something
that's just sort of delicious delicious
news it's the kind of news that you say
to yourself I'm glad there's news
because this is interesting news and the
news was that Elizabeth Warren had a DNA
test done to find out if she had any
Native American in her and turns out
that she got a DNA expert to look at her
results and he concluded that there was
a very high likelihood that there's some
Native American in her background now I
was surprised that you can't confirm it
but I guess the way DNA works is there's
always a little bit of uncertainty
especially if the line goes back a while
so there was some possibility that the
line goes back far enough that she might
be one 512
american-indian don't know for sure she
might be 1/32 so I think the range is
she could be is between 1/32 and one 512
but here's the here's the interesting
thing about it it still feels to be the
sort of tone-deaf and the reason the
reason it seems tone-deaf is if you've
seen the commercial so she's developed
this whole campaign ad around it in
which he shows the you know pictures of
her family and her relatives talking and
then then she shows the test results
being read by the DNA expert and and
then she ends it all by you know talking
about the pride in her heritage and then
she has it all standing next to her
family and the family is the widest
looking family you've ever seen in your
life and I thought to myself again if
you're african-american and you're
looking at her celebrating her one
thirty second to one five hundred and
twelfth range of Native American that
may or may not actually be in her pretty
sure it is but my nabhi so there's at
least some chance it's not very small
chances not so she did prove her claim
so I would say that the the reliability
of the test probably it looks like it
did proof or a claim but she took what
could have been good which is a simple
fact and then she she ruined it with the
visuals because if you just think of
elizabeth warren and let's so here's the
other way to have played it if you just
think of elizabeth warren and then you
think of is she or is she not native
american and then she presents you with
a DNA test and an expert this icy ashes
she's almost certainly got some Native
American in her not much wouldn't that
be like a total wind like that would be
a
we win if the only thing images in your
head are Elizabeth Warren herself and
the DNA test supports her claim that's a
clean win but instead she builds a
commercial around it in which the focus
is on her whiter than white relatives
and her and it just shows a whole bunch
of white people standing around
celebrating not being white I guess or
not being entirely white and I thought
to myself if you're african-american and
you're seeing these whiter than white
people smiling because they may have won
512 Native American what's that feel
like so the the visual of her standing
with her super white looking family
I think it detracted from the message
because it just looked like she was
taking advantage again you know the the
claim against her is that she took
advantage of it
and there she is she builds a commercial
taking advantage of it in other words
she did in fact build a commercial that
by any any reasonable interpretation was
taking advantage of her now it was an it
was couched in a defense you know it's
like hey you've attacked me here's my
defense I just proved you wrong that
part's good but she took a little too
far and started making it feel like it
was an important advantage she had in
some way and it just just felt like
she's sold that too hard I don't know if
anybody also has the same impression but
like all good news stories it holds open
the possibility that either side it has
an argument yeah that's what makes it a
good story so the people who say she
should not be talking about being Native
American are gonna use the load number
and say she is only one 512 Native
American and people who
our supporting er is gonna say well she
could be as much as 1/32 that's pretty
close that's a lot that's fair so
everybody gets a little bit of something
out of this there's something to like
something that's like let's talk about
this guy who I will call Khashoggi but
I'm listening to the people on the news
who are trying to pronounce it correctly
and I cannot speak Arabic and I could
not even begin to pronounce correctly
his last name but it's something like
Czech jokey jokey or something like that
but you know who I'm talking about so
that the journalist who got killed in
the embassy allegedly by Saudi Arabia
confirmation to be determined and
remember I said you there's probably
more to this story than we know and sure
enough the more just keeps coming out
there's just more and more and more now
none of it is entirely surprising but
there's just more of it so there's just
more more suspicion that he had he might
have had some dirt on the royal family
he might have been the biggest threat to
overthrow the royal family in Saudi
Arabia in favor of you know the Muslim
Brotherhood he might have been a spy of
the United States he could have been
turned by us so there's all this
speculation most of which has no
evidence to back it up except you know
sketchy evidence and the more they I see
it see about it the more I wonder if the
right framing for this is Saudi Arabia
kills a journalist because that's the
way it's being reported right and it's
being reported that way because the news
is run by journalists so when
journalists see a journalist get killed
by a government you can bet that they're
going to make a big deal about that and
and they should and and they are but
this gentleman shucked chogi work the
shogi or whatever he is he was way more
than a journalist isn't he
I'm not even sure it's fair to call him
a journalist even although that was his
occupation apparently it feels like he
was more of an activist more of a
revolutionary he was living in
self-imposed exile which is you know
that's that's gotta at least make you
scratch your head and say there might be
more going on here then and then just
being a journalist so we merit we never
may never know but what is clear is that
the US and Saudi Arabia don't want to be
enemies so there we are two countries
who really really don't want to be on
the other side of each other because you
know the the there's an enemy of our
n-no
how does that work we have a common
enemy in Iran for example and Saudi
Arabia looks like it's heading in the
right direction I'll be it's more slowly
than many people would like but at least
directionally they're heading toward
loosening up a little bit getting a
little friendlier with Israel
and working better with the United
States until this happened I think we
really need to know whether this just
shogi guy was up to something bad now I
don't know how to how offended to be
about this you know there are lots of
things in the news where you actually
feel you actually feel something
yourself so if you know if there's
something that's an affront against the
United States I can to feel it you know
you probably do too if there's a risk to
the United States I kind of feel the
risk you know North Korea was a good
example you can actually feel that risk
every day and there are other things
that are very central to the United
States our economy
you know our trade deals etc these
things are you can feel them almost
because you feel like you're part of the
country and when something happens that
affects the country you feel it but with
this journalist being killed in a Saudi
embassy in Turkey how I really feel it
yeah the the media is trying to make me
feel it by connecting it to our
relationship with Saudi Arabia Arabia
and so if something bad goes wrong there
and there's a good risk of that yeah I
would feel that but I've having trouble
caring frankly it's not that he's not an
ordinary journalist in which I would
care a lot because if they're killing
ordinary journalists who just happened
to be critics that would be one thing
but it does feel as though there might
be more going on and I don't feel like
we're ever gonna know what that more is
we're just not going to know what's
going on I will never know so under
those circumstances since the you know
the original crime doesn't really I just
don't feel it
it just doesn't feel like a United
States problem it feels like somebody
likened it to a mafia hit against their
own people it feels like the Mafia
killed a member of the Mafia so
technically he was in a competing mafia
right so he was he was the one who may
not be on the same side as the the Mafia
it might have a different Godfather or
something but it still feels like it
feels like their business far more than
it feels like my business and we'll see
if that makes any difference going
forward let's talk about climate change
so the President did a 60 Minutes
interview in which I thought there would
be a lot more news and I'm seeing little
clips taken out of the interview in
which the anti-trump media is trying to
turn it into something crazy you know
trying to turn it into something
provocative
but I don't know did we just get used to
him did did the world just get used to a
president Trump and now when he gives us
60 minutes minutes interview I felt as
though he said something that would have
been news making every every 30 seconds
but there's just there's just not much
there is there it feels like you just
said all the things you expected him to
say he was a little bit provocative like
he always is
he doesn't say things way people say it
but it didn't feel like he quite ever
made any big news which had to be
disappointing to them but one of the the
news that they're pulling out to try to
turn into news is that the president
said something about climate change
doesn't know how much of it is you know
human-caused versus natural cycles but
that they take that perfectly perfectly
reasonable sounding I'm gonna say
sounding so I don't talk about science
they take a reasonable sounding
explanation that he's that we're not
sure in the president's opinion this is
not my opinion yeah and the president's
opinion were not sure what's going on
but that there are natural cycles and so
it's hard to sort out what's natural and
what is it now I'm not smart enough to
know if that's a good explanation or a
bad one I'll just say that's his
explanation I think you know my own my
own explanations of climate change a
little different and you've heard them
before
but even that they had to take out of
context to turn it into news if you keep
it in context he's just saying that yeah
their scientists are political so here's
what he said if you keep the context
scientists are political and you have to
be careful about their their mass
agreement on this issue because it's a
political issue
fare all right if scientists are
involved but scientists are involved in
a very political a political situation
even scientists would agree that
introduces bias and that's important to
say right it's not just the president
who would say there's bias involved with
climate change even scientists other
kinds of scientists right
scientists who study persuasion who
study you know bias people who study the
mind all of those scientists would agree
that if you take reasonable objective
scientists and put them in a
supercharged political environment in
which they do have and do have a side
that the odds of that influencing the
result are very high
all right so so far what the president
said
scientists agree with which is if you
put normal objective people who even
intend to be objective in a highly
political situation you should have less
credibility in their result that's a
fair statement now the the scientific
process is supposed to you know check
for that that's why you have duplicated
experiments is why you have
peer-reviewed stuff but at the same time
and in the news last week we saw the the
hoax that was played on the under
reviewers of the scientific studies the
papers that get published and we saw
that people could just make up stuff and
get their papers published fairly
reliably so there was a group who played
a long-term hoax in which they wrote
just crazy papers and tried to get them
approved now what's interesting is that
they chose an area of science that they
knew was highly politicized so they did
a test which very which is very similar
[Music]
which is very similar to what the
president was talking about with the
climate
scientists which is the the hoaxers did
all their papers in the social sciences
area which is super political and sure
enough the super political area ignored
science so it was a whole bunch of
scientists who review papers they do the
peer reviews and they decide what's in
the publication but the hoaxers
demonstrated that more likely than not
you're going to find peer review for
things that people politically agree
with independent of the science that's
been shown this week so when the
president makes the same case he's he's
a pretty strong ground because just last
week it was shown to be true that
politics influenced whether something
gets published how people think about
whether they agree so that part's
demonstrated beyond a doubt in in my
opinion and there are been other studies
showing that scientific papers and
studies are hard to reproduce in fact
most of the times they're not
reproducible
[Music]
sorry getting messages it was a call
from Christina you're right so I will
get back to her and I guess that's all
for today I'll talk to you later