bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum hey sleepy heads
it's time to wake up and get your
beverage it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams for the early birds
I'm gonna take my first simultaneous sip
the rest of you go get your coffee mugs
quick about pom pom so yesterday was an
interesting day for me some of you may
have noticed over on Twitter the the
level of hatred for for me in particular
yesterday but there was a lot of hatred
on the internet yesterday but for me in
particular oh my god
it's probably the most hate I've
actually received since you know the
election itself and the the thing that
sparked it was I saw a tweet by Soledad
O'Brien in which she was talking about
the president and referred back to his
McCain comment in which he had the
president had famously said he he
prefers people who hadn't who didn't get
caught now the sole dad noted in her
tweet that he literally said he prefers
people who don't get caught and the the
implication is that the you know the
president is a horrible person who said
a horrible thing and her inner quote she
said he literally said you know that he
prefers people don't get caught i
retweeted it with my own comment which
was and it was literally a joke now I
didn't think that would cause much
problem but boy was I wrong about that
turns out that it unleashed this bottled
up hatred that I think has been you know
marinating and you know stewing sand
the election itself just looking for any
escape to to come out and and spread its
bile over people so I ended up in this
extended debate yesterday which I found
fascinating and entertaining to me in
which I would try to explain to people
what a joke was and it turns out I was
giving a lot of pushback on even whether
I could recognize a joke and so for my
own entertainment I said something that
I knew would just set a hair on fire
because it's it's a sort of thing you're
not supposed to say so because I wasn't
supposed to say it I thought I'm not
supposed to say this
I'm totally gonna say this let's just
see what happens so what I did was most
of the people who are coming after me
were the the party of hate you know the
people on the Left I've dubbed the party
of hate because all we really see out of
them is not solutions and helpfulness
but rather just pure hate and the that
hate was directed at me yesterday and so
what I said to whip it up a little
higher since most of the people in the
party they hate one of their big attacks
against their people that they don't
like on the right is that the right is
anti science in a variety of ways now I
don't think that's true if you compare
the two groups they just have different
things that they agree on the science
you know this group loves this kind of
science this group that loves the other
they're both Pro science but the left
likes to say the other side is science
deniers and so I thought I would give
them I would give them something to chew
on so that they could debunk their own
side while they were insulting me
because I thought that would be funny so
I said paraphrasing I said something
like this I said that I'm a professional
humorist with three decades of practice
and that I've literally written of
for humor and so if you're saying that
what President Trump said is not a joke
it's your opinion against a you know a
professional humorist who does this
literally every day now I thought that
would be kind of funny because you know
any normal person would say well okay
well you got a point there you are the
expert there's no doubt about that but I
did recognize this as a joke but you
know I I bow to your expertise because
that's sort of what a stable
level-headed person might have done even
if they still disagreed
even if they still disagreed a normal
person would say okay that is a good
point you are a professional humor
writer for 30 years you probably pretty
good at recognizing what is a joke but
did they do that no they did not most of
them came back to me with some comment
like this shut the F up you a-hole you
are disgusting garbage human you are the
worst person in the world it was it was
a level of hate that you rarely see it
was just lots of it which was
entertaining but I thought that I would
do a little tutorial and go to the
whiteboard here and teach people how to
recognize a joke now you'll also learn a
little bit about how to write a joke but
you won't become a joke writer from this
lesson but it'll get you about halfway
there so let's go to the whiteboard and
we're gonna talk about president Trump's
what I call a joke and other people just
say is plain mean and could not be a
joke and who it was his comment for
those of you don't know Senator McCain
when he was in the service was shot down
over Vietnam he was captured he was
tortured he was he was badly injured and
by all credible accounts he is a
legitimate war hero somebody saying the
word songbird I believe there's a fake
news that says that he that he was you
know talking and broke under pressure my
understanding is that that's just fake
news but
it's very popular on the right so the to
the best of my understanding there's
nothing like that that ever happened so
McCain is a legitimate war hero worthy
of great respect okay so let's let's
agree that base and then we can talk
about this without that getting in the
way so you're a few things you need to
know about humor number one I've been
saying this often lately about thirty
percent of the public
literally not'n there's no joking here
but actually literally technically
doesn't have really a sense of humor now
I mean that the same way I can't
appreciate let's say a fine wine you
know I I don't really have those kinds
of taste buds I mean it's the same way I
don't have any musical ability yeah I'm
a little tone deaf there's nothing wrong
with me
it's just that particular skill I just
don't have right there are some people
who have no artistic ability just
whatsoever no artistic ability there's
nothing wrong with them you know talent
is distributed unevenly and it's my
observation after a long life of writing
humor and watching people react that
about a third of the public legitimately
not meant to be an insult with complete
respect I say about a third of the
public doesn't actually have something
that I would call a sense of humor and I
don't mean that as criticism it's just a
fact now they don't know it because the
weird thing is if you don't have a sense
of humor you're just seeing other people
laughing and stuff and you you might say
well I laugh too but it's you know when
I see somebody fall off a bicycle or you
know the ball had some in the you know
in the nuts or something but about a
third of the people just don't really
have a sense of you were here's my two
of six rule I created created long ago
I've written about this if you just
google to a six rule
humor and my name you'll see some
details but the rule works like this in
order for something to be recognized as
a joke by not the 30% because they can't
recognize a joke but by the 70% who do
know what jokes are you've got to have
at least two of these dimensions or it
doesn't qualify people just won't
recognize it as a joke now let me go
through this to give you some some
insight what they mean mean is anything
well you know I mean is it's a a joke
that says somebody's expense right so
you're making fun of somebody you're
being a little mean or there's something
that bad that happens to somebody
something mean happens bizarre is any
two things that are out of place you'll
see in comics quite often that animals
will be talking and walking on their
hind legs that's bizarre and it's one
dimension if you get that right as the
far side cartoon often did you remember
the old far side cartoon there was lots
of animals that stood upright and talked
so he had this dimension sort of
automatically before he even needed to
write the rest of the jokes it was a
good good set up clever
is a play on words or or something
that's been engineered differently or
just looked at differently you'll
recognise clever when you see it naughty
is juice usually bathroom humor sex
jokes I'm not generally attracted to
that kind of humor but it needs to be on
the list because some people are
recognizable this is the dimension I use
the most
with Dilbert recognizable means that you
look at the joke or the comic and you
say oh yeah I was in that situation so
if you can say oh yeah I was there I
recognize that situation that's that
dimension cute is usually animals and
kids adults aren't really cute in the
sense that matters for this so let's
take possibly the greatest comic of all
time Calvin and Hobbes Calvin and Hobbes
is cute cute little kid cute little
stuffed animal Hobbes
right so before he's even written the
joke he's got this dimension because
he's such a good artist he uses clever
quite often you know the the dialogue is
clever the situations are clever he
engineers clever little outcomes that
you didn't see coming it's bizarre
because the the the talking tiger is
sometimes a real tiger and sometimes a
stuffed tiger so that's bizarre it's not
something you see in the real world and
then often mean things would happen you
know there's things with the bullies
something bad happens to one of the
characters that sort of thing so the
reason that you thought Calvin Hobbs and
this would be a a widely held opinion
was the best comic strip of all time is
because it was designed from the
beginning to take advantage of the the
artists you know talents for both art
and writing and he would start often
with four dimensions and you only need
two alright so he was sort of double
doubly formulated if you will before
he'd even done much work so it's not an
accident the Calvin and Hobbes is one of
the greatest comics of all time it was
designed so it could hit a lot of
elements all the time
Dilbert has a similar but less effective
design alright so if you come down a
level from both peanuts and Bill
Watterson they both use the same formula
kids talking animals right
you know Snoopy and Hobbes are basically
the same character if you think about it
you know
Snoopy's a regular dog but then he's
also flying on his you know his Sopwith
Camel on top of his doghouse so peanuts
and Calvin and Hobbes both are designed
to automatically take advantage easily
to the major dimensions it's not an
accident that they're the the most
popular comics of all time Dilbert asic
advantage of the recognizable one most
of the time I say yeah if you worked in
a big company you recognize this
situation then I'll do something that's
usually
clever or mean sometimes I'll have a
talking dog so most of my comics are
two-dimensional sometimes I get three
once in a while I'll have four and and
that will be my most popular comic now
if you're someone who does this for a
living and you recognize the formula you
can look at a comic that's trending and
viral to viral and you can say I see why
that's viral look at the dimensions one
two three four all right I don't know if
anybody has ever written a six
dimensional joke it seems like it's
theoretically possible but I don't know
that anybody's ever accomplished it if
you ever see it it's gonna be a good
joke all right
so looking at the McKean joke which I
call the joke and other people don't we
can just see if it hits the dimensions
and then we can do a confirmation by
saying did people laugh now the fact
that people laughed at it doesn't make
it a joke but it might be further
confirmation if you've hit the formula
so president way it was actually
candidate Trump's joke about McCain was
that you know instead of calling him a
war hero Trump said I prefer people who
didn't get caught all right that's
pretty mean isn't it that's really mean
because he's a a war hero you know
somebody was in the service serving our
country and and he was literally put up
with torture for the honor of his
country and he's saying I prefer people
who didn't get caught that's really
really mean it's also one dimension of
the humor formula
it was also clever
all right it was clever in the same way
that Trump reframed Jeb Bush
so he took Jeb Bush who was this calm
collected you know very capable
executive type with a lot of experience
and he reframed that cleverly in
low-energy and then you could never see
it the earth that's the only way you
could ever see it after that so it was
the same clever reframe that he
attempted he attempted to say in a
joking framework well I prefer people
who didn't get caught because it takes
all of this awesome goodness which if
we're if we're being honest the
President and every single person
observing the situation agrees that a
legitimate war hero is sort of a
standard that you don't go after all
right so it was clever to take this holy
you know very respected symbol of war
hero who put up literally put up with
torture for the you know honor of the
country for the you know for the benefit
of the the other people who were not
going to be released as soon as he did
McCain actually delayed his own release
so you wouldn't be released before his
the rest of the guys there I mean very
honorable stuff and when you reframe
that and say I just prefer people don't
get caught to me it hits the formula
it's very mean it's very clever and it
fits it now well some people say is oh
my god
it's punching down oh that's punching
down you don't punch down because when
you think about it you think of Trump as
this billionaire who's the President of
the United States you know literally the
most important not important maybe but
maybe most powerful human being in the
galaxy
I don't even think that's a that's not a
exaggeration right President Trump at
the moment might be the most powerful
person in the galaxy all right and when
you think of McCain you think of this
young service person who is badly
wounded in a cage can Vietnam as a
captioner and you think are this
powerful
powerful persons in the galaxy punching
down at this you know young service
person who was just trying to serve his
country uh uh uh you know your your
human instinct is like no we don't like
punching down but that's not what
happened I just made you revise your
memory and you might not even notice
what I just did what I just described
never happened here's what did happen
candidate Trump not the most important
person in the galaxy was widely believed
to be a ridiculous clown racist
misogynist xenophobe and fifty other
insults the world expected he had no
chance of ever holding any kind of
office had never held any office he was
literally the most disrespected lowest
of the candidates in terms of sort of
how the good people think about him at
the time of the joke McCain was a senior
senate senator may be the most important
senator which would make him maybe the
most important person in the entire US
government who wasn't actually the
president and even the president was a
lame dog at that point so you could
argue that mccain was one of the most
powerful people in the world and and a
war hero most powerful person in the
government or one of them right in the
top ten at least and a war hero
McCain's up here candidate Trump was way
the hell down here Trump was absolutely
punching up all right he was he wasn't
he wasn't president Trump punching down
at an imaginary twenty five-year-old
years ago who was in a cage in Vietnam
that would be punching down in the worst
possible way but because your mind is
conflating the the present and the past
you have this image of Trump
chin down and it's gross but it also
didn't happen it's a complete imaginary
situation
now here's another concept you need to
know about humor the funny or something
is the more you can get away with right
this is just always true if something is
hilarious
and also really really mean you're still
just gonna laugh and say okay that was
really mean but it was certainly
hilarious so the hilarious part just
sort of washes out the mean part you go
out I'll live with it I'll live with the
mean part because it was pretty funny
but if you're not funny enough and yet
you say something that sort of mean and
dangerous such as trying to reframe a
legitimate war hero as as someone who
got caught that's a dangerous thing to
say but it's only two of these
dimensions it's mean and it's clever to
do something that dangerous and that
mean means sounding anyway I don't think
it was mean but it was mean sounding it
is struck all of us as mean so that's
the same point you're gonna need to hit
three maybe four dimensions before
you've got a little cover all right
Trump's mistake was what I call a joke
mistake a joke mistake he didn't have
enough dimensions in his formulation so
he was not on the funny danger line he
was below it he was dangerous without
being funny enough and he had 30 percent
of the population who couldn't even tell
he was trying to be funny so there was a
lot of mistake there so just to be clear
for you know from the first time I heard
him say it I labeled it as a mistake
so most of my criticism yesterday was in
the form of my god how can you say this
was a good thing which
exactly what I don't say it was a
terrible thing it didn't work out it
didn't work out for Trump it didn't work
out for McCain it didn't work out for
the people who didn't recognize it it
didn't work out for me
it didn't work out for people in the
service it didn't work out for anybody
so you can't say it was anything but a
mistake if it literally didn't work for
anybody you know at the very least if
they hadn't worked out for Trump himself
but maybe it was bad for other people
you could say well I don't agree with it
or it was mean or was evil but at least
he did what he was trying to do none of
that happened nothing nothing about this
worked it just became this big problem
right but let's put it in context it
wasn't a problem like murder right it
was sort of a problem like a joke that
didn't land now what is what are the
things that people liked about President
Trump you know if you were to say name
you know in the briefest possible way
tell us what what the voters liked about
him in the first place you know you
could talk about all of his policies and
you could talk for hours but what's
what's the heart of it what's the the
the simplest explanation of why people
were drawn to the president I'll give
you my opinion it's because he didn't
respect boundaries he didn't respect
boundaries and we thought
lots of people thought not everybody but
lots of people thought that's just sort
of what we needed right now we needed
somebody who had the right intentions to
make the country a better place as long
as we trusted that his you know his
interests and our interests were the
same and and why wouldn't he want the
country to be greater like that that
accrues to his benefit as well so so in
my case I trusted well his self-interest
and the country's interests are gonna be
the same because there's so much
watching of him even if he wanted to do
something bad
we were watching too closely he couldn't
happen
so as long as his intentions are good
you know we have a better feeling about
him all right
now you may remember Kathy Griffin did
something that she might have thought
was a joke she posed for a picture in
which he held a representation of
president Trump's bloody severed head it
caused many people to criticize Kathy
Griffin do you remember what I said I
said it's just a joke it's it didn't
work didn't work for Kathy didn't work
you know some people liked it and they
laughed but it fell flat I publicly and
immediately defended Kathy Griffin
because I said yeah I get why everybody
is offended but this isn't like murder
this is a joke that didn't work and how
do I know it's a joke it was mean it was
bizarre it was clever
all right it had all the dimensions
Kathy is a professional humorist there's
no other explanation of what she had in
mind but people said quite reasonably
this isn't funny enough you're below the
funny line all right even though it had
the elements it just struck this wrong
because it's it's so gross and it's yeah
it reminds us of the real beheadings and
that's not funny
so because we could think of the real
beheadings and they're still fresh in
our minds we couldn't you know process
it as a joke most of us now that the
people who hated the President did
process the best joke and they laughed
now laughter is a confirmation that
something was a joke similarly if you
play back the video of pres
from the very first time he said yeah
president our first time he said McCain
got caught you hear that the and he
prefers people it didn't get caught you
hear the audience laughing now they're
gasping but they're also laughing so
it's not the laughter that tells you
it's a joke because two people do laugh
at things that are just awful or
surprising but the laughter can confirm
after you've seen that it hits the notes
it's like oh I hit the notes and people
laughed and the person doing it is known
for telling jokes that's a joke even if
it's not funny
so I defended Cathy the same way I
defend President Trump a bad joke is a
bad joke now the people who say it's not
a joke they're not exactly saying he
wasn't trying to joke they're saying
that his main message was the evil part
you know he's his main message was that
McCain was not really a war hero now I
would suggest that in context what we
saw was President Trump in a competition
to become president in which the entire
I would say the main fabric of the
competition was demeaning the critics
and the people you're running against it
was the main thing people were doing
during the same time candidate Clinton
was calling the president a racist and a
you know saying everything he did was
dark and he was a sexist at all these
now if you think all those things are
true then you don't even notice that
anything bad happened if you think that
they're not true you say to yourself my
god how could anybody say such terrible
things in public and it's just horrible
that imagine calling another person in
public you know a racist that's some
serious all right
Hillary did that every day now you say
well some people are going to say well
that's okay because he really is one but
you know that's that's a pretty high
standard to call somebody racist
I personally don't think he is in any
meaningful way that isn't universally
true of all people but if you look at
president Trump's reframing of Hillary
Clinton as crooked Hillary it was deeply
demeaning it was meant to diminish her
but it was also a little bit funny in
the context of his nicknames that one
worked so the reason that the crooked
Hillary worked lyin Ted worked and
low-energy Jeb worked is that they were
funny enough and they weren't really
dangerous because people say okay he's
just making fun of another candidate
it's light hearted anything so he stayed
on the line with those those other ones
and that's what made it work
so Michelle wolf she did her comedy
routine at the the correspondents at the
White House Correspondents Dinner her
critics said my god that wasn't funny
you were just being mean to especially
to Sanders but the people on the Left
said no that was just funny you know
she's just doing jokes she was hired to
do jokes and the people on the right
said my god that's now funny these are
not jokes she's just being mean what did
I do
I defended her they're just jokes where
they mean yes
where was Michelle wolf off the line yes
she was not funny enough for how mean
she was just like Kathy Griffin with
that with you know one situation and
just like the McCain reframe so it was
okay when President said Jeb Bush is
low-energy
but think about it Jeb Bush had been a
public servant for you know many years a
respected a respected politician someone
who easily could have been the President
of the United States and we would
probably would have been happy about it
you know if we didn't know any contrast
so was it fair to call Jeb low energy
and like label him forever
not really but it was funny enough and
it wasn't that bad so he got away with
now when the president goes after a war
hero he's doing what people liked about
him at least his supporters liked there
was a line he wasn't supposed to cross
yet don't make fun of Senator McCain's
war record that is a line you do not
cross here's President Trump
[Music]
it was her line back there didn't notice
it's kind of what people liked about him
that one case I label it as a mistake
but consider how many things he said in
public how many jokes he's done in
public etc you know he's got a pretty
good record for humor now amazingly I
argued with people online yesterday
quite a bit a number of people who said
that President Trump has never been
funny or never attempted humor before
and therefore this wasn't humor either
and I thought to myself President Trump
has never attempted humor in public what
what were old are you on what do you
call his rallies and then somebody would
say to me oh he's done humor in public
are you referring to his you know here's
his press briefings to which I say yes
yes he says funny things in his press
briefings that's exactly what I'm saying
you haven't noticed how did you not
notice all right so the the funniest
critic yesterday was do you know the
name Andy Richter he was a sidekick for
a Conan I'm not sure if he still is but
you know has also an independent career
in humor and humor acting and I don't
know if he does stand-up but he might
and he came after me too for suggesting
that the McCain
frame was intended as a joke a
professional a professional comedy guy
and he came after me personally like it
wasn't you know I disagree that it was a
joke or I don't like President Trump he
came after me with with no specific
criticism just Calif for me and yeah I
don't know dozens and dozens maybe over
a hundred actually I figure a few
hundred people literally just came for
me and just insulted every part of my
looks my personality my talent hundreds
of people came came by just to say oh I
think he's the guy who does Dilbert or
no he I think he's the guy who does
Garfield or to tell me that Dilbert has
never been funny
not even once so how would I know what a
joke looks like and it was once again
the party of hate there was no arguing
with the point you know there was nobody
saying oh you know Scott I don't believe
that you're forming little works or that
it's valid nobody said that nobody said
yeah your formulas valid but I think in
this case he only had one dimension
which wouldn't be enough nobody said
that all they said was that I personally
am a horrible horrible piece of garbage
that was their argument that I'm garbage
so I thought I would create this little
video and then I'll link to it for all
the people who don't understand how
humor works but I would ask those who
came after me personally to check to
make sure you haven't become the thing
you hate alright I've defended your side
and we'll keep doing it if your side
tells a joke and it doesn't land and
even though there was a mean real
message at the base of the joke the real
message was
I don't like President Trump alright the
real message was we don't like you know
Sarah Sanders we don't like the
administration the real message here was
the president was just
framing a critic the way he reframed you
know low-energy jab and lying Ted Cruz
joke didn't land jokes didn't land for
everybody jokes didn't land for
everybody but they landed for some
people they they landed for the people
usually on their side who weren't too
sensitive about these things I'm going
to defend humor as not the same as
murder and not the same as a direct
message consider if you will that any of
these three people had taken their joke
format and said just the the mean part
of the joke you know the the part that
they meant without the humor imagine
Kathy Griffin saying yeah in all
seriousness it'd be great if somebody
murdered the president she wouldn't say
that all right that if you took the joke
away that would be like a lot that
that's the worst thing I've ever earned
if Michelle wolf said I really
yeah if she'd said what she really
thinks I believe which is I really hate
Sarah Sanders I just hate her frickin
guts if she had said that without the
joke around it imagine how much worse
that would be but then so if you don't
see the joke it just looks like that
message that I just said likewise the
McCain reference if the President had
said something like oh I I totally don't
respect captured you know POWs like
first of all he doesn't think that he
was just reframing McKean in particular
because McCain was a special critic he
was punching up so you know the
president didn't really have a serious
message unlike the other two his message
was just trying to put McCain in a unit
any lower you know take him down and run
but it didn't work all right
I'm gonna give you my bonus end of the
periscope thought for those who those
who have lasted this long do you
remember what the uncanny valley is I'll
remind you it's a concept in which let's
take robots
if you saw a robot that was made of
metal and you look like sort of an
old-timey robot you'd say oh that's cute
it's a robot and if you saw a human
being who is just a regular human being
and they were attractive you'd say oh
that's a cute human assuming it was a
cute human that's a good-looking human
but the uncanny valley without all the
details means that if your artificial
life your robot were improved and it's
looks to be more of an Android until it
was almost like a human but not your
reaction to that new thing would not be
the logical thing you say to yourself oh
this robot is like 98% acts just like a
human that's pretty cool like that's a
cool robot you wouldn't say that you
would actually be disgusted by it
because it was almost human but there
was something wrong and that's the
that's what the uncanny valley refers to
is that the closer the artificial life
gets to being a real human until it gets
exactly there and is identical to a
human that last little part we are
actually revolted by it's like think of
zombies a zombie is kind of a human but
not right if you see a an alien in let's
say a movie where the human body has
been taken over by the alien they'll
play them creepy it's like yes how are
you honey
I had a good day and you're a little
creeped out because you're like oh
that's like almost a human but not quite
take this concept to politics
I believe the uncanny valley is
explaining the level of hate and
revulsion we're seeing between the left
and the right when the left looked at me
yesterday the the types of responses I
got were were not normal
political I don't like your side you're
stupid you know how dumb can you be
that kind of stuff surfacy kind of
criticisms it was actual revulsion
people were actually sickened by
pictures of me references to me and
especially imagining me so you know from
your own experience that if you're in
love with somebody they just look better
you know you you imagine that they're
better looking because you love them and
if you hate somebody even if they're
attractive you know I'm not but even if
you if you hate somebody they look extra
ugly so the people who hate President
Trump to them he physically looks
disgusting but the people who love him
he's like God for a 71 year old he's in
pretty good shape
I mean that guy's got all his hair it
looks pretty good right so you're you're
a pretty impression of physical
attractiveness is very much influenced
by just your feeling about the person
now in politics when you see tell me
this isn't true
wait I'm gonna I'm gonna need I'm gonna
need a prop don't go anywhere
you know where I'm going when you see
most of you are on the right most of my
viewers here when you see somebody on
the left and you have like a reaction to
them tell me I'm wrong
what you're seeing is the uncanny valley
you're seeing somebody who has the DNA
of a human being the outward appearance
of a human being they're almost a human
being but they do this cut felt lovey
how could you make a joke about Senator
McCain that's not funny
and you say to yourself Dale you're like
almost a human but what is that like
I don't know what I'm saying here it's
like an alien it's like a monster's like
a zombie I don't know what that is to be
fair let's reverse it when Dale who
believes he is just a guy with a meat
beard is looking at you huh as I look at
these conservatives these people who are
supporters of mr. Trump I noticed that
they look a lot like regular people but
when they talk they're saying things
that regular people shouldn't say so I'm
I'm revolted by them
oh they're disgusting they're they're
not just human they're like human
garbage garbage garbage is actually the
word I heard the most yesterday about me
now when you call somebody garbage
you're not just saying I don't like
their opinion you know you're saying
you're you're you're revolted by them
and that's where we are now yeah the
deplorable is comment we're not just
disagreeing anymore
we're deep in the uncanny valley when we
look at people on the other side were
actually physically disgusted because
they look like humans but we don't
understand why something that looks like
a human is acting and talking the way
they are some sort of monster all right
so that's my bonus thought for the day I
call the anti-trump errs and the left in
particular the party of hate because
they're leaving they're leaving with
that revulsion
the uncanny valley is as sort of their
their world now on the right people can
be just as hateful just as mean etc but
the people on the right are in a little
bit more celebration mode you know that
when we watch the silliness on you know
the left it seems just a little more
cute and weird and
funny and it's actually you know if the
people on the right are almost
consistently laughing at the reactions
they see on the left right not all the
time but lots of times you're like oh my
god
you all know the the famous picture of
the at right after the election there
was the the woman I she may have had a
 hat on who was screaming at the
sky very famous beggar like Scooby get
this guy and the people on the right are
just laughing it's like oh my god that's
hilarious it became a meme and
everything so because you're on the
winning side in this situation the
people on the right were on the winning
side they can take things a little
lighter and they can just look at the
people who look like humans but they're
acting a little weird and it's just more
funny because that's the benefit of
winning if you're on the losing side you
see the other side is just monsters in
the uncanny valley way and that's that I
think that explains a lot of our what
you see as revulsion on top of hatred on
top of political political disagreement
it's sort of a we're in that we're on
the third level the third ring of
dislike all right that's all for now and
let's get a let's get an ambassador to
Singapore
don't you think talk to you later