[Music]
hey everybody my name it's time to talk
about all the fire and protesting and
looting and shooting well we hope
there's more looting than shooting do we
I don't know I guess that would be a
toss-up depending on your point of view
but as you pour in here to experience
the delight which is coffee with Scott
Adams you might ask yourself what do you
need to be prepared for this well all
you need is a cup or a mug or a glass of
tanker chelators tying to canteen jugger
flask a vessel of any kind filled with
your favorite liquid I like coffee
and joining me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
including the riots including the
pandemic which I kind of forgot about
it's called the simultaneous if it
happens now go yes I feel the crowds
dispersing huh
one sip is all it took well the weather
is good and the people have been locked
up at home too long and it's time for
some protest and yeah some protesting
we're all going to pretend it's all real
today in fact none of its real that's
all it's all the result of brainwashing
the brainwashing of course starts with
fake statistics about who is killing you
most people believe they're real
statistics but they're fake and then of
course the sides are chosen and the
media narratives come out and people are
assigned at their opinions and once
people have been assigned their opinions
they know which side they're on and then
they go fight and when they fight they
burned cars and they create good visual
effects and the people who brainwash
them in the first place
film the stuff that's on fire
and then make money from it by selling
ads to pharmaceutical companies I told
you they had started a new cartoon that
basically is gonna mock the CNN it's
called robots read news it's just a
robot who never moves he just reads the
news
so here's today's let me see let me ask
you do you think that the comic I'm
gonna read you don't really need to see
it because it's just a robot looking at
you do you think that this accurately
captures CNN so the robot reading news
says and today's news we frame a
military veteran and actively
participate in a coup against the
legally elected government then we'll
whip up some racial frenzy and make
money from pharmaceutical ads while we
film while we film you burning each
other's yet in other news protesters are
attacking our headquarters and we don't
know what we did to deserve it does that
kind of describe what we're seeing now
the weird thing is I told you that it's
hard to make a comic that's absurd
enough that it doesn't match real-life
everything I just read is actually right
from real life I didn't have to make up
anything they did literally frame a
military veteran they spent years doing
that they did participate in a coup
against the legally elected government
they really did that that actually
happened and then they're whipping up a
racial frenzy and they're making money
off it by selling pharmaceutical ads and
they are they are monetizing the filming
of citizens burning each other's
because they whipped us into a frenzy
and caused us to burn each other
and then their headquarters did get
attacked I didn't make up a single thing
everything in this comic actually
literally specifically happened I
couldn't get on the other side of parody
sometimes the parody Hill is too high
you're like I'm gonna find reality and
then I'm gonna take it a little bit
further because that's what makes it a
joke and then you can't what what do I
take further
then framing a military veteran while
participating in a coup against the
United States well what's the level
above that I don't know what satanic
satanic stuff barely I mean you could
say that's a little bit worse you could
add you could add Satan worship on top
of this but even if you added Satan
worship on top of the stuff they already
did it would only it would only change
the end result by such a small
percentage you wouldn't even notice I
mean once you've framed a military
veteran and tried to overtake thee or
overthrow the United States I don't know
that there's much left for parity so so
my view you know sort of the persuaders
view of what we're watching i've told
you that there are various filters on
things and we're all looking at today's
news through different filters some
segment of the population is saying damn
it there's too much too much bias and
discrimination and we need to protest
against it all right there are those who
know that they're behind all of this and
know that none of its real that's
another filter and then there are people
like me who only see it as it's
persuasion itself in other words I only
see the news in terms of who got
brainwashed to do what I don't see it in
terms of these these people are right
these people are wrong other people see
it in terms of power the it's a it's a
power struggle the details of who did
water said what are actually irrelevant
because nobody cares about who said
water did what it's all just being used
for power
now power of course there's another word
for persuasion because it doesn't have
to be physical power it could be
political power that's persuasion and
even even a war I would say his
persuasion because the point of killing
people is to get them to stop fighting
so I get the people are still alive to
stop fighting as well your comments are
funny so when I looked at the
and I see the protesters and I see the
anti-shah and black lives matter are
protesting together and they don't
really like each other I don't know if
you knew that but black lives matter
would like to have businesses and be
successful
so in fact check beyond this fact check
me too
let me know if this is true or false
black lives matter would like among
other things they have a number of
things that they would like like fixed
including police police actions but very
high on the list the black lives matter
would be just improving yeah the the
life the economic life especially you
know the judicial you know the the
justice system plus the economics of
black life in America they'd like that
to be better now of course some of them
may be funded by who knows what and some
of them may be more political but as a
group they want what's better for black
people in America is that what anti foul
wants is an tyfa marching for black
lives matter people to have better
economic outcomes I don't think so I
don't think so I think that they're
trying to destroy everything that is and
everything that is including includes a
lot of black owned businesses so we're
very close very close I think to black
lives matter just saying you know screw
it we're just gonna be Republican
because we can make that work if black
lives matter is just a thought
experiment
if tomorrow black lives matter said
we're going to change our strategy if we
pair if we if we team up with the
Republicans number one they will accept
us they would you just have to agree to
respect the Constitution respect the
rule of law and play with them the rules
and then conservatives respect you every
time it's very easy so if black lives
matter or just let's say the black
community in general it doesn't have to
be
black lives matter involved but let's
say the black community just said
alright screw it we're just gonna look
out for our own best interest we're
gonna pair up with the Republicans and
we have more in common with the
Republicans who are just trying to make
money and have a good lives because it
turns out that's what we want - yeah and
maybe maybe the black population doesn't
want open borders because if they have
open borders it makes the the Latino
Hispanic vote that much more powerful
and necessarily might work against their
interests because because they get
marginalized by an even larger minority
group that would just suck up all the
attention so it feels like the long-term
trajectory for black voters is the
Republican Party but they have to get
past a mental block and the mental block
is number one thinking that they
wouldn't be welcome right if you are
black and you had to open you know
watching the fake news for your whole
life would you think that you would be
welcome in the Republican Party like how
would you think you would be treated
well my guess is very very welcome and
that that's a strong guess meaning I'm
sure of it very very welcomed because
everybody who joins the Republican Party
who simply agrees to follow the rules
just follow the rules Constitution rule
of law you know be nice to your neighbor
that's it that's it that's the whole
that's the whole deal you do those
simple things and you will not only be
embraced by the Republican Party
you'll be absorbed you'll just be a
Republican so if if the brainwashing
holds then black people and empty fall
will continue marching together without
noticing they're on opposite sides which
is what's happening now anti-fire just
wants to burn everything down black
lives matter would like to build
something
to build something valuable for black
people you don't really get that if
everything's burning down so if black
people in this country want to make some
money
and get serious about helping their own
situation I mean just being selfish
yeah because our system is designed to
allow you to be selfish completely
publicly you know that's what capitalism
is that's what that's what democracy is
that you can be selfish in public I want
to vote for this because it lowers my
taxes I'm gonna you know I'm gonna
compete to this business because it's
good for my bank account you're allowed
to be selfish the system encourages it
so I would say to the black community in
the United States if you want to be
selfish and I recommend it because
everybody else is under this system
there's certainly a way you can do
better and I don't think it's doing what
you're doing because the Republicans do
have the secret they do have the secret
of how to make money and I've had a
better life it does seem that they have
figured that out and for the if
anybody's knew by the way I'm neither a
conservative nor a Republican I'm an
observer I would associate myself with
being left to Bernie socially in terms
of social issues but if I observe who
seems to be happier and I observe as a
third party just you know uninterested
party watching it really feels like
Republicans have figured out a system
that works pretty well here are the
rules if you follow the rules we love
you we love you you followed the rules
so did we
that's it end of the story it's a pretty
simple system and it works every time
I wonder if CNN will ever apologize for
framing Flynn because certainly they
could argue well we were just following
the news of where it went and you know
we were just reporting what other people
said that was the news that we do so I
suppose they could excuse it away
the net effect of it is they framed they
framed a patriot and not just a patriot
but a veteran and not just a veteran but
in general and not just a general but
somebody who had just been who've just
been appointed to a high position in the
government by the legally elected
president of the United States name one
thing that Trump has ever done that's
true that's the hard part it's true it
really happened and it's worse than what
CNN and and Schiff and company did
framing Flynn and trying to overthrow
the government of the United States if
you were to make a rank of all the bad
things that anybody's done on either
side all the worst things that Trump has
done the worst ones and then you compare
it to what the the anti-trump errs are
known to have done so now we know that
they framed Flynn now we know that they
were running a coup to overthrow the
government we know that now that's not
there's no longer in question and and I
ask you on a scale of one to ten where
would you put framing a veteran in the
United States where would that be on the
scale of one to ten that's a 10 now you
could maybe you say you know rape and
murder are the only tens and everything
else has to be less than that okay but
in terms of how it offends me not in
terms of the impact on the victim
necessarily but in terms of how it
offends my sensibilities framing a
veteran is a temper tab that's a tab if
you try to get on the other side of that
I don't know what that would be because
even you know murdered ladies a murderer
rape are arguably a lot worse for the
victim not arguably there are a lot
worse for the victim but they're now
they're not morally worse they're just
worse for the victim
morally they're 10 out of 10 just
pinning the dial to the worst
things you could ever do now now let's
tell let's do the exercise all right
that's what the anti-trump errs have
done framed a veteran knowingly lied
about it for a year
knowingly and then and then they and
then they tried to overthrow the
government to you through this this
thing alright now let's do the worst
thing that Trump ever did well today
there was that Twitter yesterday that
was tweet about looting and shooting
where's that on a scale of one to 10 a 1
a 1 maybe I have a scale of 1 to 10 all
right so that's the worst thing I can
think of now all right what's the other
worst thing the president Trump is done
and I don't think you can count a
mistake because you might say he made a
mistake doing this of that but I'm not
talking about mistakes let's talk about
things that people did intentionally
things they knew they were doing okay
so let's say he he's accusing Joe
Scarborough of murder and and there's no
evidence to suggest that there's any
murder or crime any crime much less any
murderer so how bad is that on a scale
of one to ten compared to a coup and
framing a veteran so where where is
where is tongue-in-cheek accusation
about Scarborough that literally nobody
believes well I take that back people
who already believe that you know may
want to keep believing it but they
already believed it people who had never
heard the rumor just sort of laughed it
off
anybody who's a little bit smart about
politics knows that the president was
saying it just for the effect not
because he thinks it's true so where is
that on a scale of one to ten to two
maybe would you give that to three
there's literally just words that nobody
believes saying words that nobody
believes because they know you're just
saying it for the effect a scale of one
to ten one two how about calling those
countries remember when the president
called those countries
countries where is that and the scale of
one to ten well first of all
he was talking about their economic
situation obviously in context that's
like a zero this is not even real news
it's more like fake news because
obviously he didn't mean it
racially I think smart people know that
that it was just about the countries
themselves not producing you know people
not necessarily producing people who'd
gone to good colleges and stuff and may
have potentially less economic value
that was the nature of the question his
infidelity somebody says yeah what about
the president's infidelity scale of one
to ten don't care about a zero because I
don't care that's not a nothing to do
with us how about the president
allegedly paying stormy Daniels a 1 a 0
these are all nothings literally what am
I missing something
can somebody list the worst thing that
Trump is done yeah somebody says golfing
yeah he golfed he golfed when there was
some business to do zero and I was like
he's not always available zero so the
fact that anybody thinks these things
are roughly even is amazing and now just
for fairness it looks like Leland Vitter
of Fox News was reporting on site at the
protests around the White House last
night and he was surrounded and
threatened by antiphon it looked like it
was all anti foie and not black lives
matter but I only saw clips so I can't
say that for sure but it looked like it
was all anti far who was yelling because
he's at Fox News Leland Vitter is and
they surrounded him and the police
wouldn't help apparently until until
later you know some riot police came and
did help so we see that the rioters
don't care who it is
whether it's CNN or Fox News so you can
see that the rioters about taking aside
they're not taking aside they just want
to destroy things
at least the empty font people not the
black lives matter people who are the
opposite and would like to build
something how many of you think George
Soros is behind the riots can I see that
in the comments how many of you think
that George Soros not only and here I'm
not talking about funding groups which
in turn fund any of the people who were
there so we know that black lives matter
for example receives funds from a group
that Soros is part of the funding of
that group he's not the whole funding
but I think he's part of it how many of
you think that George Soros is causing
is causing the all the trouble alright
so I don't know if if we'll see any
comments on that coming through here's
the thing I don't think is George Soros
it's just the news the news is the one
who who gets people to think of the
world the way it is the news is the
reason that people are hitting the
streets that plus good weather that plus
having been locked up for weeks is what
we is what working that plus yeah there
was a trigger of George Floyd being
killed on camera and that obviously was
the trigger let's talk about how
Facebook versus Twitter handled the
president's tweet in which he said what
saves that quote where where there's
looting looting where there's when the
looting starts the shooting starts that
was the quote now apparently that quote
has some history with I don't know
George Wallace and has some racial
history but I would barely be surprised
if the president was thinking of it that
way or even knew that had a racial past
he his claim when he clarified it which
I accepted under the 48-hour rule for
clarifications if you don't know the
rule the 48-hour rule for clarifications
goes this way if you say something in
public or even private and somebody
takes it away that causes trouble in
other words their interpretation of what
you said is they're outraged by it you
have 48 hours
to either apologize if it's what you
really said and what you really meant
and an apology is warranted or to
clarify to clarify that that's not what
you meant and I and my rule is that even
if you think the clarification is
you should always accept it because
otherwise you're just reading people's
minds people people should be able to be
the only source for their own opinion in
other words nobody should tell me what
my opinion is but I can tell you what my
opinion is I should not tell you what
your opinion is ever there under no
circumstances should I tell you what
your opinion is but you can tell me what
it is that's always fair so anyway let's
skip ahead to how Facebook and Twitter
took that tweet so the way Twitter
handled it well as they put a warning on
it and said that it glorified violence
now the phrase when the looting starts
the shooting starts is sort of a it's a
unfortunately playful phrase and if you
use an unfortunately playful phrase for
what might be a slaughter of civilians
twitter is saying I think you're
glorifying you're sort of acting like
you're a little happy about the shooting
that's going to start about the looting
now hold that interpretation and now
we're going to compare it to Facebook
all right so summarizing Twitter says
when the looting starts the shooting
starts is a little bit to perrault
shooting so that got a flag Facebook
according to Mark Zuckerberg they they
wrestled with the same issue and here's
where they came down about it they
decided to to leave it intact
and the reason they did was that in
Zuckerberg opinion I assume other
people's opinion as well at Facebook
that it was giving useful information to
the public and that useful information
is that if the
if the looting continues there were
literally be people getting a shot now
should the public know that the
President of the United States is
sending people that could shoot them
based on you know whether they're
looting or not do you think the public
has a right to know that the government
their own government has just announced
publicly they're given seven people to
shoot them yes yes yes yes the public
has a right to know if the government is
sending armed people to shoot them maybe
I mean depending on the situation so you
know we don't assume that the National
Guard was going to go down there and mow
people down and when the president
clarified his clarification was that you
know it could be the public taking
matters into their own hands and gave
some examples where it's already
happening because there was a looter who
got shot by a shop owner so use that
example now I don't know if the
president was only thinking about shop
owners taking matters into their own
hands I don't know if that's the only
thing he was thank you but I also don't
think it matters because his statement
was factually correct the statement was
that looting leads to shooting looting
has already led to shooting it's a fact
we don't have to say can it lead to
shooting it's a fact it already happened
there was a looter
he got shot because he was looting will
there be more people tonight who are
shot if they're alluding almost
certainly if there is mass looting
tonight you should expect people to get
shot I'm not saying I'm not glorifying
it I'm just saying you should expect it
so I would say if you were to compare
Facebook's approach that the public has
a right to know that their government is
sending people maybe to shoot them if
they're looting
you know and depending on the situation
right nobody nobody wants to shoot
anybody versus Twitter saying a
glorified violence
now of course Twitter I think Twitter
allowed you to see it but you had to
work a little bit more something like
that I don't know I don't know exactly
how they how they flagged it I would say
the Facebook had the the right answer on
this one so I'd say Facebook
I'd say Twitter had the suboptimal
response compared to Facebook which got
it right now here's the way I grade
things like this what I don't do is say
oh I'll give facebook an A because they
got it right and I'll give you know
Twitter less than a and effort something
cuz they didn't get it right that's not
how I'm grading this here's how I'm
grading it exactly like the pandemic
it's the same standard remember I told
you early on that I'm not gonna blame
any governor or any leader any mayor for
making a mistake because nobody knew the
right thing to do I was going to grade
people on whether they corrected their
mistake so and and that's the standard I
think we should always use when people
you can't really expect people to guess
the right decision when nobody knows the
right decisions so similarly as Facebook
and Twitter are trying to work their way
through this unfamiliar world of adding
a little bit of context or truth to
what's happening you know trying to see
if they can make the world a little
better and this in this one dimension
they don't know what's the right answer
they don't know the right answer
Facebook doesn't have the right answer
for every one of these situations I
think Zuckerberg got it right this time
in this very specific situation he got
one right in my opinion Twitter
Twitter's response was less good than
Facebook's but what just happened
Twitter got to see how Facebook
responded Facebook got to see how
Twitter responded
both Twitter and Facebook got to see how
the public responded and how the
government responded now we're all
smarter that's good that means the
system is working people are trying
stuff
and then they see what happens so
Facebook tried something and then River
tried something and they tried different
things one of them worked better than
the other one in my opinion does that
mean that the next time they both get in
a similar situation they're more likely
to be similarly you know A+ far more
likely far more likely that getting it
wrong leads to getting to right next
time so I'm not complaining about any of
this at this stage I think you should
expect both Facebook and Twitter and you
could throw Google in there for good
measure
I think they're gonna be making a bunch
of minor mistakes minor mistakes meaning
that on a scale of 1 to 10 it doesn't
really change life or doesn't make you
less happy it just doesn't have a big
impact on society in general these are
very small small little things that
we're blowing up because they represent
bigger things right but the real world
is not in any way bothered by what
either of them did with one tweet even
to the president's tweet well we're
bothered by is that my signal a trend so
people are trying to get it get ahead of
the trend and move at the direction they
wanted to move but I would say we're in
a very positive place in the sense that
we're trying things and we're learning
and improving if you can try something
to learn and improve your the best
possible world and I think that's where
Facebook and indeed the Silicon Valley
has that as sort of the DNA you know the
DNA of the tech industry is try it try
it measure it test it you know adjust so
that's what they're doing it's all good
let's see sharp it's it's a very strange
time in terms of the news because I've
talked this far without mentioning the
pandemic except for how it locked people
up for weeks the pandemic is still going
on right did we just forget the pandemic
somebody says famous Facebook has you
fooled watch and see
I'm gonna gonna block you from that
because when you say has me fooled you
are reading my mind
remember you can tell me your opinion
but what that the person I blocked just
did is told me my opinion they told me
what was happening inside my mind which
was that I was fooled how do you know
how do you know what's in my mind how do
you know what I'm fooled by you don't
again tell me your opinion
don't tell me my opinion only I can tell
you my opinion there's no exception to
that
somebody says scottson Karen mote that
Karen thing is funny every time I don't
know I suppose a little get old but it's
still funny every time
so anyway Trump is going hard at China
that would be the biggest story in the
world except for all these other stories
and some of the things he's looking at
are I didn't realize this though until
recently there are 350 thousand Chinese
students in the United States and I'm
talking about students who live in China
and are just studying here in other
words the residents of China does that
cool with you are you cool with 350,000
Chinese students when we know the
government of China is using some
portion of them obviously not all of
them as spies I think we ought to we
ought to shut that down right away so I
see I don't see any I don't see any
excuse for letting China who is
essentially proven to be an enemy of the
United States to be educating their
elites because it's not the poor people
who are coming here for an education
it's the children of the elites who come
here to get a name-brand education we
should stop that right away there's no
excuse for educating the elites of your
enemy China's an enemy if I were in the
government I would not use that word
but since I'm not in the government I'm
just a citizen observing China is
killing 50,000 Americans with fentanyl
they did the Wuhan flu you know that
they they should have done a better job
warning us about that you know they're
stealing our stuff there they apparently
they're not they're not even attempting
to live up to the trade deal they just
signed they're taking over Hong Kong I
mean they're I got this far saying all
the bad things that China's doing and I
didn't even mention yet organ harvesting
of political prisoners I mean you only
need one of these to make that beer
enemy and of course of the concentration
camps of the we Gers I mean really we
can't be friends with this country still
like the people Chinese people great
people but the government of China I
heard that there's an entity in China
called the National People's Congress is
that true National People's Congress and
they're little or literally MPC's
National People's Congress I thought
what are the odds that that's a
coincidence anyway
so apparently Trump is going to make
quote a series of announcements on China
in the coming days and among them might
be restricting Chinese graduate students
and here say here's a question for you
this is a very provocative question and
I shouldn't ask this question out loud
but I'm gonna do it anyway alright so
knowing you knowing either dad so much
trouble this question is going to cause
I'm gonna ask it anyway because I think
you can handle it
alright why is it that you have to be
born in the United States to run for
president why is that isn't that racist
what why is it that you could be
governor or you could be anything he
could be a plumber lawyer doctor
as long as your says well if you have a
legal right to work here whatever that
looks like you can have any job except
president why is it why is it you can't
be present that's the only thing that's
clearly racist isn't it because the
whole point of you can't be president is
that we think you would have loyalty to
your home country even if you'd live
here all of your life take something
like Arnold Schwarzenegger do you think
there's any any chance that Arnold
Schwarzenegger is more loyal to Austria
where he was born versus the United
States that made him Arnold
Schwarzenegger I don't think there's a
question Arnold Schwarzenegger clearly
there's an American in every way that
matters
just this technical thing he was born in
another country so he can't run for
president now isn't that racist I mean
in in the case of Arnold maybe not but
it also restricts everybody else who was
born in another country was Elon omar
was born in another country right ken de
la Omar ever run for president in this
country no right as she she was born in
another country I think I'm right about
that so why is that fair isn't that
racist feels a little racist doesn't it
all right well so this first part was
just a setup
I just priests waited you a little bit
so I wanted you to think about that but
that's not even the topic I haven't
introduced the topic yet I just wanted
to yet I just wanted you to wrestle what
are you to wrestle with that thought a
little bit now we'll talk about the
topic the reason that anybody thinks
it's okay that you have to be born in
this country to run for president and I
think there's fairly widespread
agreement part of it is that it's just
historically there and you know the
things that are already there you don't
question as much you're just used to it
so some of it set but the other part of
is that the presidency is unique there's
nothing like the presidency would you
agree that if I said hey if you could be
a plum
or governor why can't you be present and
the answer is there's no job like
president being a plumber is not similar
to being president and even being a
governor is not similar to being
president because the governor doesn't
have any international responsibilities
it's the international stuff that you
worry about when you've got a president
who me maybe you think maybe possibly
has a little bit of loyalty back to the
country they were born in this racist is
racist to make that assumption right but
still it's it's the only time that we
allow that little bit of racism to to
eek into our you know national system
because we think the stakes are so high
the stakes of having a president who was
not 100% loyal to this country the
stakes are so high he just wouldn't take
a point oh one chance of that being
wrong right but if you get somebody who
was born in this country and raised in
this country one of the odds I mean
really what are the odds someone born in
this country has any other country as
their primary loyalty pretty low so it's
a it's a rule that applies in this
special case but I'm wondering if there
isn't a new special case are you ready
here's the topic everything else was
just to get you ready so so far I'm just
absenting up the room here's the real
point - you ready why do we let people
who were born in other countries work as
social media businesses in this country
now the first thing you should say to
yourself is oh damn that's racist
that's super racist right it's super
racist sounding well let's talk about it
if in the end you decide that's just too
racist I would say that's a reasonable
opinion I wouldn't argue with that
if you say now Scott you've gone too far
that's just racist I would say that's a
fairly that's a responsible opinion and
I will accept that
and so therefore we shouldn't do it but
I ask you this question if the
presidency requires you to be born in
this country because the stakes are so
high how do you feel about somebody who
was born in China and is in charge of
the social media algorithm is that what
sizes the risk is that bigger than the
risk of saying of say being a plumber
who was born in China yeah yeah that's a
bigger risk is it a bigger risk than
being say a mayor or a governor well a
mayor or a governor they don't have any
international dealings it wouldn't
matter if they did have a little bit of
loyalty back to the place they were born
because it wouldn't really express
itself it just wouldn't be an issue but
if you had a little bit of loyalty to
Communist China or just say China or
just any other country if you had a
little bit of loyalty to them is it safe
to put somebody who might might almost
certainly doesn't I would say the vast
majority of people who are born in other
countries and are working in tech and
tech businesses the vast majority of
them are just doing their job well he
has nothing to do with anything they
just go to work do the job that's the
end of the story and and those people of
course should be able to do what they
whatever they do but there are certain
jobs within social media which could
make a difference in terms of what the
public sees and what they don't see if
you're in charge of what the public sees
and doesn't see should we make the
standard for that as high as the
presidency because the presidency has
its own standard you know there you have
to be born in this country yes is there
one extra exception if you're managing
what the people in this country see and
know and think you're actually managing
the minds of the American public is that
another exception is that an exception
that's so glaring that you'd have to at
least consider
that that's some similarity to the risk
involved of having a president who even
has any chance just a even slightly
slightly chance of having a little bit
of loyalty to some other country even a
little bit somebody says you've pissed
me off Scott I'm going to breakfast
instead of listening to this well I've
done my job so here's the point it's a
provocative thought I'm not going to
recommend that anything be changed or
that the law be changed but I think you
have to you have to ask yourself why
there's a difference between the
presidency which feels a little racist
that you can't be born in another
country I mean if you came here as a
baby I'm literally a baby you don't even
have a single memory of the other
country and you can't run for president
in this country raised as a complete
American and you can't run for president
well that's racist
so if we allow that and by the way maybe
we shouldn't I think that should be at
least on the table we should at least
look at see if there's any other
situations that are similarly risky so
maybe you get rid of both of them and
that would be consistent or you say
they're similar alright somebody says
this is a dangerous line of thinking if
bias is allowed to determine the answer
well I don't think bias is what would be
part of this it would be a risk
management decision and it would be it
would be overtly racist exactly the way
limiting who runs for president is
overtly racist
there's nobody disagrees with that right
not allowing somebody to to have a
specific job because of where they were
born if they're legal citizens of the
United States there's no way to say
anything about that except that it's
racist it has a reason the reason is
safety of the country but that doesn't
make it not racist
somebody says it's not racist well it's
not racist in intention so I'd agree
with you that it's not racist in
intention and it's not racist if you
want to say that countries are not
racist not racist so for example you
could say well if you're born in Canada
you also can't run for president and
that's not really racism because it's
Canada to which I would say now the way
we use racism in the popular vernacular
is anybody who's different in a cultural
social way and Canada is so amend the
Constitution if you want to change it
yeah that would be the only way you
could change that is to amend the
Constitution that is correct
private versus public roles oh well
that's a good point so the social media
companies are private businesses the
government is a public business and
that's that's a distinction which we
should at least put into the mix but
where I'm going with this is that the
social media companies have not not by
intentioned but they've evolved to the
point where they're part of the
government so although they are not
written into the Constitution these
social media companies are actually you
know they have the levers of democracy
at this point so given that they act
like governments in terms of their
effect on the on our thoughts and our
minds I maybe this should be treated
like it somebody says I'm sorry I don't
care how it's racist well I'm using the
word racist in the way the left uses it
which is anybody who's from another
country and they've got anything that's
different about them it doesn't have to
be race so I'm using racist without race
being part of it racist just being a
different country that you came from you
can call it xenophobic or anything you
want but you know what I'm talking about
all right do we allow top military to be
non-citizens or in top defense jobs
where they've had access I don't know
the answer that I think the answer is
yes
you can be a general in the in the US
military no matter where you were born
is that correct I believe that's correct
so you might ask the same question about
that all right that's all I got for
today the virtue of signal should be
class four felony and I'll talk to you
later