[Music]
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I'm
back did you miss me if you'd like to
take your experience up to levels well
then nobody can understand with their
tiny shiny human brains all you need is
peer mug glass a tanker chelen Stein a
guting suar flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dop means end of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and happens now
go well if you were wondering what
happened to the show
yesterday um I had a bout of uh food
poisoning I'm pretty sure it was food
poisoning um just before the show was
about to
begin and I don't want to tell you how
bad it was but I did lose four pounds in
six
hours let's just say it was uh it's the
sickest I've been in 25 years and I was
pretty much in bad shape for a long long
time so I'm only about uh 20% uh well
maybe 80% of my normal intelligence this
morning one of the things you don't
realize is that when you get sick it
hits you
cognitively my brain is actually
substantially slower than it was
yesterday so I'll do my best but I
decided I woke up this morning I wasn't
100% and I thought to myself you know
what if president
Trump can take a bullet to the year and
jump up and go right back to work I can
have six hours of the worst time of my
life and jump up and do a fight fight
fight and I wasn't planning to do this
but in honor of Hulk Hogan who ripped
his shirt off at the
RNC okay that's a lot harder than it
looks it's a lot harder than it
looks all right well the big story today
besides the we'll talk about that is a
gigantic computer
outage and let's see if this gives you
any
Paws let's see company called crowd
strike H where if I heard that name
before crowd strike well for those users
who have Windows and they also have
crowd strike apparently it took down
their systems in a really bad way so I
don't know exactly what the problem is
but uh we're flights are grounded and
911 is broken and people can't get
Hospital reservations and Society
basically ground to a
halt um but as I was reminded uh
Microsoft is a key player in securing
the
elections so here's my question to you
so crowd strike is a cyber security
software you a big Enterprise would put
it on their computers so that the entire
Enterprise would be free from cyber
attacks of various kinds now if you've
heard of that name crowd strike and
you're saying to yourself where have I
heard of that before they're the ones
who investigated the DNC hack and
decided that it was a Russian
operation which if you like me you said
I don't believe
that first of all I don't believe that
they could tell where it came from you
know if these are like state level
hackers and that they would leave a
trail they that crowd strike could just
figure out where that came from
okay I never believed I never believed
that they had the right identification
because everything was Russia Russia
Russia it's like oh there's a hack who
are you gonna blame how about Russia so
it was a little bit too on the
nose now I don't know if it was fake
news I don't know that it's just that it
had that odor to it so then when you see
that um there's this big problem with
cyber security with crowd strike and the
question you ask yourself is wait a
minute what if crowd strike was on the
same computer networks that were doing
elections and let me ask you this if you
were going
to let's say insert some malicious code
into a system what would be the best way
to do that I would think it would be
embedded in the cyber security because
cyber security would catch anybody else
doing something bad the only thing it
wouldn't catch is if it were the bad
actor itself now you may remember uh I
don't know much about this story but
there was a russian-made cyber security
program that was recently banned on all
government computers kerski kerski I may
be saying it wrong now why would we ban
a Russian cyber security
software well the only reason I can
think
of yeah uh kasperski right uh the only
reason I can think of is that we didn't
trust
it right because a security software is
got to be the biggest security problem
I'll give you an analogy when I used to
work at Pacific Bell we'd have a lot of
problem with theft so people would be
losing their stuff all over the place
people were stealing from
cubicles and I got to talk to the head
of security one day about it and I said
you can you determine where this is and
why don't you have enough security you I
feel like security should Sease people
carrying out
computers and he said security is who's
doing all the
stealing they had determined that most
of the theft was the security guards
themselves either working with people or
doing it themselves so the very best way
to
steal is if you're the one who's
supposed to be stopping the stealing
it's the best place to hide now I want
to be very very careful I don't want to
malign crowd strike there is no evidence
whatsoever that they did anything
illegal or improper let me say that as
clearly as possible there's no evidence
whatsoever but we are in a zero trust
environment and when something looks
like a duck and smells like a duck and
Walks Like A
Duck it just raises some duck-like
suspicions so if you think that our uh
our election systems are secure
let me just tell you that I'll bet the
911 people thought their system was
Secure what do you think do you think
the people who designed 911 system said
to themselves you know what we're not
going to get the best security we'll
we'll just get sort of Grade B security
because I mean what what difference does
it make if you can't call 911 sometimes
no I would imagine without being close
to it that the 911 systems
are by their nature
very secure do you think the 911 systems
would be more secure than
elections what do you think I feel like
those would both be 10 and a 10 in terms
of your attempt to make them secure now
obviously every company tries to be 100%
secure but you know some are going to be
even more secure than that so if you've
got a problem like that with your your
Windows system I'd be worried about
anything with a Windows system but I
don't want to blame windows and I don't
want to blame crowd strike I'm going to
make a general comment the thing you
should trust the least is the thing
that's protecting you from the other
stuff it's just a good General thing to
hold in your
mind there was a story about djt stock
that's the true social stuff uh and
allegedly before the uh assassination
attempt there was a big short
which means you would make money if it
went down and it was a gigantic bet
allegedly but the company that's um
responsible for that said no that was
just a uh mistaken
reporting so they say that there was no
gigantic unusual bet it just looked like
it and then they corrected
it or or since we're in a zero trust
environment it was exactly would it
looked like and they covered for it now
I'm not accusing them I'm just saying
that in a zero trust
environment I don't know what to believe
but I will tell you that the official
story is that that's
debunked and I I lean toward that being
true because it feels like that'd be
hard to cover
up we'll
see anyway um if you watch the uh Amazon
video show the boys apparently their
season finale had some kind of a
politician being assassinated and so
they had to add a
statement that it um that basically they
changed the name of the the title of the
show that had assassination in it and
any similarities between the season
finale in the shooting during the
Trump's rally purely
coincidental purely coincidental you
say here's what I
say if you were part of some shady deep
space thing deep
space deep State I told you my brain's
only 80% today lower your expectations
I'm not really working too well
today
um if you were going to do some kind of
MK Ultra brain you know Mass brain
control thing on the country to increase
the chance that Trump got assassinated
you would do fiction that showed him
getting assassinated remember there was
a play uh there was at one point there
was a live play that showed Trump
getting assassinated and then apparently
this would not be Trump per se but it
was a you know another thing to put in
your head so if I were trying to get a
major politician assassinated and I were
a dirty trickster I would make sure some
popular TV shows featured that plot
because all you have to do is make
people think about it you know if you
got a million crazy people in the
country and of you know 350 million or
whatever uh if you send the message you
know this bad thing would be a good idea
to a million people you can get somebody
who says you know that's there's an idea
I hadn't thought about that but I'm
getting primed yeah it's a priming thing
again I'm not going to uh I don't I'm
not accusing anybody of doing that I'm
just saying that's what it would look
like it would look exactly like that
you'd see fiction that somehow weirdly
coincidentally had that theme in it but
it could also happen just because it's a
story and politicians getting
assassinated is not the it's not really
the strangest thing for a
fiction so again these are not uh
accusations they're just trying to
navigate a world with zero
trust well let's talk about the RNC
convention and Trump's speech uh first
of all Tucker Carlson has the strangest
Journey doesn't
he I loved watching Tucker go from
cancelled to you know reconstituting his
business to be even better than ever and
the next thing you know he's sitting
next to Trump uh and giving a speech at
the RNC he's giving the speech
apparently during his old time slot on
Fox and they had to cover
it that's the ultimate they had to cover
it anyway so he's sitting up there with
Trump and allegedly Tucker has some kind
of a deal with Trump where they're doing
a documentary behind the scenes so they
they've got a videographer is falling
following Trump around now that's going
to be interesting I can't wait to see
that all right let's talk about Trump's
acceptance
speech uh most of you probably saw
it um I was in my deathbed trying to
stay awake long enough to catch most of
it but I caught up on it in the clips
and the reactions today but
um the the big story is the
energy and the feeling so even the MSNBC
people and the CNN people were saying
there's something different the you know
especially van Jones was pointing out
that the that we haven't seen that kind
of positive energy in a convention for a
long time you know maybe Obama was the
last time but it was just crazy
energy and you can kind of see why that
because look at all the things that came
together first of all everybody loves a
comeback story right when Trump lost the
last election it looked like he not only
lost but he was going to go to jail it
looked like that's the biggest losing
you could do you lose the election and
you might even go to jail at the moment
it's not looking like he's going to go
to jail and he's ahe in the polls but
here's here's my take on that Trump's
comeback story is also your comeback
story isn't it because if you were a
trump supporter when he went down and
then he was just buried with legal
challenges didn't that feel
personal it felt personal to me because
if because if you're backing somebody
and you know you identify with them as
your team and then you see them taken
out just
savagely th so if you thought this was
sort of Trump's
comeback I would argue it wasn't just
his
comeback he he's the thing that
identifies the comeback but it was
everybody's comeback possibly the
country in many ways it feels like the
country coming back and boy do we love a
comeback story don't we I mean it's
perfect Cinema quality the lowest you
can
go and here he is here he is so not only
is it a comeback story but he survived
an assassination
attempt by what looked like Divine in
divine
intervention now before you get on me
about my own beliefs I'm just saying
what it look like right the the reality
is way less important but to many people
including me it was just so
suspiciously Divine looking that it's
hard to get that out your head so
basically you got you got a comeback
Story You've Got survival of an
assassination you've got the fist
pumping in the American
flag and possibly divine
intervention how in the world could that
be better I mean that's the most energy
you can put into one situation and on
top of that it's the greatest showman of
all time I think you'd agree with that
right Trump is the greatest showman of
all
time so if you give that many tools to
the greatest showman of all time what's
he going to do with it well he's doing
what he what he does he he's just riding
us you know riding this Beast to Victory
it looks like now so even the uh
Democrats are talking about the
enthusiasm Gap uh I saw a funny quote
from uh so I guess Jake Tapo was asking
his cohorts there uh what theme are we
seeing at the convention tonight and
Chris Wallace said is that a trick
question t
testosterone and and he was it was the
most
testosterone uh driven thing ever now
did we learn
anything let's see if the Democrats
learned
everything so leading with testosterone
which would include Hulk Hogan Dana
White Trump himself uh and the entire
situation of surviving the assassination
that's probably one of the most
male most male things that you could
ever do and I think and and even there
was some criticism from I guess Joy Reed
or somebody uh no one of the one of the
other MSNBC people was saying that even
JD Vance's uh moving statement about
wanting to be buried with his relatives
because you know this is his land he
wants to be buried where they are many
generations uh one of the hosts said
well that's a white supremacist kind of
a thing now you're going to say to
yourself wait a minute
hold on what why does wanting to be
buried with your
family qualify as white supremacy well
they were working really hard at this
one it goes like this he's also
married so why does his male burial plot
take more precedence than his wife what
about her wife's history which is but by
the way not a terrible point I
mean but it also is consistent with a
let say uh a male frame on things let's
put it that way not not for good or for
bad it's just different and it's more
classic it it suggests a different time
and it suggests a different way of
organizing personally as as well as
every other way
so I think what happened
was besides all the things that just
give us so much energy is that the idea
to make it more testosterone
filled was a good one because I think
that's how people felt right when the
when the fist went
up you you felt like fighting he didn't
yell you know be calm heeld fight that's
very male all right if a female
politician gets nicked in an
assassination attempt is very unlikely
she's going to jump up put a fist in the
air and yell fight
right it was just a
quintessential the most male thing that
ever happened in your life you've never
seen anything more male than
that um he was
angry I I think that's what I like the
best is that he got shot and he jumped
up
angry that's what I wanted to
say that's what I wanted to
say but he managed to channel that anger
into a Unity pitch but first I have to
tell you uh uh Molly Hing Way's joke
when Jake Tapper said what theme are we
seeing at the convention tonight and
Chris Wall said is that a trick question
it's testosterone Molly Hemingway
equipped uh I could see why that would
be confusing for both of
you that was pretty
funny all right
so
um the the speech itself was long I
guess is one of the longest
speeches
um but if there was ever a time when you
wanted a long speech it was this because
it didn't matter what he was saying did
it that as long as Trump was talking you
felt connected to all the people in the
in the room and all the other people
across the country and so there's never
been a better reason for a long
acceptance speech you just wanted to
Revel in it you wanted to feel it didn't
matter what he said you just wanted to
see him healthy you wanted to see him in
charge and you wanted to see the
reaction you wanted to see the energy
that's what you wanted and he got it he
he delivered now here's the least
important fact about it Daniel Dale the
fact checker for CNN said Trump had 22
lies so he mentioned a
few and here's one he says that Trump
claimed that the Democrats cheated in
the 2020 election and that's not
true which is a lie that's a lie from
Daniel Dale here here's what would have
been true Trump claimed that there was
cheating in 2020 but it hasn't been
proven that would be true but if you're
a fact Checker and you say it's proven
that the election was fair you're not
much of a fact Checker cuz that can't be
proven you can only prove you didn't
find anything and it doesn't matter
whether the election was was legitimate
or not legitimate if you're the fact
Checker and you don't know that our
elections are not fully auditable and
you don't know that there's probably a
hundred ways you could mess with them if
you didn't know that you don't you don't
belong to be a fact jaer that's probably
the most basic fact uh and he probably
thinks that January 6 was an
Insurrection so I got real problems with
the fact checker the fact Checker failed
on the very first fact what else did he
say he said that that Trump said that
crime went up under
Biden isn't that and then he says that's
not true crime went down to which I say
first of all that probably gets a little
bit of the pandemic effect in there
which they like to forget and secondly
isn't that because they stopped counting
crime and made everything legal you're
the fact Checker you better say
that something Chang changed in the way
you're measuring now I famously said
that all data is fake this is a good
example so CNN gets on there and gives
fact checking all the fact checking
looked fake to me fake in the sense that
the context was left out if he had said
someone up some went down I'd say oh
yeah maybe if he said uh they changed
the way you know you can't really
compare because a lot of things became
legal that used to be illegal like
stealing up to 9
50
so that was a fake fact check in my
opinion um they fact checked him when he
said that there were no Wars when he was
a president and Daniel Dale says my God
no there were 51 Wars all over the
country when Trump was President well
Daniel Dale let me explain Trump talk no
Wars means America was not in a war and
not likely to get into one that's what
no Wars means
if you thought he meant that no other
little country in Africa was at war with
his neighbor no he didn't mean that he
meant those were not relevant to us
because I can't name 51 Wars can you uh
go ahead name the 51 Wars they're not
important to us so the fact that he
can't discern what is just sort of
normal political talk there were no Wars
he really meant the United States and
there wasn't anything that likely we
going to go
into all
right so once again U Daniel Dale can't
tell the difference between a salesman's
exaggeration and a fact um there were a
bunch of things that I think were just
failing the fact check but they're all
directionally true they were all
directionally true in the usual way they
were all you know they were all the
things you'd want him to do better on no
matter how bad it was or no matter how
Biden had done compared to him there
were all the things you want him to work
on I'd like to be better on crime better
on immigration so any of those facts
that they say he got wrong totally
irrelevant and by the way I've never
seen facts matter less than at this
convention matter Less in the sense that
it was about energy it was
about energy really it was just energy
and I've told you that Trump is an
energy monster he can take whatever
energy you send him flip it around and
use it and recent events have given him
so much energy and he productively
employed it just like you just like you
thought he
would well on his Unity pitch of course
Democrats will say it was a dark dark
thing I'm sure today they'll be saying
that but here are some of the things he
said I am running to be president of all
Americans not half of America good start
uh he also said together we will launch
a new era of safety prosperity and
freedom for citizens of every race
religion color and greed the Discord and
Division in our society must be healed
As Americans we are bound together by a
single fate and a shared Destiny We rise
together we fall
apart not bad now those are just words
just words but those are the words you
want that's what you want to hear do you
know what the biggest Story the
convention speech was Trump's speech the
biggest story is what he didn't
say the biggest story is what he didn't
say he didn't give them red meat he
didn't say that the people coming across
the border all bad he didn't
say a lot of things he could have said I
don't even think he mentioned Biden did
he yeah Peter novaro did which I think
it was a mistake
actually uh yeah you don't want to give
the other side red meat and I think
I think Trump succeeded in give them
nothing giving them nothing but fact
checks that nobody cares about so if
they're focusing on the fact
Jacks Trump
wins and by the way when Biden talks
literally everything he says are lies
but they're the big ones if Trump tells
you there were no wars in the world but
there were 51 little Wars you don't care
about is that a big deal no if he tells
you something about crime stats but you
think they should have been more clear
is that a big problem no no you just you
all you hear is he wants to work on
crime more good we like that too um but
when you hear Biden Biden was doing the
fine people hoax the Nazi stuff the
dictator stuff that's the that gets
you killed that that that gets the
opponent killed and it almost
happened all right so no contest and the
fact that Daniel Dale doesn't make a
distinction between little technical
salesperson lies and exaggerations and
something that will get you
killed that is deeply dishonest let me
say that directly Daniel Dale it is
deeply dishonest for you to count the
fact Jacks as if the number of them is
the important part it is the quality of
them that matters if one of them can get
you killed but one of them might be a
misleading statistic about crime but
everybody wants to work on it to improve
it
those are not the same those are not the
same very very
different all right so I thought uh
Trump was uh calm and you know somebody
pointed out he could have gone the other
way he could have said they tried to
kill me so double down we must you know
beat all the bad people up he didn't do
that he read the room correctly and
uh and here's the result
according to Jason you know Jason from
the all-in Pod uh he said Trump is
flipping every moderate I know and many
lifelong Democrats by speaking to all
Americans the way that the Democrats
have forgotten how to interesting the
Democrats have forgotten how to that's
exactly what happened the Democrats have
made it about identity and that's
specifically
anti- I won't say anti-am it's the
opposite of America
yeah identity focusing identity is the
opposite of the concept that made
America what it is and uh he's a
Democrat by the way and he's noticing
that um and he says there are a lot of
lessons here for Democrats from having a
positive message to building a big
non-judgmental tent and listening to
your constituents as opposed to
lecturing them wow now that's coming
from a
Democrat so a Democrat is saying you're
not you're not building a big tent and
you're not listening and you're
lecturing to them that's what it feels
like that I think he captured it
perfectly
actually all right here's the most
embarrassing thing for the Biden Harris
campaign they fact checked Trump by
saying that he confused AI with electric
cars oh what a big old dope right who
could confuse Ai and electric cars
because because Trump said the AI would
uh you know double the need for
electricity in the country and of course
the Biden Harris campaign are like he
thinks AI is going to double our
electricity no he means electric cars
and he's wrong so they fact jacked him
and said he's confused electric cars
with
AI
except he wasn't wrong AI is the one
that will be the biggest drain on
electricity according to all the experts
like way more than electric cars and Not
only was he right they fact checked them
and
proved they don't understand
AI what's the most important thing you
need to know about AI other than it
might be could turn into a super weapon
and change everything the most important
thing you need to be in charge of policy
around AI is to know that it will double
our electricity need if you don't know
that you can't be
president period AI is going to be
probably the biggest thing that happens
in your lifetime and they don't know
that that's going to double the
electricity need and that we don't have
that electricity and whoever does have
that electricity will be the the ruling
country
forever
right that that is a level of
incompetence that is
stunning how many of you knew that AI
would double the electricity use or at
least you know vastly increase it most
of you knew that right right like just
regular people know that how how do you
propose that you're going to be in
charge of the country and you don't know
that yet you don't know that yet really
that's this is the most embarrassing
fact check of all politics because not
only is the fact check wrong but it
reveals that they don't have a basic
understanding of the most important
thing that's coming toward us the most
important thing and most of you knew it
wasn't even hard to know we all knew
it could have asked
Scott all
right how bad is it for Biden
well after watching the most successful
Convention of all time from his opponent
Biden hears that according to unusual
whales on X a federal appeals court has
issued an order temporarily halting the
uh student loan repayment scheme that uh
that Biden had now that doesn't mean
it's cancelled but it's temporary halted
for whatever reason I don't know so
that's bad new news for
Biden here's some more bad news there
was a story that uh Biden was trying to
uh
um talk to his
supporters and he was trying to make
them feel more comfortable with him
continuing to run and while he was
talking to them a staffer slipped him a
note that said you are sounding
defensive and brain dead Biden
instead of changing how he was talking
and talking less defensive he reads the
note out loud you are sounding
defensive
so not a good week not a good week is
what I'm saying
yeah anyway there was a uh a rumor I
think Mark helin was behind it that
Biden's going to Ste down this weekend
he's definitely totally stepping down
but as of today I think I I think I saw
something just before I came on that the
Biden campaign is still saying he's not
so David saaks was
hypothesizing that uh you said
uh evidently the widely cited including
by David saxs himself report was a uh
strategic leak designed to build
momentum against President Biden who
doesn't want to go
what what else can one call this but a
coup so it could be that everybody's
saying he's leaving although he has not
said he's leaving in other words if
everybody simply acts like he's leaving
all of the the funding will dry up and
then he has to leave so it could be that
they're front running the the truth to
turn to turn it into the truth in other
words it it might be just fate comple if
they just keep saying it because nobody
will act like he's still running for
president and then it doesn't work
because he's got to have other people
think he's running for president I mean
if the entire Democratic party said
you're not running for
president and then he went out and tried
to run for president he almost couldn't
do it it would be basically
impossible now of course everybody's
having fun with this on the
right saying that um you know Biden won
fair and square according to the rule R
of the game and if he's removed by the
party Elites even if they do some little
fake fast primary thing with five people
or whatever uh however they do it it's
going to be cancelling
democracy now I don't quite buy that
it's just a fun thing to say politically
you know there are some beliefs that are
more recreational so I'm going to say
it's a recreational belief that the
Democrats are cancelling democracy by
you know having their power Brokers
install a new candidate
because the candidate they're running is
brain dead if it were any other
situation I'd say oh you know you're
clearly it's a coup but if you have
somebody who obviously can't do
it you know I wouldn't even I don't even
think I mind if they replace them it's
just fun to say that they're cancelling
democracy because they are they just
have a good reason pretty good reason in
that case but it is canceling democracy
technically
all right so let me summarize the state
of the race so you've heard all the
elements right you've heard bad week for
Biden good week for Trump let me
summarize that so Trump uh this week is
elevated from an ex-president to a
legend probably with the help of divine
intervention now that's pretty good week
pretty good week uh let's see how how
Biden is doing uh dementia riddled Biden
is being attacked by two-thirds of his
own supporters who are begging him to
leave the race so they can replace him
with a drunken cackler who is widely
considered one of the worst politicians
in
history oh that's not as good that's not
nearly as good is
it yeah a legend with divine
intervention first Dementia riddled may
be replaced with a drunken cackler yeah
those
are I mean it's kind of
subjective but it feels to me like
there's a big difference there I don't
know I just feel that
way well let's talk about uh the alleged
not alleged but the shooter young man
named Crooks apparently now he had a
couple of cell phones and one burner
phone or two or three and they had what
they call three encrypted overseas
accounts what is an encrypted overseas
account I do not know do you an
encrypted overseas account account would
that be like a
WhatsApp is he using telegram or signal
is it an encrypted app that just happens
to have some servers overseas or what
exactly is that I don't even know what
that is so but anyway there's the
suggestion that there's some overseas
connection now shall we speculate
whether it was gross incompetence or or
an inside job possibly a plot by the CIA
to kill him or maybe some other country
let us look at what we know now and
we'll um here's the spirit in which I do
this you should know in advance that I
don't know the answer that's the
important part if if you understand that
I don't know the answer then you're not
going to get mad at me for pushing a
point of view that you think is wrong
can we do that because you're going to
go you're going to go crazy if I if I
give any light to the to the theory that
you think is wrong I'm just going to
tell you both of them and then I'm going
to tell you how to look at it right what
you do with it is up to you and I I have
to say I'm undecided I'm I'm completely
on the fense on this but let's take the
Mike cernovich view he says uh the
regime's plan was to use mkra I'll talk
about that in a minute it's a mind
control thing that the CIA was involved
with years ago uh the regime's plan was
to use MK Ultra mind control um and uh
on the subject and then lack security to
have Trump assassinated uh knowing that
there would be widespread retaliation
chaos sits in then you um then you put
restrictions on the country because
there's chaos and then you can kind of
take control so that the real play was
to get uh Republicans take Trump out get
Republicans all fired up and violent and
then they could be cracked down on and
you know taken out forever so that is
one view now what is the what is the
evidence for that all right so here are
some things that would be consistent
with that view but remember I'm not
saying what is true I'm just saying
there's going to be facts that are
consistent with a few different
hypotheses so here are the things
consistent with the fact that it was a
larger attempt the person who was a
shooter was a smart enough but troubled
youth which is exactly the kind of
person that you could
flip um so and probably somebody who
didn't feel
important if you if you were trying to
hypnotize
somebody um you'd want to find somebody
who is naturally leaning in that
direction in other words you could not
hypnotize Tucker
Carlson to murder Trump because they're
friends right you can't do that but you
could find somebody who doesn't have an
attachment to anybody including his own
friends and maybe even his parents to
some extent so if you find somebody
who's just sort of floating out there
alone that's somebody you could maybe
flip but how do you talk somebody into a
a suicide mission how in the world do
you talk some some somebody into that
now the rumor is that he didn't like
Biden maybe and he didn't like Trump so
he look he has a search result looking
for both I don't think you can believe
that that's something told told to you
by our government and our government is
not credible so it sounds like the sort
of thing they would say just so you
didn't think it was the rhetoric coming
from the Democrats that caused this to
happen so it's very convenient that he's
the only person in the world who might
have been considering shooting either of
the candidates do you think in the
history of the world there's ever been
an assassin who said you know it doesn't
really matter which one I do I could
shoot Biden and and die trying I could
shoot Trump Die Trying it's about equal
no in the history of the world nobody
ever had that thought now they're trying
to sell him as you know unstable and he
didn't like any
politicians but I don't think it's a
total coincidence that he picked the one
he
picked given all all the rhetoric around
him now how do 20-year-olds get their
information on
politics they don't do their own
research and come to their own opinion
they listen to what everybody says in
the channel that they listen to they
listen to their friends if their friends
say ah that Trump guy that's that's what
opinion a 20-year-old will have so 20-y
olds don't have their own opinions I
mean I didn't have one when I was 20
when I was 20 I didn't know anything my
my 20-year-old opinions were just
worthless as are everybody's as are
everybody's
so anyway um I don't trust that he was
also looking to kill Biden I just don't
think that's true and I predict that
you'll never see a document that is that
is credible to make that claim I think
the government will just say yeah we
looked at it and we're telling you we
saw it and then you'll say well could we
see it could we see what you saw no it's
an ongoing
investigation right they don't have to
tell us or show us the evidence they can
just say it's an ongoing investigation
and it doesn't seem like it was about
Trump per se because the worst thing
they could say is it was about Trump per
se because that means that the rhetoric
of the left actually weaponized him to
try to kill him which is what I think
happened most
likely and and and that would be true
with or without it being a wider plot so
at a bare minimum he was hypnotized
brainwashed into not liking Trump so we
don't know how it happened naturally or
from some other source but he clearly
was anti-trump I don't think there's any
question about
that here are the things we don't know
we still don't know who to blame because
there's this question about well but was
there was there this other sniper and
somebody says that they've got an audio
that shows a second shooter uh if
there's a second
shooter then of course I would assume
there's a larger plot because that would
sound very kenned esque um we still
don't know why the snipers didn't take
the shot when they could we still don't
know why the guy was allowed to walk
around forever all of those things point
to either a massive security um problem
or a plot to have poor security and then
a weaponized guy you put them together
boom but if it's true that he was doing
his own research on where the campaign
was going to be so if you if you had to
look it up that doesn't sound like
somebody doesn't sound like he had a
Handler does it because if he had a
Handler the Handler would have told him
this is what you're doing and you know
go there do this so it wasn't a Handler
situation but it could have been
somebody who got hypnotized into doing
his own work so that's still
possible there was the car with the
remote control and the bombs some say it
was to create a diversion I don't know
if that's true but if it was to create a
diversion that would suggest he had a
getaway
plan uh although you can't imagine how
he thought he would get away I mean
that's beyond beyond belief there's a
story about he got there in a bicycle he
got there in two different kind of cars
so even basic facts about how he got
there and whether or not even the
question of whether he bought a ladder
and carried it there for a mile or he
just climbed up the air conditioning
ducks or whatever it was so almost
everything about this is
squirly so with that much squirly stuff
around
um the yeah the covich view that he was
sort of weaponized by a bad actor and
then poor security was
intentional or they just didn't care
about protecting them which looks the
same um maybe so I'd say that's uh very
much in the mix so here's the
incompetence
argument so we'll keep both both
arguments alive for now the incompetence
argument looks like this MK Ultra isn't
real it's not real there's no MK Ultra
now it is true that there was a big
program to see if mind control work but
primarily it was with uh drugs so they
were testing LSD and Other Drugs to see
if you could turn somebody into a zombie
I guess but hypnosis was
mentioned as you know one of the MK
Ultra tools but in my view you can't
really hypnotize somebody into shooting
a president and killing themselves at
the same time
uh now I'm not going to say it couldn't
happen in the most extreme case I've
never seen it though and it's generally
considered true that you can't hypnotize
somebody into murder you could hypnotize
somebody into thinking it was their own
idea and you do that by saying that he's
Hitler you do it that by saying he's a
dictator you're going to lose your
democracy that's how you do it
indirectly so if you're thinking this
young was individually hypnotized that's
not necessary you don't need individual
hypnosis because the whole country was
hypnotized or half of it so what you
need is somebody who's willing to act on
it and that's the hard part now since we
know he had already talked to his
schoolmates about threatening to shoot
up a school what does that tell you if
he threatened to shoot up a
school and then he did this it probably
has more to do do with him wanting to be
important in other words the reason that
you shoot up a school is that you want
to die with some Glory basically even if
it's negative Glory you you want to be
known even even dead and so I would
suggest that maybe he wasn't even that
political but that he changed his Target
from the school where we would be
reviled forever too and this is horrible
but this is what I think
happened I think he thought he would be
seen as a hero if he
succeeded because it could be that he
knew so many Democrats that they would
just regard him as a hero on top of that
it looks like his parents were Trump's
supporters imagine if your parents are
Trump supporters and you don't get along
with them so to me it looks like
somebody um who needed to be important
couldn't find a way to do it in the
normal way and and he probably was
somewhat ambivalent about whether he
shot Biden his school or Trump but when
he looked at those three choices
probably said you know what Trump's the
only one that maybe half the country
would think I'm a hero because the
school shooting would get you zero you
know zero positive anything so to me it
looks like somebody who wanted to do
something bad and this is just what he
picked all right he had access to a gun
easy access to a gun which suggests not
so much a
plot with a plot you'd expect somebody
somehow gets a gun in some illegal way
or you know already had one maybe but
the fact that it was just a crime of
opportunity you know you just had access
to a high powerered
rifle um to me that suggests not a
plot unless the MK Ultra people said do
you have any way to get a hold of a gun
oh yeah I got one in the house
all right what
else all right so you've got the police
and the soci and the Secret Service
blaming each other that sounds more like
incompetence but there were three
entities so there were the local police
who were supposed to be doing just
traffic there was a nearby police force
another local police but not that
locality nearby apparently they had the
sniper position and they would have been
controlling the house
and then the Secret
Service would have to deal with two
different
entities now anybody who's lived in the
real world what happens when three
entities are in charge of something now
there in theory they're only in charge
of their own domains but it's three
entities have some responsibility how's
that work out in the real world that's a
total cluster right on paper that's
a
problem now I'm just speculating but but
you could imagine something like
this hey local police uh are you all set
yes and then the Secret Service guy goes
all right they've got that building
secured except he was talking to the
wrong local police he was talking to the
ones who were doing traffic and the
traffic gu said yep all good on traffic
but he thought that it meant the local
police were also securing that building
so maybe they didn't even talk to the
the sniper team that set up in the
window it's entirely possible that they
thought oh the local police will be
guarding the outside we'll just set up
in this window we got a better view
maybe they're not the best or smartest
snipers in the world they just wanted to
get out of the
Sun but
maybe maybe it gets back
to how hard they wanted to protect Trump
if you had a local police sniper group
and they're looking at this the roof
where they're going to have a tough day
because they'll be in the Sun for hours
or they're looking at indoors where
they've got a access to a private
bathroom and they're sitting in the
shade and they don't care so much
whether Trump lives or
dies you you could see them making just
the Wall-E decision of what's the
laziest easiest thing to do but if they
were protecting you know their own guy
somebody they really wanted to keep
alive probably get on the
roof so you could imagine that a whole
bunch of decisions were made
they were all well if this mattered more
to me I'd try a little harder you know
like the real world like everything in
the real
world and let's see what else we got um
we also know that the Whistleblower says
that the Secret Service had limited
resources for Trump uh because of the
NATO Summit and Jill was in
town and uh and also whistleblower says
that most of the security
detail um were not even Secret Service
they were Department of Homeland
Security assigned and they were
unprepared and
inexperienced so I don't know how much
that
matters do you think that the snipers
were not Secret
Service I'd have to know how much i' I'd
have to know if the snipers were Secret
Service because if they were you would
still make sure that that roof got
covered and if you were less trained I
know maybe that made a difference
all right so if you put that all
together there is
every there's every indication that
would suggest it was mass
incompetence with with a touch of not
caring right not caring
enough um but I would say that the the
theory that there's something deeper is
absolutely still alive all right are you
happy with that both hypotheses are
completely alive
and it's not outside what we expect from
the dark parts of our government it's
not
unprecedented if you look at the Kennedy
assassination so I would say this one's
a tough one and and then if you add the
fact that the per got killed and you add
the fact that there was opportunity for
one of the snipers to take the shot
themselves and make it look like it was
him that's a lot of
coincidences a lot of coincidences
anyway so over in the ninth Circuit
Court uh over in Arizona there's a
there's a ruling in favor of election
Integrity in Arizona so voters will have
to show proof of citizenship to vote
that seems like a big
deal um I don't know how many other
places are having something like this I
saw that maybe Nevada went the other way
anyway and then this story which is
amusing Hunter Hunter Biden is using the
Trump defense to get out of some of his
troubles uh the Trump defense among
others is that uh the special Council
was not uh
constitutionally uh
appropriate in other words he's using
exactly the uh the argument that Trump
successfully used on that judge judge
Cannon situation with Mar Lago boxes
that Jack Smith was not appropriately
and
legally um
empowered and so uh
and by the way every the Democrats
mocked that defense until it
worked they mocked it I think Joe Biden
mocked it too and that was the only
thing that might keep his son into
prison so that's kind of perfect uh do
you remember Max
boot Max boot so he's a Washington Post
colist and one of the worst of the worst
for the Russia collusion theory he he's
a sort of person that you don't even
imagine is trying to be a legitimate
writer is just a Democrat you know maybe
an intelligence asset or something but
he doesn't write like he's a writer he
writes like he's working for somebody
who's not the Washington Post uh at
least that's what it looks like so he's
been The Pusher of uh some major hoaxes
and sometimes one of the major pushers
of it well some news about him his wife
uh suei
Sumi Terry but her first part is
Sumi that's unfortunate uh anyway she's
a former CIA analyst and she was his
wife and she's been indicted for acting
as an agent for the South Korean
government without registring so that
would be a Fara
problem and uh I believe that there's an
indication that Max boot has written on
the topic of South Korea maybe in a way
that was compatible with what his wife
wanted we don't know know that for sure
but she was being paid in expensive
meals and
Handbags she was being paid in expensive
meals and
Handbags
now does that sound like she's a
spy or does that sound like she was just
cheating on her
husband because it sounds more to me
like she just had a
boyfriend because who is she eating the
expensive dinners with she wasn't eating
the expensive dinners with her husband
cuz that's not mentioned I don't you
know I'm not ruling it out but wouldn't
the husband be suspicious about eating
dinners that they can't
afford on a writer writer salary so the
husband never under he he wasn't alerted
when his wife showed up with a handbag
that he never could have
afforded and she probably couldn't
either do you know how much an expensive
handbag costs by the
way sadly I had to learn this the hard
way an expense of had handbag is many
thousands of dollars I mean it could be
$25,000 now I doubt it was that but I
mean easily could be5 to $4,000 for a
handbag uh so I think there was $335,000
in total gifts that they
calculated but uh I'm not sure this is
what it looks
like I I think she simply had a
boyfriend that's what it looks like
because who else gives you Handbags and
dinners that's that's pretty boyfriend
is that that doesn't sound like a spy
situation to me but maybe I don't know
I'm just speculating we don't really
know all right here's a interesting
thing on AI so China's government um may
be somewhat Limited in their AI push
which they would think is uh critical to
the Future as we all do because they uh
they need to control political speech so
China has this extra problem that they
have to teach AI to
lie otherwise the whole regime comes
down so they're trying to figure out how
do we teach it to lie but also tell
people it's an advanced
intelligence
and and I'm thinking this could be the
it could be the Achilles heel of
China because I don't know the United
States will have as big a problem
but I will say more generally I don't
think governments can survive AI telling
the
truth I don't think governments can
survive if AI learns to tell the truth
now at the moment it lies automatically
because it'll give you the common
narrative but if you're in China are
they training it only on Chinese
propaganda or are they training it the
way other people do on all the other
things happening everywhere else you
know are they training on American data
so
um I don't think America uses Chinese do
they I wonder if the American AIS use
China data for training I don't know but
this could be the biggest the biggest
issue in AI that determines which
countries
survive is simply who's allowing it to
tell the truth because if you have to
stop it from telling the
truth I mean it's proba not going to be
very
good all right I see I see you asking me
about Kai Kai Trump uh how many of you
saw um Don Jr's daughter Kai give her
speech first speech ever in public
apparently at the
convention that was genius by the way
that was genius because she just said
how great her grandfather was and how
kind he is and you know so the biggest
complaint about Trump is he's only in it
for
himself it's hard to make that
survive when the when the grandchild
gets on and says no matter what he's
doing he'll call me and like he'll call
me from the golf course he'll call me
for work calls me all the time M make
sure he knows how I'm
doing it's hard to survive that he's so
selfish when you see the grandkid say um
no you're totally wrong about that and
then some other people say the same
thing I I thought the the kai move was
brilliant and beyond that I would say
let's see if you had the same
feeling you always wonder about the
future because you think that the kids
are all messed up now but every
generation thought that every generation
thinks their children are the ones that
are messed up uh but watching Kai who is
a very capable human you really get back
your confidence in the youth it's like
okay what whatever it is that made her
her
we need some more of that but it was
very inspirational I don't think there
could be much more inspirational than
seeing a young person nail it on the
first try in the hardest place you could
ever give a speech but wow what Poise
and of course she's beautiful surprise
of course she's the camera just loves
her so yeah she's she's going to be uh a
forced to be reckoned with if she goes
into
politics all right
um apparently Yemen sent a uh a drone
into Tel
Aviv and actually caused a death and
some some injuries
so you probably heard that uh Trump said
that um the Palestinians better give
back our the hostages before he gets
into office or they'll be held to
pay and I thought to myself he's the
only one that knows this is isn't a
negotiation that that's why Trump's
better Biden thinks it's a negotiation
it's not in
negotiation it's we're going to end
every one of you until you give
back the the uh the hostages you get
nothing until we get the hostages and by
the way if it doesn't happen fast we're
just going to mow the LA now do the
Palestinians believe he would act that
aggressively
they might I that's all it takes all it
takes is they believe the uh they
believe the threat but here's the thing
if somebody has your
hostages that's not a negotiation if
you're the powerful one especially if
you don't think there's a good chance
they coming
back if you're the powerful one you say
here's the deal if we don't get them
back there's going to be a hell coming
toward you that you've never even
experienced before whatever gains you
thought you got and that we're going to
take take them away we're going to set
you back a 100
years but if you release the hostages
we'll
talk Biden never did that did he did
Biden ever give them a direct threat you
need a threat you need to say credibly
we will destroy your life for a hundred
years give them back now and by the way
that's not a negotiation that's just
what's going to happen choose and then
you have to do it you know I don't know
what that would take but now of course I
don't want the poor Palestinian citizens
to be you know wiped out or something so
ideally you don't want to do it or
anything like it but you need to
threaten it you you need to make a
threat that sounds real now it helps
that Trump at one point dropped a mother
of all bomb on the on the uh what was it
Isis or was it Taliban I can't remember
Isis I think uh it helps he's got a
little bit of a history of being a
badass
then you can sell it do you think Biden
could have sold that threat do you think
Biden could have said oh we're going to
really come down hard on you if you
don't let no no he doesn't have the
ability Trump has the ability now
likewise with this Yemen stuff that's
been driving me crazy Trump says he's
going to reduce your
costs the biggest thing you could do
fast is to stop the uh Yemen the hoodies
I guess from uh making all the shipping
go around the long
so part of the reason that everything
costs more is that the ships can't go
the short way they're afraid of the
getting a missile
attack Yemen needs to stop
it and Trump is smart enough to know
that there would be a gigantic financial
gain not just in America but everywhere
if he can scare the hoodies away from
their actions now I don't know what that
would take but it would be similar to a
Gaza thing where you say look you're
going to stop doing that if you don't
Yemen's going to disappear because we
can't live with this this is an
unsustainable situation for the world
and for the United States we want you to
know that if you don't start stop now
we're going to take out the capital or
something I don't know that's a bad idea
but you have to do something I I would
put the entire like
Fleet and just start hitting them
and I don't think we can put up with
this right so there's so many ways that
Trump can fix things fairly quickly
Ukraine war for example that when he
says I'm going to bring your cost down
it looks real to me because he has the
superpower he's got the energy he's got
the Gods on his side he's got his
reputation as being a badass he knows
how to negotiate he knows where the
biggest lever is to make money Biden
doesn't know any of that these are
things that Biden's just a helpless
hunger skin
basically so I think you'll see
something happen with that then lastly
there's studies that say loneliness
increased your risk of premature death
by nearly
30% I believe that and that's why I try
to be here every morning no matter how
bad I feel yesterday was impossible so
sorry I missed yesterday that is by the
way the first sick day I've
taken in decades 30 years but that one
was unavoidable
unfortunately um so I'm back well I'm
not back like Trump but I'm back and uh
if you'd like to work on your
loneliness every evening just about
every evening uh we do a manave live
stream for members of locals so you'd
have to be a member and uh we just hang
out and uh if if you saw the vibe you'd
it's not so much about me doing a
presentation we're just hanging out and
uh we're all addicted to it there are
hundreds of us several hundred of us
they just meet every day and the people
in the comments have made friends and
you know they're supporting each other
people are offering to help each other
or just they only know them from the
comments so and it's a whole bunch of
people who are in some cases widowed in
other cases just don't have anything
else that they would be doing on a
Saturday night like me so
so we've just we're working on a cure
for loneliness now I can't cure
everybody but I can cure a few hundred
so if you want to join that fun it's the
uh Scott adams. locals.com is the link
but you'd have to be a member and that's
all I got for you today thanks for
joining and uh I'm going to say hi to
the locals
people but I'm going to say bye to the
rest of you and uh thanks for
joining
for
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e