hey
everybody come on in here I'm going to
take some uh callers today in the
context of teaching you a little lesson
on uh how to answer questions from the
Press now I'm sure that those of you who
listen to my periscopes are ever so
close to being famous yourself that the
odds of you getting interviewed are
pretty good but even if you don't want
to someday get famous and get
interviewed um it's always nice to have
a new skill so I'm going to continue my
little uh experiment of seeing if I can
teach you 80% of a skill in less than 20
minutes and this will probably be well
less than 20 minutes so the skill I'm
going to teach you is being interviewed
by the Press now I'm going to ask for
some volunteers so anybody who wants to
click the button the little happy face
buttons at the bottom of the screen
which you can only see if you're using a
mobile device I believe not on a laptop
um but if you click that you can be in
line to possibly go live with me and I'm
going to interview you and I'll only ask
one question so you you each get one
question a piece and then I'll tell you
what you did wrong and then I'll show
you how to do it right okay so anybody
who wants to be interviewed jump into
the queue
let me start with some background so
when I first became an author and it
looked like my book was going to be a
number one bestseller which it was my
publisher wisely said you know what you
need is some media training and I'd
never even heard of that what the heck
is Media
training and uh it was explained to me
that media training is learning how to
answer questions uh in front of the
camera in front of a crowd um from the
media and I thought well how hard could
that be doesn't everybody know how to
answer a question wouldn't it be exactly
the same as if you know you were talking
to your friend and the answer is no no
it isn't and and you really need to have
the training if you're going to be in
front of the public and I'm going to
demonstrate why in a minute but one of
the uh the main things you learn in
media training is that you don't have to
answer the question that's asked and
unless you're part of the hard news uh
news if you're let's say you're an
author or you're a pundit of some kind
who has some you know something you're
trying to persuade you don't have to
answer the question you can simply
answer your own question and I'll give
you an example let's say that you're an
author and you're an expert on forest
fires and and deforestation after forest
fires and preventing forest fires that's
your expertise you go into a live on
camera interview and the person
interviewing you hasn't read the book
and so they ask you the wrong question
they don't even know really what your
book is about and so they say when did
you get interested in um in tree
rings and the first thing you say to
yourself as well okay I'm not here about
tree rings I'm not interested in tree
rings I'm an expert on Forest fires has
nothing to do with tree rings directly
but I got this
question the the thing you shouldn't do
is well actually that's not what my
book's about because that then you have
an awkward moment all the
O all the audience
wants is uh they want to uh oh damn I
might have to go get that uh I'm going
to ignore it all the audience
wants is some
entertainment so when they say tell us
about tree rings and you have you didn't
come to talk about tree rings you say
well I'll tell you tree rings will tell
you a lot about forest fires forest
fires and then you you just go into your
whatever you were going to talk about
anyway so rule number one you'd never
have to answer a question um if you're
there for political reasons or you're a
lawyer on TV then you do need to answer
the question factually or at least you
know in some persuasive way but are the
people don't really have to if you're an
author you don't really need to do that
um and nobody cares that the thing they
teach you is that nobody cares the host
will be just as happy that you answered
an interesting question and they'll be
happy that you ignored their actual
boring question that was off topic um
but there are three things you sort of
have to keep in mind when you're doing
an in a press interview you want you
want to keep in mind the facts because
you want to you know in most cases you
want to be accurate so the facts you
want to protect your brand so you want
to answer in a way that's not only true
but is good for your brand whatever your
brand is and then there's a third level
and this is the fun part the third level
and you have to have all of these in
your head consciously at the same time
the third level is making sure you don't
say something that can be construed the
wrong way so you can answer something
clearly and honestly but it can be done
in a way that's so easy to take out a
context that you're totally in trouble
that's the one you really have to watch
out for you can't make an answer that
can be taken out a context easily and it
takes a long time to get good at that
all right so I want to
demonstrate how difficult this is I'm
going to take a guest and I'm going to
interview said
guest and I'm just looking at everybody
here and I'm going to pick uh let's pick
Jennifer Jennifer is going to give some
media training
here Jennifer are you
there and um are you ready to be
interviewed Mr Adams it is a joy and
pleasure to speak to you and
absolutely all right Jennifer uh I know
you've been running for uh the senate
for a while and I have one question for
you um do you disavow the
KKK absolutely and completely I disavow
the
KKK Jennifer you just failed media
trading do you do you know what the
headline tomorrow
is the headline tomorrow is your
competitor had a good new proposal for a
policy but Jennifer is still denying
that she supports the
KKK I you your your answer just paired
yourself with the KKK if somebody does a
search for you they'll come up with she
denies she's in the KKK she did she
disavows them you have failed as hard as
you could fail on that question and and
but you but you learned something right
and later I'm gonna it's a it's a no win
kind of situation at first but I'm sure
you're gonna teach us how to win so I I
will teach you how to win uh let's see
if uh thank you Jennifer I'm going to
pop you off here and then I'm going to
take another color and we're going to
ask somebody else um let's see
Paul Paul's coming
on Paul are you
there Paul can I interview
you Paul um have you ever
danced I have but I'm terrible at it
yeah have you ever tried like do you
ever have a few drinks and tried to
moonwalk
I prefer not to
say well um I'm sorry Paul but you
failed media training oh darn because
when I asked you if you're a drinker you
you said I declin to answer probably an
alcoholic he declines to talk about his
drinking see see how tricky this is oh I
I am chagrined it gets worse so
um did you say that you've tried to
moonwalk
before uh actually no I haven't because
well I'm a white guy I can't do it do
well okay you just you just failed Med
to your training
twice so don't say that don't say that
what you just said less of that um so
have you ever um have you ever heard the
the song uh Billy Jean yes I have do you
like it do you like that
song uh yes I do wow you've got a lot in
common with the pedophile oh
man Weezer just covered it weer files so
so that one was a little exaggerated you
nobody would nobody would make the
accusation I made but they could easily
say well you seem quite friendly with a
famous pedophile is that a coincidence
so you can see how easily simply
introducing a topic is the mistake so
you think to yourself no I'll say I'll
say I don't like that person I'll say I
disavow that person and and and your one
level thinking that would work perfectly
in your regular life doesn't work
because by disavowing it you you made
that the headline and now that's your
brand so you ruined your brand and you
didn't think ahead um
I'm gonna I'm G to uh take another
caller Paul thanks for playing I have
been
schooled all right so we're going to
turn it around
now and I'm going to let somebody
interview
me all right and I want you ask me the
tough question let's see if we can get
oh let's
say uh uh I got to pick somebody good
here uh I'm going to say Jill
you're all good but I was looking at
your profile pictures and trying to get
a good mix of people
here so um yeah I was curious um your
relationship with your uh your
girlfriend we're all interested and do
that back together again and uh what
made you break up there in the first
place for a day or I well I don't talk
about my personal life but I want you to
ask me a specific question and then I
want you uh then so you if you'd like to
play along can can you take I do I do
I'm sorry I just I just was uh stabbing
and seeing if I could get you off
balance there oh well well that was very
good but uh let me give you the question
the question is do you disavow the KKK
so you're the you're the press and I'm
the politician ask me the
question um Mr Adams how long have you
um known members of the KKK no you have
to ask it the right way ask ask do I
disavow do you disavow the KKK Mr
Adams that might be the dumbest question
I've ever heard of course I
do and you should be ashamed of yourself
to think that's even a reasonable
question to ask you know the country has
much bigger things to worry about than
these little gotcha questions I think
it's time for you to take the training
wheels off and and see if you can join
us at the big
table now let me tell you what I did did
right and why that's a good answer did
you hear me say KKK in my answer I I can
feel the attack back in my gut you
know but did you did you hear did you
hear me say KKK in my answer I did not
no so you'll never have a clip of me
saying those words so I made sure that
the clip had to be shown the question
and the answer together and I made sure
that the first part of my answer was an
insult to the asker because if they're
going to run it if they're going to run
it they have to they have to run the the
insult then I shamed them for asking the
question and I and I TR and then I uh
but I did say I do disavow them of
course but without using the word I just
made a clear statement but without using
the word and it wasn't the first thing I
said first I insulted him very quickly
so you don't want to spend a lot of time
on that you just you just say that might
be the dumbest question I've ever heard
of course I disavow them and you should
be ashamed of yourself for asking these
these Bush League gotcha questions now I
think perfect now hold on when when the
when the Press runs that
clip what what is the interesting part
about it the interesting part about it
is that I went all primitive on the Asar
that's now the story the story is how I
how I uh attacked the person who asked
the question so so the idea is to be
merciless in your
response the idea is to be interesting
in your response in a way that takes
attention from the question so you want
to take attention away from the question
and put it on the answer that does not
include the question and make sure that
people have changed the frame to God
what a dick who would ask such a stupid
question and you want that to be the
clip and I'm sorry for being a Dick
Scott
all right thanks thanks for playing I'm
going to thank you very much click off
now having seen this
context think back to Jake Tapper asking
president Trump do you disavow the KKK
and try to understand it with the new
filter that I just gave you if the
president had said I disavow them in
just clean language that would be
compatible with things he said in the
past and it was certainly incompatible
with things he said
subsequently so it would have been
accurate it would have been consistent
and it would have been a giant
mistake Trump is one of the most Savvy
media people of all time probably I
think that's fair to say probably one of
the most Savvy media people of all time
and when he heard that question here's
what he knew that you did not get until
you had me media training simply
answering the question with the truth
yes of course I I disavow them becomes a
headline the next day that looks like
this Hillary Clinton has some ideas for
healthc care candidate Trump is still
dis is still uh trying to explain why
he's not a fan of the
KKK those are your headlines the next
day he had no success Vector with being
as clever as I was in my example now I
had the advantage that I was prepared
for the exact question and and I
actually told the caller to use the
question on me so I was ready with
exactly the right uh
response you saw Trump
stalling to answer the question so when
Jake said just to be clear I'm asking
you to disavow the
KKK and you could tell the Jake was not
quite knowing what was happening because
it was such a simple question and he
wasn't and Trump was not giving a simple
answer now Trump's answer was I would
say possibly true which is that he
didn't hear it through the headpiece
I've done hundreds and hundreds of
interviews involving earpieces and I can
confirm that they more often than you
would think don't work it doesn't mean
it's the head the earpiece that's back
had just the connection so what are the
odds that really he couldn't hear the
question maybe I wouldn't rule it out
but it's not my personal um it's not my
personal
speculation my speculation goes like
this Trump is not like the rest of you
were an hour ago he's an expert at the
media he's an expert at branding he can
see around corners a little bit better
than you
and when that question was asked he
recognized it as a
trap it wasn't quite as obvious to you
as you know do you still beat your
spouse right there's no right answer to
that if you say you do beat your spouse
then you're a spouse beat her if you say
you don't still beat your spouse it
indicates you used to beat your spouse
there's no right answer there is no
right answer to as you're running for
the presidency do you disavow the KKK he
can't to the question without making
that the headline tomorrow and he
doesn't want that to be the headline so
the right answer would have been closer
to what I did and I don't think he was
prepared for it you could see his his
gears turning and I also don't think you
know look how much explanation it took
for me to just explain the difference
between somebody who's media trained and
someone who's not it's pretty big
difference and so when I watched it I
had a different filter than most of you
did because of media trading I said to
myself oh that's a that's a trick
question it looks like it's not and
that's what makes it tricky right I
would say
99.99% of all the people who watched it
said to themselves good Lord man could
there be an easier question this is 2+ 2
is 4 do you running for president
disavow the KKK how is that a trick
question that's just I disavow them
right nope not if you have training if
you have training you know that that
question is designed to associate you
with the KKK because brains do not hear
not they don't hear
disavow they they kind of hear them in
in in a technical sense yes but you you
end up associating the target of your
trick question with that bad that bad
thing so Trump could see I'm sure that
this didn't smell right and that there
wasn't an easy way out of the question
because he kind of had to answer it but
he kind of wanted not to answer it
because he didn't want to make that the
headline in the association there was no
winning winning
path so let me take you to an example
where Trump did
better do you remember when um Chris
Cuomo back back in 2015 or 16 I can't
remember interviewed candidate Trump and
the pope had just said that there were
some problems with capitalism so Chris
Cuomo asked candidate Trump the
following trick question he says the
pope had some criticisms of capitalism
what do you say candidate Trump now the
trick is that for Trump to disagree with
the Pope puts him at odds with the Pope
you don't want to be at odds with the
Pope but you can't agree with the Pope
because agreeing with the Pope would say
capitalism is bad and you can't be
Donald Trump and say that capitalism is
bad so there was no way you could agree
with the Pope and there was no way you
could disagree with the Pope it was a
great trick question do you remember how
candidate Trump answered the question
and by the way it was one of the most
brilliant answers of all interview
questions it should be this should be
the media training clip that everybody
learns how to do this if you remember he
looked at Chris Cuomo and he said I
would tell the pope to worry about Isis
because they want to take over the
Vatican you see
[Laughter]
it do you see the genius in that
answer remember I told you that media
training teaches you you don't have to
answer the question it's optional you do
not have to answer the question so he
did not answer the question because it
was a trap question instead he moved our
minds to Isis Conquering the Vatican you
can't get that out of your head so what
was the headline the headline was Trump
says the pope better watch out because
Isis might take over the Vatican that
was the headline so he turned the trick
question
into a headline that makes him look like
you know the strongest player on the
field because he was tough on Isis and
he's you know bringing bringing Isis up
again that was exactly the right way to
answer the question the KKK thing he
screwed up right so there there's no
nice way to say it you know U he he
flubbed the trick question now if one of
you had flubbed the trick question I
would not come down hard you because at
least until now you had no media
training so if if a civilian flubs a
test a trick question like that you say
well they were civilians they're not
really they're not really trained on
talking on camera and stuff you can kind
of see why they do that but if somebody
as experienced As Trump who smells a
trick question and still flubs it that's
just a mistake all right that's you know
I'm not going to put a spin on that
that's just
mistake at his level he should be able
to do the Isis uh Isis taking over the
Vatican move every time all right he
should have been able to do that with
that question as well that was the right
way to play it but well there is a
difference let let me call out the
difference with with the capitalism and
and I um Pope question nobody really
cared about the actual answer and I
think everybody knows that nobody really
cared
about the answer so when he changed it
to a different answer about Isis in the
Vatican everybody was happy well
something to talk
about but the question about does he
disavow the KKK he couldn't really not
answer that
question and you also couldn't answer it
without hurting yourself so that's why
the the uh approach that I told you
earlier in the Periscope was the only
way to go all right was this useful did
you learn
anything and did I keep to 20 minutes
probably
not all right um
good
well media training is exactly the kind
of stuff you could learn if you wanted
to get a personal consult from somebody
um on the interface by whenhub app so I
don't know if we have any Experts of
that type but it's exactly the right
kind of EXP expert to have on the
interface by whenhub app so if you were
one of those experts and you do media
training consider load loading down
loading downloading the free app it's
called interface by whenhub and then you
can set your own price and people will
pay you for the phone call it's a video
call actually um by the
minutes um that is all for today and I
will talk to you later