[Music]
hey everybody are you watching the
sunland testimony oh it's a barnburner
but come on in here we'll take a break
from that I think we've heard what he's
gonna say there will be many questions
but I think his opening statement
probably says everything it needs to say
come on in here
one you know let's get right to it
quick quick grab your cup mug glass
snifter Stein chalice tanker thermos
last canteen Grail gobbling vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid and let's enjoy simultaneity of
knowing the people all over the world
are going to enjoy the simultaneous sip
and their dopamine will spike at the
same time you're part of it be part of
something bigger than yourself the
simultaneous cept go oh yeah that's much
bigger than myself so the only news that
anybody cares about is the impeachment
trial impeachment theater I call it I
like I love the way Devon newness is
framing it before each day of
impeachment he's
he's framing it like theater well it's
act 2 impeachment theater he doesn't say
it that way about almost which is
exactly the right way to do it now I'm
gonna criticize a lot of people on
president Trump's defense he's getting
the worst defense I've ever seen
all right now bottom line I'm sure the
president's going to be fine there's not
going to be any impeachment but man are
the people defending him screwing the
pooch here and I'm going to call out
Jordan
as the worst offender here's the defense
you never want to hear from your own
lawyer are you ready
if you ever hire a lawyer let's say
you're accused of a crime and you ever
and you hire a lawyer and he comes at
you with the following defense you need
a new lawyer here's the defense my
client totally did not commit the crime
and also it didn't work what that's
right my client didn't commit the crime
and when he tried it didn't work that's
not the lawyer you want you want the
lawyer who says there was no crime now
some of the Republicans are saying that
in fact the best defense I think so far
of everything I've seen every every
talking head every every pundit and of
all the people who have been talking
about the champey Trent I've only seen
one competent piece of writing on this
and it's from byron york and it's today
so you could say it in my twitter feed
and byron york points out that there are
several well-documented nobody nobody is
doubting the following facts that
Ukrainian officials people in the
government did in fact publicly publicly
tried to influence the election in 2016
against Trump publicly that's the
important part apparently there were
some facts I didn't know about I just
read the article and it's in the The
Examiner at Washington Examiner Byron
York and he lays out the numerous times
that publicly again there's no doubt
there's no no dispute about the facts
but publicly the diplomat for Ukrainians
ambassador apparently wrote a negative
piece in the
during the election that's pretty direct
influence it was a negative piece about
President Trump now the the problem that
Ukraine had with Trump as a candidate is
they thought he was too friendly with
Russia that was a bad thing so
apparently they are documented as
working against the president and trying
to prevent him from getting elected I
guess that's not even in dispute all
right so let me tell you what matters is
what doesn't matter and unfortunately
the Republicans defending the president
are spending a lot of time on the stuff
that doesn't matter and is hurting his
cause here's some things that don't
matter that the process itself is unfair
do you know why that doesn't matter
now it is true that the Republicans are
not getting to talk to the people they
want to talk to some things are
happening behind closed doors and then
yesterday I saw something that blew my
mind which is that the accusers got the
last word so the last person to speak
after each of these events is chef that
this everything is backwards from how a
trial should be held so I would say it's
true that the process is unfair
if judged against a legal process in
which history has decided what kinds of
processes are fair it's unfair but it is
a sucker's game to argue that why
because nobody's questioning the facts
both sides agree on the basic facts
there's not really a big difference on
facts if you're trying to decide whether
the facts are accurate then the quality
of the system the other system that that
brings out the facts makes a big
difference but if you both agree on the
basic facts you don't really need to
question the system because the system
gave you what you need it gave you the
facts you both agree on them even if
this
was terrible as long as you both agree
you got the right fax it doesn't matter
how terrible it was so don't argue it
it's irrelevant they get it gotten got
you to the same point
it also doesn't matter why anybody did
anything doesn't matter why Vanneman is
saying what he's saying it doesn't
matter that he wore his military uniform
it doesn't matter what he was thinking
none of that matters it's irrelevant
because what matters is what byron york
wrote about did the president have a
reason to think the ukraine needed to be
investigated now some of the things were
sketchy like the you know the the
CrowdStrike server thing there's no
evidence that ukraine had anything to do
with that but it was on a list of things
that the president was concerned about
Ukraine being generally corrupt and had
acted against him did the president have
a legitimate reason to want to
investigate what's going on in Ukraine
not only with Biden and burr yzma but
sort of more generally because they were
acting against the president yes once
you've answered that question did the
president have a legitimate need a
legitimate concern that the country
should also share all the other
questions are irrelevant you don't need
to talk about the system you have the
process because it got you all to the
same point you all believe the same
facts and one of those facts that it
isn't really coming out in the
apparently nobody thought to bring out
any of these facts and any of this these
testimonies so again the president's
defenders are doing a terrible job it
doesn't matter that the that the
transcript was originally put on a
secure server nope doesn't matter
because everybody agreed that the
transcript looking thing was close
enough doesn't matter
it's irrelevant doesn't matter what
anybody was thinking doesn't matter what
anybody's motives
even the presidents doesn't matter what
his motives were doesn't matter what his
internal thoughts were there's only one
thing that mattered did he have a
legitimate interest meaning public
interest American interest in
investigating Ukraine a little bit and
finding out how rotten they are over
there it doesn't even matter if you
agree all you have to do is say to
yourself given President Trump's
experience and what what he knew at the
time was it reasonable for him to push
Ukraine for some investigating sure even
if there's nothing there totally
justified once you've said it's totally
justified that he he asked those
questions you're done there's nothing
else to talk about because it doesn't
matter if he pressured them doesn't
matter if he had a explicit quid pro quo
a indirect quid pro quo it doesn't
matter which which of the witnesses
thought there was one thought that
wasn't one thought it was about the
meeting thought it was about the funding
doesn't matter doesn't matter how how
long it was withheld doesn't matter why
was withheld doesn't matter who thought
what doesn't matter that Giuliani was
over there you know making things
complicated for the professionals none
of it matters there's only one question
that matters did the president have a
good reason to suspect there needs to be
some investigating over a new crane
now suppose Ukraine had said yes I think
it would have gone something like this
yes mr. president if you have legitimate
concerns we'd like to look into it tell
us what you want to look into
specifically well one of them is this
CrowdStrike server thing all right we'll
look into it 24 hours later we looked
into it there's nothing there's no basis
for that okay what else do you want us
to look into really 24 hours later
Ukraine would say the same thing that
Byron New York says that everybody who's
looking to assess the CrowdStrike server
thing isn't real
but what else do you have well there's
the Biden thing okay we can look into
that or there's the you know you
interfered in there in the election
before is there anything going on over
there that we need to know about well
look into it so that's the only question
that matters
does the president have a good reason to
look into it the Democrats have gotten
away with framing it as digging for dirt
on an opponent the Republicans have
failed miserably complete failure to
defend the president on the question of
did he have reason to think there was
some bad stuff over there in Ukraine
that needed to be looked into yes that's
the beginning of the story in the end of
it all the rest is theater and and so I
would say Republicans have totally
failed this president in their defense
all right let's talk about Gordon sunlen
he's he's testifying today and of course
all the headlines after this were gonna
be quid pro quo discovered because
Sandlin says it was one now they're
gonna start conflating and Joe Joe
 pointed this out I don't know if
I would have caught it myself but
pointed out that while Sandlin says was
the quid pro quo that he believed was
about the meeting having a quid pro quo
for a meeting with the president this
probably kind of standard business you
know not everybody gets to meet with the
president do you got a it's kind of
little give me something to you get
something I mean even I met with the
president was there was there an implied
quid pro quo sort of sort of because
between the time I got invited to visit
the president until the day I actually
was standing there talking to him did I
say bad things about the president I did
not
do you think I would have said bad
things had I thought of any well I might
have waited a few weeks so there's
always a quid pro quo even I felt the
quid pro quo yeah and I was just
visiting for fun now as it turns out I
usually say things that are supportive
of the presidency even if I criticized a
number of specific things that they're
doing so it wasn't a big risk but even I
felt the quid pro quo I mean it's real
there's no way you have that potential
meeting with the President of the United
States and you don't think to yourself
okay I got it not blow this you know
what what do I do to make sure this
doesn't get cancelled of course there's
a quid pro quo so so much will be made
today that son wouldn't believe there
was one at least for the meeting part
and I think he's saying that he
understood or it was his opinion that
the aid was also connected but he didn't
have a direct didn't have direct
evidence of that that was just as
impression does it matter no it doesn't
matter what's thought than thought it
makes no difference it doesn't make any
difference
doesn't matter if there was a quid pro
quo because there always is doesn't
matter if he thought it was explicit or
I was indirect doesn't matter because
there's always one all that matters is
that the president had reason to believe
that Ukraine needed a little extra
investigating before he felt comfortable
giving him money or anything else all
right I can't not comment on the vibe
that some of the witnesses put off and
the vibe this onlin puts off he reminds
me of some actor that you often see in
movies and he plays the guy who in the
end of the movie is gonna lose the girl
and he's a bad boss and you wouldn't
want it for your father-in-law doesn't
he which actor is it there's an actual
actor who looks just like him
and but that actor always plays the part
of the character in the movie you're not
supposed to like he's just sort of a
goofy unlikable guy so Soglin has that
goofy unlikable vibe sadly because he
looks like that actor who always plays
those parts and that matters you know I
it's unkind to point out things like
that but we're talking about how the
public is going to receive him and he
doesn't have he doesn't have a
sympathetic look if you know what I mean
so there's that as opposed to vinden who
wore his military stuff and of course
that got him much more much more of a
sympathetic look than if he hadn't so
that was a smart choice by vinden to
wear his military stuff vendôme got a
little bit douche-baggy by insisting
that he'd be called by his military
title even though he's a civilian now
right now the funniest story the chemist
and a vindens testimony and it was so
weird that I thought I heard it wrong
and it wasn't until I saw I saw Tucker
Carlson talking about it that I thought
to myself I actually did hear that right
I completely blew it off as it couldn't
possibly be true and that was that
apparently Ukraine had asked American
military veteran Zinman to be their
Secretary of Defense in Ukraine three
times they asked him to quit his job in
America to be the defense secretary of
Ukraine now when I heard it in that in
the testimony I thought what did I just
hear that Ukraine asked an American
military person to take over their
entire military and he's just a
lieutenant-colonel did I just hear that
and I actually convinced myself that I
heard it wrong because it couldn't
possibly be true
but apparently apparently it's true so
here's the funny part the United States
was one yes away from conquering Ukraine
now all venden had to do was say yes and
the basically a United States citizen
would be running the military in Ukraine
now there are some things which we can
speculate about why they would ask that
now one speculation one speculation is
that is that if there was some American
connected citizen in their military
maybe they'd get more military aid maybe
they're so dependent on America that
they might as well just put an American
in the job now keep in mind I believe he
was born in Ukraine so technically he's
a dual citizen I think and he speaks
fluent ukrainian and he's very Pro
Ukrainian so it wouldn't be a crazy
thing for him to you know take a job in
Ukraine but that job that specific job
what so so here's here's the other
possibility the other possibility is
that Ukrainians don't trust other
Ukrainians meaning that they needed
somebody who was unbreathable and
sometimes the only way you can get let's
call them untouchables and the reason
the other the way that the the US
government went after gangsters in the
old days is they had to get people who
were not local and were not known so
that they couldn't be bribable you know
the bad guys couldn't get to their
families and bribe them and stuff so it
could be that they they just had you
know we just can't find anybody in the
entire country who isn't just gonna be a
crook so you know we'll pick the one
person who we think is not bribable
to be in charge until we can turn things
around so it might be that they thought
he was unbridle Oh
or they thought he was bribable is both
both are possible it could be they
thought he was bribable and that's why
they wanted him could be never know all
right but that was a weird little story
which tells me that they don't have a
deep bench there in Ukraine they do not
have a deep bench because if you're
looking for an American to be your head
of the head of your military I guess I'd
be worried about Putin too
I guess he could just walk right in
there with a tricycle and take over the
whole country let's see what else we got
I was looking at CNN's coverage from
yesterday so yesterday it was all about
there's no quid pro quo because every
nobody saw a problem yesterday so I
wondered how CNN would handle it and
they had to somehow make a good day for
the president look like a bad day and I
wanted to see how they do it
did you early for entertainment so Chris
Elizabeth said this and I'm paraphrasing
but I had to paraphrase it because it
was so confusing you had to simplify it
to see how confusing it was this will
make more sense in a moment
one of the conclusions that crystal is
made for CNN was that and again this is
my wording but I'm taking his more
confusing sentences and summarizing them
there's not a known fact a known fact
and so he uses known fact as opposed to
effect so it's not a known fact the
Ukraine had not adequately looked into
Joanne hunter Biden in Ukraine it's not
a known fact the Ukraine had not looked
into Joe so in other words solicit was
criticizing the president's side for not
having a fact that had not
and I don't even understand it it's just
word salad it's just too many negatives
here it's not a known fact that he had
not adequately looked into the Biden BER
yzma thing but if it's not a known fact
they had not adequately looked into it
they had had not adequately been looked
into it's also a known fact that we
don't know if his had been looked into
in other words this is worded in a way
to take away the fact that the President
of the United States could not have
known whether it was true that they had
looked into BER is Moe already or it was
not true in other words it was
completely supportive of the president
asking the question because we don't
know it's not a known fact the Ukraine
had not adequately looked into the bursa
thing it's not a known fact that we are
not and therefore it's also not a known
fact that we did right that's the same
thing so it's not a known fact that they
did not already look into it so
therefore it's not a known fact that
they did if you don't know that they
didn't you also don't know that they did
but they had to word it backwards with a
double negative to take away the fact
that the president asked them to do
something that the President did not
know and could not have known if they
had already done it and so it was useful
to ask for it because maybe they say we
already did it somebody says you are
shameless you are stupid and blocked all
right do you it's funny no matter how
many times I criticize the president
some idiot will come in here and say he
does ever criticize the problem you're
shameless how many times do I have to
criticize the president before somebody
will notice
it's like you don't even notice so
there's that new anonymous book that's
recycling an old hoax that the president
has mental issues and he can't remember
anything he's always asking questions
need to he doesn't have a deep well of
understanding of anything the whole
politics has turned into Dilbert's
Dilbert's workplace this whole anonymous
book is everybody complaining about
their boss everybody thinks their boss
doesn't pay enough attention to their
details doesn't know what's happening
they think their boss is making selfish
decisions their boss is selfish and
stupid their boss's idiot I got rich
specifically on that fact that everybody
thinks their boss is an idiot that's the
only reason you're even listening to me
you would never even want to hurt me
except everyone thinks that boss is an
idiot so when you see an anonymous
report this as some people think their
boss is an idiot you didn't see anything
because that's every boss everybody
thinks their boss is an idiot
sometimes I will I will agree with the
anti-trump errs who say that the
president's visit to Walter Reed was not
explained adequately by well I just had
some free time and I thought I'd you
know take care of this that is
unfortunately it was laughably
unrealistic ly true all right did you
see what I just did there for those of
you I haven't yet blocked who say Scott
you defend everything the president says
listen to me again the president's
explanation that he just had some free
time so he went to get a routine
physical at Walter Reed there's not even
slightly believable
it's thought he was slightly believable
but what does it mean does it mean
there's some horrible health problem no
no it could mean he has some minor
health problem like everybody his age
and he just doesn't want to share it you
could imagine a thousand different
health problems that would be minor that
would just be embarrassing or you don't
want to talk about it or you know it's a
it's a fungus it's a rash it's a weed
say anything it just could be anything
so there's no reason to believe there's
a problem but there isn't the slightest
chance that it was just because he had
some free time that didn't happen there
was something going on we just don't
have a reason to believe it's anything
important I think privacy would be the
more likely explanation although I have
to be I have to admit I was worried that
I heard there was a cabinet meeting that
got called and I thought to myself oh he
went to a secret medical facility well
it wasn't secret but and then he can't
had to call a cabinet meeting
it was probably already scheduled but I
thought to myself that doesn't sound
good but apparently it was just normal
business all right those were the main
things I want to talk about if the
president's defenders continue to do
such a bad job they might actually
defend him right into getting impeached
I didn't think it was possible but so
far their defenses have been so bad it
might actually happen if they don't a
pivot pretty quickly and start leaning
on the fact that he had a pretty good
reason to ask questions about Ukraine
and that's the end of the story
then I don't think they're serving him
well because the argument that he didn't
do the crime and by the way the crime
didn't work that's what they're playing
now and that's just the worst the worst
predictions for North Korea probably
just more of the same you know my guess
is that president Robb simply doesn't
want to give them what they need and he
is willing to wait because every day
that the president waits on Iran every
day that he waits on North Korea they
get more flexible because they're
getting poorer and we're getting richer
and time is not on their side so it
could be that he just was waiting as
long as he needs to there's no hurry all
right oh yeah South Dakota has a ad
about trying to get people off on meth
but it's it's not ideal it's not worth
talking about but it's not ideal
somebody says I'm wrong the health care
will only cost ten percent more because
we're not paying for the current ninety
percent well that's the another example
of somebody who mischaracterizes my
opinion too to criticize it here's my
opinion the entire system including your
employer paying for your health care
including the government paying for some
people's health care the entire system
there's only about a 10% away from being
able to cover everybody because there
are only about 10% of people not covered
so if we had no way to clawback that
money in other words do tax employers
because they no longer have to pay
health care and let's say ask the
government is paying everybody's health
care companies save a ton of money so in
order to to cover that you would have to
tax them in some degree that's similar
to how much they were paying for health
care to make up the difference so there
you go I'm not saying that's practical
I'm just saying that the money exists in
the system now suppose you gave
businesses such a massive tax break that
they didn't have to pay health care
anymore
in other words
they didn't you know the government's
paying it so companies can stop paying
it
that would be super stimulative because
every company would suddenly become far
more profitable for not having to pay
that somebody says you're assuming no
elasticity of demand if it's free I'm
not assuming no no elasticity I'm
assuming some elasticity but the the
place where there's elasticity there
will be the cheaper stuff so the you
know the heart attacks and the cancer
were already being treated it's the
smaller stuff that you can do by phone
and email and here's a prescription that
people will do more of for sure I think
that if the government covers healthcare
there should be some kind of a system in
which if you shop for a better deal you
get it to scale so there should be in
some incentive for every consumer to
shop because it's good for the consumer
if you don't have that I don't think you
have a good system government has no
incentive for efficiency yeah that's
just why I said the individual needs to
be in charge of somehow getting a
kickback if they can get cheaper service
or if they or if they do the right
lifestyle things or they take their meds
or there must be some way to to measure
it a I will revolutionize healthcare
that is true AI will completely change
healthcare there are not enough
practitioners well then presumably we'll
get more of them I'll just leave your
comments
all right that's all I got for today
let's all watch this online stuff and
watch how the Republicans are screwing
the pooch on their defense I hope they
get better at it bye for now