good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams I'm
pretty sure there's never been a better
time in human civilization ever but if
you'd like to take it up to levels that
could only be described as Easter good
all you need is a CER marar glass a
tanker cheler Stein a Canen joger flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee en join me
now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go oh God I feel so bad for the people
who didn't sit with us don't you the
camaraderie the fellowship which is sort
of a racist term not racist sexist term
but wow was it
good well maybe next time you can catch
up if you were subscribing to the
Dilbert reborn comic that exists only to
subscribers on X and the locals platform
Scott adams. locals.com you would get to
see a comic in which the boss goes blind
by looking at the
eclipse but he is quickly repaired by
getting a neuralink chip in his head to
to regain his eyesight so that's what
you're missing in the dilber reborn
comic that'll that'll happen in a few
days I have a question can anybody
answer this question I just keep
forgetting to ask my my experience on
the
xplatform is much diminished because a
lot of the really interesting things
that people connect to I'm not allowed
to see do you know why why is it that
when I look at stuff it says you're
unable to view this post because this
account owner limits who can view their
posts what does that
mean no it's not
a oh my god um
so does that mean that somebody has
blocked me or am I on a group
block it means the other person blocked
you I think it it must be a it must be
like a big block it can't be just
because it happens so often I know it's
not people who blocked me personally so
it's a block list thing right that's
what I thought yeah so that's how I get
siloed we'll talk more about that about
people like me getting
Silo well there's a police are using
something they call a GPS tracking darts
to tag a fleeing Vehicles they don't
have to do the pursuit they can just hit
them with a GPS Dart
now how much what's a locked
account a private account what's a
private account on X I don't even know
what that
is
interesting all right
um I all I know is I want
one didn't didn't you ever want to hit a
car with a GPS Dart you just see a car
going by and you're like I'd like to
know where that car is
going and you just track it come on that
would be fun we all want to do that GPS
darts for
everybody well MIT chemical Engineers
figured out a way to uh more efficiently
Harvest CO2 and turn it into chemical
precursors for useful compounds like eth
ethanol and other
fuels here's my prediction about
CO2 no matter what it's doing to the
climate I believe these technologies
will allow people to mine the atmosphere
in other words people will be sucking
CO2 out of the air
economically um because you can turn it
into
products so I I'm pretty sure at some
point in our history we're going to run
out of CO2 because people will literally
turn on a machine suck it out of the air
turn it into ethanol in their garage and
sell it or use it in their car or
something imagine if you could fuel your
car by sucking stuff out of the air
economically that'd be kind of cool we
might be getting
there did you see the update on that
container ship captain who was on the
big boat that hit the bridge in
Baltimore turns out the captain did a
great job or like really good like way
above what you'd expect apparently the
time it took from losing power to
closing the bridge was measured in
seconds the the was it the pilot or the
uh pilot or the captain um but whoever
it was was in charge somebody's saying
the pilot so I guess that's a different
different person the pilot immediately
um the so let me see if I can get this
right the pilot is who gets on the ship
when you're close to Port right so the
Pilot's not the captain that's somebody
who gets on just for the local the last
the last part of the port trip right
okay so the local
pilot um immediately called the uh
police or the harbor or somebody and uh
the police immediately this is this is
the impressive part the police it looked
like they could tell maybe they have a
map of where all their vehicles are but
they could tell which police officers
were closer to each side of the bridge
so they just very quickly got police
officers on both sides of the bridge and
closed it so that the the the entire
extended time between losing
power and and effectively closing the
bridge from
traffic was 153
seconds that's pretty
good my
God that's like incredible
you know I I hate to say there's
anything good about a
tragedy yeah but um it's worth calling
out that there were a handful of people
who did one hell of a job saving lives
so let's let's just put that in the not
everything is bad all the time
category all right I've got a question
I've been um fascinated with Mike
covich's takes on legalization of weed
he's uh not so much for the legalization
and one of the things he talks about is
the psychotic breaks that people are
having so people are going to emergency
rooms with just mental breakdowns from
weed now he says that basically all the
medical professionals can confirm this
is happening from the EMTs to the
emergency rooms basically everybody
who's in that part of the world in the
medical world would see it and there's a
lot of it but here's my question why
have I never seen it or even heard of
it does do any of you know anybody who
had a psychotic breakdown from
weed a and if you do do you know that's
all they had and do you know they didn't
have a problem before they took the
weed because I've never heard of it now
one of the reasons I may have never
heard of it is because of you know it
might be a generational thing
I'm I'm pretty sure there was no such
thing when I was a kid or when I was
young I've never heard of it you know
nobody nobody I know had that problem so
one of the filters I use on reality is
if my observation does not match the
claim or the science I put a pin in it
and say okay this I I need my
observation to match it otherwise I'm
not convinced but one of the reasons my
observation might not match
is that in my day we were tougher and
the weed was
weaker so I think we were mentally
tougher in my day maybe every generation
says that I don't know it could be just
an old person thing I'm saying but um I
think we could bounce back from
basically everything easier we we didn't
have our brains just corroded with Tik
Tock all day long so that one more thing
can push you over the
edge right so so maybe that the weed was
weaker and the people were stronger and
that now this is a new thing because the
people are already whacked down on
social media and they're on the edge and
the weed is stronger and it pushes them
over but I would like to put this a
hypothesis out there do you remember
during covid when there were all these
people who they said died of
covid and it turns out that maybe they
died with Co so the correlation could be
backwards which is that people who are
having mental struggles are far more far
more likely to look for Solutions than
people not having any struggle so you
might expect that that group would be
the people who are going to have a
mental break might be looking for weed
because they might be having a mental
break you know they they might know
they're
fragile and it could be that that's the
wrong way to handle it it could be that
they instead of helping it makes it
worse now that would be the difference
between uh indica and sativa so the
other thing I say is if you smoke weed
and you don't really know the difference
between indica and sativa the two major
flavors of of weed because they affect
you differently what one would
definitely give you a mental break I
could see that easily the other one
would make you nap and
happy so the other thing we have to look
at is is everybody who had a mental
break did they do sativa and did they
only do sativa
was was there nothing else in their
system that might have been a
contributing
factor probably not so I I suspect that
some of it is bad
counting but some of it could be because
the weed is stronger and the people are
weaker so it might be true I've just
never seen
it well Stephen A Smith and Mark cubin
are body
switching um at least in the
stereotypical way you know if you were
to say all right tell me how a stere
stereotypical white person thinks and
then tell me how a stereotypical black
person thinks well they just switch
bodies because Stephen A Smith keeps
saying things that make perfect
sense and are not woke and don't seem to
be related to any kind of team play in
other words Stephen A Smith in my view
has escaped The Matrix you know to use
Andrew Tate's terminology I think he's
AE person I he's he's giving opinions
that just sound like a smart person
talking when do you ever see
that in in today's world when's talking
about things that are you know political
topics when do you see somebody who just
smart person talking that's that's how
he comes off to me and I you know I'm
not going to say that the stupid thing I
don't see color because everybody does
but boy is he he's making him self look
good uh so all credit to him for simply
speaking out and it can't be easy
because there must be plenty of people
are giving them a tough time so it's not
easy so let's give them a little credit
for
that so Stephen A Smith is saying that
Equity is basically nonsense and that
you need to work for what you
get uh Mark cubin we'll talk about him
in a moment
separately
um I was asking on X platform who has
the best uh list of
hoaxes cuz I'm getting exhausted
explaining all the same debunks to
people who haven't heard it so I thought
wouldn't it be good just have like not
just a list of hoaxes but you know a
paragraph or two explaining why they're
hoaxes and I realized there isn't any
way to do
it it seems like an easy thing right
well somebody just put together a list
of the hoaxes and then put a little
paragraph explaining what's wrong with
him here's why it's
impossible we don't agree what the
hoaxes
are and you only have to be wrong once
for your whole list to be
debunked so if I ask somebody hey can
you put together a list of hoaxes
there'll be 19 that are definitely
hoaxes in my opinion again the other
problem is it's subjective and then
there will be one that just came from
you know Q andon or
something and I'll be like I can't
really use that because you put that one
poison pill on your list and I believe
if you looked at anybody's list that you
didn't make yourself there'd be a poison
pill subjectively meaning it's something
that you wouldn't want to promote so I
don't think anybody could make me a list
of hoaxes that I could
promote because I'm guaranteeing that at
least one of the things on the list will
be something I look at and go you think
that's a FKS but I think maybe you're
the one who's wrong on this one so
there's actually no way to get there
from here because you couldn't there's
no way you could get any of us to agree
on 20 hoaxes you know you what if you
look at my hoax
list I would say that almost all of you
agree with everything on my list so why
don't we use that
one here's why because the first person
to used it would add one oh you missed
one that's that's what mostly I hear oh
you missed a few
but no I didn't miss them I chose not to
put them because they were a weak and
maybe they're not hoaxes maybe you're
the one getting hoaxed so I'm not saying
that I'm right I'm saying the opposite
of that I'm saying that we can't tell
who's right and so it's impossible for
the political right to make a hoax list
because you would put hoaxes on it and
that's the opposite of a debunk list so
you actually can't get there from from
here because nobody would would agree
with the list is yeah no you can't top
10 isn't going to work
either so I think it's just naturally
unavailable to us which is
weird um speaking of hoxxes would you be
surprised to hear that smart people
think that our jobs data is all made
up no you wouldn't no you wouldn't be
surprised of that at all uh because we
can all see the gears of the machine
we've got a Democrat
government and we've got an election
year and the economy is going to be
among the top things so no there's a
guaranteed uh effect that the Biden
Administration would exaggerate so I'm
looking at an Adrien Norman post and
some of the things he says uh he says
the new data confirms that Biden had
been has been lying about job growth so
here are some of the claims from Adrian
that uh all new jobs since February 23
have been part-time
well I don't know that's not true it's
not all new jobs but it might be the the
difference you know the difference might
be a lot of part-time jobs but certainly
a lot of people got PE people who
switched jobs certainly got into
full-time work in many cases um and 5
million unemployed workers simply don't
exist so they just erase unemployed
people so they don't have to count them
and the average monthly payroll increase
in 23 was just 13 30,000 so basically
the the idea is that in a variety of
ways in a variety of ways those numbers
are faked does anybody doubt that now I
don't know if these specific examples
are you know giving the full
picture but I believe it yeah I don't
think I don't think any major numbers
from the government are real
none because we really can't measure
anything
complicated did you know that
we don't have the ability as human
beings to measure anything complicated
we really can't tell if the economy is
doing better or
worse you really can't now I I always
look at remember I told you probably
started saying this five years ago if
there's one thing you could look at to
know if the economy is doing well what
did I always say I said well there's one
there's one gold standard variable you
can look at that's the one that is the
one that will tell you where we're
going
employment so now I feel like a big old
dope because the employment months
aren't even real it I told you it was
the only thing that you could that you
could depend on for telling you if the
economy is okay and apparently you can't
depend on that either that's the the
last thing you could depend on just
disappeared because we know it's a
lie I suppose if you saw a lot of
unemployed people who had qualifications
for jobs um that would be a problem let
me ask you how many of you know a
long-term unemployed person who has a
skill I don't know
any do any of you know any
long-term
unemployed with a
skill do you know
any cuz I would think that our current
economy would allow zero of them to
exist oh somebody was saying it's
yourself yeah is it do you have a skill
that doesn't work where you live did
something
change there's a programmer there's a
long-term unemployed
programmer
Really Scott said inflation was going to
be fine but no I never said
that most of the things I get criticized
for are literally hallucinations
somebody's saying that I said that
inflation would be fine because of job
numbers that's the opposite the if the
if jobs are good that's bad for
inflation I never would have said what
you what you hallucinated I said how did
you hallucinate that that's the opposite
of Economics literally anybody knows
that and you think I said the opposite
of
that check your yourself
anyway so we can't trust that Larry
David uh was on CNN having a TDS moment
but uh there's a thing I do that I
recommend to you if you see somebody you
know is having a TDS moment or somebody
you know is going to lie watch it first
with the sound off and then see if you
can find the moment where they're lying
and I'll tell you how and then play it
with the sound on and see if you spotted
it so I did that I've been doing that
lately so I did that with the Larry
David thing so I turned it off and I
watched his his eyes so his eyes were
mostly furled down and he would be like
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah you could tell he was angry
you know like actually angry not just
talking and then he suddenly opened his
eyes as and he goes blah blah blah blah
blah so I I stop and I go back to hear
what's the difference between the open
eyes and the closed eyes the closed eyes
were his opinion on Trump as a
person is his opinion A Lie No opinions
are not lies opinions are not lies so
his face was compatible with his opinion
he said oh he's a terrible terrible baby
eating cannibal or whatever he said and
his eyes were very compatible with that
and then he said eyes
open because he tried to take over the
world and ruined democracy that's been
here for 250,000 years or 250
years and and as soon as he said the LIE
which by the way I think he knows is a
lie on some level on some level I think
they all know that's a lie his eyes open
and and you can see it more easily here
like if you don't know mes the eyes
opening look for the wrinkled brows I I
saw two of them yesterday one was some
guest on MSNBC and you could do the same
experiment with both of them as soon as
the eyes go up what are you saying oh an
obvious
lie you think he knows maybe he knows
well LeBron James neighbors got a
squatter so there's a squatter house a
couple doors down from LeBron James in
the same neighborhood as uh Seth
McFarland and some some other famously
Democrat
people and um the shocking thing is not
that LeBron's uh
neighbor um is a squatter the shocking
thing is that when LeBron went to walk
his dog uh squatters moved into his
house yeah so LeBron got some squatters
in his house just cuz he walked the dog
they just saw him leave they ran right
in and took over so now they live there
but that's not really the most that's
not the worst part the worst part is
that the
Lakers actually gave the squatter 35
minutes a game so now the squatter is
going to be playing for the Lakers and
uh we'll be receiving all of uh LeBron's
pay no that didn't happen that didn't
really happen there's no squatters in
LeBron's house but wouldn't it be funny
if there were
I think we could all agree it would be
funny if there
were I think I told you the Washington
Post has gone down 43% since they
canceled
me just a coincidence well it's not the
only entity that's gone down a lot in
the past year there's also the Daily
Beast that's way off oh they also
canceled me huh it turns out that
everything that canceled is down by 40%
to
80% well I did pretty well while they
were doing all being canceled things are
going great for me let's see is there
anything else that's embarrassing the
Washington
posts um oh yeah one of their reporters
Taylor Loren you hear a lot about her uh
she attended a PornHub award ceremony
where she was filmed dancing uh while
wearing her
mask
now she was dancing like a lane from
Seinfeld you know Elaine from seidenfeld
the the famous dance scene where you
can't watch her the only thing that
could make aaine from Seinfeld a worst
dancer is wearing a
mask now I don't know if you've ever
danced in any kind of a
club but seeing the face of the person
you're dancing with
is kind of essential to the whole
process all right so here's the
difference if you're not wearing a mask
and you're dancing like
this which was sort of how she was
dancing you look like a bad
dancer but if you're wearing a mask and
you're doing this you look a little bit
more like a serial
killer am I right you put a mask on me
imagine me doing this
I'd be running in the other direction
like I don't know what that's
about so she went to a PornHub award and
danc like a lane from sandfeld with a
mask on that looked like a serial killer
and
um Washington Post is having a great
week is what I'm
saying well the payouts on the xplatform
Apparently are way
up um so a lot of people are saying
they're getting multiples of what they
got before now these are the payments
for accounts that are big enough to be
monetized and they have lots of comments
so you get paid if there's good
advertisements in the comments and I
guess the the amount went up um so I
just checked because I saw the news
people were saying hey it went way up I
checked mine and it did go way up so
mine mine is a maybe three times more
than it was Prior
months with roughly the same traffic
probably
but three times as much payment uh so
that's the good news now I'm not
positive about this next fact but I know
that I lost my blue check when I changed
my profile
picture because it takes several days to
make sure you're really the same person
and not somebody taking over the account
and I think I was
demonetized during the period it was
only maybe a little over a week or
something I think I was
demonetized so at the current rate of
monetization the price for me to change
my profile
picture would be about $ to
$4,000 to just to change my profile
picture would cost me3 to
$4,000 accidentally which is what I did
accidentally so I accidentally charged
myself several thousand dollars just to
change the picture and when I changed it
I looked at it and go huh
yeah I don't really love that I think
I'll change it back so if I change it
back it's G to be another like
$3,000 so so I might be at like $77,000
just for changing my profile
picture that's suboptimal I might be
wrong about that but it looks like
that's what happened I think when I
changed the profile I lost the check and
I think losing the check loses
temporarily the the
monetization well lizo said she got so
much bad feedback from singing at that
performance for the three presidents for
the
fundraiser that
uh what she say uh I'm starting to feel
like the world doesn't want me in it I'm
constantly up against lies being told
about me for clout and Views being the
butt of the joke every single time
because of how I look my character being
picked apart by people who don't know me
and disrespecting my name I didn't sign
sign up for this I quit
now do you really think that she's
quitting
entertainment I don't think
so I think she's just making social
media hey and act the out and I'm sure
she didn't enjoy it but no I don't think
she's going to
quit do you that doesn't seem like real
news to me I think the I quit is more of
an exasperation than an actual career
move well did he
apparently out of jail I I don't think
he was ever in jail and I don't know how
that works but um the claims about him
are
humorously
terrible I mean they're so
terrible
um that I don't know what's real and
what's not so I'll just tell you what is
being reported in various places but
don't assume any of this is is real
innocent to proven
guilty but the claim is that 1999 or so
when he was with Jennifer Lopez JLo they
were dating and they went to a club and
they had JLo hold his gun just in case
something went down and he need to kill
somebody well it turns out it's a good
thing he brought JLo to carry his a gun
and be his gun mule as he liked to say
apparently because uh some stuff went
down and uh at least one witness say
that Diddy pulled the trigger and shot
three people and then they escaped and
then he he's allegedly bragging that he
got away with murder because he bribed
Witnesses and and jurors to get his AC
quiddle do you think any of that's true
do you think he actually shot three
people in front of a room full of
witnesses and bribed enough of them that
he didn't get
convicted
maybe it's it's it's within the realm of
things that could have happened I know
it's pretty wild
um so people are saying that he he
admits it privately so I don't know
about that so you can't believe the
hearsay stuff but
maybe all right there was a I think I
may have mentioned there was a big study
in which they ask people uh what do you
think of this policy and doesn't matter
what the policy is just some political
thing in the news and then people would
look at it and they would judge it and
then they would do a second test with
different people in which they would say
all right here's the Democrat plan and
here's the Republican plan and it turns
out that if you tell them their team
likes something they will like it even
if they wouldn't have liked it before
they knew whose idea was and the effect
is gigantic and instant so you can get
70% of people to change their mind just
instantly if if you say this is what
your team
thinks now does that does that match
what you experience and observe in the
world does 70% of observers will
immediately just take the side of their
team it does all right now I think I'm
getting the 70% wrong because it's
there's some other numbers involved but
it's about that big like the effect of
it is at least half and it's instant and
it happens every time you you could
reproduce this forever it would just
happen I I've seen versions of this
study I think chel de did something like
this uh a version of this but yeah this
is consistent every time they test it
you get the same thing so the way I say
this is that people don't come up with
opinions their opinions are assigned to
them because they learn of their their
team's opinion by watching the news and
then the News tells them that their side
is always right and their team all
agrees and then just immediately they
they take that
side there's some picture going by that
looks relevant let me look at
that okay I don't know what that's about
little side conversation there all right
so keep this in mind when I talk about
my next story so this is my theme for
the day that you think you're dealing
with a critical thinkers but you're
really not and this is the first thing
you learn when you learn hypnosis first
thing you
learn is that um people make up their
minds first and then they come up with
tortured explanations of why they did it
but the thinking follows the
decision U most of you were raised to
believe that people think about things
and then make decisions nothing like
that's ever been shown to be true every
study on the topic everyone 100% show
that the thinking happens after the the
decision no exceptions you could ask Sam
Harris you could ask anybody anybody who
studied brains and
psychology every single thing shows the
same thing we are not thinking creatures
we are rationalizing creatures that's
it so watching Bill marah's journey to
reality has uh been fascinating because
uh he being a normal human being will be
influenced by his team but but
uniquely he he tries to be an
independent thinker by his brand so he's
got some protection and that he has a
long history of disagreeing with his own
team not everybody can do that but he
has and for a long time and lots of
different topics so so he has a little
bit of psychological protection against
team thinking because he has a brand
that includes not being a team thinker
so he he can he can make his opinion
make sense with who he is because who he
is is an open-minded person and he's got
a long history of it so that does give
him a
psychological uh bullwark against being
hypnotized but it's not
perfect it's not
perfect because he still believes that
it's a fact that we know and everybody
knows who's smart that the election in
2020 was not
rigged
now if if you were thinking of this from
you know starting from first principles
and trying to figure out what's true do
you think you could ever come to that
opinion that you know for sure any
election is not
rigged and I would suggest that the next
time you run into somebody who says they
know they know they know the 2020
election was fair they know it I would
like you to say this how do you know it
well you know how the answer will be
because the courts looked at lots of
claims and not a single one was found to
have any you know impact on the election
of
scale right everybody will say that
because that's what the news told them
to say did they come up with that reason
on their own no they watched the news
and people kept saying that no court
found it's true no court found it so it
must be completely true that the the
election is fair now when somebody tells
you that that because the court said it
didn't happen you can know with
certainty it did not
happen ask them if OJ is
guilty yeah just just sit on that for a
moment as soon as you hear that no court
found him that there was anything wrong
with the election therefore definitely
was
fair was OJ definitely innocent because
the court did didn't find him
guilty because that's that's literally
Bill Mah's argument that if the court
didn't find you guilty that's proof that
there was no
crime how in the world could you be a
modern thinking
human in civilization in
2024 and think that you could know one
way or another oh I guess you could know
if it's rigged if you found the rigging
which hasn't been found in in the way
that a court has confirmed but you can't
know if you don't find it if you don't
find it and you also know it's a
complicated
system how in the world do you say you
know it was true so this is a case where
Bill marah's Journey um is impressive
because I do think he's genuinely one of
the most open-minded people in political
life I think that's a fair thing to say
but it's a tough Journey because the
brainwashing is
real th this was be a case of just pure
brainwashing and I've told you before
that intelligence doesn't protect you
from
brainwashing and the difference between
this it was an Insurrection and it
wasn't an Insurrection is
brainwashing
now when I say
brainwashing I know a lot of people who
do not have experience in this realm
think I'm using some kind of
hyperbole no literally brainwashing
literally people sitting in a room and
saying how will we convince the public
to believe something that's obviously
not true well let's do this and this and
this and get our people to say that and
we will brainwash the public into
thinking that the obvious is not true
well when you see that somebody believes
that they know the election was fair
which is clearly unknowable in any
modern human with a brain know should
know that and we should all know it's
unknowable and yet they firmly cling to
the fact that they can know it that's
brainwashing because it's patently
absurd it's not an opinion it's not an
opinion that the that uh you're sure the
election was fair that's not an opinion
that is nonsense that's an impossibility
that you claimed was
possible well but Bill Mah is still
quite a jewel because he said in his uh
mon his uh monologue he said this is
American and a nutshell they the
Democrats have this big fundraiser there
they have ex-presidents singers dancers
lizo they raised $26
million Trump sold Twitter for idiots
that's what he's calling true social
Twitter for idiots on the stock market
and made5 billion sitting at home
sitting at
home so Bill Mah is quite aware that the
lawfare strategy is having the opposite
effect as
intended because there's no way in the
world that true social uh IPO would have
gone that way without the lawfare in my
opinion if Trump were just running for
president people would have looked at it
as an investment as opposed to what
they're looking at it
now I think people look at true social
as the way that they as Citizens can
correct an injustice as they say it so
if you put $1,000 into it maybe a
thousand you could afford to lose or you
know you're hoping you don't lose it but
you could afford it uh that's that's a
vote for correcting the
system that's that's not anything about
the investment quality of the the
property but I do I do I really actually
am impressed and I respect the public
for propping up that stock in such an
artificial way uh to make something
better is literally to make something
better in their in their
view well I've been telling you the food
supply is poison uh here's some evidence
of that so there's this group moms
Across America and they tested a bunch
of cereals and surprise surprise they
found it filled with
poisons literally
poison remember when I say the food
supply is poison and and people say well
there's some
hyperbole nope actual poison now not
poison that says poison on the bottle
you know that you use to kill people but
things that are not good for you for
example oh actually arsenic is one of
them I'm sorry take that back I was
about to say that they're not literally
poison they're just pollutants that are
bad for you but one of the things is
arsenic literally poison and and there's
also some fertilizers literally poison
you know for plants and weeds but it's
in you so let's see uh they found in
children's cereal heavy metals arsenic
aluminum cadmium eight different
pesticides including ones that are known
to change sex hormones that was all in
one cereal
box and the testing reveals according to
them that General Mills tricks that's a
cereal is actually loaded with heavy
metals and pesticides artificial dyes
preservatives chemicals um we found
Arsenic and cadmium up to 400% higher
than what the EPA allows in drinking
water we found aluminum levels to be
over a th% higher than what the APA
allows in drinking water and we found
glyphosate now glyphosate I believe is
the weed killer right and people are
concerned about that making it into the
food supply it says we found that
glyphosate levels
158 to
174 times higher than has been shown in
animal studies to cause sex hormones
change and organ
damage it's 100 and let's say I'll take
M Mill range it's about 160 times higher
than the amount we know will cause sex
hormone changes in
animals you worried about
that um if they found eight different
pesticides and one of them is used in
one of them is used in in shampoo to
kill
lice the other one is a fungicide known
to cause endocrine disruption and
hormone disruption even at very low
levels now this is you know cereal of
course is a highly processed food do you
know what they didn't
mention
Sugar
Sugar they didn't even mention sugar not
because it's not dangerous but you know
the sugar is listed right on the label
you don't have to look for it so they
were looking for the things that are not
listed on the label and they found all
this but the sugar is probably just as
dangerous I mean it's certainly up there
with uh certainly some amount of sugar
could disrupt your your your
hormones is that a fair statement
there's some amount of
sugar that would disrupt your hormones
so you've got a whole bunch of hormone
disruptors in various ways just in a box
of cereal that's just one thing that
that's just your your kids's
breakfast the kid has just started
eating it's just the first thing you put
in your mouth what about the rest of the
day now I remind you again and I'm I'll
probably just keep saying this
forever my entire life changed in the
past 12 months when I stopped eating
processed foods and cut down on sugar uh
I thought that I was just at an age
where everything hurt all the time
everything hurt all the time everything
in my body was sore and hurt all of that
went away all of it I don't have any
inflammation I I I drifted down in
weight to my ideal weight with no
dieting I drifted with no effort and no
no willpower I ate all day long as much
as I wanted I just ate things that were
Whole Foods that's it I I would have
broccoli with uh nothing you know
steamed broccoli it's delicious when you
get used to it so you should I would
recommend really recommend that you do
an experiment with your own body if
you're having any kind of issues take
two weeks to a month in which you only
eat clean don't do bread don't do wheat
and by the way I don't know if those
things are bad for you I'm just saying
reduce it to the smallest number of
foods that are just completely Whole
Foods and not from restaurants
restaurants are full of sauces and
whatnot that you don't know what's in
them but if you I think and a number of
people did the experiment and felt
completely different in two weeks
completely different I mean I'm I'm a it
took 20 years off my
age in terms of how I feel not not how I
look but it probably took 20 years off
my age think about that just food just
Chang my
diet
right Elon musos is sounding the alarm
on Italy's population collapse so
apparently their number of births in
2023 was the
lowest since
1861 they had only 379,000 births they
had a lot of immigration but not a lot
of
bursts what is causing that well there's
a viral video where somebody was saying
hey what's wrong with young men in
particular and the young man went on a
screech about the economics of being a
young person today you can't afford a
house can't afford a wife can't afford a
kid why are you surprised that
reproduction is
falling what would surprise you about
that and then then you add our health
problems and our food is poison and you
know alcohol is poison and all the other
things we're doing with social media um
and then we look at each other
and we've all gotten
fatter and less attractive to each other
and we've also become politically
polarized so that whatever whatever your
dating possibilities were 20 years ago
they're half now because half of the
country won't won't date you for sure
right so a full 50% of all the people
you could have had a baby with are no
longer available to you because if you
voted for Trump every everybody who
doesn't like him is not going to mate
with you that's for sure and vice versa
right so we've actually cut in half in
the last seven years the people you
could even possibly reproduce with how
is that not going to have an effect and
then you take away the ability to earn
enough money to have a good living or
you know good life so we have some
pretty deep structural problems that
guarantee we will go in a business as a
country unless we fix them but I think
we will so the Adams law of slow-moving
disasters suggests that we're seeing
this one coming plenty of time to fix it
I don't know what the fix will be that's
always the surprise but yeah when we
have this kind of problem the world has
a basically a 100% success rate it's
only the stuff that sneaks up on us
we're bad at pandemics we were very bad
at the pandemic but uh stuff we see
coming for a long time usually the
markets adjust and people adjust so
we'll
see um religion is shrinking in
importance in American life people are
going to church less and believe less
that probably has an effect on
reproduction because the religious
people tend to like to form families and
have kids as soon as possible and that's
got to have an effect so basically 100%
of all the trends in America are
anti-pop
so we've got Trends toward improving
birth control I'm not saying I'm against
that but it reduces the number of
unplanned pregnancies at least we've got
the uh you know the social media turning
kids uh from hetero into something
else and that's got to reduce the number
of kids where social media is training
them that having a kid is a losing
proposition so that's got to have an
effect
so and then yeah the food probably makes
us less capable of reproducing in every
way every trend is moving away from
human population but isn't it weird that
it's happening the same time that robots
are coming online but what are the odds
that after you know 300,000 years of
humanlike evolution that at the same
time we forgot how to have babies robots
are coming online the same
time the odds against that were very low
weren't they or are they related somehow
I don't
know anyway um there's a startup that's
making uh seafood and of not fish so
they make it look and taste and have the
texture of seafood even even uh
Sushi um but it's made out of you know
various vegetable byproducts or
something like something organic they
shoved together and I would say uh once
again I make the vegetarian comment I'm
not a vegetarian I'm a pescatarian but I
have a little insight because I was a
vegetarian for a long time do not make
your vegetables look like dead animals
and then ask me to put them in my mouth
no because the early adopters of a
seafood that's not really Seafood should
be
vegetarians and then you make it the one
way a vegetarian doesn't want anything
to do with it right now I wasn't a
regular vegetarian because for me it was
just for selfish reasons just for my own
health I wasn't trying to save the
animals because I thought that was
impossible but if you are a vegetarian
who wants to save the animals and the
thought just the mental thought of
eating an animal is more than you can
handle why would you make your primary
First adopter Market that would love to
have a protein op option that they don't
have why would you make it exactly the
thing they don't want to put in their
mouth uh this will remind you of eating
a dead animals
flesh I I I don't understand it now they
think they can sell it to restaurants
and I don't know maybe but uh here's
what I'd like I want you to give me a
protein
source that I can either grow in my own
home Garden so I can make protein at
home or or just say it's a new
food and put it in some form that I want
to put in my mouth but doesn't look like
a fish doesn't have to look like a
fish could look like broccoli as long as
they had
protein all right here's something that
I know that not everybody
knows it's not possible to get a fair
trial for any January 6 people because
the entire world has been
brainwashed brainwashed not hyperbole
actual
literal specific technical
brainwashing and it's not really
possible to get a judge or a jury or
even the
witnesses to give you a fair
trial and I think this might actually be
worth a test somewhere I I don't know
how you would test that like a challenge
because I've never seen a situation
where it really literally would be
impossible to get a fair trial for any
of the defendants but much less Trump I
mean Trump doesn't have a chance of a
fair
trial and the reason I know that is
because I am a hypnotist so when I watch
you get brainwashed I can tell it's
happening but you can't tell it's
happening would you agree with that
statement I I'm I'm trained so I can
tell when you're being
hypnotized but you can't tell because
that's how it works brainwashing you
don't know what's happening to you you
just think you made up your own mind so
I observe and it's very obvious to me
and clear that the January 6 thing like
Russia collusion before it and the fine
people hoax and the drinking bleach hoax
and all the rest that these are
brainwashing
operations and when you see the you know
the bill Mars Etc who have really good
brains and are very well informed even
they get brainwashed so when I look at
Bill Maher I look at a a brainwashing
victim who's incapable in this one topic
of being
rational you know in the OJ was guilty
too you think but court didn't find him
guilty
so I see it as clearly as you could see
anything just because I have that
specific
Talent here's here's an analogy um I've
played tennis all my life so if I see a
movie about a tennis player it takes me
about one second to realize that's not a
real tennis player it's an actor playing
tennis if you had never played tennis
you might think oh they found an actor
who can hit pretty well too nope no if
you know tennis you know that that's
just acting and that ball definitely
didn't go over the court they just
showed somebody you know swinging and
then later you see the ball you yeah no
you didn't really hit that
ball so the same way that I can tell a
tennis player is not a real tennis
player I can tell when your opinion
didn't come from your thinking because
I'm trained to do it I I I've seen it I
know what the face looks like I know
what words you're going to choose I know
how it was done I watched every step of
the process and I watched my fellow
citizens be brainwashed by evil
forces now the rest of you are sort of
accepting this let's say intellectually
you're like well you know I see what
you're saying and you know I I kind of
maybe believe you if if if you think I'm
credible but you didn't see it I watched
it I watched it like I was watching a
car wreck I I watched every part of the
process hey that's brainwashing you're
still you're still do it hey it's oh no
it's
working yeah as soon as we were told
that protests were uh riots and they
were insurrections that's all it All
Began began with the word definition
changes all right
so why is it that the rest of the
country doesn't know they were
brainwashed because it
worked yeah if you talk to somebody who
vehemently disagrees that they were
brainwashed it's because it worked
that's why they're vehement about it
they wouldn't be
vehement if if it were not brainwashing
if if they had simply come to their own
opinion by thinking it through they
wouldn't get real angry when you said
they were brainwashed for example let
let's say that bill Mo had not been
brainwashed and I'd say hey Bill you
know I see what you're saying about
there's no evidence that the you no
confirmed evidence by the courts that
the election was
rigged and then you say but you realize
you know same thing with OJ right like
the court didn't find him guilty but you
probably think he's guilty so why don't
you take that thinking and apply it to
the election which is so complicated
that nobody even involved those if it's
riged they
couldn't now if I said that to someone
who was not brainwashed what would
happen they would immediately change
their
opinion immediately because the because
the point is so solid there is no
defense against the OJ
argument right unless you're going to
tell me you're positive that he was
innocent and I know that let's say Bill
Mar on positive he would not say that so
once you're sure that that the courts
are not your source of what's true
they're simply part of the legal system
that does its best as soon as you know
that you could easily apply it to the
election and everything else you know
certainly Bill Mah's brain works great
and he could do that so that's how you
know it's brainwashing because it it's
not brainwashing unless it can get
people people like Bill
Maher some somebody whose brain actually
works and has a long track record of
being able to see multiple sides of an
issue if it gets him it's
brainwashing um so he's kind of the
canaran the coal mine between what is
brainwashing and what is just the
difference of
opinion because there's lots of things
that bill Mah would say that would be
just a difference of priority maybe a
difference of opinion and you can still
argue with it but you wouldn't say it's
brainwashing you just say oh you have
higher priorities or maybe you saw
something I didn't see that sort of
thing all right um four major Canadian
school boards are saying that Tik Tok
met and Snapchat have in their words
rewired students thinking and so there's
a new lawsuit trying to get rid of them
in four Canadian
places
um and
so here's what uh here's what I think we
need I feel like we need more people
trained in
Persuasion because people like me are
not numerous enough to make any
difference so I can tell you hey hey
it's obvious with my training I can see
that you brainwashed on this
Insurrection thing but I'm one person
I've been cancelled you know I don't
really make a
dent but if you had lots of people
trained they would all say the same
thing
by the way there wouldn't be any
difference of opinion everybody trained
would have the same opinion just like
every professional tennis player could
easily spot somebody who is acting like
a tennis player everyone 100% would
nobody would be a different opinion they
would just have to be trained in the
skill so maybe that's what we need to do
well suppose we trained a bunch of
online influencers so they could tell
you what's true and what isn't they
could tell you when you're getting
brainwashed and when you're not that
would be useful we just need more people
who have the skill so they can help the
others
out all right here's Fox pole asked
citizens to identify Biden's most
significant achievement and 38% of the
respondents couldn't think of anything
38% of people they asked couldn't think
of anything Biden did that
helped now do you understand my point
the other day where the Biden
campaign uh has a Formula First they
tell an outrageous lie and then they
tell you that and they tell you it's a
success when it wasn't and then they
tell you that the reason for the success
that didn't actually happen was the
policies but they never connect what was
it about that policy that could have
possibly had any impact and if you do
they'll say well the
infrastructure and then you say okay but
can you really connect that all the way
to the things that are happening in the
economy I mean can you list the projects
and how much money the infrastructure
project has brought in and and can you
track that all the way to things are
better and the answer is
no there's no connection between what um
there's literally no connection between
what Biden says he did and what's
happening in the real world well well uh
the uh the Moon the Moon is not moving
the tides as much as it used to
thanks to my policies well it looks like
climate change is an existential risk
but during my term the temperatures have
not gone up that much thanks to my
policies he he just says thanks to my
policies but never explains how they
would have any impact on anything thanks
to my policies and then when you ask
people what did he actually
do they imagine that they've heard
things but they can't mention one
because they didn't hear any things
yeah so he's actually doing the fake
because where he's saying something that
sounds like a reason but
isn't because my policies is not any
kind of a reason for anything it's just
words in the sentence but because the
words in the sentence sound like other
things that were reasons for other
things your pattern recognition picks
that up as a reason that this is
chelini so chelini found out that if you
just say what I call a f
because you say uh why should you do
this for me well because if you don't
the FED will find out and youd be like
okay I don't know what any of that means
but it sounded like a reason okay yeah
if something sounds like the pattern of
a reason people think they heard one but
and and Biden is using that yeah uh the
uh the employment rate is really good
because of my
policies which ones
which ones is it your policy of letting
unlimited competition for jobs into the
country was that the policy that made
employment good how that's the opposite
that's the opposite how
yeah so that would uh explain why people
think Biden is awesome even though they
can't think of a reason for it they
imagine they heard a reason because the
structure of the sentences just like in
llm
can
hallucinate and uh and then they saw
that their team agreed with them so they
thought it must be
true all right Mike Benz reminds us that
goo Google has always been basically uh
an intelligence asset from the start now
I can't confirm any of that myself but
he seems to be right about everything
else Mike Ben says but the IDE the idea
is that the government basically worked
with them really
early to help them
succeed uh for example I guess Google
Maps comes from a government satellite
stuff so the government was uh pretty
Cooperative with the beginnings of
Google and the thinking is that what
they wanted was to be able to find the
birds of a feather this is Mike's take
birds of a feather meaning if they could
find people who had similar activities
and interests it would tell you more
about the public and you could find bad
guys I guess so Google was identified
very early by the intelligence people
allegedly um as something that if it
became a big thing they better get in on
influencing it from the start
so do you think that Google um is
dangerous well let me give you an
example um the reports that Google
changed the search results for the word
bloodbath because they were trying to do
a some brainwashing that Trump was
wanting violence but he'd used bloodbath
about the car industry not about
violence and they changed their search
results so the bloodbath word only means
violence now I can't confirm that that
happened I just saw it online somebody
showed screenshot but it probably did I
mean I believe it because it would be in
pattern now if you found out that the
that Google is working mostly with
intelligence people which means
Democrats in this context and you found
out that they changed the name of a the
the definition of a word in their search
results to be more compatible with the
brainwashing what does that tell you
about
Google Everything You suspected was
exactly true everything and you remember
that Dr Epstein not the not the Epstein
Island guy but a different Epstein um he
did research and found out that could
totally change people's votes by what
search results they got and apparently
it can be demonstrated in a robust way
that Google can just change your vote by
by sending you things that would do that
so if Google can change your vote
directly by manipulating SE searches if
they can change the definition of an
actual word to support
brainwashing and if they are in fact um
actually a creation of the intelligence
units one assumes they would still have
a lot of
control
um which would also explain something
else that I
saw uh I saw the early some early video
of uh the founders of Google and what I
was expecting was to see like a a young
Bill Gates or a young Steve Jobs and by
that I mean oh wow you can you can see
how smart they are you know you you can
certainly see that the seeds of their
success were already there I didn't
really see that with the Google
Founders my my first thought was did
they get some
help and the answer is yes they got some
help I suspect that 100% of every
business that matters to the
intelligence Community is owned by the
intelligence Community everything that
doesn't matter is untouched because it's
irrelevant but everything that
matters that was going to change how you
think about your world they they
probably have all of it by now except
for x and people are saying that X is
looking suspicious now I don't know that
but I mean I do trust that musk is not
working with the intelligence
communities but could they have some
other way to get in I don't
know Edwards not in is posting that uh
and I've seen these stories I didn't
know what to believe so I waited a
little bit but there is evidence that
the FBI is sending agents to knock on
your door just ordinary American
citizens because you criticize the White
House's Gaza policy
online and there appear to be videos and
strong evidence that that's actually
happening and one of the was quoted one
of the FBI agents was quoted saying that
we do this all day long that that
there's some group of people who was
permanent job is to knock on your door
because you posted things that the
government doesn't like about Israel and
Gaza is that
true like I'm having trouble believing
that one because you know it's a little
too on the
nose yeah I mean I've seen the
videos I've seen the videos it looks
true I'm not going to say it's not true
but wow it's like my mind can't even
hold that
yeah that's how far we've we've gone
wow meanwhile the three presidents when
they got together for the fundraiser
Biden stands there between uh Obama and
Pelosi and says to the camera in this
very important event while Obama
ex-president is standing right next to
him that Trump said you should drink
bleach
now how could you think you could get
away with that one of the most debunked
hoaxes in all of the
world and there is one
reason Biden's Biden's voters have never
seen that debunk so he can say it like
it's a
fact unfuckingbelievable
apparently in the same event he said the
fine people hoax
again how does his audience not
know I'll say his voters how do they not
know that's the most
debunked hoax in all of American
politics and and he's he's so
confident that there's no connection
between the information and his audience
that he can say that without any risk
and Obama can stand there and not react
to it like yeah that works that's
fine
well um have you noticed that the strong
communicators um who might be let's say
leaning Pro Trump have been completely
eliminated from the
news has anybody noticed when was the
last time you saw me on
CNN because I used to be I used to be on
CNN I used to be um interviewed by
everybody big
newspapers when it was last time I was
interviewed by anybody except an obvious
Republican
person well I mean zuie doesn't count
because he's from uh he's not from
America but in
America the the left leaning world has
completely siloed me now I've told you
that on the xplatform probably because
of block lists that the Democrats use I
think not sure but I don't reach any
Democrats anymore so I'll never be asked
to do anything on a Democrat leaning
platform but also the things I do on
another platform which should be open to
everybody they don't get to see now I
didn't know if this was just me but I
saw uh Joel Pollock say uh he posted
this you don't see me on the big
networks whether to discuss us politics
or Israel I was last on NPR in 2016 CNN
in 2017 MSNBC in 2018 and on Fox in 2020
on the geld show
um NPR and CNN don't want effective
conservatives MSNBC doesn't want
Republicans and fox doesn't want
competition because he works for
Breitbart
so who who is one of the best
communicators in the public sphere on
the questions of Gaza and Trump and
Israel Joel what one of the very
smartest clearest communicators gone IR
red now I'm going to say this just
because you know my audience knows me
well enough that I can say this I'm one
of the best communicators in the
world I'm just waiting for a
reaction it's true and it's not because
I'm awesome it's because I compile the
right set of skills persuasion is
important and on top of that I practice
a lot and I've reached a certain age
where I have a lot of practice so uh
I am one of the best communicators in
the whole world but I'm completely shut
off from communicating Joel in my
opinion is one of the best communicators
in the
world in the world like you won't see
somebody explain something better on a
topic you didn't know about how about
Steve Cortez who used to work on CNN
until he debunked the fine people hoax
on on the air live boom off the air how
good a communicator is Steve
Cortez really really good in fact he put
together an amazing video about the fine
people
hoax in fact I think he would be someone
that they should consider as a press
secretary he's that
good so um look for this pattern look
for the strongest communicators being
completely shut out um from the other
side now remember the ra McDaniel story
she was cut out not because she
disagreed with them she just would have
a story that they didn't want their
viewers to hear and the excuse they used
is well you can't you can't treat lying
about the Insurrection like anything
else I mean that's different from all
the other and Hyperbole and
lies no that's the one that matters just
that one thing and by the way she
changed I think she changed her mind on
it at least once which is usually a good
sign so yeah anybody who's who uh
threatens to give them any useful
information will be
eliminated Greg Abbott tells people
publicly on X that in Texas anyone
squatting in your home is breaking the
law and they are criminals violating the
the law and blah blah blah and also the
Texas castle doctrine empowers Texans to
use Force to defend themselves and their
property do you believe that do you
believe that if you're in Texas somebody
squats in your house and then you use
Force to remove them you think you're
fine I
don't I don't believe
that not for a second at the very least
you'd be sued for um in you know for a
civil lawsuit and lose everything if you
hurt them you know even if there was no
arrest you still get sued and lose
everything
out so other people were pushing back
and saying um not in the real world in
the real world you can't just take your
gun and start blazing away at the
squatters right you're going to be in a
lot of trouble if you hurt anybody for
any reason now I do I do get the concept
you know he's not wrong about the
concept and it might be very useful to
you know scare the squatters into
thinking they could be shot but in the
real world
2024 you can't just pull out your gun
and start mowing down squatters I just
don't think that's
real but I I like his attitude but I
just think it's maybe not
practical there's also a uh video that's
viral of uh some people in Mexico
apparently there was somebody who
kidnapped and then killed a little girl
and uh the authorities were not going to
do anything to the guilty couple a man
and a woman who kidnapped a little girl
ended up killing her and the authorities
didn't take care of
it so because the authorities didn't
take care of it even though they knew
exactly who the guilty people were the
uh the guilty people walked free and
they lived their life in
peace no CU it's Mexico and it's not the
United states do you know what happened
to him at least the wife you know one of
the murderers uh was uh beaten to death
uh by a
crowd and nobody tried to stop
it entire crowd watched the guy beat her
to
death and everybody was pretty good with
that nobody tried to stop it and they
were all there to watch her
die and I hate to say it but I watched
it with
some Terri
enjoyment like boy did I hate myself I
watched it from beginning to end I I
wanted to
watch I I'll be honest I'll be honest I
wanted to watch Vigilantes murder
somebody
slowly and I enjoyed it every bit of
it I'm not proud of that I am not proud
of that but it's
true I watched every bit of it because I
wanted that woman to be tortured
and killed because she earned
it you know with her husband I hope they
get him too but oh I hope I don't get
kicked off of social media for saying
that don't do anything violent don't do
anything violent it never pays off you
know even the person who did it has to
live with that so don't do anything
violent all
right um let's talk about Mark cubin he
was on Lex
fredman and he was explaining his
thoughts about
Dei and he thinks that
Dei could be bad if you implemented it
wrong but that would be common to any
plan now what do you think of that so
far that if de Dei is implemented wrong
yes it could be bad but if you implement
it right and I'll I'll explain what
right looks like in a moment it'd be
fine are we good so far is that is that
a reasonable statement
so far good I'm with that anything that
you implement wrong is going to be bad
but let's talk about what happens if you
implement it right is that all
good well um Mark said that there are no
quotas and the quotas are
illegal is that your is that your
observation of the real world the hiring
quotas are
illegal not in the real world in the
real world they're
mandatory where where does he think that
they're illegal they're mandatory they
might be illegal but they're also
mandatory if you're working for a big
company and your boss says you need to
improve your
diversity but he doesn't say there's a
quota there's a
quota everybody gets that right your
boss says you need more of it and you
know you're at this level and you know
our Target is we want something that's
represent representative of the public
so everybody knows what the percentage
needs to be right everybody knows that
if they don't get their 133% black
employees that they didn't reach their
quot that doesn't
exist now do you think that Mark
Cuban doesn't know that in the real
world people would treat it like a a
quota whether it was or not because we
all have the same
quota the whole point of it is to get
the numbers up to a repres
representative public you know rate so
the quote is built into the system the
boss doesn't need to give you a quota
they just say make it look like the rest
of the world and that's your quota no
but seriously Mark cubin doesn't know
that he really doesn't know that that in
the real world of course it's a quot and
and if you've ever been around it people
treat it like a quota they know what
they're doing everybody knows what the
deal is
nobody's
confused and your bonus will depend on
it on reaching that quota that is
unstated but everybody knows what it
is um then he said Mark cubin said that
there's far more discrimination against
non-white
candidates in what
reality that hasn't been true for 30
years maybe maybe longer but for the
last 30 years or so every major
corporation has been trying to increase
their diversity so they're going to look
for them
first who thinks do any of you think
that there's quote far more
discrimination against non-white
candidates than white
candidates just um white males women are
a different situation but white males
how could you how could you not be aware
that for over 35 years white males are
being told they can't be hired or
promoted in my entire life I've never
heard that about a black
person right 16 years in corporate world
in in much of it I was involved with
hiring so often I'd be part of a team of
people who talk to people who were
potential hires I've hired lots of
people I've owned businesses in which
I've hired or been involved with you
know dozens and dozens of hirings
and I can tell you that I i' never
witnessed even once and all that time
never
witnessed active discrimination against
a person of
color I've never seen
it have
you in a big company I think small
companies are probably fully racist but
in a big
company in a big company have you ever
seen anybody actively just GR ated
against for race in 35 years I've never
even heard of it right I never heard of
it but I have heard of companies that
are you know let you jump the line and
and put you at the front of the line and
actively recruit you and I've heard of
plenty of companies probably 80 million
witnesses to this where the white men
were told specifically they can't they
can't succeed in that company because
they need to increase their diversity
now do you think that Mark cubin doesn't
know
that do do you think he's not aware of
that that the discrimin Discrimination
discrimination rate my best guess is
five to 10 times worse for white men and
has been that way for
decades do you know why do you know why
people wouldn't know that because some
people I think genuinely don't know it
because we weren't allowed to tell
you I I had to get canceled before I
could tell
you it's the same reason doctors who may
have disagreed with the pandemic didn't
talk it's the same reason that people
don't dis that people disagree with
climate change and happen to be
scientists they're going to shut the
 up because they know that talking
is the end of their career no you don't
talk about it that's why you don't know
it but if you want and I always think
this is the funniest when people say oh
yeah can you give me one
example I'll say here's how you do this
walk
outside find an adult wife white male of
age 50 or higher say Excuse me sir have
you ever worked in the corporate world
well yes I have and ask him if he's seen
examples of discrimination against white
people he will say yes give you lots of
stories then say have you ever seen it
against a person of color in a
corporation and they will say no
actually I've never seen it I never
heard of it I've never heard of it or
seen it I've never even heard a hint of
it I've never heard somebody else did it
is so
non-existent that almost everything is
more existent than that and he thinks
it's the driving force in the workplace
and it doesn't exist at all it's
completely non non there so that's
amazing to me all right so hearing that
argument what do you think is the reason
that Mark Cuban seems to be living in a
different reality than the rest of us
what what do you think is behind it now
we can't read his mind so we're only
speculating is it because he's stupid
let's just go through the is he stupid
go now the answer is no he's smart he's
way above average way above average and
smart it's not
stupid is he
underinformative
I don't know is that not being informed
or is that just trying to be a lawyer
and argue your point that you know is
not
real does he really think that in the
real world because he's lived in the
real world he knows that people would
treat it as a quota even if they don't
use that word so that part's a little
ambiguous but when he says there's far
more discrimination against non-white
candidates that is so disconnected from
reality I don't even know what to do
about it
I wonder if he has
any specific anecdotes of it has he ever
been in the room when it happened I'll
bet he's never been in the room when it
happened I'll bet not once I'll bet he's
heard his basketball team talk about
white boys
though I'll bet
you have you ever heard the Larry Bird
stories Larry Bird uh the you know one
of the best basketball players of all
time but he used to get mocked by the
black players
for being white you know and therefore
it couldn't be good but he was one of
the best players of all time and it was
normal you know the and in fact the both
the black and the white players tell the
same story they were all there they all
they all you know mocked him for being
white he couldn't possibly be that good
Etc so anyway uh here's my take after
all those things I think that Mark hin
is brainwashed and or or just signaling
because it would be good for him and his
family and his businesses he might be
just signaling so he might be just
taking a case like a lawyer would take a
case and uh and just trying to be an
advocate for a community which he thinks
is underserved could be that he might
just think the black community and maybe
some of the other people of color are
underserved and he's just trying to do a
good thing maybe but he's he also feels
sort of brainwashed so I think it might
be a combo I think it's a some
combination
of maybe social impulse wanting to make
a difference and be a certain kind of
person in the community and some of it
is just brainwashed so it's probably I
think it's hard to determine because
there's more than one thing going on and
he might be a little under
underinformative
um there's an article in uh the
Federalist by Jennifer
gardi and it's titled Hell hath no fury
like a single liberal
woman um and she talks about how last
month conservative news host Jesse
Kelly um was talking to Megan Kelly no
relation just two Kelly talking uh on
her podcast and I guess Jesse said quote
the mentally ill single woman is the
Beating Heart of the Democrat
Party he proclaimed over 70% of single
women vote Democrat furthermore he
declared that studies show approximately
60% of those women had been diagnosed
with some sort of mental
illness and then uh then uh Kelly Jesse
joke that everyone knows that a woman
with quote her eyes half bugged out of
her
skull
her her eyes half bugged out of her
skull it's true right the the bug eyes
usually is a signal for mental illness
in my
opinion yeah in my opinion
so uh I like the fact that other people
are seeing the same thing I am to to
ignore that it's obvious that it's
mental illness is not helping anybody
I I don't feel like Democrats are better
off being managed by the mentally ill I
don't think so I I think that you could
help them by maybe you know reframing
this into a more honest conversation
that you have brainwashed people and
mentally ill people who are the primary
voters
brainwashed and mentally ill and that's
who's running the country well not
really it's people in top are brain
washing are running the country but
they're the you know allegedly they're
voting and determining things I'm not
sure they
are meanwhile The Washington Post
reports that Biden found some secret way
to quietly transfer billions of dollars
in bombs and jet and fighter jets to
Israel so I guess it doesn't matter what
the Congress wants to do or the people
want to do all that really matters is
that we're giving our money to
Israel
now um as I've said many times the
question of supporting Israel you know
with your words Andor politics is wholly
separate from giving your
money do we all agree on that that you
don't have to support everything with
money if somebody already has
some um and now I don't know if they
have enough or if they have borrowing
capability or whatever but why is it
just automatic we give you money
what can't it ever be hey do the best
you can you know if you can't do it
without us ask us maybe we'll kick it in
but I feel like we were just throwing
money at them as soon as it was a
problem like do they even need to ask
for it do they need to make a case that
they can't um stretch their own budget
the Israel can't increase their
debt because I'm pretty sure I had
nothing to do with anything that
happened in Gaza so why am I paying for
it again even if you're even if you're
totally in favor of everything Israel is
doing which we'll talk about in a second
even if you're totally in
favor why are you paying for it there's
lots of things I'm in favor of I'm not
paying
for anyway so the news is saying that
Joe Rogan and uh they say Alex Jones are
using the genocide word um about uh the
actions in Gaza do you think you'll see
more of that now that they broke the
seal well I think it depends if they're
still in business in a month if Joe
Rogan and Alex Jones can say out loud
that they believe Gaza is a
genocide and they're still in
business then other people might start
saying
it now I'm not going to give you my
opinion on it because this is so
subjective and brainwashing and all that
um I will simply
note um this observation
um Israel is spending their Holocaust
chip and if it doesn't work out it's
going to be the worst thing in the
world right but if they spend their
Holocaust trip I mean what I mean by
that
is at this point I think it's already
fair to
say that if you hear anybody from Israel
complaining about the
Holocaust it's going to take two seconds
for you to say
Gaza
right so they're spending it and I'm not
saying they shouldn't and I'm not saying
that it's not a real thing to spend it's
just that it's one hell of a risky
investment so from an Israeli point of
view it feels like an investment I think
this is my interpretation so my
interpretation is they had this
asset which is how people
feel about protecting Israel because the
Holocaust ever
happened but as soon as they do
something that other people think
reminds them of the
Holocaust that chip goes away so if they
don't get something out of this it's
going to be the biggest disaster of all
time it's a risky move if I had to guess
whether it works I'm going to guess yes
I I I think that the U the hatred of n
yahu that a lot of people in Israel have
right now because they don't want them
they don't want blood on their hands I
guess is a luxury
belief you've heard that term a luxury
belief is something you can say in
public that makes you sound like a good
person but you can only say it because
you don't have any control over it
because if you had control you wouldn't
be saying that
 so it's a luxury belief so you can
sound like a good person right so here's
here's my luxury belief I think Israel
should stop killing innocent people
because oh I hate any any violence you
should stop doing it Israel should be a
good person like me because I say good
things in public when when I don't have
any uh I have no skin in the game so so
I say good things peace peace and love
that's a luxury belief I suspect there
are a lot of anti- Netanyahu people who
like being anti-violent
but they kind of need the
violence because you know Gazo was an
existential threat still is to Israel
and if they can find a way to get
greater control over the area and again
I'm not saying it's good or bad you know
there's no opinion here I'm just saying
that if it turns out that things work
out that they they managed to create a
safer environment that can go forward
and maybe a larger environment you maybe
the size of Israel gets bigger and that
has all kinds of benefits so it could
turn out like the Louisiana
Purchase which by the way I'm not a
historian I need to fact check on this
is it true that Jefferson was criticized
for the Louisiana Purchase because it
was too
expensive do I remember that right it
wasn't true that everybody thought it
was a good idea
right there any historians here who can
give me a fact check on that I'm just
going for memory but not a clear
memory it seem yeah I'm I'm pretty sure
that he was criticized you know people
said ah we don't need that land why are
we stealing that land and who could
afford $18 million
anyway and but time goes
by but time goes by and then it looks
like a a brilliant genius move that made
America what it is
I think the same thing could happen with
Netanyahu I think he will be viciously
criticized by the luxury belief people
but if it
works a 100 years from now he's going to
be one of the legends of of Israel so
it's a big
play and I wouldn't bet against
them but there we are now I I am of the
belief that if Israel did not completely
destroy Gaza and dominate it forever
they would be in Mortal danger
forever so do with that what you want uh
doesn't make anybody right or wrong it
just that's the
situation all right ladies and
gentlemen um I'm going to uh say goodbye
to the folks on YouTube and x and un
Rumble thanks for joining see you the
same place tomorrow I'm going to keep
the uh folks on locals connected so I
could get a little after show with the
subscribers thanks for
joining all right local supporters only
updating
stream
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e