it's going to be another amazing day
today I don't know if you're ready for
it are you ready for all the
amazingness it's gonna be coming at
[Music]
you good morning everybody and welcome
Hey shut up me
every now and then my second feed comes
alive I don't know
why well welcome to coffee with Scott
Adams the best time you've ever had in
your life if you'd like to take it up to
a new level a level that nobody can even
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need for that is a cup or
mugar a glass of tanker cheler Stein a
Canen jug a flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dope me the
other day thing that makes everything
better is called the simultaneous sip it
happens now
go meanwhile all of the lazy
podcasters taken the morning off my
goodness my goodness do you feel sorry
for them their lack of energy their low
output there are unproductive ways but
now you're here with me
and we got news I was reading a uh
article by Ricky schlot and then I guess
she writes for the New York
Post and uh it wasn't an article it was
actually a post on X and she said public
service announcement to single men there
are literally so many single women
sitting around at bars waiting to get
hid on all of a sudden go outside for
once and the ratio will be massively
your
favor
really in my entire life the only time
I've ever seen a woman in a bar who
wanted to get hit on was on television
I've never seen that in the real world
in the real world they're either with a
guy or with they're with their friends
in an impenetrable Circle and they're
all waiting for the same six foot tall
guy who's got $200,000 income at age 22
too so no going to a bar is the worst
place you're ever going to meet anybody
and by the way maybe you want to meet
somebody who doesn't go to a bar to meet
somebody so no worst advice of all
time don't go to a bar to me the
guy uh
anyway um speaking of that if you are
subscribing to the dilber comic it's now
called dilber reborn if you subscribed
either on X or on the locals platform as
Scot adams. locals you would know that
there is a mistake in today's dilbur
comic
um my comic is uh written and the first
draft of the art is drawn by me but then
I send it out to my assistant and my
assistant does the final art and the
color and I don't see it until I'm ready
to post it I could I mean I could see it
early I just don't look
this morning I realized that my comic
where a shook the intern who was born in
India uh is using online
dating and it's not working out too well
for him but um my my art director uh
colored him uh the same color as the
rest of the White characters so you'll
see that as shuk the intern has changed
his race for one day I'll change it back
after we're done but for day you shook
the intern is looking all little pink
and
Caucasian
anyway um but we'll change that and uh
10 years ago the comic that's running
also on the on the same online places if
you subscribe on X to Dilbert or on
locals you'll see that 10 years ago the
comic that Dilbert was running uh is a
robot that's taking over for management
in the company and the robot is trying
to uh navigate the fact that all humans
are
liars and I was thinking this that was
10 years ago now we're right on the cusp
of having an actual robot boss because
it isn't hard to imagine you could have
a robot that could I don't know monitor
the metrics of your performance and have
conversations with you to motivate you
hey I noticed you're not doing so well
today everything okay so you could
probably have a a robot boss anytime you
wanted I mean I think the technology is
basically there however how in the world
is a robot ever going to navigate the
fact that people lie all the
time because your real boss is going to
go up to you and say all right what do
you absolutely need to do your job well
I'm going to need 10% more in my budget
next year all right I'm going to cut
your budget 10% no wait watch what I
just said I want 10% more in my budget
or I couldn't possibly do my job then
your boss says I know I heard you uh but
we're going to cut you 10% what yeah you
just do it anyway how's a robot going to
do that the robot's going to say you
need 10% more I do not have a mechanism
for funding I do not know what to do
because you need 10% more but I cannot
get 10% more there is no path forward I
give up
so we're either going to have to teach
our robots how to detect lies with
certainty which maybe you could actually
do um or we're going to have to teach
them that everything that people say is
a lie and in order to handle that you
have to lie
back so in the real world the way goes
is I need 10% more you which is a lie
then the boss says you can't have it
because my boss said I can't raise the
budget which is also a
lie because you're going to spend the
money somewhere else but the boss didn't
lower your budget you're just saying
that so you usually got the employee
lying to the boss the boss lying to the
employee but over time the Liars have
figured out how to operate in a world
where everything is a lie how in the
world does a robot learn to operate in
that
world maybe it can be done I wouldn't
rule it down maybe they can do better
but it's certainly an interesting
question if everything is a lie all the
time and that really is our world how
does a robot figure that out I don't
know anyway if you're worried about how
to get a date and your your dating apps
are not wor working I have a great idea
you should become a music
executive uh if you're a guy uh
apparently if you're a music
executive oh oh God can you do things I
I don't even want to tell you the things
you can get away with if you're a music
executive most of it's illegal yeah
unethical and illegal but uh it will
certainly end your dating problems
according to Pussycat Doll singer Ka
Jones um she was one of those people who
was on the inside to know that uh that
Denny's downfall is quote bigger than
just the rapper himself and has the
potential to bring down some
entertainment Executives who she
claims were uh all about the sexual
abuse now at this point there are enough
people who do know what was going on who
all have the same story which is this is
much bigger than Diddy and I think that
sounds right it does sound bigger than
Diddy um of course if your job is to be
one of the Pussycat Dolls
and to essentially sell sex sex that
comes with
noise um you're probably in your you
know most dangerous situation when it
comes to those Executives but
uh more to come will we ever find out
will we
ever find out what was up with Diddy I
think the Diddy thing is going to go the
way of Epstein which is not the most you
know Innovative thing to say because a
lot of people think that I just don't
think we live in a world
where the the people who are still Rich
enough can ever go to jail I've got a
feeling that Weinstein must have pissed
off somebody important I feel like the
only reason he went to jail is that he
wasn't on the inside anymore like there
was something he did that made somebody
mad or you know he R he did a bad deal
with somebody something I feel like
there's more to that
story well anyway according to Patty
night ber at task and purpose and
there's now an army device that can
determine if you've got a traumatic
brain injury just with a drop of blood
that's actually a really big deal if you
could take a quick drop of blood and you
would know somebody had traumatic brain
injury or not it would change how you
you handled it um and that's pretty big
deal now you might say to yourself but
Scott how often do you really need to
use a tool to take a dve of blood to
determine if somebody has a traumatic
brain injury well I would recommend it
for all of the hosts of
MSNBC because they clearly look brain
damaged and it's just one drop of blood
it's not a lot it's not a lot to ask I
would just like to see the main host
just see if they have any traumatic
brain injuries because it looks like it
they act like
it anyway um I saw Jordan conradson
writing for the the Gateway bundit
talking about all the various videos
that alleg that KL Harris looks drunk
now I looked at all the videos and I
said to myself she does look drunk in
every one of them at least one of them
might be manipulated and the others
might be just a case of her being
exuberant and
joyful but here's what my take away from
that is if you can't tell if you're
candidate for president is drunk off of
her ass or if that's just the way she
normally acts isn't that enough reason
not to vote for
her if you can't tell by looking at her
I don't know that's either that's either
totally drunk or that's just the way she
is it almost doesn't matter if she's
actually drunk does
it cuz I don't want that representing me
like do you want her to go over to the
you know over to some big uh G20 or
something and everybody's like is she
drunk or is or is that I I think she's
drunk no no no that's the way she acts
seriously that that's the way she acts
that's not drunk I don't know well now
that you mention it she does look
drunk that's not your best foot forward
there really
isn't one thing nobody ever ask about
Trump is he drunk right now now nobody
ever asked that there's reason for
that all right
um Laura lumer gives us a warning about
the election claims you've heard the
term uh joshu Josh
Steinman taught me that uh at least on X
he taught the rest of us that there's a
there's a name for it it's called the
Buffalo Run so a buffalo is where fake
news is created that will get some group
of people to embrace it and say oh that
thing happened that's outrageous that
thing happened and then they debunk it
so the the point is to get people to
embrace something that's very untrue
until they ruin their credibility by
believing it in public and then anything
that they say after that you say well oh
my goodness well isn't that the same
person who said X so the Buffalo Run is
the big Kraken like claim that turns out
not to be true and Laura warns us and I
will
reiterate that just like our prior
elections there will be incredible
claims of
cheating most of those incredible claims
of cheating most of them won't be true
does does everybody here get that that
whatever you hear about cheating and no
matter who it comes from No Matter What
entity publishes it no matter what
writer writes it no matter how many
witnesses there are almost all of them
are going to be
fake even if the election is totally
wrecked because the ones you're going to
be the ones you're going to see are the
ones that are not
hidden and the things not hidden are
going to be
hoaxes so you're going to see a lot of
fake claims that will be tremendously
detailed and will be absolutely fake and
could come from sources that you really
really
trust so just assume here here's the
rule that I would
use assume that individual claims are
probably not true they could be but
probably not but also assume that the
system itself is not
Dependable meaning that we don't have a
way to know if the system is accurate or
not unless you got lucky and and caught
something you were supposed to catch but
we don't really have a way to know that
the machine that the election systems
are all working okay we only know what
we
caught so if you know what you
know then you know something but nobody
knows what they don't
know what what uh which pocket do I have
a dollar in people here we'll do a test
this is an election test which pocket
left or right do I have a dollar in
right
now you don't
know well the answer is I don't have a
dollar in either of my pockets but the
point is how could you be certain where
my dollar was but at the end of this
election people are going to say I'm
certain that it was a good election
how how how could you possibly know I
didn't have a dollar in my pocket how do
you know the unknowable how do you know
that a state actor didn't hack it and
left no Trace how in the world do you
know anything is is fair the only thing
you could know for sure is if you found
something there was enough time there's
never enough time you had standing you
never have standing you know in this
weird hypothetical world you might be
able to catch something but you can't
prove something didn't happen and you
know that they're already they're
already brainwashing the public so that
the public thinks they can tell when
something didn't
happen nope you cannot tell if I have
something in my pocket or not you do not
have the ability to know either one but
if I stood up and reached into my pocket
and took out a dollar you might know
that but if I don't do that you don't
know for sure what's in my pocket and
you don't really have a way of finding
out there's nothing in my pocket
we're getting reports of big numbers for
early voters we'd like to think that
means something but it might not it
could mean that both sides are just
really incentivized I think that's true
I think both sides have a lot of energy
for voting but uh we're seeing that even
in Georgia the early voting is huge now
I'm seeing the conservatives say there
because the early voting is huge we have
proven that there's no voter suppression
and you know there's no problem with
people getting IDs and stuff like that
that doesn't prove
that you you can't say that just because
voting is at an all-time high or even
that early voting's that doesn't tell
you that everybody could
vote they're not even they're barely
related so don't do that it just makes
you sound dumb what you can say is that
there's a lot of voting that's all you
can say you can't say that there were
100 people who wanted to vote but they
couldn't figure out how because there
might be might be a 100 people who
didn't get to vote how would you know
again how would you know that somebody
didn't vote the only thing you know is
how many voted it's the same problem if
if in fact there were people who didn't
vote and you don't know their names and
nobody told you about them how would you
know if they existed or not now I
suspect there's not a big problem with
people who want to vote and can't but
you wouldn't know
because people did vote that's not the
evidence that there are people who can
or cannot
vote anyway according to CNN's Harry
Inon Trump's net favorability numbers
are better than ever in 2016 he was -27
on
favorability uh then in 2020 he was -12
2024 he 9 which would be a disaster for
Democrats if that number held
um I would like to reiterate my one of
my best predictions ever that I said
that when Trump left office after
2020 that he would be more popular every
year that he's out of
office and there it
is and and my reasoning for that is that
I knew that the hoaxes and the you know
the just the ridiculous fake news about
him would eventually fade away because
that stuff doesn't necessarily even get
written in history books but what you
remembered would be wait a minute
inflation wasn't so bad we didn't have
wars so you would remember his results
but the you know the claims that were
just ridiculous would sort of Fade Away
in time and to some extent that happened
although the new hoaxes are coming in
big and strong CNN's also Harry Anon is
talking about uh um the margin of black
men voting for Democrats versus
Republicans in Obama's election he had
an 81 point margin among black men so he
had 81 points more than his competitor
and black men Clinton still did good uh
Hillary
63 uh Biden lost a little more down to
53 and now Harris is down to 41 Harris
has
half the popularity of black men as uh
Obama what do you think that's about do
you think that is
sexist because Obama thinks that the
black men are being sexist do you think
that's what's going on I I did actually
see some Street interviews where some
black men said exactly that I'm not
going to vote for a
woman but they didn't look like they
were necessarily the people who were
voting at all the the people said that
on camera I never vote for a woman I
just there was something about their
vibe that didn't say I'm going to vote
for
anybody just I couldn't imagine them
being there on Election Day but maybe
you never
know so I don't know what that's about
but Trump's doing great and I guess
Trump's going to the black barber shop
is that today can you give me a fact
check when is Trump going to the black
barber shop in Pittsburgh b or someplace
I forget where but that's going to be
really fun see I think every time you
see Trump working with real people then
the he's a he's a Hitler messaging
that's coming just looks more
ridiculous if if you only knew him from
his speeches and then the Democrats are
framing him as Hitler or musolini you
could look at his speeches and say yes
he's a powerful man saying things
powerful yes just like a dictator but
then you see him talking to real
people and you can't even imagine it it
becomes
unimaginable that he would walk out of
that barber shop and he's Hitler when he
walks out the
door it's not imaginable you literally
can't imagine it so it is such a good
move to bring him down to the what I
call the retail level you know where
he's talking to voters and not talking
to pundits and and
interviewers it's perfect
so I I think that's a winning play in
his final days of the election uh I
think it's unbeatable actually in terms
of
votes um let's see real clear
politics has uh Trump with a
93.2% chance of winning the electoral
college but they still have Harris
winning the popular vote so that would
be we'll talk about another poll that
says the opposite uh that says that
Trump will win the popular vote as well
but this would be the worst the worst
case scenario the worst case
scenario is that Harris gets the most
votes in the country but Trump wins
anyway the way he won against uh um
Clinton because then the people who are
unhappy can say it's not really fair we
should get rid of the Electoral College
and we should have done it
retroactively and then there's going to
be protests in the streets and then
you'd sort of understand it wouldn't you
you'd say to yourself
well the majority didn't get its way so
you can kind of understand why they'd be
mad but suppose it went the other way
suppose Trump got a big electoral uh
Victory but also squeak down a victory
in the popular popular vote feels
different doesn't it even a 1%
difference if he could just make it in
the popular vote then the story becomes
he won the Electoral College and guess
what had there been no Electoral College
he still
won if we can say that at the end that
he would have won with or within an
electoral college then we've said
something and and I I think that the way
our brains are organized As Americans
that if you can win both of those it's
like winning two
elections effectively it's like two
elections
so if he can win them
both um that's going to be
impressive otherwise I think you're
going to see the color Revolution by the
way do you know what that is so if
there's anybody here who doesn't know
what the color Revolution refers to it's
how America and the CIA take over other
countries a big part of it is they they
encourage and pay and organize street
street protests of ever the muscle is in
that country so if it's the unions then
they back them and the unions protest if
it's America and might be black lives
matter and antifa but the the people on
the street are
fake they they think they're real the
people on the street have real emotions
and believe they're there for real
reasons but they wouldn't be there
except they were
organized and it's the organizing that's
the fake part so what we expect is that
when Trump first got elected and by the
way this has all been War gamed by
democrats we know this we know this for
sure that when he got elected the first
time they put the people on the streets
you know the the black lives matter fake
uh antifa fake and that was to create
the impression that the public was
against Trump so if you could see every
day there's massive protest you'd say
well you know the public must not like
him and then if they moved against him
in a political way and the fake F news
was against him and the lawfare was
against him it would all look consistent
it would look like oh he's he's a he's a
Putin I guess everything's against him
so if he's removed I guess we'd feel all
right about that because the street
protests would end and it all seemed
like it made sense so if you're going to
overthrow a country whether it's the CIA
overthrowing our own country which I do
believe that they try to do and have
done in the past um you need the you
need the muscle on the street and to get
that it would be really really helpful
if Trump didn't win the popular vote so
the the street muscle problem gets
complicated if the majority clearly
wanted Trump to be
president all right let's see what else
um Poland company Atlas Intel has a new
poll now if that doesn't mean anything
to you because you say to yourself Atlas
Intel i' never even heard of them well
it turns out that they were the best
polling company last cycle so they were
the they had the most accurate
results and do you remember I told you
that everybody would be moving into
accurate mode when it got close to the
election because you have to be accurate
when you're close because that's the one
that they'll they'll they'll monitor
nobody's going to say how accurate you
were in August because it can't be
proven you don't know if you were
accurate in August because there was no
election
but you do know if you're going to be
accurate in November because there will
be an actual election so that's the only
one you got to get right you got to get
the last one's
right um but there are two things going
on and I believe that one of them is
crooked maybe both of them are the the
one thing that's crooked is that I think
that there are some fake polls that are
going to try to make the election look
like it's too close to call therefore if
there's any cheating they can say well
look the we had several polls that said
it was too close to call and Harris won
by
0.001 totally un totally not surprising
so why would you even think there was
any cheating that was well within the
expected range of
possibilities so part part of the polls
I believe this is this is my
belief um based on living in the real
world are fake and they're fake to make
them as close as possible so that the
cheat is possible
that's what I think that's speculative
it's just based on living in the real
world and based on what I'd do if I had
control over bad things but separate
from that there will be the pollsters
who are not in on the
cheat but they do want to make sure
their numbers are good and maybe they
wanted to stay consistent with other
pollsters during the year because they
would look like they were crazy if they
were way off so everybody sort of groups
together during the year just so none of
them look crazy but at the end they
bifurcate one group goes toward the
truth like probably Atlas Intel is and
one group goes toward the uh the the tie
oh it's so close that no matter what
happens would be possible anything's
possible now so you're going to see both
of those things happening Alice Intel
says Trump would win the national vote
by
three just hold that in your
put that in your brain for a second the
most accurate pollster and one that in
my opinion is not not one of the ones
who's trying to be fake but one of the
ones who's trying to be as real as
possible especially at the
end they have him winning the national
vote not the elector vote he he wins
that also he wins every state but he'd
win the national vote by
three Republicans don't do
that so if he does
it's everything it it's a
landslide so the biggest glaring light
is this pole there's lots of other poles
and I wouldn't ignore them but there's
one that's better than the other
poles and rasmason will be up there too
so take make sure you're watching
rasmason they typically end up in the
top five of the pollsters and Atlas
Intel also a top five
so they see they have both swung to
Trump so here here's what uh Trump is
doing according to Alas Intel in the
various swing States um Pennsylvania up
3.3 Michigan UP 2.8 Georgia up 1.4
Arizona up6 Nevada up3 new North
carolina7 up and Wisconsin oh I'm sorry
in North Carolina Harris uh is up 7 and
uh Harris is up in Wisconsin 7 so I I
correct myself so Trump was had in five
out of
seven and then they have him in the
elector vote 286 to 252 which is not not
as big
a um difference as you might
imagine um I think there's the betting I
think the betting markets have Trump
like way ahead again but I wouldn't
trust the betting markets for
prediction all
right um here's something that uh is
true that I hadn't thought about so
much um Patrick bat David said to Trump
I guess yesterday you kind of did Kill
mainstream media and Trump said I did
I'm very proud of it too he actually
did that that's a true
thing that the entire mainstream media
at least let's say 95% of it was
completely against Trump when he entered
the race and he destroyed the entire
industry now maybe it would have
happened on its own because there were
other you know economic forces but the
credibility of the news is completely
gone and he did
that remember when so I'll I'll brag
again in 2015 I told you Trump would
change more than politics he would
change the way you saw reality at
self this is that reality itself used to
be that if it's on the news it's
probably true today's reality is that
the news and the truth are just
completely unrelated I mean they might
overlap but you wouldn't know you'd have
no way to know it's just propaganda now
that's something we know that we didn't
know before
and yeah I I could see it coming like it
was a train coming right at me reality
was going to completely change it's
completely different
now all
right um so you might know that the
publication called the Atlantic um used
to be something like a regular
publication but now it's just a a
propaganda vehicle owned by uh Steve
Jobs Widow who's good friend to KL
Harris um so here's one of their
headlines the Atlantic headline Trump is
speaking like Hitler Stalin and
musolini now at this point they're just
being stupid and funny aren't they like
it used to be that I thought oh I have
to go say something to debunk this but
do you need to debunk it
anymore this is a propaganda outfit as
long as you know that they're not
anywhere near the news business and they
don't try to be and they're not
intending to be it's just propaganda I'm
not saying that they're biased I'm
saying that they are properly a propag
and a tool that is pretending to be a
different thing that's different from
the News That's
biased very different right the news is
very biased no matter what news you're
looking at but this isn't
bias this isn't bias this is just a
propaganda Outlet so
MSNBC is not the same business as
CNN CNN and Fox News just to balance out
the point are in the are in the business
of news but the opinion people are
biased in One Direction in one case in
the other direction in the other case
now that's that's welld disclosed
meaning that if you're watching either
one you've got a pretty good idea what
you're watching and as I've said both
Fox News and now CNN they didn't do it
as much before they do have credible
voices so you've at least heard the
other side you know it's way more biased
in each case but you're going to hear
the other
side MSNBC doesn't even do that the
Atlantic doesn't do that these are pure
propaganda pieces as long as you realize
that if you're watching MSNBC you didn't
even know what news
was that's a true statement if you're
watching
MSNBC because you think you're watching
news you are in a different universe no
they're not even trying to be news they
are only a propaganda outfit and and if
I were just saying that to be biased I
would be saying it against
CNN and
CNN in the first election was just a
propaganda outfit they've changed
ownership it's obvious that their um
preferences have changed for how to
present themselves and right now I would
say they're a biased news outfit
but news outfit I would say the fox is a
biased news outfit but a news
outfit the Atlantic is not a news outfit
or or even an opinion piece it's just
propaganda and uh Washington Post is
some it's a bit of a hybrid but more of
a propaganda outfit and
uh and MSNBC is nothing but propaganda
you're not even going to hear the other
side
anyway um and I wonder how big the
Mental Health crisis will be and at what
point can you blame the
propagandist Let's uh connect some dots
let's
see uh we believe that the the ripple
effect of slavery from a couple hundred
years ago or whatever it was um is
affecting black Americans today to their
economic and maybe even psychological
detriment I agree with that I don't know
how to measure it and obviously people
are affected in different ways some are
not affected at all but it's true
there's a ripple effect and it's gone
you know many decades and it makes a
difference now let me ask you this
question we've watched the fake news for
over eight years spew propaganda that
half of the country are uh racist and
pro Hitler and they live in a hellscape
and they're unscientific so the world's
going to burn up which of those two
things uh is harming more people in
2024 well look at the therapy what do
they say in therapy oh I live in this
world with trumps are racist and
everything's bad and uh I've got to I've
got to transition myself and now I wish
I went back in some cases um and then
the propaganda says that Hitler's taking
over and the the planet's going to burn
because Hitler is not going to let the
climate change people do what they need
to
do what do you think hurts people
more I don't know I don't know how to
measure it but but if I had to just
guess I would guess that black people
are over
slavery way more than the cat ladies are
over
Hiller that's what it feels like to me
and when I say you black people are over
slavery I don't mean they're over
slavery I mean I'm comparing two things
the the the people who are currently out
of their minds about Trump and they
believe that he's going to have the
military round them up and put them in
camps or something they've got a current
real mental crisis if you're suffering
from the the lag effect of of um
slavery which I which I admit is
completely real there's definitely a a
trickle effect ripple effect that
affects real people you're probably not
thinking about it every
minute I mean I don't know are you you
could give me a fact check but do you
wake up thinking about your your leg
asly of slavery if you're a black
American or you just go to your
job and maybe if the if the topic comes
up as an intellectual discussion maybe
you say to yourself you know what I
might be making 20% more if not for that
so you know maybe something's owed to me
that feels to me almost like an
academic discussion at least for some
number of the population for others
everybody's different of course but I
would say the Atlantic and MSNBC are far
more dangerous than the legacy of
slavery at the moment the leg Legacy of
slavery of course far far worse if you
look at the to it of
History far far worse all right let's
talk about this enemy Within so I I feel
like the um the Republicans are sort of
ignoring this and I'm not sure that's
the wrong answer because typically when
the Democrats come up with a new Trump
hoax uh people like me go nuts and try
to like really concentrate and fixing
the impression of it it never makes any
difference because the Republicans knew
from day one it was made up and the
Democrats are using it as a recreational
belief and you can't talk somebody out
of the recreational belief because part
of the recreation is you trying to talk
them out of it and then then resisting
that's part of the fun is making you go
crazy trying to talk them out of
something they don't really believe but
they'd love to make you think they
believe
it how many people do you think really
believe that Trump plans to round up his
political enemies with the military if
he gets
elected how many how many people really
think that I mean uh it's fair to say
that there are zero Republicans is that
fair probably zero like actually zero
like you would search the whole earth
and you wouldn't find one that that one
Republican who thinks that Trump is
going to use the military to round up
his enemies that's the same person who
can't figure out how to get an ID to
vote
yeah and it's also the same person on
the Epstein list you know the list of
things that we'll never see and doesn't
probably exist well Epstein list
probably
exists um but the uh pundits uh like
Donnie Deutsch on MSNBC they will tell
you with pained pained looks faces that
look like they're just ready to be
carried off to the Googs oh Trump is
going round me up so Donnie Deutch asked
uh who' he ask uh what's his name Al
Sharpton if Al Al was worried that Trump
would round them up and they they said
they were both worried so Al Sharpton is
worried Trump's got him on a list to
round him
up and Donnie deuts has the same problem
thinks he's on the list going to get
rounded up
well no that
not do you know why they're not going to
get rounded
up number one if they didn't do any
crimes and I'm not aware of any they
don't have any chance of getting rounded
up do you know why because
Republicans Republicans are not going to
be on board with rounding up people for
non crimes even if we don't like them
that that's what makes a republican the
Republican says um I'm looking at the
law and the
Constitution uh are you rounding up
somebody who didn't break a law and did
not violate the
constitution um I'm
out that that's every Republican there's
no Republican who wants Al Sharpton to
be rounded up because he says things we
don't like none there's nobody who wants
that do you think Trump could get away
with that he doesn't want to first of
all but could he get away with it if he
wanted to of course not no but if if it
were the other way around and the
Democrats said uh Trump a Hitler put him
in jail for anything you can get him on
it doesn't matter what the charge
is they could do that and they're trying
and and it's right in front of you and
you don't have to wonder but it doesn't
work that way the other way the reason
the Democrats are so afraid is that they
know they're doing it right now to Trump
trying to put him in jail for nothing
because he's a political
enemy so in their world it's perfectly
understandable that you would try to put
somebody in jail on madeup charges so
long as you didn't like them it doesn't
work that way the other
way the conservatives simply don't think
that way their their entire game is
Constitution law law Constitution law
Constitution if they break the law yes
coming at coming after him hard but
short of that there's literally nothing
to worry about like this is the smallest
risk in the country by far and Donnie
Deutsch is not important to
anything did you ever hear anybody
saying I I was going to vote for Trump
but then I heard Donnie Deutsch um
crying and so I changed my mind no
no so anyway this is all stupid
I guess what Trump is saying is he said
uh that people like Adam Schiff are
domestic enemies but he's also said that
um the domestic enemies not necessarily
Adam Schiff would be maybe causing a
problem on Election Day if they they try
to
Riot and they might use the military to
calm down the
violence that's pretty far from saying
you're going to put Adam Schiff in jail
because you don't like his his pencil
neck shiff is not going to jail for his
Pencil Neck that's not going to happen
but if anybody broke the
law no one's Above the Law I've heard
said um Trump is the best swearing
president of all he uses curse words
better than anybody ever has because he
doesn't overuse it and he and he uses it
in the context where it makes sense you
know he doesn't do it in the state of
the union he does it when he's doing a
rally but he had
one and I quote uh he was at a rally he
says you have to tell K Harris that
you've had enough uh that you just can't
take it anymore we just can't stand you
you're a vice president the worst
you're the worst vice president kamla
you're fired get the hell out of here
and Crowd Goes Wild now um I feel it's
necessary to fact check
that uh Trump's claim is that Comm
Harris is a
vice president uh I got I got to fact
check that because I like accuracy you
know even if it comes from somebody I
appreciate like Trump I'm not going to
let him get away with a a fact check
that doesn't work so here's the fact
check KLA Harris is not fully comprised
of FAL matter so when he calls her a
 vice
president he's using in a
hyperbolic way sort of the way people
talk you know you know in a normal
way so it's very important she's uh
she's not the enemy Within but rather
this is an important point the feal
matter that is inside her
body does need to get down eventually so
that's sort of an enemy Within so
is actually an enemy Within well all of
us for you if we e right but uh but K
Harris is
not necessar fully feal matter now
that's important to know because in an
election people say stuff like this and
I think it just has to be called
down now am I doing it right am I doing
it right where I interpret Trump to mean
literally what he said I'm doing it
right right because you just have to act
like you don't know how words work in
the real world and then you can fact
check Trump all day long well I think
you meant this literally and indeed I
Obama at the same time Obama was giving
a speech in um Las Vegas where he said
you you can't imagine that the president
is kidding you have to take him
seriously in everything he said so that
does suggest that we must take seriously
that Kon Harris is comprised of actual
feal
matter but I don't think so I think it's
hyperbole do you remember I told you
that these story about uh China using a
quantum computer to crack military grade
encryption what did I say about that
story does anybody
remember so the story was that China's
had a some scientific effort and they
cracked the strongest encryption in the
world and what did I say I said if that
were true you would not know it cuz that
would be the biggest most important
military secret of all time and the
people who leaked that to the Press
would have already been murdered along
with all of their family so I said to
you I don't think this is real because
if this were real there's no way in hell
it's getting out from the military
secret part of of China well it's not
real so it didn't happen it was fake
news so the update is fake news
I think the the truth is that some
lesser there was some lesser kind of old
thing that got the they got beaten but
it's been beaten by ordinary computers
too so no big deal I think it was just
the reporter didn't understand what had
happened um Comm Harris has a has a ad
campaign post millennial is mocking here
in
which the campaign is suggesting that if
you're a man you're not going to be able
to get a date with a woman if you vote
for Trump and so I showed five women and
one guy and he's trying to get a date
with him and they all they all pop a
balloon which is the symbolism for
saying no to him and uh all five of them
pop the balloon and say no now what's
interesting is it was a black man and
all five of the women he wanted to date
were black
women and the black women rejected him
so first of all there wasn't really
nearly enough diversity in that dating
pool just because he's a black man I
don't believe that limits him to just
black women or even women and so uh I
would add at least a gay man in there
two trans and uh a little diversity
please
please anyway
um that happened
uh you know I I mentioned that Obama was
in Vegas giving a speech and here's what
I don't remember about
Obama did he always completely lie his
ass off about everything now all
politicians exaggerate they all you know
paint their picture they spin but wow
almost everything out of his mouth was
one of the common hoaxes you know he
even went for the Trump's going to use
the military to get you I mean he went
for every hoax he he used the calling
the military suckers
hoax but so I was trying to remember was
he always that big a
liar because I just don't remember him
that
way okay so the so those of you who paid
more attention than I did are confirming
he was always a gigantic liar
okay uh I will accept your take on that
meanwhile while
Obama was lying and everybody else is
being crazy um Trump was
uh once again saying that with our
support he'll take us to the Golden Age
so apparently he has settled on this
Golden Age messaging he said with your
support we'll bring back our nation's
strength dominance prosperity and pride
he said this will be America's new
golden age 100 years from now the
presidential election will be looked
upon as America's greatest
Victory now how much hyperbole is in
that on first reading you would say to
yourself I think if this were a normal
year you'd say okay you know sounds
great but probably you know next year
will be like every other year and the
year after that will be like every other
year unless there's a pandemic you know
it's not like we're going to go to the
Golden Age
suddenly except that we might
so here's a word that uh Elon Musk used
yesterday just one
word that gave me so much
optimism and made everything make
sense he said that the government needs
to be and here's the one word
re-engineered oh my god did I want to
hear that what I didn't want to hear is
I'm going to take down the expenses $25
% which maybe he could
do
because one of the things I've heard
must say a number of times about his
businesses is the biggest mistake an
engineer will make is to optimize
something they shouldn't have been there
in the first place and he's made that
point A lot of times so when he looks at
the government do you think he sees a
government that's working fine but maybe
it could be a little use a little less
money I don't think so I think he sees
the government full of things that don't
need to exist and that if we look at it
as an optimization problem we're dead
from the start because you can't get
there from here but if you look at it
from a starting from scratch how would
you build a government if we'd never had
one and you could build the best one but
you can just forget about the past now
we got to keep the Constitution and I
think that that's
safe there's nothing that Trump's
there's nothing that musk is going to do
that's going to violate the constitution
so that's safe but there's a whole bunch
of stuff you can do within within the
realm of the government that would be
massively
helpful now here's what else I
think I spend way too much time watching
Graham Norton shows about past
civilizations that used to be and then
got destroyed and we keep finding these
these big cities that got buried and
there used to be a whole population here
but they all died out and then you look
as even as recently as the Roman Empire
and you say the Roman Empire they had
control of all kinds of parts of the
world how in the world did they lose out
oh well they did then you look at the
Mongols you know the Mongols they had
control of everything how how is it the
Mongols aren't still in charge well it
didn't
last and almost every civilization that
you see from the past there's a point
where they peaked and they did well and
then everything went to hell and I fell
apart now how could you
possibly break that
cycle well the first thing you need is
an
enduring uh physical advantage and we
have it America has that physical
advantage that we have the oceans
between us and our adversaries it makes
us really hard to control if anybody
wanted to do it militarily it' be a
tough egg so we still have that but
we're completely falling apart in terms
of culture and governance and
efficiency uh we're we're we're dying in
regulations we're we're just not
promoting the best people we got open
borders we've got massive deficit
Etc but here's what we also
have we have the American
Spirit which as much as you want to say
everything's going wrong and it is
everything's going wrong let me tell you
what the American Spirit is that's
different from all the other cultures
that ever lived before and
died the American culture says if you're
not working I will burn you to the
ground tomorrow and start
over if you're not giving me what I want
I'm going to put you right in the
garbage
can if you've been operating for 200
years but it's not working today
bye-bye I will get rid of this old
product so I can sell the new product I
will stop being a computer company I'll
become a phone company I'll become a
music company I'll become a rocket
company
Americans
destroy before we
build and the destroying is maybe even a
bigger part of our character character
than the building we're hella good
Builders you know when we put our minds
to it but we're the best
destroyers and if you can't destroy what
you got you'll never go anywhere you're
going to die I worry that Europe is
pretty good at building but pretty bad
at
destroying kind of kind of Trapped in
their past a little
bit not us not us we'll change anything
that needs to be changed we'd like to
keep our constitution but we're even
talking about changing that there's
nothing we won't change and if you put
in an Elon
Musk you don't have a normal situation
you give me a VI
ramaswami whole new deal we're talking
about founder level strength you give me
an RFK Jr what stops him
nothing uh tulsy incredibly strong
player whatever she does is going to be
important and then you give me Trump the
George Washington of all George
Washington's I know I know the Democrats
don't see it that way but the thing is
Trump will destroy something to build
because that's what he does for a living
he he demolishes what was there
unburdened by what has been to build the
new
thing what does uh what does mus do mus
starts with first Prin principles it's
it's his biggest thematic
personality
extreme that he will not care what's
been done before he only cares what's
the right way to do it so when you
unleash a
trump Vance
vake RFK
Jr uh and Elon Musk on this aling
country which is in fact
failing I I think you all feel it we are
a failing country
and if nothing changed we would
fail
but good luck
China doing what we can
do good luck
Germany good luck
France good luck
Canada good luck Great Britain you used
to be
great you can't do what we can do we can
burn it all down and we can build
something great on those ashes faster
than anybody can
so we are entering a period where the
golden age when you throw a in AI into
the mix you throw nuclear power that's
coming online like crazy you throw
robots into the
mix and if we're lucky drones will end
the risk of nuclear war CU a drone War
would be better but we won't do the
Drone War either cuz because it would
still be mutually assured
destruction we we might actually be
moving our mutually assured
destruction from nuclear which would be
the worst kind to still having the the
the reason to not fight which is the
drones would make it
unlivable but you could recover from
drone attacks you know better than
nuclear so it could be that we're going
to have a a much better food supply it
could be that we'll be back on track in
terms of paying off our
debts it could be that we will close our
Borders or at least have a vetting
system where we get the best workers and
the best
outcome it could be that we'll wrap up
the Ukraine war pretty quickly and uh
and get along with Russia well enough
that we wonder why we ever didn't be
friends what did I just say goodbye
um oh so Trump is going off to
McDonald's today in
Pennsylvania Trump's going to be working
at
McDonald's oh man you got to tell me
when that is I will stop everything to
watch him working at
McDonald's I I can't love that more
honestly I just can't love it more so he
his campaign is just acting so
smart not doing 60 minutes correct not
doing uh any more mainstream interviews
if he doesn't feel like it if he doesn't
feel like it
fine but man barber shop twice
McDonald's
rallies
podcasts oh yeah he's setting the
standard you're watching Trump set the
standard for what a modern campaign
should look like right now KL Harris is
not she she's basically just trying to
tread and you do what people are telling
her and probably a lot of infighting
trump is just making it look
easy yeah so is the uh is the Golden Age
coming well I don't know but I will tell
you everything is lining up to make it
possible in in a way it's kind of
special I haven't seen it before so
maybe uh pollster Scott r says trans the
trans transgenderism and sports
specifically biological men who have
transitioned uh to women and playing in
women's sports apparently it's a might
be a bigger factor in the election than
people realized and I'm not surprised
you know if if you don't have a family
member who's in that situation it's
probably not at the top of your mind but
if you knew anybody who is competing in
female sports and they ran into that
situation you would get radicalized
almost
immediately because as soon as you say
wait we're we're we're hurting young
women um I hate to say this but if the
if the problem were young men were
getting hurt nobody would care let's be
honest if if somehow if somehow the the
trans Community was causing uh men who
were in sport s to get injured more
often we wouldn't even have this
conversation because we don't give a
 about men now I'm saying that with
hyperbole because we don't care enough
about men but when you say a young woman
who is probably a 100 times more
important than a man if if uh if you are
a species for which mating is the main
thing you do women are more important
and a young woman is more important than
a woman who is not in you know baby
making age so biologically there's
nothing more important to us male or
female than a young um baby making the
age woman so if you say the 18-year-old
boys are getting more uh head injuries
from football well something will
probably happen you know people will
Advocate about it but it's not really
going to move the vote like I don't
think a national vote would move because
somebody said I'm going to get rid of
football because it's hurting boys no
nobody cares unless it's your boy um but
if you say that women are getting beaten
up in just some schools sometimes
suddenly like you're just so activated
you're like seriously a young woman is
being beaten up by a man or what some
would say as a man and the person who
would self-identify as a
woman it feels different so I would not
be surprised if Scott raspon is correct
and that uh at least at the Suburban
level especially the Suburban mom level
um it could be that
uh could be that that changes some votes
we'll see apparently Jewish support for
Democrats is the lowest since the Reagan
Era um if the vote were held today
Harris would win the sport of just 67%
of Jewish voters still
2third but uh it's less support than at
any time since Reagan I guess so that's
important all right um the Insurrection
Barbie which
is uh becoming one of my favorite
accounts to follow an X I don't know who
it is but Insurrection Barbie is the
name of the
account and I want to read to you about
the color Revolution that could be
coming in a few weeks if Trump wins all
right so this is Insurrection Barbie is
account and I'll just read it to you uh
cuz you you need to hear the whole thing
because if this is describing exactly
what you see you're going to know it'll
be like you're seeing around a corner
okay so Insurrection Barbie says if
Trump wins color Revolution protests on
the
streets uh if you want to understand how
badly KL Harris is doing in this race
all you need to do is look at this clip
from
MSNBC and then there's a clip involved
but MSNBC said the quiet part out loud
they're they are deathly afraid that
Trump will revoke will invoke the
Insurrection Act and the riots that are
going to hit our streets after he wins
will be stopped in other words the MSNBC
people are basically telling you there
will be riots if Trump wins what they
don't want is that Trump will use the
military to stop them because continuing
the riots in the street is how you take
over a country
so MSNBC being the propaganda network is
trying to Prime you that if anybody
tried to stop protests they would be the
bad guys not the people doing the
protest and trying to take over the
country it would be the people stopping
them from taking over the country they
would be the bad
guys okay um
continuing in Insurrection Barbie's post
um How do I I know this and uh Barbie
says they always tell you what they are
going to do so that's the um that's the
Tucker Carlson thing which I used to
doubt and now I do not doubt whatsoever
they literally tell you what they're
going to do by blaming you for
it and she says uh or he says I have an
article from the guardian about the war
games that the blob that's the you know
the Deep state did in preparation for
the second Donald Trump victory one of
the scenarios in those war games and by
the way this this war gaming is a real
thing the Democrats do this um the war
games was what would happen if Fox News
lies and said there are dangerous
protests and riots outside when in
reality it's just the American people
rising up against the
fascists see where we're going what
would happen they War gamed it if the
public protested the result and Fox News
said these are just protesters instead
of agreeing with the fake news which
will say a fascist took over the country
and the country needs to take him down
right
away so what would they do if Fox News
told the truth that it was just a
president getting elected when the
narrative should be that he's a fascist
and the country is protesting against
him
um the eventual outcome of the war game
was that there was nothing they could do
to stop the elected president from
invoking the Insurrection
act and then the clip M from Morning Joe
is was admitting they're terrified at
Trump and uh that Trump will do just
that so they're basically priming you
for the coming Street protests the
street protests will not be organic they
will be CIA MSNBC which is the same
thing basically um l
and other fake news and when FOX News
tells you that these are fake
protests uh they need to be able to
respond to be able to say no no no it's
because the fascist got elected don't
you know that this is natural things
happening and the voters really care so
that's
coming anyway um there's some fake news
about a drone strike on netanyahu's home
in Israel um some of the news say that
the Drone struck his home uh but he
wasn't there uh others say that it was
sent in the direction of his home and I
think somebody else was guessing that it
might have landed near the home but
didn't hit the home so there's no
evidence that I can see that his home
was hit there is some suggestion that
maybe something was aiming at it but we
don't
know that's not going to stop
anything and uh there were some leaked
War plans allegedly so allegedly the
Pentagon leaked some Israel war plans so
the war plans against Iran so I I wasn't
clear if it was just the defensive War
plans or the offensive War plans or both
but do you believe that true War plans
have been
leaked if I were Iran I would be saying
I'll bet those are fake War plans that
got leaked because if you were going to
try to get somebody to prepare for the
wrong thing you would leak some War
plans and make them think oh no they're
aiming for uh nuclear facilities and
then they put all their defenses around
the nuclear facilities and then then
Israel would take something else now the
other possibility is it's a real
Lake which would be a real
problem I don't know how War plans ever
state secret frankly so I'm surprised
they're not always
leaked well ladies and gentlemen that is
the conclusion of my remarks for today
it's going to get real interesting as we
get to these final days I remind you
that um I believe it is two weeks when
it's two weeks from election day is that
Tuesday is is this coming Tuesday two
weeks from election
day because I think that's the day I
said I was going to uh do a live stream
and vote by
mail um I will tell you you won't see my
ballot and you won't see me fill it out
you'll just see me so there's there's
some legal question about whether I can
show a ballot and it should be legal in
California but I wasn't planning on
showing it to you anyway so so uh I'll
give you more information but I think at
9:00 p.m. eastern time time which would
be 6: p.m. my time two weeks before
election day the Tuesday uh I think
that's this Tuesday um I will be live
streaming to all platforms and I'll
simply invite you if you have ADHD and
you are meaning to vote and you just
need a little bit of somebody doing the
same thing at the same time so you can
focus um I'll just come on and I'll
encourage you to go find your vote
wherever it's sitting around on whatever
desktop or in pile a mail and just pull
it out and uh just fill it out while I'm
filling out mine and I I won't tell you
how to
vote um I won't tell you how to fill
yours out you're in different state
anyway
probably I will tell you that if you're
in a state where Trump can't win as I am
in California you really still need to
vote this is the first time that um I
can say with a very strong voice that
voting in a blue state where it's
definitely going to go the other way is
very important because you want to win
the national vote if Trump wins the
electoral college and doesn't win the
national
vote we're going to have a lot of
trouble we're probably going to have a
lot of trouble no matter what happens
but you can minimize the trouble by
making sure that Trump wins the national
vote and the only way that's going to
happen I think is if he gets an
unusually large vote in say New York and
um California now I've seen people
question why would Trump go to New York
State when everybody knows he can't win
in New York state do you understand now
does it all make sense now it doesn't
matter if he wins New York state New
York state has a lot of people he should
be going where there's a lot of people
in addition to going to the swing states
which is doing plenty of he needs to go
where there's a lot of people because if
there's a lot of people some number of
them can switch his way if he does
everything right and that's good for the
the overall National vote now the
national vote doesn't get you elected
it's only the electoral college but if
he doesn't win both this
time it's going to look like trouble so
he might be running the smartest
campaign we've ever
seen I think you could argue that when
this has done history might judge it as
the best political
campaign we've ever observed it it just
looks so good honestly just so good from
top to bottom and uh compliments to
everybody involved I'm sure there's
plenty of infighting I'm sure there's
plenty of disagreement in the background
but it looks
like over and over the best ideas are
winning you know I always tell you that
the people with the best ideas are in
charge of
everything because the boss wants the
best idea so if you have the best idea
you're in charge your idea becomes the
policy and it looks to me like Trump has
surrounded himself with extraordinary
Talent this time um you know he had a
lot of talent the last time but it looks
different this time I mean looks really
qualitatively different so I think the
level of
advice that not only that he's getting
but that they're filtering through
it seems to
me that um smart people from all around
in his Circle you know the expanded
circle of his supporters not not the
people in the room but just
supporters it seems to me that there's a
direct connection now between the
incoming suggestions and getting all the
way to his
desk do you feel
that yeah because I think the barbershop
idea and the the McDonald's ideas
I think those are both things that were
suggested by somebody um I'm one of the
people who suggested the barbershop idea
but I imagine there were probably others
that did the same but those ideas got
all the way to Trump I I would be amazed
if he came up with them
himself and probably didn't come from
the inner circle it probably came from
the outer circles and made it through
the Inner Circle all the way to the big
guy that is amazing and by the way is
typical we we've seen this a whole bunch
of times where an individual idea is
just strong enough that it penetrates
all the circles and gets right to the
big guy it gets to the boss I've never
seen anything like it actually we we
have several examples where it's obvious
it got all the way the
boss
so this is by far the best campaign of
my life I've never seen anything like it
and I thought I thought Obama was
amazing but I think this is a new level
all
right uh yeah and baron Trump right
Baron Trump appears to be one of those
voices that normally you know you don't
expect the 18 19y old man whatever he is
you don't expect him to break through
but if his ideas make sense such as the
podcaster uh Aiden that he talk
to the best idea wins so there he is
um Brian kenin is posting Theory men
voting for Harris are the silent voters
in this year's election they will
the if there's one thing I can say for
sure the the one thing I can say with
complete
certainty we will not be surprised by
the number of men who vote for Comm
haris
you might be surprised by the number of
men who voted for Trump
but no no that's not going to happen
that's
funny all
right
um that's all I got for you now I'm
going to go talk to the locals
subscribers because they're amazing and
special and unusually sexy and I'll talk
to the rest of you tomorrow same time
same place thanks YouTube and Rumble and
aent remember the dilber calendar is
available for pre-sale you can get it at
dilbert.com follow the link on
dilbert.com it's the only place you can
get it can't get it on
Amazon all right that's all for now
coming at you
locals in 30
seconds
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for