[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
um hey everybody I'm glad you found me
this morning
wow what fun we have today
once again our news is full of nothing
but happy things well that's not 100%
true but most of the news is good news
and in order to enjoy it in order to
enjoy it to its fullest what do you need
I think you know you need the copper
Margaret glass a tanker chalice or Stein
the canteen jug or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
think you know I like coffee and join me
now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better
the simultaneous if go I'm hearing from
more and more people the following
comment and I want to see if any of you
have had this experience apparently
there have been a lot of people who were
actually afraid of what would happen to
the world under a president Trump and a
number of people have messaged me and
you know quite a bit over the last few
years to say that they were in a state
of panic until they heard me talking
about what was going on and then they
fall calm somebody here just said they
listened to me before they go to sleep
so apparently there's something about
listening to me talk about the world
that makes people less anxious now I'm
going to give you a little preview of
something coming up I don't think I'm
gonna do it today cuz I'm not quite
ready but I've developed a brain hack
that at least one person has reported
completely eliminated anxiety if you
could imagine that imagine somebody
having anxiety every day not just about
politics but more of a generalized one
and that there was something I said that
reframed the world that just eliminated
it
I heard that yesterday now I think I
know why in other words the reframe was
very specifically designed to accomplish
a brain hack I'm surprised it worked but
I'm gonna tested that with any of you
but that's coming up that won't be today
so look for that all right let's talk
about what's happening on this question
of Warren and Sanders and who said what
in their private conversation did he say
that a woman can't win the presidency or
did he just say it would be an extra
challenge Warren says he said woman
can't win he says he didn't
so author James Poniewozik tweeted and
this very much agrees with what I said
he said that a plausible scenario is
they meet both want to run so that part
we know is true and then James says he's
like quote trump is that this meaning
meaning Bernie would say Trump is a
sexist and he'll use this against a
woman she meaning Warren infers
reasonably he's telling me a woman can't
win so she recalls the disagreement he
insists he didn't literally say a woman
can't win now that's pretty much exactly
what I think is the most likely
explanation what happened which is that
he was sort of trying to discourage her
saying she had an extra challenge that
he wouldn't have but it was more to
maybe you know clear the channels so he
didn't have to compete against somebody
who was basically using his policies and
then she interpreted that as a woman
can't win turn
into an absolute which is the most
common thing you've ever seen and every
human interaction somebody will say well
this is difficult and the other person
will say why are you saying it's
impossible
and the first person says I didn't say
that
I just said it would be hard so here's
the good part Maggie Haberman you all
know Maggie human she she jumped in with
a comment on Twitter and she said what
to James why is the automatic assumption
that her version is wrong just curious
which is actually a fun question because
in his construction it assumes the she
that Warren is the one who went away
with the wrong impression but what's
interesting is the way she worded it so
Maggie says why is the automatic
assumption that her version is wrong
where have you seen something like that
before an automatic assumption that
sounds a little like impulsiveness
maybe a little recklessness why is it
that when Democrats look at anybody who
supports the president they believe that
their brains are not functioning like
ordinary brains and that that James who
is a you know a well-known author
obviously s'more a guy why would it be
on this one topic that instead of
thinking through why he thought what he
thought his assumption was automatic
because there's nothing he said that
would suggest that he came to an
automatic assumption and other people
jumped into the comments I I jumped into
and I asked Maggie why assume it's
automatic why would you assume that
about anybody why would you assume that
anybody made an impulsive decision why
would you assume that anybody made an
automatic decision there's no evidence
of that
I only know people who think about
things and then make decisions I've
never heard of this automatic compulsive
thing why is it that Democrats think
that Republicans don't have normal
functioning brains that work the way
everybody else does you think of stuff
and then you make a decision who makes
decisions without the thinking part it's
not really a thing I mean we do make
unconscious decisions you know
subconscious we're influenced by our
biases and all that but it's never this
prompted one of my tweets in which I was
wondering so this is what I said thanks
to the miracle of cognitive dissonance
Democrats can only explain what they see
in politics by believing that Trump has
been quote lucky for several decades in
a row because you'd have to believe that
if you believe that it's not a skill
you'd have to believe that for several
decades let's say starting from the time
he recovered from bankruptcy now
recovering from bankruptcy is not easy
you probably owed more than just about
anybody in the world would anybody and
somehow recovered if you start from that
point say Alice let's just start
measuring from that point because you've
got a long a few decades right during
those few decades he had a hugely
successful television show ran for
president successfully with no
experience and has a whole string of
successes as president you'd have to
kind of believe that decades of
consistent pretty consistent you know he
had some losses Trump University didn't
go well but in his portfolio it was very
successful so you'd have to assume that
he was lucky for decades and that he's
operating on impulsiveness alone that
there's no thinking it's just weird
criminal impulsiveness that ended up
working perfectly for decades in a row
and and they how do you explain your
environment that way now compare that to
the alternate explanation I'm famous for
offering the alternate explanation of
Trump and it goes like this
he has unique skills that's it that's a
little exploration there's there's a
person who has a unique skill set that
lets him do things that other people
can't or won't do and that would explain
why he's been successful for decades and
has reached literally the top of the
success pile in the world I mean what is
more successful than becoming president
in the United States without any
practice being a politician I don't
think there's anything more successful
that's sort of it you're a billionaire
you're married to a supermodel
you're just became the president of the
United States was it all luck hey how do
you keep that going after you see them
signing trade deals you see them -
feeding Isis nominating judges like
crazy the economy is going well Iran
seems to be teamed at the moment North
Korea seems to like President Trump even
and they're not exactly pointing their
weapons in our direction at least not
the way they were in the past how do you
how do you conceive of your world that
it was all luck anyway one of those
theories is batshit crazy the other one
is not speaking of mild curse words I
tweeted at YouTube just using their
public Twitter account and mentioned
that I get demonetized
every day for no good reason YouTube to
my surprise tweeted back and said they'd
look into it now
who they is is whoever's operating their
social media Twitter site for YouTube so
that doesn't mean that they have the
power to look into it but whoever it was
that they look into it
and suggested that perhaps it's because
my content falls into the category of
sensitive stuff that advertisers are a
little wary of now I am willing to
accept that explanation it's possible
that there's nothing going on except I
talked about the news and they've
decided that the news is a sensitive
category that advertisers may be less
inclined to be associated with could be
but it's easy to demonstrate that so I
tweeted back and said essentially I'm
paraphrasing that I've accept that as a
reasonable explanation of what's going
on with no other explanation
under this condition that everybody else
who is talking about the headlines and
that's all I talked about I literally
look at CNN I looking at Fox News I look
at the other headlines and I just talk
about the headlines I put my opinion on
it but it's not like I'm dangerous
there's nothing dangerous that I'm doing
other than a few curse words now and
then and I don't see people being
demonetised
for a few curse words now and then so
that's my challenge to the YouTube
Twitter account is can you can you
confirm or deny that everybody who talks
about the headlines is demonetised
but you'd also have to ask you this
question why is it always reversed as in
always reversed now when I say always I
don't really be in a hundred percent a
few of them have not been reversed but
it's rare but the ones that were not
reversed weren't really any different
than the ones that were so that they
look more like mistakes than some kind
of a decision
so YouTube as now in public engaged me
on the question of whether I'm being
treated unfairly compared to other
people who have similar talking about
the headlines content so far they have
not responded as of the last time I
checked but that doesn't mean they won't
respond
so we'll be will be watching that
somebody says why does YouTube run ads
on my channel well after a day they do
get re monetized so we appeal it
manually and we say this doesn't look
like a fair decision to D monetize but
it takes a day or so to romana ties and
then ads will run now some people have
reported I haven't checked it for myself
don't think I can check on my account
I'd have to be not logged in I guess
because I I pay so I don't see ads but
if I log in I would see what some people
are reporting that the ads are running
from the first day so why don't you do
this for me I'm sure that today I'll be
demonetized as always but see if any ads
run from the first few hours because if
you see a newish post on YouTube and the
ads are running I'm not getting paid for
that as far as I know I could be wrong
maybe they put it in some kind of an
escrow until they until they work out
the demonic possession I don't know
questions all right let's talk about
some other stuff I tweeted them I'm kind
of looking forward to and maybe this is
just me but I'm hoping that we have
another impeachment after this one fails
because the stocks do really good under
impeachments so I'm making a lot of
money in the sand beach man let me check
these stocks today
well looks like stocks are up again
today pretty pretty nicely and the
longer that the and even Bitcoin is up a
lot of stuff is up so if we could get
maybe one more of these impeachments
maybe two more this year I know they
take a long time but if we get this one
done quickly I think we'll have time to
get maybe two more in just for economic
reasons because apparently it's just
great for the stock market but that's
not the only thing that's good for
and this is the funny part as pundits
have pointed out president Trump is
counter-programming the impeachment by
trying to get a lot of accomplishments
and doing a lot of things that will take
your attention away from the impeachment
theater to his accomplishments meaning
that he's had one of the best months a
president has ever had is it my
imagination that the past 30 days
President Trump has accomplished more
than more than what every president ever
in the history of presidents I mean I'm
no historian but I'd be real surprised
if anybody's ever had a better 30 days
of presidency I mean this is pretty good
stuff you know two major trade deals
took out took out the top terrorists in
the region economy is just screaming the
stock market is at a new high I I mean
seriously
has any president had a better 30 days
than this one so the weird thing about
it and I just want to put this thought
in your head much is made of the
president's personality his character
and some of the complaints you can say
to yourself even if you're a big
supporter you could say to yourself oh I
can see that you know I can see why you
don't like that it doesn't bother me
personally yeah but I can see why you
don't like that so there are definitely
parts of the president's personality
which reasonable people can disagree
with some say no big deal he's just
joking some say it offends you you're
all entitled to your opinion but here's
one thing I think we all agree on in
terms of his personality he is one
competitive mofo if he's in a contest
and there's going to be a winner and the
loser you're gonna watch his game
elevate does anybody disagree with that
by the way is it not true that he said
indirectly
he thrives in tough competition he just
he performs better when the pressures on
is this president performing better
because of impeachment risk of
impeachment impeachment the threat of
impeachment all of that do you think
that that makes the president perform
better than he might have otherwise I
think maybe I'm not sure it would be
hard to measure it because you don't
have the you know have the you know the
test case to measure it against so you
could never be sure but if you had a
choice of putting pressure on Trump
meaning impeachment to cause him to
compete at his highest level or let's
say that let's say the alternative let's
say the Democrats decided they liked
Trump tomorrow and everybody says you
know let's just see how it goes
looks like he's doing pretty well how
well would the president perform if the
Democrats just started agreeing with him
so you know hey you doing okay you know
just do some more Oh what you're doing
well we'll talk about it we'll debate
you when we disagree of course we'll
vote against you if we need to you know
but you know you're doing okay keep
going I don't know if he would do as
well because there's something about
this that is focusing his competitive
impulses and again I'm not in his brain
so I can't read his mind we're
speculating here you're a speculation
but I think we're seeing him perform
amazingly well he's probably putting a
lot of energy into it and he's gonna
focus on accomplishments and it's kind
of fun to watch so stock market goes up
Trump stays in office we are severely
entertained he gets all these
accomplishments because he's focusing to
try to counter program
what are we losing didn't we find
completely accidentally did we not find
the very best place to be I mean that
nobody
Landa but somehow we drifted into the
best place you could be
speaking of entertaining let me find the
quote by Mitch did you see Mitch
McConnell's quote which I'll find here
in my notes Oh Mitch McConnell said
quote nothing says seriousness and
sobriety Mitch McConnell equipped like
handing out souvenirs the second part of
his sentence he shouldn't left out as
though this were a happy bill signing
instead of the gravest process in our
Constitution if you if Mitch had just
stopped halfway through that sentence it
would have been the one of the funniest
quotes ever he should have just said
nothing says seriousness and sobriety
like handing out souvenirs you should
have just stopped it was so close to
being one for the ages you know like a
the most quotable thing you've seen all
year but then he added you know you had
to gild the lily little a bit as though
there was a happy bill signing sort of
the gravest process in her Constitution
the second part was assumed so you know
don't don't ruin your perfect first part
of a sentence with that you know
cumbersome second part but Mitch on the
entertainment scale a plus because we're
right here for the fun I don't know
anybody who's watching impeachment
because they don't know how it's going
to end when you went to the movie
Titanic which I raid is the worst movie
of all time by the way worst movie of
all time Titanic but I will acknowledge
that a lot of people liked it they had a
different opinion than me when you went
to Titanic you knew how it ended right
you knew you knew Titanic probably
didn't win in the end but you still went
because you like the entertainment until
then
so the impeachment process feels like
that we're all being entertained but
doesn't matter we know it ends so
there's no mystery speaking of how it
ends
Reince Priebus had some interesting
thoughts which I'll add to and he said
on one of the shows you said sometimes
the best defense is the sowhat defense
you just say well what if everything you
say is true we're not even going to ask
questions about is true what if it's all
true what if everything the Democrats
are saying is true let's vote because
none of its impeachable and I thought
that's a pretty good defense a good
defense would be might be true might not
be true but you can assume it's all true
we don't even need any witnesses we'll
just take your word for it
well let's vote nope nothing there now
Ryan's also suggested that it was that
he liked the witness reciprocity idea
this is Ted Cruz's idea that if you know
you get one witness we get one witness
you get two we get to that sort of thing
and that's one way to go sure
but isn't the complaint that the the
Republicans didn't get their witnesses
during the house because the house was
in charge and the Republicans complain
we didn't get to have all of our
witnesses wouldn't it be fair enough I'm
not suggesting this but wouldn't it be
fair for Mitch McConnell to say hey I've
got an idea
Republicans will have witnesses and
Democrats won't he could do that right
couldn't he just say well it will just
have the witnesses in the Senate that we
wanted to have in the house but we
didn't get so we'll just be completing
that process now there's no way he'll do
that but it's funny to think he could
I've got a better suggestion you ready
here's a suggestion that again they
won't do but it would be really funny
and that's why I like it
and the suggestion goes like this to say
we're gonna bring in witnesses but we're
going to do them in a certain order
because we don't want to bring in
infinite witnesses and you keep adding
them and we just keep going with
witnesses so we're going to do them in a
rational order here's the rational order
the entire case against trump rests on
wait for it rests on this question was
there a legitimate United States
interest in asking about Biden and byrsa
so we're going to bring in witnesses to
only ask that question we'll bring in
some Democrats we'll bring in some
Republicans and we'll only ask that
question was this a legitimate interest
of the United States to look into it now
we already know because even the
Democrats top lawyer said yeah that's
worth looking into there you go then you
bring in a Republican I think I
mistakenly called thoroughly and
Dershowitz Republicans when I was
talking about this yesterday
they're both Democrats even better bring
him turtley bringing Dershowitz three
Democrat lawyers experts in the
Constitution and say what do you think
did this look like a legitimate thing
for the United States to be looking into
all three Democrats will say yes I'm
pretty sure once they say yes you're
done you don't need to look into any
details of how the president did it
because nobody is arguing that the
president has to do things the way you
want him to do it that's not that's not
part of the debate every but everybody
accepts that wants the president's in
office the president can do everything
that's legal as long as you know a
reasonable reasonable attempt to get
stuff done
so if I were Mitch McConnell I'd say
let's find out the important question
first we will take witnesses for just
that question if that question says if
the answer to that is that the witnesses
say you know it's a mixed bag we don't
think that was worth looking into well
then you can open it up to the second
question which is the details of what
the president was doing was it for his
own personal use etc but if you can
determine that the president thought or
that or any reasonable observer thinks
then looking into the Biden busines
thing is legitimate for the United
States you're done you don't need
witnesses to talk about the stuff that
doesn't matter if it was good for the
United States you're done this is the
thing that the Republicans have gotten
wrong consistently since the start
that's it now what is the argument that
this is worth that the United States has
an interest in looking into it are you
kidding me are you kidding me Biden is
still leading in the polls to be the
next president of the United States and
there's a very strong suggestion that
Ukraine or somebody over there might
know a little bit too much about what
hunter was doing and it might reflect on
the president is there any way could any
reasonable observer think it's not worth
knowing if there's any problem there I
mean on the surface it certainly looks
like something you're gonna look into
alright that's the way I'd go if it
turns out that they need to dig into the
details we've got this interesting thing
that Lev Parnas said that loose
associate of was named Giuliani Rudy
Giuliani who's talking and saying stuff
to Rachel Maddow and to Anderson Cooper
now as
Joel Pollak pointed out in an opinion
piece in Breitbart that Lev said
something interesting barn ass that's
something interesting to Anderson Cooper
and he said the that the reason that
there was a push for Ukraine to announce
an investigation was because in
according to left Burness no one trusted
Ukraine to conduct an investigation no
one trusted Ukraine to do an
investigation if you if you look at the
implication of that it means that the
ordinary way you would approach this
nobody believed would work the ordinary
way would be hey have the FBI talk to
your your justice people put together an
investigation you know look into it and
here the witness is coming forward he
was part of all this and he says no one
believes that would work so now you have
the answer or at least you know the most
credible explanation of why it was not
done a different way because the
different way nobody believed would work
so what way did they take if you if you
guessed somebody a little bit pregnant I
like to use that that analogy there's a
good chance that they will continue to
be pregnant let's not talk about
abortion because it ruins my analogy so
in business that's a that's a common
common phrase we got somebody a little
bit pregnant I am dealing with now a
vendor in my life who shall remain
nameless who got me a little bit
pregnant in other words there's somebody
who I gave a large amount of money to do
a job and now it turns out that that job
will not be done for months when it
should have been done in one month now
what can I do turns out that in this
specific situation it doesn't matter no
it doesn't have anything to do with when
hub it's it's in my my personal life it
turns out
that it would be really impractical for
me to fire them at this point because
they've done half the work so I have no
choice I've just gotta wait a few months
because I just don't have an option
that's economical and sensible so this
vendor got me a little bit pregnant
meaning now that they've started now
that I've paid I can't really back out
now they own me they own me I kind of
got to do what they they need now I
don't want to dwell on that the point is
that it would be a perfectly reasonable
thing to do to get your gut to try to
get Ukraine to announce it because the
announcement gives you a little bit of
pregnancy in other words if they've
announced it they're gonna have to
explain later why they're not doing
anything about it because they announced
it so would put them in a position where
they're liars the government that is of
Ukraine if they don't do something
likewise the underlings who might not be
inspired to do anything for the United
States would see their their boss the
president saying we're going to do this
investigation and it would be reasonable
to expect that then they would say I
guess that's what we're doing so it
seems to me that Lev Perez has just
explained away the whole problem
explained away the whole problem at
least that's one interpretation of it
now that's that's an opinion we don't
know what was in this his mind but if
you're looking for a reason that they
would ask for a public statement instead
of focusing on the investigation itself
now we have it they didn't think the
investigation was even possible but if
they get them a little bit pregnant now
this is the part that the speculation is
that what they were thinking were they
completely happy to walk away we're just
an announcement I don't think so if you
were in Rudy's shoes would you say to
yourself if I get the announcement I'm
done I don't need anything else no you
would of course want the announcement
plus the investigation
of course all right apparently there
were 11 I think 11 of our troops were
actually injured or at least are being
checked down for concussions based on
the Iranian missile attack on the base
in Iraq and we're finding that out now
and of course the big question will be
why are we finding this out there who
was lying to us but it looks like more
of an abundance of caution and a
judgment call
meaning that none of these people
appeared to be injured in the in the
physical way that you can see so the
early reports were nobody injured but
apparently when you're you're in the
vicinity of these major missile bomb
attacks it's pretty common to get
concussions from the just the blast
force and so there's an abundance of
caution some people there having checked
out to see if they you know so we don't
know how bad it is now here's the thing
I think we're all better off that we
didn't know this on day one somebody
says so he lied no that's not the
reporting so the reporting is not that
the president or even or even the
commanders in our in our forces in Iraq
there's no reporting that they knew on
day one that these people would need
follow-up care it was a judgment call
that they probably just shake it off or
you didn't know if they'd shake it off
for it's a wait and see so it's a little
bit of a gray area about you know when
you could actually know somebody was
injured because you can't tell can't
tell by looking at them but concussions
are pretty pretty nasty things you know
a concussion is a serious serious
problem sometimes depends on the
severity if we'd known this on day one
would our public just demand a military
attack I'm kind of glad we didn't know
this this is one of those weird cases
where we're probably just better off we
didn't know I mean I
I have a lot of concern about these
troops can because concussions are a big
deal but I'm glad we didn't know because
I think we took the right path speaking
of her and Khomeini did a rare
appearance in which he did the the big
prayer that they do periodically and a
speech and referred to the president and
his supporters as in the government
anyway as American clowns and he went
out to say that that them pretending to
support the Iranian nation but they want
to stick a poison dagger into its back
which raises an interesting question
what is the translation from Farsi to
clown does cloud mean the same thing in
Iran does it does a cloud is do do
radios have clouds in Islam is there
such a thing as a clown because it might
not mean the same thing because he said
that they're clowns but they would be
using a poison dagger to stab you in the
back that's one scary clown now it also
seems a little bit of overkill do you
need a poison dagger if you're stabbing
somebody in the heart I say no
the stab in the heart probably gets it
done but a poison dagger that is some
kind of clown so do you really need a
venomous dagger I don't know if I hired
a clown and he showed up with a venomous
dagger I would fire that clown so I
think I think clown means something
different but it's interesting that the
supreme leader had to call out the fact
that America at least it's government
and some of its people we keep saying
that we're standing with the Iranian
people that's what the president said in
a tweet and he said they lie if you are
standing with the Iranian people it is
only just stab them in the heart with
your venomous daggers and I'm thinking I
think Trump wins on this
because if the supreme leader is trying
to explain why we keep acting friendly
to their population that's the
conversation we want him to have to
explain because you want the Iranians
say what do you mean the United States
says it stands with the population of
Iran did he actually say that I hadn't
heard that because I don't have the
Internet
but now I've heard it because the
supreme leader had to defend it
I think the supreme leader just fell for
the trick that Democrats have been
falling for for three years which is
they're talking about the topic that
Trump wants them to talk about what
topic would Trump most want the
Ayatollah to have to talk about with his
own public the fact that the United
States says unambiguously we side with a
population of Iran
let's talk about that some more well
let's defend out that's not true and he
had to come up with this weird venomous
dagger clown to argue that it's not true
he didn't even have a reason he had an
analogy that's it how about giving us a
reason not an analogy a reason all right
what else we got going on here so if you
didn't hear Michael Shellenberger
testified in front of Congress at least
one part of Congress and used the phrase
green nuclear deal now congratulations
to mark Schneider who may be watching
this right now for coming up with green
nuclear deal as a great way to package
the idea of nuclear being the best way
to to address climate change and it's
now made its way to Congress so it's now
headline something that Congress has
seen it is framed it in their minds a
little bit differently and
congratulations to all of you because I
know that you know I try to boost both
of these these people as much as
possible Michael
Berger and March nighter but I can't do
that alone of course without all of you
who follow me on Twitter so you've done
the same and look what you did
look what you did now I've been telling
you for a long time that our republic
has been replaced by some kind of a
social media model where the government
can't really do what social media won't
allow them to do if there's too much of
a response on social media so we're no
longer a republic where they just go off
and make decisions they really have to
watch social media and respond and here
you saw a perfect example the people
with good ideas bubble those good ideas
up until some people with blue
checkmarks including me lots of other
people too we're also part of this but
people with the blue checkmark said huh
look there's some good ideas from people
who do not have blue checkmarks
I will boost those ideas i boost them
some other other people boost them and
next thing you know there's a
conversation in front of Congress a
perfect example of what the the
government has evolved into for good I
think that's positive let me talk about
the question of betting on climate
change a lot of people have said two
things one why are the insurance
companies acting as though climate
change is not a risk you hear that all
the time right the the people who think
climate change is not a big problem say
if it were a big problem would and not
be reflected in our insurance rates for
people who have property on the coast
turns out if you do a little googling on
this question the insurance regulators
and companies are really really
concerned about this so it's one of the
biggest issues in the insurance business
is that there might be bankruptcy level
risk from climate change so we are we
are definitely at the point
where for example apparently coal plants
are having a tough time getting
insurance so more companies are getting
out of the business of insuring coal
companies somehow because of climate
risk I don't know if that means that the
coal companies are likely to be to be
sued I'm not sure exactly why they're
getting had that business but they are
and if they keep getting out of that
business you can't have a coal plant
because if you can't get insurance you
can't have a business at least not a
business of that scale so it could be
that the insurance companies will put
coal and a business just by not insuring
but here's the point I wanted to get to
if you're wondering how can you make
money by being so right in your opinion
that climate change is not a risk here's
a way to bet on it
there are index funds called spiders
slight difference but let's call it an
index fund of insurance companies you
can find a basket of insurance companies
that are collected for you in a in a
fund called a spider
here's one example this isn't this is
not a financial recommendation I'm only
talking about the concept of investing
I'm not telling you you should invest in
this called KBW insurance it's a low fee
insurance fund if you look at the the
growth of that fund it's been pretty
much consistently up since 2009 2009 it
took a dip to like five dollars but it's
up to 35 so this group of insurance
companies is seven times higher in the
stock price that it was at the 2009 dip
if you think climate change is not an
issue that would be a good way to bet
because in theory you should be able to
get these insurance companies relatively
cheap because there will be so many
other people who think they're going to
go in
business because of because of climate
change so it turns out that there is a
pretty clean bet you could make which is
that insurance companies are already
under priced because they don't have
that real risk of climate change but if
you believe the other way well I suppose
you could you could bet that it's going
down so there's actually a market for
that and at the moment it looks like the
market is betting that insurance
companies will be fine but it looks like
we're based on just the chatter you see
when you when you google insurance
companies and climate change it looks
like that's right on the edge of maybe
changing so I think it's possible that
that insurance companies and this index
are gonna drop like a rock in the next
five years so you could wait for the dip
again I'm not giving you financial
advice I'm talking about the concept of
betting on climate change I'm not
telling you you should do it I'm just
saying it's doable so wait for a big
drop in on climate in insurance
companies as everybody panics I'm sure
that will come that if you believe
there's no real risk jump in but not
advice just something that can be done
alright if you believe that you should
short the stock some people say that is
correct all right so I think that's all
we got
let me give you an update on my studio
situation because I think it's a fun
concept for the last few years I've been
trying to upgrade the quality of this
what you're watching try to get a bigger
bigger attention etc I have spent maybe
thirty or forty thousand dollars trying
to do it so far so far for two years I'm
thirty
$40,000 of effort nothing I've done has
been as good as sitting in front of my
iPad with a cheap little $20 clip-on
lavalier sitting at my desk now if I can
find something that's better than that
I'm gonna do it now I put another $9,000
into it this week I bought a box from
Telestream a company that would allow me
to in theory livestream to a number of
different platforms at the same time I
have tried OBS software I've tried
Wirecast software at just the software
version this is the hardware version
that has Wirecast built in if you do
podcasting you've heard of Wirecast so
it's a software that allows you to
stream to different platforms in theory
the hardware it will solve by problems
that I couldn't solve every other way
but I've been wrong every time so I'll
let you know so I'm gonna be working
then on that over the weekend the level
you're abusing is just something I
bought off of amazon.com I just bought
whenever one had a high high rating
they're very cheap so you're talking
about you know 16 dollars or twenty
dollars apparently the professional one
isn't that much better somebody says
it's your room that needs more tuning oh
if you had this problem with Amazon do
you buy things on Amazon that end up
being the miniature of the thing you
thought you were buying so a few weeks
ago I bought some bins you know those
big plastic bins for storage I thought
I'm gonna get some big plastic bins and
put stuff in them and the plastic bins
show up and they're only this big I
didn't even know anybody made plastic
bins that are only this big I ended up
with the miniatures because I looked at
the pictures I didn't even look at the
specs I didn't even know anybody made a
little plastic bin it looked like a big
plastic bin but is only this big and
then the other day I bought a microphone
screen it's a it's a cushioned screen
this sits around your microphone
to shield it from noise coming from the
backside so I buy this scream to put it
out of my desk and I'm looking at it I'm
thinking well obviously you know the
things probably this big and I get it
it's like only this big it's a miniature
so I keep buying miniatures because I
don't check the sizes of stuff anyway
don't don't be like me all right I told
you I would teach you a method for
solving your anxiety I'm gonna do that
as soon as I've got a little more crisp
crispness on that and I will I'll do
that at a different time
all right it's all for now