hey everybody come on in it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams without the
coffee with a twist this time is Scott
Adams without the coffee with the coffee
didn't see that coming did you know you
got to be quick sorry I jumped the gun
and the simultaneous it but we'll catch
you in the morning well we've got all
kinds of good stuff happening from now
on I determined that we will only be
having good news sure you could have
some bad news
between now and Election Day but mostly
let's have good news and let's talk
about all the good news we'll talk about
that in a moment but we're going to work
through some of the best stories number
one there's a prediction outfit must be
in England I don't know where they are
but they're called Oxford Economics and
they have run the model yes a prediction
model now I don't have to tell you that
prediction models are pretty darn
accurate aren't they I guess we've
learned that so they've got a prediction
model that says Joe Biden is going to
beat Trump in the election by quote
historic margins and it's all open to
the fact that their model shows that
when the economy is bad and obviously
it's taking the hit that's bad for the
incumbent and so their model spits out
an historic wind by Biden this might
raise some questions in your mind you
might say to yourself a model you say is
it an elegant and rational model built
by geniuses with all the right
intentions could be it could be or or is
it possible that this model has
few small flaws one flaw would be I
don't know which field you input that
the candidates brain has turned to
sawdust is that it is that a box you
check before you run the model so a
brain of the of the Challenger still
functional
excellent rotting into sawdust while he
while he decomposes in his basement I'll
bet that's not even an option on the
model I mean I'm guessing likewise I
wonder if their model that shows
economic hardships takes into account
the rarest of situations where you're
pretty sure it's temporary and it wasn't
anybody's fault do you think that any
historical model of what people thought
about the economy under normal times and
what they thought about the leadership
under normal times do you think any of
this could apply to this situation I
don't even think Democrats really think
Trump is to blame for the bad economy
are they that dumb I like to think
Democrats are not that dumb right they
can see with their own eyes and stuff
that the entire world just got crushed
about equally and so you could you know
you could quibble about you know this is
that the president should have done more
with testing or whatever but the plain
fact is all the countries are doing
about the same it does it doesn't matter
seems to not matter what you do all
right so that was a very valuable
prediction model there I don't know how
long it'll be before people just laugh
when they hear there's a prediction
model you know if somebody says I got a
model and it's predicting you should
just stop him say stop stop don't finish
the sentence you're just embarrassing
yourself because as soon as you said I
have a prediction model I didn't really
need to hear the end of the sentence
because we've been down that month I
wrote a little bit a lot of many of you
asked asked me to look into Peters
shifts opinion about all the printing
and money and borrowing and such because
I made the provocative statement that
there don't seem to be any economists
who are saying it's a bad idea just to
print yourself a few trillion dollars
and in fact I can't think of any reason
you shouldn't so I'm not even
criticizing I'm saying I feel like there
should be a problem with this right you
know don't you pay for it later somehow
because prices inflation dad something
something yeah how do you just
manufacturer trillions of dollars and
then go about your day and say well that
worked out pretty well I'm glad there
was no no no bounce back from that so
Peter Schiff seems to be maybe the most
prominent voice arguing that we're all
doomed by doing exactly this you know
manufacturing money out of nothin
creating debt etc but you click on his
profile and one on one of his URLs is
something about gold so he's a gold guy
and he's got I think a book so his
entire brand is is basically dedicated
to the prediction that were doomed
so he's betting he's betting on his
prediction essentially because
presumably he has hedged himself with
gold and you know he'll be the one who's
right if it happens now suppose it
doesn't happen suppose we don't get that
we don't get that well Peter Schiff gets
to live his good life he probably has a
good income from whatever he's done
before and he gets to enjoy the you know
the good economy with everybody else if
it goes that way but what if he's right
well then he becomes one of the few
people who wins if he's set himself up
right to win when the market goes down
and I imagine he's betting
his own prediction right so here's the
thing and I'll say this a million times
until until it's so ingrained in you
that I don't have to say it every time
which is people can be credible and
still wrong and they can be not credible
at all but they just still get lucky
there you still be right or they can
just be right you just didn't know if
they were right all right so what I talk
about credibility that's different from
knowing if somebody is right or wrong
because that's unknowable nobody knows
the future Peter Schiff I think you
should view him as not credible number
one obviously you know if lots of people
were saying what he was saying then that
would add to his credibility so look for
that you know look for other people to
be saying exactly what he's saying
except look for people who don't have
any kind of game it's not their brand
it's not the other reputation they don't
have a book they're not invested in gold
in a big way something like that so if
other people are joined to join him in
the opinion that would bolster his
credibility but again we don't know if
he's right at the moment I would say
that the way he's positioned himself
publicly so this is not this is not
based on any insight into his mind I you
know I don't know what he's thinking or
anything like that but based on how he's
positioned himself he should not be
deemed as credible on this exact
question because he's got too much of a
bad on all right which doesn't mean he's
wrong just means you shouldn't bet on
him based on reputation so the White
House press secretary Kaley maconnais I
had another good day she makes a
highlight clips every day it seems like
today was especially good because of
course she was ready for the question
you know what about the president and
hydroxychloroquine now of course the
whole point of the question is to create
news and nothing because the whole
hydroxychloroquine story is nothing it
literally is nothing it's one patient
talked to his doctor
and got different advice than maybe you
would have but it's pretty reasonable
that's it that's the whole story
somebody talked to his doctor different
advice than maybe you would have gotten
but it's also a different situation
that's it that's that's the whole story
so they have to try to manufacture that
into something so if they can get that
yeah the White House spokesperson to
misspeak to say something that's a
little ambiguous you could you can craft
that into something make a little news
out of that but turns out that Kelley
Makani was not having any of that so she
gave she started out with a just real
solid answer that this drug has been
used for other things and tested for
years doctors have been prescribing it
you know well-known safety profile good
solid answer and then you know you and
then she said that you should only be
done with your doctor and that was
really good because you know she was
emphasizing that the the president did
it in consultation with a doctor that's
the only way to do it you know don't be
don't be running out and trying to score
your own you know aftermarket drugs or
anything like that that that's me saying
that matter but very responsible solid
hit hit the important notes without too
much you know extra detail and I thought
she was done and I don't know if I'm
remembering this the way I want to
remember it but you know she's got this
thing where she's got her notebook and
and when she turns a page you know
you're in trouble she looks down it's
like and then she gets that little smile
and then you know you're in trouble I
don't know if she did it this time I'd
have to play it back but I hope she did
like I hope it becomes a trademark like
I want to I want to know that just
before she pounces she always she always
looks up at the person who asked the
question and then without looking down
at the page just goes because she
already knows what page it's off see
it's better if she already knows what
page it's on so she doesn't have to
yeah it's just and then or so anyway the
second part of the question there she
unloads on she goes just before I came
in here I just found out that Chris
Cuomo had taken the dangerous version
the predecessor of hydroxychloroquine
called quinine which is you know so so
dangerous it's not even allowed I guess
is like banned substance or something so
it's like you have three generations
more dangerous than hydroxychloroquine
so much so that because
hydroxychloroquine exists quinine is not
even you know allowed now I don't know
if that's true I need a little bit more
confirmation that we actually know that
Chris Cuomo took quinine how would we
even know that right but does it matter
okay doesn't matter because the way she
delivered it was just perfect she just
said I just found out that Chris Cuomo
was doing the dangerous version of that
and you know you're just looking at the
screen and you just saying oh really
that's just perfect that's just perfect
quinine is in tonic water so so I think
it's fair to say we may not know the
whole story but in terms of a White
House spokesperson response to that kind
of question not bad I'll give that an A+
so if you're not any thinking about
what's going to replace the handshake I
spend way too much time thinking about
this because we've sort of evolved
socially that the handshake is that
exclamation at the Younce the it's the
punctuation at the end of a meeting it's
like a good see ya
have a good day so you know you're done
we really do need something to replace
it I don't think we can just take out
the handshake and just go about our life
because everything will be awkward you
need something that says all right you
and I have both agreed that this is now
the the conclusion of our meeting
so shake hands and walk away but it's
not a handshake now I know you can say
you know fist bumps and you know elbow
hits and stuff like that I feel like we
can do better
no not the high-five you know because
you don't want the touching so how about
the you know salute about a bow or yeah
you get the little prayer hands you know
like ah you know that the belly bump
they had nob the kiss now the kiss would
make it worse
somebody says they'll be doing the
slight bow the two finger salute wave
yep the two figures salute wave that's
funny
a lot of people say bowing and they had
God I don't know all of those things
feel not final enough like a handshake
is physical it sounds like a you know
like you know that you've ended a
meeting when you shake hands
all right well work on that and get back
to me what is up with Howard Stern
I guess he's continuing to say that the
he hates Trump supporters you know not
just Trump but he hates Trump supporters
and you know obviously Howard Stern is
smart enough to know you know what is
just good for publicity and and what is
not and what is real what is not so I
can't tell if he's just doing this to be
provocative
can you tell now a but there might be
some truth to it in the sense that there
are you know a certain segment of Trump
supporters that he actually doesn't like
I mean that wouldn't be unusual but I
feel like he's just being provocative so
we should pay it too much heed so let me
give you an example of what good
thinking looks like and then I'll give
you an example of what bad thinking
looks like all right the good thinking
comes from Nate Silver who once again
his Twitter feed is like solid gold if
you're not if you're not following Nate
Silver you know and if you have maybe
some political you know thing because he
thought Hillary it was going to win the
election or something you should release
on all that stuff
if you've got any you know bias against
them for politics you really ought to
follow up because it's just the the best
written tweets with the most useful
content about how to understand your
world so we had another one today so he
says in general critiques of
governmental responses to coronavirus
don't do enough to account for the fact
that are a lot of unknowns surrounding
the virus an optimal policy is likely to
be different when there are a lot of
unknowns do you know anybody else who
said that I did
so some version of that but then he goes
off he goes that is you probably want a
policy that is nimble you need to
collect data quickly and be ready to
adapt to it
multifaceted there inevitably has to be
some element of trial and error as you
learn about what works and what doesn't
now you may recognize this as being very
similar sort of like a like a shadow
cousin of things I've been saying and my
version of this goes like this that I I
agree in advance not to blame anybody
for getting this wrong so long as
they're quickly adapting to mistakes so
it's a version of what are you saying
which is this is not like a known
problem where if it were a known problem
you'd say oh did they use the known
solution and then you could say yes or
no then you'd know if somebody did a
good job but with an unknown kind of a
problem with lots of variables and you
know there's more we don't know than we
do as Natan suggests and as I have a
number of times the best you can do is
do something that's it the best you can
do is to do something and you hope that
you've got enough people doing enough
different things and you're watching
each other that if somebody gets lucky
and does the right thing not because
they were smart but because people were
just doing different things they didn't
know what to do and and then you quickly
adapt and say oh oh masks that looks
like it works out testing let's let's
test the way they're testing so I will
extend this to make a good
a promise I made you two months ago
maybe and the promise was this that I
was gonna hold blameless any of the
leaders who made wrong decisions because
it just wasn't a situation in which
making a right decision was even an
option except by luck yeah a few cases
maybe not and I'm gonna I'm gonna prove
that by telling you that I don't think
that I'm going to this is my personal
view right you you will get to make up
your own mind my personal view is I'm
not gonna hold Andrew Cuomo governor of
New York responsible just my opinion
just this is just personal all right you
can you can disagree not I'm not gonna
fight you out just my personal view just
philosophically morally and ethically
worried we're asking these leaders to
make suicide political decisions on our
behalf that's what we're asking them to
do right so do I think that every
decision that Governor Cuomo made in
hindsight was the right one no that's
not how it works we don't get to do that
hindsight's not affair they're they're
all making decisions they're doing their
best you know they're made they're
making suicide political decisions for
you right for you there's nothing
there's nothing in it for these guys
these are really dangerous waters
they're in and they jumped right in
right no no governor said I quit right
which governor walked away none none 50
governors went right toward the fire
right so you got to give them a little
bit of ethical flexibility you know from
from your own perspective meaning
that sometimes they're gonna make the
wrong decisions and I just don't think
under the the crisis situation where
there was so much guessing that you
should judge them for anything except
the way they corrected that's it so I'm
gonna hold the Andrew Cuomo as blameless
as I will hold all of the other leaders
including the president including all
the other governors because nobody knew
the right thing to do period that's it
all right so Nate silver represents what
a smart person sounds like when they
talk about judging the performance of
the leaders let's talk about somebody
else's view on the same topic this is
somebody named SE Cupp over at CNN and
let me read again mates mates the
sentence so that you have the contrast
so I'll reread Nate's smarter sentence
and then se Cups statement soand they
said in general critiques of governments
of responses to coronavirus don't do
enough to account for the fact that
there are lots of unknowns surrounding
the virus and optimal policy is like to
be different below here's what I see cup
says the president has by any metric
bungled the coronavirus response by any
metric he's bungled it any metric so so
if I had a metric to suggest the SE Cupp
says doesn't even matter what it is any
metric it's given be a bungle so let's
run through a few okay let's run through
a few metrics how did the President of
the United States do compared to the
leaders of other countries don't know
doesn't look that different to me
because we don't know what's different
about the United States etc so it has if
you were to use the metric of comparing
him to other leaders is he better or
worse don't know so there's a metric
that you would not say he's doing
unambiguously the worse has he by any
metric bungled well if he has bungled
he's bungled about the same as every
leader on
earth because there's sort of all the
same how about the economy well I would
say that the stock market is the the
indicator that tells you the most about
where you're going you know we know
where we are and everybody's in bad
shape where we are but the stock market
is a forward forward indicator what is
the stock market say about President
Trump the stock market says President
Trump is going to beat this thing all
the way back to a good economy that's
what it says it's priced for recovery so
if you were to divide the situation into
two parts there's the economic part and
and all that that implies including life
and death and then there's more purely
medical part about you know do we have
enough ventilators and real medical
stuff on the economic part the I would
say the metric that captures the most is
the stock market now that doesn't mean
everybody's in the stock market I'm not
saying everybody you know benefits when
the stock market goes up I'm just saying
as a metric for for measuring what peep
the smartest people who have money think
is going to happen with the economy
they're giving it an A all right I mean
this market is priced for near
perfection that's sort of Finance Talk
meaning that it's an expensive market
for how much the earnings are at the
moment so you're really expecting
something really good to happen in the
next year or else the stock market price
doesn't make any sense so half of all
the things you could care about the
economy and all that implies is strong I
would say that metric is about as strong
as it could possibly be given the
circumstance let's see other metrics how
about number of ventilators pass/fail
the number of ventilators is a pass/fail
you either have enough or you don't and
you fail that's a metric
president got him enough you know I'm
the PPE that you know individual places
had trouble
but in general we got enough so on the
PPE got enough how about people starving
to death as anybody starved to death in
the United States none right zero now
that's more as probably has more to do
with the states but you know the federal
government back stops the states
pass-fail zero zero people starve to
death that's the path you know during a
crisis that's bad that's a pretty big
deal how about let's see how about
flattening the curve did the United
States flatten the curve it looks like
we did yeah
so I don't know which you know I don't
know what numbers SE Cupp is looking at
we probably agree on testing not being
enough and the president sort of
overselling where we were on testing he
sort of over sells everything so i
discounted that as being you know
necessarily an important anything
because you know he's always gonna over
sell everything but do you know that so
it doesn't even it doesn't even seem
dishonest cuz he'll tell you I'm gonna
oversell everything I mean if he asked
if he'd tell you directly yeah I'm over
selling that that's what I do I think or
something like that now I saw a piece
from Carlos continue if I remember his
name right they and I don't I didn't see
a link to it so I need a fact check in
this but apparently JP Morgan has quote
a devastating piece arguing that
infection rates have declined not
increased in states where lock downs
have ended even even when they allow for
the fact that there's a time lag
apparently even allowing for that things
are going opposite of what you would
expect now I'm not so sure this is true
but it's provocative it also reminds us
that every time
we think we can count with something
accurately we can't count anything
accurately so those of you are getting
happy in the comments I can see that
you're celebrating the news I don't know
that this is true I would be a little
suspicious in this because it doesn't
quite match with you know my
expectations for what that's worth all
right here's a fun little fact now keep
in mind that in the age of the
coronavirus literally every story you
hear from every source lacks credibility
can we agree on that
there's no such thing as a study that
you can trust the report you could trust
an anecdotal story you can trust there's
nothing you can trust so in the spirit
of knowing there's absolutely no story
you can trust let me tell you this story
apparently over in India 10,000 Mumbai
policemen were offered
hydroxychloroquine to take to
prophylactically to prevent them from
giving problems of the ten thousand
about forty five hundred of them did a
good job of taking it and the rest of
them refused so they've got it they had
forty five hundred police officers and
many of them were apparently around
enough coronavirus that that there were
in fact infections and here's the result
of the group that took the
hydroxychloroquine there were zero
deaths zero on the group that decided
not to take the hydroxychloroquine nine
deaths and those who who got the virus
in the group that had the
hydroxychloroquine had quote mild
attacks now this is of course an
anecdotal report and also not
necessarily a source that you should say
is a hundred percent credible somebody's
asking about zinc and it was not
mentioned so I don't know if the fact
that it's not mentioned
means they didn't use it so that's an
open question but I wouldn't expect good
results without it and again even that's
not credible so we don't know if the
think really makes a difference I know I
ordered some I know I got my zinc
supplements coming in the mail but that
doesn't mean it works so here's what I
love about this I don't know that this
is true and if it is true it's not a
scientific study I suppose you could say
still the odds of it the odds of the
hydroxyl chloroquine not making a
difference if all they did is count the
numbers right if all they did was have a
good idea who actually took the
hydroxychloroquine and they also counted
the number of infections and deaths
correctly probably statistically it's
pretty darn on luck unlikely that all
the deaths would be in one group nine of
them nine to zero what you know could
somebody do the odds on that here do the
odds of us or somebody here who's good
at it so so you had two groups one of
them is 4,500 people and they had zero
deaths and the other group and that was
the group that took the hydroxyl
chloroquine the other group was 5,500 so
it's a larger group and they had nine
deaths so in the comments we'll see how
fast you can do the statistics on that
what are the odds that that would just
if it's true you know who knows if it
even happened but what would be the odds
of it coming out 9 to 0 just just
randomly if anybody can do that I'll be
watching the comments all right here's a
comment that came in to me from Timothy
Piper and it's a really good observation
and it's gonna make you wonder why you
didn't already see it on TV
somebody says point o1 you sure about
that and here's the observation that the
reason the Flynn was tagged as maybe
working with Russia too much as they he
had too much communication with Keyes
lyac as somebody else is saying
17% looks like it looks like most of you
are bad as statistics or I can't tell if
you're just guessing your numbers are
all over the place so he says one in 20
it's not 1 in 20 I don't know what it is
but it's definitely but it's a lot more
than 1 in 20 or not a lot less than that
alright it looks like looks like nobody
here can do statistics so well we'll put
that on hold so here was the idea if
lemon was talking to his li act more
than normal
does that mean he's a Russian spy now of
course that was the suspicion that Comey
allegedly had allegedly he was concerned
that there was too much talking with the
Russians but what Tim Piper pointed out
is that this was an unusual
administration normally in an
administration incoming is a bunch of
people who've been around forever and
the Russians would know them so yeah
means the Russians work in Washington DC
quite a bit so anybody who's a standard
politician on either party they've been
around a while well the Russians already
know them but suppose the Trump
administration comes in and they
basically know one guy flip but they
they need to get up to speed but they
only know one guy
they just know the one guy because all
the Trump people are just like you know
came from Mars so the Russians didn't
already know him so would it surprise
you if the Russians being of course
concerned about your relationships and
all the different dealings of the United
States would it surprise you since they
only knew one guy that they might talk
to him a lot yeah when you as soon as
you hear that you say to yourself well
that makes sense
yeah the Trump administration didn't
have you know they just didn't have much
knowledge of
them so if they could find one guy who
take a phone call he probably got a lot
of calls this is that the most routine
obvious explanation for what probably
happened I mean we weren't there but
that's the most likely explanation is
that they just didn't know a lot of
people so they called them a lot all
right what about manna fort what about
him
I see you're all still we're trying to
work out the math on that I guess I was
harder than I thought it was I don't
know why you're asking about Manafort
because that's just sort of a different
situation did you hear that
michael cohen will be serving the rest
of his time at home so basically michael
cohen gets convicted and sentenced to
jail but because of the corona virus his
jail sentence turned into the exactly
the same jail sentence that you and I
have which is you got to stay home
that's it so basically basically I'm
being penalized the same as Michael
Cohen somebody says you hypnotize us
every day it's crazy it is crazy it's
totally crazy somebody says I don't
think you framed the math question well
well I wasn't framing it I was just
telling you the only numbers I have two
groups of people nine died none died in
the other that's all I know so if you if
that's enough to work with it go nuts
all right
so I think it's gonna be all good news
from now on we're getting to hear about
the therapies and therapeutics and you
can hear about curves getting bent you
could hear about people going back to
work and you're gonna be hearing a lot
of good stuff and I told you that the
home prices where I live didn't go down
at all so the real estate prices where I
live no change the houses are selling
above asking
still yeah as of this week they're
selling above asking price amazing and
apparently it's just easier for the real
estate agents because they don't have to
show houses now yeah they could just say
look at this video because I'm not going
to show it to you till you're really
serious so the the real estate brokers
are working less and making more money I
think at least in some cases that you're
also seeing I think California said it
might do something a little faster
there's that and you heard about you
heard about the cruise ships are already
being overbooked so of all things if you
were going to pick one indicator that
made you feel optimistic this is the one
cruise ships for 2021 are overbooked
cruise ships cruise ships are overbooked
everybody who's betting against this
economy coming back quickly I think
you're really on a risky bet because
people are ready to ready to rumble and
look at the stock market the stock
market is basically I mean it's it's
close enough to where it was when things
were good that I think people will act
like they still have money because they
do as long as the stock market stays up
you have to disprove the null hypothesis
well that seems like a general statement
but I'll take that advice I have to do
that all right that's all I got for now
and yeah most of the cruise ship stuff
is rebooking people who didn't want to I
don't give away their ticket forever or
something but still but still alright
that's all for now and I will talk to
you in the morning you know where