did you do bump-bump bump-bump
you know the best advice that I ever got
on these periscopes are the people who
said Scott move the camera back further
further it's like when you watch movie
stars from let's say people move East
ours who are none their prime any more
and they just add the gauze you know
that the effects you can't see the
wrinkles and stuff well that works for
me too every year I'm just gonna move
the camera a little bit further away
I'll never stop doing this I'll just get
so small as I move the camera further
and further away that you just can't see
me and then then I'll just be gone well
I know why you're here is it because of
the World Series no it's not is it
because of the killing of El Baghdady
well not entirely you're here for the
simultaneous up you're here for coffee
with Scott Adams and why wouldn't you
because you're smart you're with it
you're aggressive and you've got it all
going on I would say you're more
confident and better looking than even
yesterday and yesterday was pretty good
so if you'd like to enjoy the
simultaneous it it doesn't take much no
not much at all all you need is a cup of
micro glass of snifter signed cellist
anchor thermos flask canteen grilled
goblet vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the dopamine hits of the
day the thing that makes everything
better the best part of your day so far
the simultaneous up go oh yeah it
doesn't get better every time it's not
your imagination it's actually designed
to be better every time it builds on
itself so how about that
so let's talk about some things in the
news there's a lot of tragedy going
around one of them is California so
California has sort of turned into that
prank if you ever heard the prank where
you take a paper bag and you fill it
with feces and they put it on somebody's
porch and you set it on fire and then
you ring the doorbell and then the
person comes out and they say yeah
there's a fire under my porch and they
start stomping out the fire but they're
stomping on them bag of poop well
California is turned into that prank
we're on fire and people are pooping
everywhere now there is some chance that
the fire will burn some of the poop but
as someone pointed out recently
ironically the the national symbol for
California is a bear it's the bear and
we actually have a confirmed answer to
the age-old question does a bear in
the woods not in California no way
the woods are on fire in California even
the Bears are on the sidewalk
it's the only place that isn't on fire
and of course they don't like to go
where there's no light so that limits
their options to soive as you know the
the whole state is either in a blackout
or on fire and even if you're not
directly affected as my house just by
amazing luck my house is in this narrow
corridor where I'm actually technically
in the blackout zone but my specific
address isn't quite there yet so I have
electricity so far
I've taken Christine and I have taken in
some
people who don't have electricity I
think a lot of Californians are going to
be taken in take it in people so we've
got a couple of a couple of new
residents in my house and for as long as
the things till we get some till they
get some electricity where they live I
put in a an order not an order but a
request for information from Tesla to
see about their a wall battery thing so
they have a product if you didn't know
Tesla makes a big battery for your home
that you can charge up with your solar
and then it will run they say for seven
days if you have a power outage or run
for seven days without having to be
recharged now my expectation is that I
won't even get a call back because I
have to think there are a lot of people
calling Tesla this week and saying or
Tesla hello I don't have any electricity
I don't like it I would like to get one
of your batteries so that the next time
this happens
I eat next year because it's going to
happen again I would like to have a
battery so I'm probably one of a lot of
people who called Tesla recently or
emailed them and said some version of
can you give me some information on your
battery I don't expect that I will hear
from them actually however if I had a
way to directly this is not what I'm not
giving you investment of advice never
take investment advice from a cartoonist
just remember that and I haven't looked
into this but if there's any pure way to
invest in those Tesla home batteries
well we think this would be the time to
do it because I I can't imagine that
they have any left in stock they must be
making those things as quickly as they
can place them because there's got to be
a lot of people like me who just said
maybe now is the time maybe new so we'll
see those
you saw the president Trump went to the
World Series yesterday and because
people can find anything to complain
about they complained that he must be a
bad father because he didn't take bear
into the game to which I said that
sounds like someone who's never met a
teenager do you know what teenagers
don't want to do go to a game with their
parents it's literally the last thing
they'd ever want to do Hey I'd like to
spend my night with my parents said no
teenager ever so that's pretty funny
that anybody thinks that Barron would
have wanted to do that I doubt it
so anyway I stole the joke about the
bear shooting in the woods from Don or
Dan Don McDaniel who may or may not be
watching this if you are good joke tom
thank you so I asked you yesterday if if
you would give Matt Gaetz congressman
Matt Gaetz a follow on Twitter to get
his attention so that I could coax him
to appear as a guest on this periscope
and we did manage to get him several
thousand new followers I don't know how
many I was trying for ten thousand I
think we had several thousand as of
yesterday and still rising but he did
respond and he said yes so I've got a
message in to him to see if we can pull
get a real schedule together did you
notice that he was he was at the World
Series with President Trump and Melania
so so yes yes some good access so we'll
all try to schedule him and I'll let you
know in advance and that will be a lot
of fun all right let's talk about Elle
bag Devi you used to be called bag daddy
but I like to call him bag
daddy because it's funnier I saw
somebody on Twitter say that Trump is
such a badass that not only did he kill
Baghdady but then he talked him in
public after that that's like the
ultimate badass right he kills him and
then he goes in the trash talks him in
public to which I said no nope it's
better than that it's better than that
he didn't just kill him the last thing
that he made Baghdady do before he died
was kill his own children three of them
now you think it's bad that Trump didn't
take Baron to the World Series well I
think Baghdady might not be father of
the year either so that's how bad a bad
of a bad ass Trump is he didn't just
kill him he made him kill his own
children on in the in the process and
then he trash-talked him
so that's that's a pretty complete
victory Mayer Times is reporting that
the Syria withdrawal was almost ruined
that the Syria withdraw almost ruined
the Baghdady
operation so in their telling of the
story the operation was a success
despite Trump not because of him that
the the biggest obstacle to success was
Trump himself so that's the New York
Times version of the story okay this is
a perfect example of the type of story
that you shouldn't take too seriously
because there were a lot of variables
and it might you know the basic part of
it might be true it might be true that
we had a had a bead on this guy and it
might be true that if we brought our
assets out in the in a too hasty way
that we would lose it and it might be
true that we decided to act while the
acting was good that might all be true
but
it doesn't make it a mistake that Trump
was trying to pull out because obviously
the decision to pull out was independent
of the decision or the you know the
question about what Baghdady whether he
lived or died we preferred that he died
but the withdrawal was going to happen
anyway
it happened had to happen somewhere now
what we don't know if there was anything
about the withdrawal which made it any
easier to get Baghdady
we know from the New York Times
reporting that there was some thought
that we lost an opportunity for an
easier way to get him you know if he
were moving his locations we'd get him
when he's on the move so there was some
thought that we had to do it the hard
way because of trumps pulling out of
Syria but who knows how long Baghdad he
would have stayed there who knows who
knows if our pulling out cause some
extra let's say extra intelligence
sources to come forward do it oh so
there's a lot we don't know about that
but I just think that as a general rule
it's always fair to give the
commander-in-chief the win for a win the
wins a win you know I gave Obama full
credit for getting bin Laden I give the
same treatment to trump full credit for
getting Baghdady
now a few months from here you know what
once were past the sort of the the
political interpretation of everything I
would like to point out an interesting
dog that didn't bark effect now you
could have to fact-check beyond this so
fact check me hard on this I could be
wrong but I'm gonna make it make an
observation based on just my personal
experience it seems to me that the only
entity person or organization who is not
taking credit for killing Baghdady
here's the people who did it and we're
on the US military I think if you don't
count what Trump himself says but the
the actual military I don't know if
they've taken credit they've certainly
described what they did but isn't it
unusual and you know to their
everlasting credit that our military is
the only ones who didn't feel the need
to try to take credit that's
professional that is sort of
professional not sort of that's very
professional so it's it's impressive in
this lack you could easily imagine some
other personalities some other people
trying to take credit and saying well it
wasn't the president you know we were
the ones we were the ones on the ground
we're the ones who almost got shot and
they didn't now of course the President
did a very good job of making sure that
we understood what risk they were at how
brave they were how capable they were
and all that but I just think it's
notable that the people who were the
heroes are the euros didn't say anything
I mean that's exactly what you'd want
it's the best possible solution or
situation I've got a question for you
let me just put this idea into the
universe all right I don't think you've
heard this idea before I'm just gonna
put it out there purple hearts for the
dogs yes or no should the dogs who were
injured badly apparently I don't know
how many dogs but more than one I think
was in was injured but lived would you
like to see a Purple Heart ceremony for
the dogs because what's interesting
about the dogs is that they have this
symbiotic relationship with you know the
actual soldiers so much so that the
soldiers won't leave them behind you
know they don't even leave the dog
behind I mean it couldn't have been easy
you know I was trying to imagine how
hard it would be under the you know the
situation they were in to rescue a
wounded dog you know get it you know get
a cared for and transported all the way
back and all that that couldn't have
been easy so there were some there were
some you know military people who really
took a risk and put some some real
effort into protecting the dogs and
making sure that they came home so just
put that out there Purple Heart for the
dogs yes or no now I wouldn't want to
you know diminish I don't want to
diminish what it means to human beings
to get a Purple Heart because it's
obviously one of the you know it's one
of the more important recognitions you
could get because you've given you know
almost as much as you could give short
of your life if you get wounded so but I
think these particular dogs are not we
don't even think of them as dogs they're
they're basically just part of the
military at this point so I guess my
respect for the military dogs is so high
that I don't see it as an insult that
they could think you'd win an award that
our that a human could win in this
specific case in there the other case
I'd feel differently all right so looks
like a lot of people were on board with
that
let's talk about the Washington Post who
you probably all have all seen the story
Washington Post first headline
description of Baghdadi
after he was killed was that he was in
the austere religious religious scholar
he was an austere religious scholar okay
so people complained and said you know
if you happen to be the biggest rapist
murderer terrorist in the world maybe
you don't lead with austere religious
scholar you know maybe you lead with
rapist murderer be header terrorist
so the Washington Post heard the
complaints and they adjusted accordingly
and then the statement from one of their
executives in a tweet christine karate
kelly said regarding our l Baghdady
obituary the headline should never have
read that way and we changed it quickly
so what is our opinion of this well
obviously people have an opinion about
how fair or unbiased the reporting is
and it almost seems as if they just
couldn't give Trump the wind so they had
to soften in somehow but they did
respond to people pointing it out and
they did change it so under the 48-hour
rule under the 48-hour rule do we
forgive them is the apology accepted
well no because there's no apology let
me read it again this is not apology
they said they the headline should never
have read that way and we changed it
quickly that's not an apology right so
there's no apology to accept but there
is a clarification and the clarification
is that it was a mistake and then we
changed it quickly now there's a lot to
be desired
in this response I would call this a
deeply imperfect response and primarily
because it doesn't address what it did
to trust what it did to the customer
there's a victim here there's a victim
which is trust in the media the readers
and how they reacted to it
and they're not addressed so a proper
apology would in this isn't an apology
it's not an attempt at one but it would
address the victims if you will who is
inconvenienced who was offended who who
thought their line had been crossed but
they don't do that they just said I was
shouldn't it shouldn't happen we changed
it I'm gonna give that I'm gonna give
them a pass on that because they did
address it and change
yeah there are two things you're looking
for what is an apology when that makes
sense
and the other is did you fix it did you
do something about it and they did do
something about it I would say this is
the weakest way you could respond to a
mistake and actually still say that you
did something but I'm gonna accept it so
I accept it as a clarification that they
did not believe that that was you know
they're in their own opinion they didn't
do good work and so they improved it
people sometimes don't do good work
I would rather judge them by the fact
that they improved it and that's the
standard I would want to be judged by so
clearly I have made mistakes we'll make
mistakes plenty of them and I would like
to be judged by the same standard did I
fix it
if I fixed it that's how I'd like you to
judge me and I will do the same for them
let's talk about this Katy Hill story
Congress person Democratic politician in
California she got in trouble for well
the only thing that got her in trouble
ultimately was that she slept with a
subordinate on her staff and that's a
no-no so she resigned Mike sort of it
was asking on Twitter whether he should
consider running from that seat to which
I said hell yeah let me know sue me he
wants to do that I don't know why
anybody would want that job but if you
wanted to you'd be great
I can you imagine Congress with Mike
sort of itch in it come on that would be
the best thing ever you would you would
never stop having fun so yes I say the
only thing that Congress seriously needs
right now is a good shot at Mike sort of
itch but Mike if you're listening I
don't know why anybody would want that
life but if you do I'm a backer so I'll
help you
so here's my opinion on the Katy Hill
thing I totally understand why sleeping
with a subordinate has to be against the
rules I get that I get that what I feel
as if that's if that standard had always
existed and I think we could agree that
in some sense the standard has always
existed but was kind of ignored it's
sort of the the me2 movement that makes
us actually consider that a serious
thing more serious than has been
considered in the past so lots of places
have always taken it seriously but as a
society we're we're just sort of
catching up to the idea that maybe you
should just never do it just yeah how
about never never is the right answer
but here's the problem
if you had to guess how many people do
you think are happily married or happily
in a relationship that started with one
of them being the boss isn't that one of
the most common ways that people get
together and would you want to lose that
I mean if you look at the number of
people who apparently thought that was
their best their best way to you know
build a life I'm it was people making
their own decisions now I'm not talking
about any kind of coercive situation so
I think we'll all agree that if anybody
felt directly or indirectly any coercion
well that's completely bad so there's no
argument about that but how many babies
are you throwing out with the bathwater
in this case baby being literal because
I'll bet there are literally if I had to
guess I would say millions of babies
have been born in this country to a
couple in which they met when one was a
subordinate that one was the boss
probably millions and they don't seem to
be victims they're probably pretty happy
with their little baby
so I wonder is there no way to to keep
the good part the people who just said
well this person was my boss but it's
not my fault that I'm attracted so I
acted on it something like that there's
got to be a way I don't know I would
rather live in a world in which people
had a path to that it could be I'm just
brainstorming here imagine if you will
you don't want to go to human resources
because that starts a problem so you
might want to keep it to yourself but
but could you imagine and again this is
not this is not a real idea I'm just
brainstorming here could there be any
kind of private anonymous place you
could go to to sort of register so just
sort of register and and just register
out of the public eye and both of you
come in there and the subordinate says
in indirect language this there's no
coercion to this I'm totally on board
with this I really like my boss I like
to keep doing this and they just sort of
register it and then if nobody gives you
a problem for having a relationship or
nobody notices well you just go on with
your business but let's say he called
into HR and they say I'm not good you're
with a subordinate at that point only
you go to your registration place and
you say ah we anticipated this I've got
a signed statement from the subordinate
saying he or she is totally on board
with this it's all voluntary here's a
video of so you can see that there
they're not being forced to write it
there must be some way to solve that I
don't you know I don't know if anything
that I just suggested is practical but I
feel like we'd be losing a lot if you
take away the ability for people to be
attracted to subordinates and vice versa
I mean that's just the way people meet
alright I thought it was interesting
that apparently the military also killed
the ISIS of
official spokesperson so he killed the
head guy and then just before Trump
brands this guy is a whimpering dog who
died as a coward in the tunnel the
person who would most likely contradict
that statement was the ISIS spokesperson
and that person got killed too so it
looks like killing the spokesperson was
really well-timed
because the last thing you want is for
them type of spokesperson ooh somebody
asked me about when it would be a
problem for Adam Schiff that he's on
record as having visited Democrats donor
ed buck a number of times now ed buck is
accused of an in jail for apparently
he's accused of murdering a few young
men with overdoses who he planned to
have sex with other did have sex with
and Evan Schiff apparently visited buck
and leaves alive every time and I was
thinking how insulting is it to Adam
Schiff that he's so unattractive that
dead buck lets him live that's pretty
ugly
I think that's gotta sting so enough
about that all right
Martha Raddatz the host of ABC News was
talking to Adam Schiff and she she
called them on his accusations about
Trump and she said you have no evidence
of that yet whatsoever however so people
said hey EA ABC News is challenging
Adams chef for making statements that he
can't back up so your first your first
impression is oh that's a step in the
right direction because you want ABC
news to be challenging
Adam Schiff not just sort of allowing
him to speak and then moving on
but here's what I noticed you see that
they inject that wordy yet so she says
you have no evidence of that yet yet
what do you mean yet wouldn't that apply
to all of us although hey there let's
say I'll pick one of you out
how about serendipity 302 one hey
serendipity
you know you've been accused of being a
cannibal and eating children but there's
no evidence there's no evidence yet yet
maybe Adam Schiff is a mass murderer but
there's no evidence of that there's no
evidence of that yet yet and maybe
President Trump is just in there for the
money
but there's no evidence of that yet yet
it's coming yep
all right so every time you see yet from
a news person or a pundit you should say
to yourself that is manipulation that is
not that's not a simple statement of
observation the observation is there's
no evidence there's no evidence of that
you know that we can say that would be a
fair statement there's no evidence yet
there's not an unbiased statement that's
the most biased statement you can ever
make Joe Biden is very healthy there's
no indication that he's got major health
problems yet yet see how that works so
it looks like Joe Biden is going to be
starved out of the race I think
everybody agrees at this point that the
the donors are basically just going to
starve him out by not donating so it
looks like that's going to happen
Bill Maher had a very funny little
monologue
from his show on Friday we did that
around you can see into my Twitter feed
and he's pointing out humorously and
accurately that if the Democrats will
want to beat Donald Trump all they
really need to do is not act crazier
than him and then he goes through the
examples of how they're not they're not
pulling it off and it's pretty
devastating because he's you know he's
unambiguously rooting for that team and
and they they of course are great haters
of the President and still with all
those candidates they can't find one who
can get who can get any kind of momentum
and there's also not crazier than Trump
imagine imagine being a Democrat and you
really really want to win one I mean you
want to win so badly man do you want to
win and the people who are leading in
the polls are unambiguously crazier than
Trump it's the only thing they're trying
to fix you had one job Democrats find
somebody who's not as crazy as Trump you
know per your view of the world you had
one job just find anybody just anybody
your neighbor your your mechanic
somebody you work for can you find
somebody in the country to run who's not
obviously crazier than Trump well
apparently they can't do that now that
they do have some non crazy candidates
but they're so low in the polling that
yeah it's going to take a while for them
to be relevant if ever all right let's
talk about more about the World Series
so the reporting is that Trump got booed
at the World Series and I don't doubt
that that's true but when I listen to
the video and the listen to the audio on
the video
I just heard noise I don't know did you
sound like massive booing to you it
sounded more like just some combination
of some people were happy some work some
work yeah I guess some people were
chanting lock him up but it didn't
really come through on the video in the
audio so I wonder I wonder if that was
even important now I would expect that
every president would get some
combination of boos and cheers so
there's nothing in that apparently Trump
decided not to throw the first pitch
which is a it's a change in tradition
wouldn't be the first time he's changed
tradition was that a good idea
was it a good idea for Trump to refuse
to throw out the first pitch yes that
was a good decision if you're over 70
and somebody asks you to do something in
the sporting realm in front of the big
stadium the people don't do it that's it
if you're over 70 do not participate in
any element of a sporting competition
now if you're Andrew yang you can go
shoot some baskets in the gym and show
the video to the whole world
turns out Andrew yang is pretty good at
basketball pretty good athlete he's got
a good good jump shot probably probably
other good skills as well but if you're
70 plus do not accept the invitation to
do a sport related thing in front of the
world so the fact that Trump turned that
down I think is a credit to his good
judgment that was the right decision
have you noticed that the list of people
that Trump has defeated keeps getting
longer so started with you know the the
16 or so
GOP folks running for president he
defeated the entire field but part of
the field was the entire Bush dynasty so
Trump
destroyed the bush dynasty and then he
moved on and he destroyed the Clinton
dynasty he took out the strongest field
of Republicans that have ever been
filled it took out two dynasties and
just defeated Isis and do you know what
the critics a lucky lucky how many how
many how many armies terrorists
dynasties and and political operators do
you have to defeat before it doesn't
look like an accident anymore like at
what point does it not look like a like
an odd series of events all right let's
see what else we got going on here I was
asked on Twitter to talk about my daily
routine in in the context of maybe some
advice or how to do things efficiently
or have a system and so I thought I'd do
that I'll tell you a little bit about my
daily routine with the understanding
that the whole point of it is that if
there's anything I do that would be
useful for you
you could pick it up it goes like this
so the first thing is I was giving this
talk to a young person that I was
mentoring the other day now it's a young
person who likes to it was going to
school but on weekends likes to stay up
all night with friends literally all
night and then as sunday tries to get
depend on time and tries to get up on
time for school and I explained to her I
said that sleep is one of the most
important things for everything from
fitness it helps your diet because when
you're hungry when you're sleepy you
feel hungry and you overeat so I said
sleeping will help your you know your
mental ability or fit
it'll help your diet it'll help your
looks your appearance but most
importantly you need like a system so
that you can get enough sleep and if you
don't get that right you don't get
anything right so I was pointing out
that if it were the summer and you were
staying up all night ya wouldn't make
that much difference it's just summer
you don't have to get up to go to work
don't have to get up to go to school but
during the school year if you're trying
to keep a normal schedule for five days
and then on the weekend you're trying to
stay up all night because you can say no
school tomorrow that you are absolutely
sabotaging your health in all kinds of
ways you're sabotaging your schoolwork
your health your brain your fitness your
appearance and your future it's that bad
that your entire future is that risk
because you stay up other weekends with
your friends that's it
it's that it's not important so sorry by
the way my sniffling this is is that
problem with my polyps and mine my hand
I'm still working with that so the first
thing I would say is that getting to
sleep on time and getting up at a at
least a similar time every day is
essential to productivity and a happy
life when I see people who mess with
their sleep schedule I'll tell you what
how I interpret it here's how I
interpret it not even trying to succeed
not even trying if you're not sleeping
right and eating right and working on
your fitness even if you're not doing it
perfectly well but if you're not at
least working on those things you're not
even trying
so it's hard for me to give advice on
lesson a career or or anything else if
somebody isn't even trying on sleep
exercise and food you got to be trying
on those three things or nothing else I
don't even want to give you advice you
got to get that stuff right first then
you've got a base to work
but don't ask me for advice on anything
if you're not getting sleep get some
sleep
we'll talk later okay so the first part
of the question of my daily routine is
that I go to sleep reasonably early and
I wake up without these days without an
alarm clock
whenever my body says - last night I was
busy yesterday and I didn't get to
exercise and I have trouble sleeping if
I have an exercise that day so about
2:00 a.m. I was awake and I knew that I
was awake for the day and so I just got
up and went to work so I started to work
today at 2:00 a.m. that's not unheard of
during a year that'll happen maybe a
dozen times over the course of a year
usually it's closer to 4:00 or 5:00 a.m.
and I get up and the question about my
daily schedule I think had to do with
the sub question was whether I do
certain tasks at certain times to match
my energy and the answer is yes and the
morning I am creative and I can focus
and so I keep those tasks which require
creativity and focus for the morning and
I try to make my morning as large as
possible because it's my most it's my
moneymaker
alright the morning is when I make money
the rest of the day is for other stuff
you know maintenance and fix and stuff
and travel and family and all that so I
usually get up and prepare for the
periscope read the news do some Twitter
answer some emails drink some coffee and
I absolutely love that time of day it's
my this is this is my favorite time of
day you catch me at exactly exactly the
time that I'm most mentally active most
friendly most everything so good for you
you wouldn't want to talk to me in the
afternoon then so that that's the main
thing I do I wake up do my periscopes
then I reassess what I've got to do if
I'm if it's a card
tuning day these days I don't do
cartooning everyday I it up I used to do
a little cartooning everyday so I didn't
have to do too much in a day these days
I might write all my cartoons for the
week on one day and then other days
depending on my schedule and what else
is going on I will do some drawing now I
do the drawing whenever my my energy and
my body are ready for it because right
now I'm amped up on coffee and my energy
is too high so if I sat down and tried
to draw right now I would hate it
because my body and my brain would be
saying go do something more active
drawing is boring you know use your
brain use your body so I like to do
drawing what I'm tired especially if
I've been exercising and then my brain
says I'd like to send this chair for a
while do you have anything to do I'll
draw something I don't want to use my
brain anyway so that's the the basic
bones of it is that I put my creativity
and my energy into one part of my day
when the energy is exactly right for
that and then I do the things that don't
require thinking during the times a day
when my body isn't so good at thinking
anyway all right what's the best I'm not
going to read that question what about
eating so here's a weird thing I've
almost given up on meals you know at one
point there was a thought that you
should eat you know five small meals or
something a day and I used to have like
a big dinner but if you have several
people in your life nobody wants to eat
the same food at the same time and in
the modern world you don't need to so
you can sort of everybody can do
whatever they want whatever they want so
I find that I just snack all day long so
I eat a protein bar when I wake up I
love banana later maybe an avocado and I
during the day
I stick to things which are
unambiguously good for me
I don't do the I don't do any unhealthy
eating in the morning and I stay away
from carbs like crazy carbs will put me
to sleep well within an hour so if I
avoid carbs I have more energy and
that's good all right
somebody asked me if I'd if I still had
my sense of smell and taste some of you
knew my story that for ten years I
couldn't smell or taste anything and
then I found out there was some polyp
problem in my eustachian tubes I treated
it temporarily and my smell and taste
came back completely but it didn't last
so after a week or so of having my
spellin taste the polyps apparently went
back to their original condition and I
cannot smell or taste to anything again
and I don't have a plan for I don't have
a plan for fixing that so I did get my
hearing back though
so my hearing is all back now those of
you were saying my god I feel sorry for
you
you actually don't need to because
because there was a funny thing that
happened which was when I could taste
and smell everything
I was not happier I was not happier
because there are more bad smells than
good and I even discovered the some of
the main foods I eat I don't like I
mentioned sushi I'd only learned to eat
sushi after I'd lost my sense of smell
and taste but there's sort of a fake
smell and taste that your brain provides
for you so you think you taste it and
you think you you don't think you smell
it but you think you taste it it's just
that you don't so maybe I can go back to
eating sushi know that I can smell of
you all right that's all I've got for
now yeah I could get lasers to to laser
the polyps but they it doesn't last
so all right that's it that's all for
now I'll talk to you later bye