oxygen good artificial gravity turn back
on well as you can tell I'm here in the
space force command center orbiting
Earth geosynchronous orbit and a lot a
lot of you don't know that space force
was actually formed decades ago when we
found alien technology we've been using
that at area 54 for a long time and of
course space forces has been up and
running for decades but only recently
President Trump decided to try to make
it legitimate so he had announced it as
if it were just starting not really the
truth and I'm here to tell you is that
many of us have been in space force for
a long time I'm actually an admiral I'm
an admiral in space force but all of the
all the people in space force had to
take secret identities because the
public wasn't supposed to know we have
all this alien technology that we've
been weaponizing and so they said to me
you need to cover some kind of cover
story and I was like I don't know like
what kind of cover story and they said
anything you want I said well what if
it's some kind of job where I'm not even
qualified they said doesn't matter you
could be totally unqualified totally oh
you think you have area 51 no area 54 is
where they keep the good stuff area 51
is where they tell you the good stuff is
but if you were actually going to storm
that that area once you got inside you'd
see just you know cardboard cutouts and
stuff and you'd be like I swore I
thought there were aliens here no it's
the area 51
four is where the real stuff is 51 is
just a diversion so I've been in space
force for years my cover story is a
cartoonist weirdly enough the fact that
I I can't draw very well didn't tip off
anybody that it was just a cover story
but now you know so I thought I'd take a
few questions later after I talked about
some of the news up here in space and
there isn't much news probably because
it's a Superbowl day but I'll tell you
what we got
I am absolutely amazed the CNN continues
to do something that you would think
just couldn't be done which is to
completely make up news based on taking
a quote and a context even when the rest
of the context is publicly available and
everybody's seen it it's the weirdest
thing that they can get away with it
they are no longer just reporting news
that isn't true in some cases instead
they've they've started conjuring
reality out of nothing so in the case of
Alan Dershowitz his testimony they
continue to take that one sentence out
of context where he was talking about a
specific example with Lincoln to act as
though he's generalizing that to trump
which is not what he was doing he was
making I'm not going to go over the
arguments but let's just say that they
completely make a fake argument for
Dershowitz
and then see c-cup in writing on cnn.com
today this is this must be maddening for
Dershowitz I can imagine what he's
thinking imagine imagine seeing that
your opinion the one year you argued so
well in front of the world has been
mischaracterized and then after they
mischaracterize it
they here's here's this is so so clever
and despicable it's just funny
first they mischaracterize them and
that's always stage one after they've
mischaracterized it into something
that's ridiculous then they say the
majority of experts say his argument was
ridiculous
and you know what the majority of
experts would say that the argument that
they mischaracterized is ridiculous at
least the mischaracterization is
ridiculous but not his actual argument
to the best of my knowledge nobody in
the world has actually argued with him
well I can see in the comments there's
something you're missing doesn't it
bother you doesn't bother you your
addiction is now so deep then you need
the simultaneous hip and all you need
for that is a copper marketer glass of
tanker chalices dime a canteen flight
geography a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and joining me now for the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better than the simultaneous
Impa go oh yeah and all you need is an
SE Cupp somebody said in me in the
comments so what did I call her CC cup I
think I called her a CC cup not a C cup
which is funnier much fun here
alright so what does it mean when CNN
can make news and the stuff that you
could just look anybody can look and see
is made up all you'd have to do is
listen to Dershowitz explain how there
mischaracterizing his opinion you could
look at what he said originally it's
easy to it's so easy to know that it's
completely made up just like the the
Charlottesville fine fine people thing a
man this morning I got into it with
somebody who alleges to be an MIT
professor now this is interesting
because I don't think you can be an MIT
professor unless you're pretty pretty
smart
wouldn't you say and so this professor
apparently has never watched any I'm
just guessing never watch any news
source other than the ones that present
the fake news so at first this professor
thought oh this quote from Joshua's is
actually accurate but it's taken in the
context had to do with one example about
Lincoln was not a general comment so and
he was so I argued with him a little bit
because I was curious how could somebody
that smart be so easily fooled and it
turns out that is really obvious in the
context that he'd never heard the other
arguments think about that imagine
imagine if you were watching this whole
you know impeachment stuff or even just
the whole Trump administration imagine
if you had never seen the alternative
arguments you'd only watch CNN you'd
probably think it was true right
you'd probably think that the way they
characterized Trump and his comments and
stuff is actually accurate so I felt
sorry for him all right there's a rumor
that a continuing rumor that this is a
new one instead of Hillary saying that
she wants to be president the rumor is
speculation really more than rumor that
she would potentially agree to be
Hillary's vice president I'm sorry that
Hillary would agree to be Biden's vice
president now I'm gonna say not now
here's the thinking and then I'll tell
you why it's cray-cray the thinking is
the Hillary so wants to be Trump that
she would take the vice-president
position and doesn't bring the entire
Clinton machine to bear and that would
be enough you know Biden plus plus
Hillary Clinton and maybe it would I'm
not even saying that wouldn't be a
strong package it would probably be a
pretty strong package and people and the
speculation goes that she might want to
do that
because being the first woman who's a
vice president is still breaking
breaking a barrier so she would own that
here's what I think and she's already
said that she's not going to run for
president I don't think she would say
that directly unless she meant it and of
course the play would be that she
wouldn't bother running for vice
president unless she thought she could
run the show from there or she thought
that Biden was going to fade fairly
quickly and she would just have the top
spot because of constitutional order
here's why that's not going to happen
this is my prediction I don't believe
the Hillary Clinton from a psychological
perspective from an ego perspective
I predict that she could not accept
running for the second spot yeah I just
I don't imagine it I also imagine that
she's enjoyed not being in government
these past years it's hard to be that
age and be sort of retired and enjoying
yourself even though you're giving
speeches it's all just stuff you want to
do and it's just fun and you don't
really need the money and I think she's
just enjoying herself so the first
factor is it's kind of hard to get back
in the game
after you've been out of it for a while
and you're that age secondly Hillary
does not solve Biden's problem
what's Biden's biggest problem he's old
he has said himself that he's going to
pick somebody young for his vice
president I think he means it I think he
would not pick somebody who would be in
their 70s if elected if what he's trying
to show is that well I've got a back-up
plan because I'm too old so it doesn't
make sense and it wouldn't get the the
minority vote necessarily although you
know Clinton did get a lot so it
wouldn't be terrible in that way but it
wouldn't it wouldn't satisfy the
a person of color on the ticket so I say
that Hillary is very unlikely to take a
second position and here's the last
reason why
imagine if she lost imagine how much it
hurt to lose to trump but imagine if she
lost twice I think of that what if she
lost twice that if that would be
devastating I don't know that she would
put herself in that position all right
let's talk about the corona virus I have
a very controversial provocative thought
I like to say in advance
there's nothing racist about this at
least nothing intended that way so if
you misinterpret it that way that's on
you and here's the thought there
apparently there is now the first report
of somebody dying outside of China from
the corona virus and the first thing I
looked for and it was easy to find is
that the first person who died outside
of China was ethnically Chinese and
here's the question I'm just gonna put
it as a question right now as anybody
who is not ethnically Chinese died from
the virus yet I know people have gotten
it and I'm sure that would include
people who are not ethnically Chinese
but I kind of need to know that fact
before I feel I have a full opinion
about what's going on here now I've
heard and I don't know I don't know if
this is you know completely true or
sometimes true or it depends in the
situation but I have heard that there
there can be different viruses that
might affect different ethnicities
differently
that's not don't take that as a fact
take that as a something I heard but
yeah most of the people dying are going
to be compromised or older which is sort
of the same thing but I'm just going to
ask the question is anybody is anybody
gonna die who's not ethnically Chinese
because remember one of the mysteries
that I've been hammering on the mystery
was why was the United States not as
concerned as we thought they should be
meaning our government why was our
government not that concerned compared
to how concerned we were pretty sure
they should have been and now apparently
they're making the right move and and
banning travel for a few weeks anyway
from China so at least our government
caught up and got with the program why
do you think it could have been slow why
do you think the United States
government is still saying it's a low
risk for our country is it possible just
speculation is it possible they know
that it doesn't transmit as well outside
of an ethnic group now I just gonna put
that out there because some of the
conversation is about whether or not
there's something unique about this
virus you know could it be man-made
because it could be weaponized etc
apparently there's no evidence of that
so the rumors you've seen about it being
escaped from you know a bio lab or
something apparently there's no evidence
of that well let's keep watching there's
maybe it's me but there's something
about the whole situation that just
doesn't smell right beyond the fact that
it's an obvious you know big problem
there's something about it I don't know
what it is you can smell it before you
can see it let's in a related story that
you would not think is related but it is
so the US has banned six more countries
from being able to enter the United
States or get or be part of the green
card lottery as it's known so those
countries are Eritrea Kyrgyzstan Nigeria
Tanzania Sudan Miramar my mine amar my
NMR
literally the first time I've ever said
that word my NMR my my anymore I've read
it many times literally never said it
alright so here's why this story about
immigration and the coronavirus story
are actually the same story because what
is the difference between an idea virus
and a physical one so the reason for
banning immigration from these you know
so-called banned countries is that these
are places that we imagine bad people
could be in the mix and we wouldn't be
able to tell us they're bad people
it's exactly the same as a planeload of
people who coming in from China you know
regardless of where they're born or what
nationality or ethnicity they are
it's a planeload of people and we can't
tell who might be infected with the
virus and who can't
so how do you treat it if there's a big
potential risk and you can't tell who's
innocent and who's not
well if it's a virus you quarantine and
you temporarily block until you can
figure out what's going on get a handle
on it if it's the idea of virus of being
a terrorist it's exactly the same in
effect the effect of it is exactly the
same it's a big population most of them
use uber fine just like with the virus
planeload of people come in from China
almost all of them are going to be free
of the virus but you don't know which
ones so why is the medical situation so
different from the idea of virus
situation when they both have those same
qualities now I don't like to argue from
analogies but I'm not even sure this is
much of an analogy it's so exact in
terms of how you would handle it and now
the fact that the United States is
handling those two situations roughly
similar in other words were we're doing
something bad
for 99% of the people so we can stop
that 1% and here's my point I believe
that it's going to be much easier for
the administration to get away with
these travel bans from the various
countries you know the ones that we
think have some terrorists risk it's
going to be a lot easier for that to be
accepted by the public because the
public thinks in terms of analogies the
public thinks in terms of stories and
precedents and past examples and
patterns and since this pattern is being
formed with the coronavirus that pattern
is going to you know accidentally spill
over into immigration and here's my
prediction the the outcry over being
tougher on immigration is going to be
substantially reduced because people
watch the coronavirus situation and
because they they agreed that you have
to be bad to all the innocent people to
stop that 1% once you've agreed that
that's okay to be bad to 99% of the
people just to stop the 1% then it's
still okay it generalizes at least
through people's minds yeah you could
argue they're not the same so you treat
them differently I wouldn't I wouldn't
disagree with you on the details but
people's minds are going to treat them
as the same so that's about all that's
going on right now I'm gonna take some
questions it looks like some people are
lining up to ask me some questions let's
do them in no particular order Cheryl
you're you're coming at me Cheryl Cheryl
do you have a question Cheryl Cheryl did
not have a question Cheryl went away so
I'm gonna pick liner
Linna can you hear me hello lino do you
have a question you're live hi I but I'm
not sterile
I said lino lino do you have a question
yeah yes can you tell me more about how
there's a corona fire yes and you tell
me how that all relates anti-vaccine oh
so the question is how does the corona
virus relate to the vaccination and anti
vaccination I'm not sure that we should
make too much of that I appreciate the
argument that says if you're going to be
cautious about one thing you should be
cautious about another so I think you
know there's a little bit there to make
a political argument but I think you
could ignore one when you're working on
the other so I would just treat them as
separate there there's a little bit in
common but not enough to make something
of it that's that's what I would say
thank you for the question
I've got a bad connection there anyway
let's see if we get a better connection
from Aras so Aras come at me Aras with
your question eres el o eres do you have
a question for me sales pitch if you
want to let me do that real quick not
really
okay tell me what you were gonna sell
I'll tell you if I want attached I was
gonna make the argument that capitalism
is already dead because I have some
friends that they're more socialist on
the socialist side or outright
communists and I want to get this into a
sales pitch form to kind of convince
people to kind of drop that a little bit
does that make sense yeah I don't think
the audience is ready for that but let
me engage on that topic I have a theory
hypothesis really that the people who
were pushing you know the deep socialism
that bore
some communism the anarchy and stuff
like that I feel like they're treating
it more like a lifestyle and more like
theater and Rand if and that if you
actually sat in anybody down with no
witnesses and say oh look look Bob you
know I hear what you're saying I get it
you like to March and stuff you ain't
the president I get it but do you really
think this system would work for the
country I don't think anybody really
thinks it so it feels not real I know is
I have a hard time taking you seriously
and and I'm pretty sure that the serious
people in the government don't take you
seriously there now I suppose we could
get caught off-guard
it could be that there's a whole
generation that's brainwashed to the
degree that they don't know it's not
serious
and then right they bought into it so
there is risk but anyway thanks for
bringing up that point I want to hear a
little bit more questions yeah so that
we can hear more for me thank you all
right so the the reason I didn't want to
do that is I know most of you were
watching these periscopes because you
want to hear more from me and wherever
that's the case Cassandra are you there
good morning do you have a question for
me how much I love you and gar
simultaneous tips in the morning and how
much I appreciate you
well thank you thanks thanks for telling
me I appreciate all of you too and I'm
gonna take your question now Cassandra
but thank you for that you too all right
let's give some questions here be
provocative come on give me a hard time
Joshua I know you can do it Joshua do
you have a question for me yes we're
having appreciate it my pleasure what's
your question yeah so you know as I'm
reading the books I've read all your are
you decent for simple kitchen there's
nothing which one has been you
before well yeah so which of my books is
my my favorite and that would depend you
know what what aspects of it you're
gonna talk about but my book had a
failed almost everything and still win
big I hear from people I I've been
wondering how to even tell this story in
public and I think I can start to tell
it now because there are enough people
who would back me on it that it doesn't
sound crazy every day I hear from people
who read that book sometimes a few years
ago and tell me that it's changed their
lives
I've heard people losing 80 pounds
people getting off of opioids I've heard
people getting huge raises changing
their social life around going from
depressed to happy I mean ridiculous
stuff really I mean such kinds of
improvements that it's a little bit
mind-boggling and I don't even know how
to process that it's more that I would
have ever imagined now why I like that
not just because people are having great
experiences by it but I wrote it for
that purpose and there was a there was
sort of a deeper purpose on top of that
I mean it was meant for anybody to read
to to improve their life and it appears
to be working very well for that but it
was written specifically from my at the
time fourteen-year-old stepson as a way
to capture everything I knew in a
friendly forum that I thought I could
get him to read he did not finish that
book before he he died of a fentanyl
overdose but it was written for him for
a very special purpose so I had I guess
I had more of my heart and soul into
that book because even though I was
writing it for the public it's it's
often the case that you write a book for
one audience an audience of one with
with the assumption that that is
generalizable and it was written for
that one person
my stepson and he's not with us anymore
so what I hear when I hear other people
whose lives have been changed it gives
meaning it gives meaning to the effort
gives meaning to my stepsons life
because I'm not sure I would have
written it the same or maybe as well if
if I hadn't been writing it for you know
somebody that I cared about that much so
that one's the most meaningful for me
and if you were gonna sort of looking
for a starting point for my books that
are non Dilbert books that's that's
where I would go maybe so and yeah
you're another example a lot of people
telling me that the talents snack idea
and the systems over goals are just
life-changing concepts that's what I was
hoping thank you so much for your
question yeah the reason the reason I
have trouble talking about it is that it
doesn't sound believable if you actually
saw the types of messages I'm getting
they don't translate if I if I simply
told you what people are telling me I
don't think you'd believe it because
they there's some ridiculously
transformational you know people who
have changed in very fundamental ways
all right cholera can you hear me hey do
you have a question for me yeah I'm an
expert I've been divorced once so I
would give you these tips you you've
probably at some point you could correct
me if I'm wrong talk to yourself into
the fact that you could never be happy
you know again because you know you
found that one love and it didn't work
out and how can you move on and I would
give you this one advice I don't know
anybody over my entire life I've never
met anybody who got a divorce and then
five years after the divorce said you
know I wish I hadn't gotten that divorce
I'd never heard of it not a single time
by the time people make this change it's
time for the change because it's so hard
getting the divorce is so much work it's
so much pain that nobody does it until
they're ready
and I'm gonna guess you're ready are you
ready oh yeah yeah enjoying the process
I can tell you that the first year after
being married when I could wake up and
do anything I wanted just anything I
wanted as long as it was legal that was
an amazing feeling and I enjoyed it but
you also get to the point where you need
something you need something more
substantial you know it's sort of like
hey you know you're off your diet you
can eat all the junk food you are and so
for a couple of weeks you're gorging on
junk food but eventually you say you
know this isn't the way I want to live
my whole life
some people might but was it wasn't
fulfilling to me so I'm I'm engaged
again and I'm very happy about it so
good luck to you I think your your your
future life looks better than your past
it's on your engagement thank you take
care all right
let's see what else we got here it's
funny I look at your faces and your
before I choose somebody and trying to
pick somebody will challenge me the most
and let me see if I picked correctly
hello caller can hear me can you hear me
I'm calling from Denmark hi Damon from
Denmark do you have a question for me
yeah I just wanted to hear your thoughts
on this whole wires and it been a bio
weapon having patents on it and all that
yeah I just wanted to know what are your
thoughts on it
is it something politics or something
well you're talking about the
coronavirus cronauer's yeah yeah there's
no evidence that I've seen in the news
anyway that it's a bio weapon but there
is just something about this you know
there are all kinds of things that make
this a little different one is that it
seems to be affecting people in China
more than here but it's too early to say
that's real versus
it's just early in the process secondly
the rate of growth looks unnatural
meaning that you would expect a
bioengineered virus to be more viral
than something else because you would
make it that way so it's it's so extreme
and it probably is way worse in China
that is being reported I think almost
certainly we can say that that just the
extent of it is concerning you know
because we know we could make such a
thing but it doesn't make sense that
China would make a weapon and use it
against itself I can't really see some
other country you know trying to infect
China in this way I mean we do some bad
stuff to each other the the theory that
I like not like is the wrong word
because it would be terrible let me let
me take back like the theory that and
this would just be a conspiracy theory
you know we've talked about how the
fentanyl coming from China is revenge
for the opie oh the opium wars a lot of
people say that so you could imagine
again this is just this I'm just none of
this has any evidence
alright so nothing I say next should be
taken too seriously but could there be
somebody who knew how to make a virus
who had a family member died of fentanyl
I just put him put that out there what
are the odds they'd given I don't know
50,000 Americans and who knows how many
from Europe or whatever maybe in China
too how many people have died from
illegal fentanyl that came from China
just a question with all those people
was there even one person who was a
surviving less a family member of all
those people who were killed by Chinese
fentanyl was there even one of those
people who knew how to make a virus that
would kill mostly ethnic Chinese people
I hope not I certainly don't want to
live in a world where that happened
but you can't rule it out get ruled out
you know fifty thousand people would
touch a population of I know maybe a
million people would be a family member
of those people who died if you count
fifty thousand a year so that adds up
pretty quickly probably at least a
million people and if a million people
is there not one of them who was willing
to engineer a virus and drop it off in
China probably not you know if I had to
bet on it I would very easily bet that
it did not happen it's just an ordinary
virus like every other every other one
but because of the crazy way the world
is you have to ask yourself that
question you can't rule it out on the
surface now of course I don't know how
hard it would be to bioengineer a virus
like that so maybe it's so hard that
that's a ridiculous theory I'll put it
out there anyway
that's all I got to say on that I don't
think we're gonna find out it's an
intended by bioengineered weapon but
it's terrible that we can't rule them
exactly alright stop thank you thank you
very much and just just just one thing
to note in Denmark there's been as far
as I have heard there's been two cases
of the virus but it's still no China ban
and that's kind of weird I just want
every country to ban you know China or
the flights until we know what's going
on but nothing here it seems like an
enormous political risk because every
leader that does not do a ban has to
answer why the other countries did and
if the countries that did the ban have a
you know measurably better outcome than
the people who didn't I don't know how
those leaders keep their jobs I really
don't I to me that would be a lose your
job decision because you're seeing the
other people doing it the right way and
I would have said the same thing about
Trump I think he was way too slow on
this but if he hadn't done it at all
you'd have to ask yourself if he's your
president for the next cycle anyway
thanks Damon all right yeah you too Mike
all right let's take some more
Oh doo-doo-doo Barry looks like he's got
something to say Barry Barry can you
hear me hey hey what's your question
Barry what question about loser think in
the book you say there's about a dozen
opinion shapers in in the country six
and either side you revealed on Twitter
that sucker is probably one on the left
can you talk about who the pinion
shapers are well I
it's a it was more of a conceptual point
and it's based on observation and you
know one of the things that there
happens when you start dealing in
politics and you become let's say
somewhat notorious as has happened to me
in the last few years is you start
learning things about the nature of
reality that are very disturbing and
can't be communicated they actually
can't be communicated so the things I
know that I just can't tell you and and
I know they're true I mean they are by
their nature something you can determine
to be true independently and you don't
have to wonder about it but the the real
way the world works is that they're just
some people who determine what the news
is
and then within politics a few people
who determine who's gonna run who gets
what money etc now there are lots of
people were playing in that game you
know hundreds and hundreds and you know
thousands but I believe that the ones
who were best at it and the ones who
have the positions where they have the
most influence like you're Jeff Zucker
at CNN he can literally determine what
CNN considers the news that day you know
as I was talking earlier in the
periscope they've decided that their
news will be to misinterpret where Alan
Dershowitz said so they can continue the
fake news that the impeachment was
illegitimate etc and probably somebody
at the New York Times has that power
probably one or two people at MSNBC and
you very and and then of course
Washington
so you very quickly after the first you
know five or six media lets you get down
to people were just not that important
you know once you're down to you know
the the third or fourth level of news
outlet they're not newsmakers the the
firm's like CNN and New York Times The
Washington Post or consider the the ones
who decide what the others cover so yeah
only they're about six on each side now
Trump of course is you know one of the
people who just is shaping reality and
they're probably I don't know I couldn't
name them but they're probably half a
dozen people who advised him or have
some influence on the process you know
somebody at fox news obviously etc so
yeah something like twelve people are
the ones who have the most influence
over everything not the only influence
but by far the 8020 influence science
true questions oh you went away I lost
him all right let's look at I'm gonna
take Carl Carl can you hear me Carl Carl
hi do you have a question for me Carl
at one time he said the slaughter meter
was at zero percent the Trump would win
because of the media
I never heard me explain why he took it
back to a hundred percent the other time
I don't remember what I was saying when
I said it was zero percent I don't
remember the context we've gotta kill
them they decided all the media and all
the social networks were against him but
he had no chance to beat all that the
thing that for a while mmm that doesn't
even sound like something I've said so I
can't speak to that but I'll tell you
what the current slaughter meter is that
I I think it's over a hundred percent
you know sometimes I jokingly say it's
four hundred percent or whatever but I
can't see a scenario where he loses
because we're
the illusion is that the Democrats have
an idea of an ideal candidate which
might have a name
they might say my ideal candidate is
burning your Biden or whatever but they
have sort of an idealized version of
their team Trump hasn't even started as
soon as Trump has one individual target
and more importantly all of the
opposition research has one target and
it's going to be a bloodbath I I think
Trump is is going to just destroy
whoever it is now at the moment he's
laying down suppressive fire he's sort
of hitting everybody who does well in
the polls so he's going after what he
calls mini Mike Bloomberg now who has as
Trump said at his rally I've had it up
to here with him so apparently he's
going after mostly his height now if I
if somebody had said this ten years ago
that a politician is going to strictly
focus on his opponents height you say
that you'd say well he's not going to
win with that but we did watch him take
out the entire Bush dynasty with one
word or two low-energy so could the
height thing work against Bloomberg it
might but you won't know because he's
gaining in the polls because he's
spending a lot of money so you don't
know if he would have done even better
if not for Trump's attacks that we'll
never know
but yeah I don't see I just don't see
anybody in the race giving him a serious
competition so 100% plus thanks for the
question
all right let's take Nancy Nancy looks
like she's enjoyed a simultaneous sip or
two Nancy do you have a question for me
Nancy do you have your mute on your
phone because I can't hear you Nancy
we're going to move on you missed your
chance
let's try let's try facts or safe facts
are safe can you hear me
do you have a question for me all right
so I've learned from the master
obviously but I want to know when in
Trump's second term do we seriously
start talking about repealing the 22nd
amendment remind me what the 22nd
amendment is term limits for presidents
we're never gonna talk seriously about
it
no you know I I could easily see Trump
supporters and they even Trump himself
running that as a four-year practical
joke because it would be a practical
joke because yeah at least half the
country would believe it's true but I've
never met have you
I have you ever met any even one
Republican or one Trump supporter have
you met even one who would seriously be
okay with him staying beyond two limits
what know what seriously CNN's business
model ever seriously answer the question
have you met even one who would
seriously want that like it's a joke but
anybody really wants that I don't think
so I doubt it you know for if if for no
other reason he'd be too old
all right but thanks for the question
all right let's go with let's go with
Perry what's your name Perry Barry are
you there Barry
hi do you have a question for me I'm
wondering why in the trial the
president's attorneys never brought up
the fact that you know first of all that
Obama administration spied on a
candidate because the FISA Court already
had come out and said that two of the
four applications are invalid but what I
got was I got to do with in such
well that's why it's gonna say - I mean
I know it kind of sounds like what about
ISM but it sounds like even even the
president's attorneys are or what what's
that term passed the sale where they're
just assuming Russia even meddled there
still isn't a shred of evidence in the
molar report or anywhere that Russia
even meddled oh that's not true that's
not true yeah you you apparently have
been stuck in a news silo it is it is
not true that there's no evidence of
Russia meddling because the now I'm not
saying the evidence is accurate I'm just
saying that there's plenty of evidence
that there
trol farm was was doing something
extraordinarily trivial well it is but
but they seem to know and then beyond
that there's a question of that the
hacker who got the emails and so far the
government seems to be unified and
saying that those were Russian hackers -
so much so that they know the names of
the organization and the people who were
involved and they have details now I
don't know that you could say those have
to be true but it is an absolute false
statement to say there's no evidence of
Russia interfering in the election
because those two pieces of evidence are
the official government positions so it
could be not true but there's certainly
evidence right it wasn't the Russian
government that did the ads and then as
far as the hacking goes they didn't give
us any any evidence of they well there's
there's an assumption with the ads that
the guy who owns the troll farm is a
good buddy with Putin so that part we
know so the odds that he would do this
without Putin's support seems low which
is which is the thinking now I happen to
think that's not necessarily the case
meaning if you're a troll farm you
probably take contracts from whoever is
going to pay you right so if the manager
of the troll farm got a contract and
said hey can you make it doesn't matter
who it came from can you make a bunch of
fake ads and and
do this they probably just say yes
because it's just a job I'm not positive
that the troll form was coordinating
with Putin but they're Russian and they
are associated with an oligarch and
you'd have to say that the oligarchs are
part of the government effectively even
though I'm not officially effectively
they are so yeah I can see the validity
of the of the accusation well a judge
actually ruled that Muller was not
allowed to say that they were associated
with the government because there is no
evidence he wasn't running even sooner
that's right there's no direct evidence
but the the argument is still strong
that we know the person who owned it is
connected to yeah I have my suspicions
about that as well so I think I think
they probably just didn't want to bring
them all her stuff in there too much it
was just a distraction
okay well it wasn't directly on point I
think everyone to what the crane
revealed by Oliver Stone amazing film
that'll teach us all a lot take a look
at that thank you
alright let's take another question or
so Michael Michael Cantor come at me
Michael
our technology did not work fail or
Michael went away let's talk to doc doc
Wilson are you there doc Wilson went
away maybe it's maybe it's periscope
itself could be that these people didn't
really want to talk to me that's the
other possibility let's do Jordan I'm
intentionally picking men with beards
Jordan are you there do you have a
question for me it's not a dating girl
she is a moderate since you go to
Robbie's can you turn down you I think
you've got some volume up on something
so I'm getting some feedback is that
there that's better now you're dating a
girl and so she's a moderate so she good
for Rami sivanna but she she has they
needed strong so
she considers Trump negative for London
so I'm really wanting good persuasion
device to go ahead and try to sway her
protection so you should go with the
protection persuasion if you were a
woman
imagine going outside and every time you
walk outside no matter where you are
you walk inside and you're basically in
danger because men are dangerous to
women in a way that they're not exactly
dangerous to other men so I don't live
in that world because I don't ever never
afraid anywhere I go just period because
if you're a man it just doesn't come off
that often but women are in a perpetual
worried about security at about physical
safety and they have to be it makes
perfect sense
so that's that's probably the most base
thing you could do so you if you make
the argument that Trump is all about
that which is he is all about military
it being so big that nobody will messes
with us he doesn't want to start a war
he'd rather finish them you'd rather
kill the terrorists so the terrorists
doesn't come here you'd rather be strong
on crime and cetera so there's probably
nothing that women need more than to
know that the government and society is
going to protect them I'll go with
protection and and I would I would
contrast that since she's not going to
have a choice of voting for Romney for
example contrast that with what any of
the progressives will offer which is
really risky it's risky for the economy
which could be you know more dangerous
for women and it's risky for security
because he would probably you know open
the borders and reduce the size of the
military so I would go for the danger
element and I think that's real there's
nothing I would consider that such a
perfectly valid point that you would
never be worried about you know being
disingenuous so that's the way I'd go
I'd go with risky and dangerous and and
Trump before people thought he might be
risky and dangerous but now we have some
tracrac
he's put the economy where you need it
got his trade deals and I was gonna be
mentioned earlier what does the public
think about the fact that it's been a
few years now that we've had these bans
on the in the countries that we can't
vet the terrorists we haven't really had
a major terrorist attack in this country
now those are not necessarily related
not it's not a one-to-one relationship
but in people's minds they're gonna say
okay I really hated it because he was
gonna do something more extreme that I
thought was prudent but I gotta say it
looks like something's working you know
whether it's that alone or that plus
other things so I think in people's
minds it's gonna look it's gonna look
better as time goes on so that's my best
answer thanks for the question
thank you Scott I'm not stay YouTube all
right let's take another one Christie
Christie do you have a question for me
Christie is not there I will find
somebody who is there Mac cannon what a
name
I'd like my last name to be cannon to
Matt can you hear me
do you have a question for me Matt I do
and first of all I just want to say your
simultaneous sip is pretty crazy the
other day I was in a meeting and I got
out around 10 o'clock and I was trying
to get away to get the SIP and I missed
it and then today you purposely I think
made the SIP go a little bit later so I
thought that was pretty nice of you to
do that was director if it was an
accident
well that was a little bit of an
accident today because I was I was doing
the wait list thing in the beginning but
the the science says that addiction is
caused by unpredictable rewards so if
you knew that the simultaneous sip would
happen every day for sure it would be
less addictive than if you have some
scares or you miss one you know that
sort of thing so anyway what was your
question my question is I was going to
first as a shoe
the other foot test question about alan
dershowitz but I figured since today is
Groundhog Day and it's a palindrome do
you have any thoughts on that that today
is OH - OH - 2020 which is the same
forward and backward as well as being
Groundhog Day well and we're a
simulation with you and - I'm generally
oblivious to random digital coincidences
so I don't have a comment about that
other than we humans love to find
patterns even when there's nothing
interesting there but so no not much to
say about that but thanks for the
question
all right let's find another one let's
talk to some of you have very funny
names I'm gonna go - oops
Bob I think Bob wants to ask me a
question Bob you there Bob you have a
question for me I can go ahead to you
yes what books do you read for
entertainment or what periodicals are
what more generally what do you read for
entertainment oh you know it's
embarrassing to say but there have been
years in my life where I've written more
books that I've read and that's
literally true I've sometimes I've
sometimes published two or three books
in a year and and read one part of it is
that my attention span has reduced just
as most of you have because of modern
life so reading a whole book is hard for
me and I also have a physical difficulty
reading books which is that I fall
asleep if I read when I read on the
plane I'm not good for more than four
pages and I'm sound asleep and it
doesn't matter what the book is doesn't
matter how interesting four pages and I
fall asleep I think the problem is if I
had to guess I'm visual and I like lots
of lots of inputs
and even though I'm a very fast reader
literally studied speed reading I mean I
can read very quickly but I can't read
nearly as quickly as I think so what I'm
reading I feel like I'm in mental jail
because my my desire for input is so
much greater than the amount I can get
by reading that I feel just deprived and
I'm just starved of intellectual you
know excitement so and I just fall
asleep I just fall asleep so for me
reading a whole book is hard but the
alternative is that I read a tremendous
amount of stuff mostly online but I do
you know I do a quick dip I'll see an
article and I'll say oh that's something
I didn't know about let's say how a
virus is spread and I'll I'll jump
through that article pick out a few
points and then move on to the next one
so I could get I get these many lessons
from news articles and you know articles
about topics and googling stuff and but
if you read a whole book I hate to say
it but not every book is filled with
winning pages but if I'm picking on the
internet what to read I get a winner
almost every time because you can kind
of tell right away if it's something
that you'll find interest in so that's
my answer I don't read a lot of books
but the ones that have influenced me the
most are ironically one is named
influenced thinking fast and small those
kinds of books are are transformational
so I hope that was a partial answer I
I'm just not the one to recommend books
but if you wanted to read about
persuasion Google persuasion reading
lists and you'll see the list of books
that
like alright let's take one more and
let's make it good
I need the best question asker of all
times it's gonna be Rick a Rick a can
you hear me
okay do you have a questions good what's
your question what it was you about
Latin America and the Americas right so
originally the the area around the
United States which I believe has been
put on the backburner for way too long I
know that China is very important and
everything involved there's a lot of
there's a lot happening on this side of
the world and it's actually affecting us
in terms just from the border to the
right maybe Iranian influence in
Venezuela Cuba influence around the
region yeah you know I would say I'm not
an expert on anything south of our
border but I I've had the same feeling
that you have which is that it would be
in our best natural national interest to
make sure that our closest neighbors are
doing as well as possible and there's
you know less crime and cartels and
stuff so it does feel like our resources
have been in the wrong place now there
was a reason for that because we needed
oil but now that we we're not dependent
on Middle East oil the national I would
say the natural arc of history is that
we'll move out of there and I think
we're gonna end up getting more
interested in things south of the border
but maybe that's wishful thinking so but
I agree with you we we should be working
more directly on improving things south
of the border for our own self-interest
that's where our greatest interest is
thanks for the questions thank you
all right I think I've done it all for
today I hope you're going to enjoy the
Super Bowl
and I will be maybe dipping into that a
little bit and watching it and thanks
for watching and I'll talk to you
tomorrow