today what do you think I am almost
ready for
that just as soon as I see your comments
there they
are comments looking
[Music]
good good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
and I don't mean Trump's conversation
with m but we'll talk about that however
if you'd like to take this experience up
to levels that people can't even
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need is a cuper Mugger
glass of tanker chalice ofin a canteen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine end of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous set
but it's going to happen right now go
oh so
good so so
good well I know what you want to talk
about you want to talk about that big
event on Spaces on X last night where
Elon Musk had a uh 2hour or more
conversation with the candidate
Trump and you're all wondering Scott
what did you think about it
well well
I I think it was sort of a mixed bag so
I'll tell you the good and the bad and I
I won't hold back so I started a little
late uh Elon Musk came on and said there
was a massive denial of service attack
which means somebody just hits the site
a lot of times until it's too busy so
everybody else can't get
in the Wall Street Journal said uh right
before the event uh musk cited without
evidence a mass DDOS attack cited
without
evidence is the Wall Street Journal
suggesting that Elon Musk lied about the
technical problems I had at the
show how long do you have to watch Elon
Musk in public talking about just about
everything to know that he wouldn't lie
about
that of all things he would lie about
like well I can't think of anything he's
ever lied about he's been wrong a few
times like everybody but what has he
ever known the truth about something and
then said in public opposite of that
truth is that even a thing no if if it
he he would certainly know if it was a
denial of service attack and he would
certainly tell you and if it
wasn't I'm sure you would say this is
the first time we've tried something of
this size systems getting crashed
well why why would you even think that
he would even be a little bit inclined
to lie about that even though it's his
product you know now normal people would
lie maybe they'd spin it a little bit
he's not normal he spent like a
gazillion dollars more than anybody
should spend on the website to to
protect free speech he didn't do that so
he could lie to you to to me it's just
weird that you'd even suspect a lie in
that context from him anyway
so Elon uh explained that he was looking
for something less adversarial and more
conversational and his his theory was
that you'll get to know the candidate
better if it's more of a casual
conversation than a attack and response
attack and response which is a normal
interview um I thought that was a
terrific sounding
idea there was a problem with it though
it's called called Donald Trump so it
turns out that when you remove the
physical cues as in sitting in front of
somebody that person doesn't know when
the conversation should move to the next
topic I think when you remove the
physical cues you know where somebody
indicates that they're ready for the
next question you know if you're in a
conversation with a person in person uh
they they'll start nodding you know the
nodding says yeah I got it I got it
hurry up up or yeah we've said this
before or or they'll look at their notes
like they're ready to go to the next
question or something so there are a lot
of physical cues that were not available
for the conversation and I think what
that
created was a let's say
a a conversation that didn't have guard
rails meaning that neither participant
knew how long something should go you
know when do you when do you stop doing
whatever you're doing and do something
else you know some of the normal cues of
conversation were missing and Trump did
what Trump does which is if there's an
empty space he fills it
completely I mean you you wouldn't even
like him if he didn't do that uh Trump
says if you're going to leave free money
on the table I'll pick it up if there's
a silence I'll fill it with my message
so you hear my message so because the
phone is a terrible way to interrupt
somebody and normal conversations have
interruptions where if somebody's going
on too long the other person will kind
of cut in you and maybe the cutting in
would be the your your signal that maybe
that answer is going on too long but uh
Elon didn't really have the option of
cutting in one because it's Trump but
the other is that I don't know if the
technology lets you interrupt you know
when you're on the phone sometimes you
can't hear the interrupt and there's a
little time lag and something so I think
he didn't have probably didn't have the
option of interrupting which allowed
Trump to Simply make of it what he
wanted to make of it and so to me it was
Trump's stump speech and the things he
usually says and went on way too
long because you know mus to his credit
was testing out a new a new way of doing
something so let me say something about
that
because nobody had ever done something
quite like this which is somebody like
Elon Musk you know who's like him nobody
talking to somebody like Trump with an
extended conversation I love that musk
took a chance on this if this had gone
terrible or this had gone great I would
love it because this is what we need
more of somebody having an idea hey I
have an idea of how we could improve the
communication
or anything let's try it out if it
doesn't work it will only embarrass me
now that's the
attitude what's more perfect than that
if you were going to learn anything from
last night had nothing to do with
anything Trump said if you're going to
learn one thing it's learn how to put
yourself in a place where you could be
embarrassed but if it worked out
everybody would be ahead that's perfect
you you want you want a million of that
um you don't want the people who are
just playing as safe all the time right
this wasn't the biggest risk so he just
puts himself out there maybe this will
work maybe it won't we'll see what
happens now to be
honest I think it didn't work more than
it worked and I'll I'll give you some
details on that but it's still genius
it's still brilliant it's still Brave is
still right in terms of a system if you
think of it in terms of a goal
you know what was the goal or like the
goal would be a nice informative you
know tell you something you didn't know
get more people involved you know that
might have been the goal but but if you
think of it as a system and I think musk
probably thinks more like systems you
say to yourself the current systems for
information are incomplete what would
you do about that well what you do about
that is test some new systems so that's
what he did it's kind of perfect
from a system perspective from a goal
perspective did you nail exactly what
you hoped you would nail well
somewhat partial I'll say partial
success but some risk let's talk about
that first of all I've got great
questions about how many people
experienced it because the numbers are
all over the place um I think there are
1.3 million people listening
live which is a lot but not you know
world changing number but apparently 77
million had some kind of an impression
meaning they at least sampled it I guess
but a lot of people had some audio
problems and the denial of service thing
probably you know they tried a few times
and couldn't get in and probably quit
and uh I think Elon said there was
something like a billion
interactions if you count the secondary
effect a lot of people had viewing
parties and they streamed it on their
stream and you all that which by the way
I love the fact that Elon didn't seem to
be wanting to um hammer anybody who was
rebroadcasting it now in theory musk
could have said hey this is our content
you know the only people can watch it
are the people watching it natively not
somebody watching somebody else's
podcast which is also watching it he
could have but that's not that's not the
way he rolls I I think he wanted maximum
Free Speech Maxim
reach again from a systems perspective
100% the right decision let let people
let people have fun with it just let it
out there let people do whatever they
want with it and the more people will
see it so that was perfect as
well so I thought uh Trump uh went on
too long sort of went into his stump
speech and complaining about his usual
things and his usual Hyperbole and his
insults for the other people and a lot
of things we'd seen before and way too
much about the Border just way too much
and I think that was what the experiment
found is if you don't have a little bit
of structure on
it somebody as a as verbose and
opportunistic As Trump is just going to
fill all the space and that's pretty
much what he did for about two hours all
right here's the biggest issue in my
opinion um some say that there was
something wrong with the audio because
apparently there's a known problem with
the hosts of the spaces uh having some
compression problem and it will
sometimes make them sound like they have
Dentures or make them sound like they're
slurring so I was listening to it and my
first take was this could end Trump's
entire
campaign that's how bad I thought it was
cuz um I didn't know what it was when I
heard I thought why does it sound like
he has his Dentures are loose or or he
slurring so he would be talking normally
like this and thenly you be fling a
little bit like this and you sound like
his maybe his Dentures are falling out
and then he'd go back to normal talking
and I was sitting there thinking what
the hell is this there nothing we've
ever heard before like not even a little
bit you know when when uh Biden was
going all dementia you could see it for
years a little bit so that when it when
it got bad anybody had been paying
attention said well there's the natural
progression of what we've been watching
for five years so no surprise but
there's no there's no hint of
this anything Trump's ever done
before so it would be highly
unusual that he has some kind of weird
lispy loose Dentures I don't think he
has Dentures by the way um or that had
dental work and didn't mention it if he
had dental work he certainly would have
known his own voice was weird and he
would have mentioned it I think that's
fair now what I was worried about is not
that there was something wrong with
Trump although I did worry about that I
guess I guess let me take that back I
did worry about it up until somebody
said oh that's a microphone thing you
we're aware of that that's a that's a
known effect from exactly that situation
a host on space
people say that's a known thing I don't
know I can't can't uh can't confirm it
from my own Impressions but apparently V
sounded like that a little bit and we
know he doesn't have that
slur so I can't confirm what caused it
um my suspicion is microphone
compression but I've never heard of that
and I've never heard other people have
it so I don't know what I do know is
from a political perspective perspective
it might be one of the most damaging
things I've ever seen in politics
because if you look at what the
Democrats are saying they're entire
messaging is he's slurring he's got
mental problems he's old uh it's bad
now I guess the good news is that our
news is so siloed that unless you go
look for it you would never see it if
you're a republican you just never even
see that the Democrats universally are
saying he's slurring and rambling and I
think rambling and slurring were the
words that they were settling on for
their attacks and let me tell you if you
saw if you just listen to a
clip or you listen to part of it and
then you heard their
interpretation that he was slurring and
rambling you would hear slurring and
rambling and it would make you wonder
what's going on
so I thought it was I mean there there
was literally a point
where I said to my audience because I
was watching it live as well um it might
end his actually end his campaign it was
actually that bad in my opinion now the
the thing working against
that is that people believe what they
want to believe and they've already made
up the decision that there might be zero
people who changed their vote because of
this I don't think it would matter what
he did and you could say that about any
other candidate at this point in the
race everybody's made up their
mind right so I heard him slurring is
that going to change my vote no is is
there anybody listening to this is there
even one person who listened to that and
then changed their vote is there one
person even one person who said you know
I was all in for Trump but then I heard
that microphone slurring thing and
changed my mind no because if he comes
out and does a speech today and he talks
in his normal Trump way well that's the
end of it so the sooner he says
something in public and we get it on
audio and it sounds perfect and I I
think it will I mean I'm pretty sure
it's a microphone problem but uh the
sooner he does that the better because
we we need to you know he needs to erase
that memory from the public as soon as
possible and it would be ideal if if he
knew what the problem was it would be
ideal if he got somebody who was a
engineer to create a tweet and maybe
even demonstrate it say look here here's
this uh slurring thing here's an example
of somebody who doesn't slur you can
hear the audio of them originally now
here is them going through the
compression you can see this this is
what happened to Trump and then have
Trump repost it and say you know look at
those lying Democrats saying that there
was a
problem but I think he needs to do it
soon
so if there's anybody who's an engineer
who's ever tested this uh and by the way
I'm not 100% sure what's going on so if
you think I'm saying I know that it was
a microphone problem I definitely don't
know that that's not my area of
expertise and I hadn't seen it before so
I have no background to have an opinion
one way or the other I just think it's
more likely because it would be weird if
this is the one time he had massive
slurring now the good news is that Trump
doesn't
drink how good news is that talk about
you know adding to the list of reasons
not to
drink if if Trump was known if anybody
even thought he'd ever had a drink you
would have thought he was drunk just
because of the voice compression
problem so I love the fact that not a
single person said he sounded drunk if
literally if that had been any other
human being I would have said hm I think
drunk but I love the fact that Trump is
so famously a non-drinker non- drugie
non-cigarette that it doesn't even come
up I mean if you're going to pick one
positive that's a pretty big positive
actually I do love the fact that as a
role model yeah maybe he's a
little he's got some habits that you
wouldn't want to copy but that's a good
one the the staying off the the
alcohol um let's see what else we got
going so it was long and I thought it
was uh extra boring I I think uh musk
had a little trouble ending it or
knowing when to end some of it was not
wanting to force the ending just to let
it have a natural end and I think Trump
trump ended up ending it himself and
some of it is how do you stop him from
talking and some of it is maybe thinking
you hadn't gotten some good stuff yet so
the long you talk the more good stuff
you'd get but here are some uh
takeaways uh both musk and uh Trump
mispronounced kamla Harris's name they
both called her a
Kamala and I you know I I just don't
know what to to do about that um because
I spent a lot of time Mis pronouncing
her name and I'm pretty sure it wasn't
out of
racism because I really like to say the
people's names correctly you know
whether I like them or not I think
saying somebody's name correctly is is
like way up there in importance if I can
do it you know there's some I can't
pronounce like chth whose last name will
always always get away from me but uh I
like to say them right when I can but
it's just weird that it's almost
impossible for people to remember from
one time to the other how how to say her
name anyway both uh Trump and and musk
were very pro- nuclear power as an
energy need of the future uh they had an
interesting back and forth about climate
change um I would I would say that
musk he did a really good job of
explaining his view on climate change
and I heard something I'd never heard
before so generally speaking musk thinks
that you know we don't want to be
radically getting rid of our fossil
fuels because first of all we have
enough time probably to transition and
survive any climate changes if there are
but he also thinks that uh you know we
should be leaning hard in the direction
of of alternate sources he thinks solar
will be the dominant source of energy at
some point in the future I think that
depends entirely upon how quickly you
build nuclear power plants but he he has
a he has um an interest in solar because
it's part of his business so I wouldn't
take it too seriously when somebody who
sells solar says solar might be the
primary source of energy in the future
I'm not quite sold on that but you
understand the context he's a person in
that in that industry and he might be
right by the way I'm not saying he's
wrong
um but one of the things that musk added
that I never heard is that if your CO2
reaches a certain level it becomes hard
to
breathe have you ever heard that why is
that the first time I've ever heard that
and he doesn't think we're especially
close to that level but you know maybe
in the 50 100 Year range we might have
some noticeable difference in our
breathing that would be pretty
scary so I never heard that
before
um what I did think is that uh I heard a
people say that it's amazing how Trump
could speak on every
topic and what I thought is that he can
 on every
topic one of the things that Trump does
well is something that I always
recommend to other people if they want
to learn how to better if
there's any complicated topic let's say
Ai and you want to you know you're going
to be in conversations about it in the
case of trump he knows he's going to be
interviewed you only need to learn a
couple things and then you make sure
that you put those things into your
limited conversation time and it will
sound like you know more than you know
so Trump does this with AI he says you
know AI could double the amount of uh
Power we need now I don't
know will it I mean I I think he's
directionally correct about that
but that doesn't take really an
expert you that's just a headline you
read once oh AI will double our energy
needed but it's so smart when Trump uh
lays down a little fact like that cuz
first of all it's probably the most
important fact you know other than the
AI existential threat itself that we all
know but not everybody knows that the
power draw will be not just a lot but
like oh my God a lot like I don't know
if we can do it a lot like crazy a lot
and the fact that Trump knows that and
puts it out there first uh first of all
choose up the time that you might have
talked about Ai and when you're done you
think well that's Trump he's he's pretty
plugged in he knew that important fact
about AI it might be the only fact he
knows now I'm exaggerating I mean I'm
sure he knows Nvidia is making the chips
and he knows that it's the most
important thing for the future and he
knows China is trying to catch up you
know basic stuff but when he throws in
that little thing about energy it just
makes him look like he's a little bit
more plugged in than he probably
is which is good
technique so yes Trump can on
basically every top IC because he does
this trick he finds that one little
nugget of knowledge that makes him look
like he's dug in and then he gives it to
you and he fills up all the time and
then like wow he could talk about
anything so it's a good uh communication
and political Technique we don't know
how deep he can
go um then uh musk pitched an idea which
in some ways makes me think that was his
primary purpose for doing this but mus
said uh I think it would be great to
have a a government efficiency
commission that ensures that the
taxpayer money that the taxpayers hard
in money is spent in a good way and then
mus said I'd be happy to help out on
such a commission now he pitched
it two or three
times and I think the first one or two
times Trump just sort of ignored it and
said what he wanted to say and so Elon
circled back to it and you made sure
that he got a response on it and Trump's
response was uh I'd love it uh you well
you're the greatest cutter and he's
talked about how Elon Musk has cut
expenses in his own
companies um I did not get the sense
that Trump loved the idea and thought it
had potential I got the sense that he
was politely talking to somebody who is
offering a service and you you know you
never want to say no to that especially
your your host who has invited you onto
his platform so to me it looked like a
polite answer but did not indicate any
real interest in pursuing it so I think
it sort of died from neglect that day
and the other possibility is that Trump
is in political
mode where where he should be and he
knows that if he starts making talking
about Cuts or even starts talking about
having a commission with musk on it to
talk about
Cuts that's that the Democrats would say
what will the Democrats say the
Democrats would immediately turn that
into um Elon Musk is helping Trump cut
vital Social
Services which nobody
said but they could easily spin it into
that so I think Trump was uh politically
astute enough to know that agreeing un
you know unambiguously yes we'll we'll
form this commission you can be on it uh
that would list that would sound like
you're all losing your jobs in the
government and your Social Security will
get
cut doesn't mean any of that would be
true but that's how it would get spun so
I think maybe Trump's instinct
to hit a light touch on that the the
question about that commission should
only be discussed after he's elected and
he doesn't have to get elected again
then you've got something you know get
give me a lame duck uh lame duck Trump
with an efficieny commission where he'll
never have to run for office again oh
yeah oh yeah I I want that I want a lot
of that but before the election and
maybe maybe maybe just a light touch on
that just just to sort of suggest that
you might be some whatat interested a
little bit it's about the Right
Touch anyway the propaganda networks
like
MSNBC uh they just want to talk about
all the times that uh musk has posted
untrue things and on the list of untrue
things where these are unambiguously
untrue things that musk has in the past
said on the xplatform which proves that
the xplatform cannot be trusted with
anything honest says the MSNBC person he
actually says that the
immigration um current immigration is to
replace voters the voter replacement
Theory so that was an example of
something that musk has said that is
unambiguously not
true
um I think it's observably
true I think it's the most obviously
observably true thing you've ever seen
in America how in the world is this not
true I I believe we have people on the
record saying that they have that it's
it benefits the uh the census you know
you might get more representation in
blue areas if they're just more
population there um clearly they're
being registered to vote clearly the
Democrats have rejected any uh
legislation that would deny them the
right to vote meaning the people were
non-citizens I would say it's the most
objectively obviously true thing in
American
history now there might be other reasons
that people are in favor of unrestricted
or relatively unrestricted immigration
but
clearly the voting part is part of it I
mean I I can't think of anything that's
more obviously true and what would be
the argument that it's not true I mean
the numbers are the numbers and they do
get mailing uh they get mailing
ballots so some would say it's so they
can vote others would say it's so they
can harvest the the ballots that the uh
non citizens were never planning to use
but now that they have them they can
fill somebody else can fill them out and
mail them in who
knows um but of course the uh the
EU uh one of their officials uh this the
Breon guy or Ty Breon or Tyrie Breon or
Tyrant Bron I don't know how to say his
name but he sent sent this big official
looking letter to Elon Musk before the
conversation with Trump and it was a big
bureaucratic letter I could barely get
through but the idea was that the
European Union is watching the
xplatform because they think it's a
disinformation
spreader and maybe you know dangerous
disinformation that could make things
violent and they warned that
conversation with Trump uh might be more
of that and could certainly work against
X's interests of staying in
business now imagine that now what was
musk's uh response to that uh something
like shove it up your ass but there was
certainly nothing on the um conversation
with Trump that is even
slightly dangerous I didn't see I didn't
hear anything dangerous but
misinformation is what every
conversation with every politician
is do they imagine that if if Harris had
been the the person who by the way is
invited so musk made sure that KL Harris
has the same
opportunity
um but every politici lies pretty much
every time they go on television in ways
that everybody can tell so what is the
European Union going to do about the
fact that every politician lies every
time they're on television or anytime
they're
recorded it's not like Trump is the one
guy doing
it
so uh this seems to be the way that uh
the American Spooks are
controlling European entities to control
American
politics so mus is the only one holding
out against incredible pressure and I
imagine this is going to get really
expensive for him he might even you Lo
lose the the European market
entirely so the European Union I don't
know I think the United States should
threaten them but of course our
government is on their side if our were
president Trump let's say he gets
elected if that happened
I think we would have to tell the
European Union that uh if they censor us
if they try to censor American free
speech that will remove all funding from
NATO too
strong uh I I don't see any scenario in
which I would protect Europe while
they're removing our Free
Speech let me say that directly there's
no scenario in which I would be willing
to protect Europe from anything if
they're actively trying to suppress free
speech in my country no if you're
attacking my country uh I'm going to
side with
Russia
sorry Russia is not attacking my country
but Europe is this is this is an attack
on my basic
freedoms so if Europe is attacking me
and Russia is not even though Russia has
a pretty good reason to attack and
they're
not is it wrong that I would side with
Russia
now I'm being a little hyperbolic of
course when you take this out of context
somebody will take it out of context
this is hyper right uh but you need to
take it
seriously uh I'm not so sure this
wasting money on NATO makes sense when
Europe is attacking the United States
period That's How seriously I take it I
would I would say we're just going to
cut all your funding and we'll just make
sure that the United States can closes
borders and you know good luck you're
lost anyway again that's hyperbole
obviously we would prefer a strong
relationship with
Europe uh The Washington
Post
um they've got a uh so the at the White
House pressor the Washington post's
cleave Woodson he's a reporter I guess
and he said this he said Elon Musk is
slated to interview Donald Trump
tomorrow night so this is ahead of the
event and he said I don't know if the
president is going to uh feel afraid to
say if he is or not but I I think that's
misinformation on Twitter is not just a
campaign issue it's a you know it's an
America issue what role does the White
House or the president have any sort of
stopping that or stopping the spread of
that sort of inter intervening in that
some some of what was about campaig Mis
information but you know it's a wider
thing
right now I'm not going to say he's a
Dei
hire but you're terrible people so
you're going to say
it this is massively
incompetent in
public massively incompetent how in the
world did this guy get a job
anything anything now would I be would I
be mocking him if he were a white man
yes yes he he appears to be incompetent
at his basic job and he suggesting that
the White House should end Free Speech
if they don't like it because uh because
Trump might say something that's
misinformation as if Kell Harris and Joe
Biden have never said anything this
misinformation how in the world did this
guy get a job are you freaking kidding
me now remember my um my uh
prediction that if you've got a woke
company and they have to do the Dei
thing and they're just not enough people
in the pool of people that they have to
pick they don't stop picking they just
lower their they lower their standards
until they can be diverse because that's
their highest priority Washington Post
would be you know right at at the top of
the
Dei uh you know totem pole so of course
they've got to try extra
hard and the predictable outcome is W
wildly incompetent staff now to me this
looked like an example of a wildly
incompetent
staff it might not be a Dei
problem is there any proof that he was
hired because of a Dei issue no not at
all but it's your first question because
they have a system which guarantees
incompetence eventually and then when
you see the incompetence and it's so GL
glaringly
obvious are you going to not say well
there was a thing that predicted that
and it had nothing to do with race has
nothing to do with gender has nothing to
do with your genes your culture has only
to do with supply and demand if there's
not enough Supply in the short term
there's still going to hire even if the
supply is lacking they'll just lower
their standards until they meet their
diversity so that's what it looks like
but do we know that's what happened no
no we
don't all
right uh K Harris is on the cover of uh
Time
Magazine but when Time Magazine asked
her for an interview she said
no do do you know why Time Magazine puts
somebody on the cover
well partly it's you know to get
eyeballs and the usual reason that a
publication does anything but here's the
other reason so that they'll do an
interview if Tai magazine says we're
going to make you the
cover you're supposed to say yes to the
interview that's how that
works it it was like my when my little
College uh invited me back after Dilbert
became kind of a big thing in the 90s
but College I graduated from Hartwig
College in Onan New York before I went
to
Berkeley uh they they decided I would be
named the outstanding young
alumnist so I was like wow that's quite
an honor and of all the people who
graduated they think I'm the outstanding
one for young young people so they
invited me to come give a speech and I
thought wow wow what an honor I got
invited to give a speech at my college
and I'm going to be like a returning
hero and
uh are you going to tell me what went
wrong before I tell you because you all
know right because I was very young I
was not wise with the ways of the
world the reason that they name you the
outstanding young alness is they think
that they can get more money on of you
if they name you the outstanding young
lumpus it's just a fundraising thing has
nothing nothing to do with any respect
they had for you as a
graduate so I was so dumb I flew
all the way to New York to give this
little speech that nobody listened to
and it was all just to basically you
rope me in and turn me into a a massive
donor and the whole thing was just
ridiculous so I never fell for that
again were there other organizations
that said hey we'd like to give you an
award yes there were
do you know how I handled those no
thanks oh but um maybe you don't
understand we we have this prestigious
award and and we just voted to give it
to you so that's why we're inviting you
to come speak because it's a big honor
for you and I would say that's great no
thanks so that's the way I handed it in
the future anyway so Kam was on the
cover of Time Magazine and she still
said no which tells you that
strategy of keeping you from hearing
anything that she says spontaneously
that she's not reading is still in
play and I'm going to say
again it's
brilliant yeah the the longer they go
without you hearing her make a mistake
the longer you'll think that any mistake
she makes is just some kind of weird
Oddity and nothing you need to take too
seriously it's like oh maybe she just
had a bad day so but if she came out of
the gate you know blathering and
cackling and acting like her usual self
you would say well why did we pick her
they just have to keep you quiet for a
month without hearing well keep her
quiet for a month in terms of
spontaneous challenging interviews and
you will form strong opinions her
supporters will that will not be changed
if she says something in public that
doesn't sound too good
I hate that this is such a good
strategy it shouldn't work you know in
the world that you want to live in
having your candidate not talk in any
challenging situation should be the last
thing that you would look to as
something you would support you think
even Democrats would say all right all
right look you know you had Biden who
couldn't talk to anybody you replace you
replace him with Harris who can't have a
conversation and you want me to vote for
that
you're asking me to vote for the second
candidate in a row who can't talk in
public the most basic thing a president
needs to do you think that all common
sense says that they'd be out like I'm
out but if they're out Trump wins and
they can't abide that so they're going
to twist their brains into whatever
pretzels they need them to be so they
can say she's great and not hearing from
her in a spontaneous way for a month
is really good strategy for that they
might also be coaching her to see if
they can get her to be you know more
more coherent in
public meanwhile uh the kamla HQ account
um which I think is an official account
of the Harris
campaign um they posted this 7 years ago
today white supremacists and neo-nazis
marched on Charlottesville chanting
racist and anti-s IC pile and killing an
in innocent woman this is who Donald
Trump calls quote very fine
people now I would like to suggest that
Republicans use the following standard
now that Snopes has debunked it and by
the way the Trump war room that's also
an official account um said of it it's a
lie that has been so thoroughly and
exhaustively debunked that repeating it
insults the intelligence of the American
people every time anyone gets F uh well
this was me sorry here's my
opinion anytime a republican gets fact
checked they should ask the entity that
did the
factchecking to fact check the fine
people hes and I would use that as the
key to help Democrats understand which
fake news is
fake so if I were interviewed and
somebody says you know president Trump
said 15 things that are not true what do
you say about that I would say did your
network debunk the fine people hoax or
did it report it like it was
true well well we're not talking about
me we're talking about President Trump I
know but you're the one who's judging
whether he told the truth we'd like to
see if you're good at judging who tells
the truth do you believe that he once
said that neonazis are fine people well
it's not about me it's a no it is about
you you're the the one who's judging
who's telling the truth can you judge
the simplest most debunked hoax the most
important and dangerous one in ever
American history did you tell your
audience that that none of that was true
because Biden ran an entire campaign on
it did you ever mention that it wasn't
true well keep stop trying to change the
subject to me it's not about it's not no
it is about you it's very much about you
that that's what I would do if I were a
Republican I wouldn't let anybody do any
factchecking if they're not willing to
fact check
that all right uh
axios which we well I would say uh I
wouldn't consider that an objective
source of news let's put it that way uh
but they're reporting that crime was
lower under Biden than under Trump but
one of the Trump communication guys on
the campaign Dylan Johnson um tries to
clear that up on X with the post uh so
he says so it may be true that in some
cities some categories of violent crime
are lower for the first six months of
2024 compared to 2023 but violent crime
is still way up compared to 2019 under
Trump now let me tell you how people
report fake statistics first of all all
data is wrong you know I I I'll I'll
tell you that a million more times
because you don't believe it yet you
still think I don't mean that you still
think that's hyperbole don't you when I
say all data is wrong all data is wrong
because there's always somebody who has
a financial interest in presenting it
otherwise you would never hear
it the only data you ever hear is data
that someone who's collecting the data
the same person who's in charge of
collecting it and presenting it has a
financial interest
or it could be a political interest but
that you know translates into Financial
as
well so there's no such thing as just
data and there never will be there can't
be because there it's all collected by
Liars with financial or political
interest and those people have no
incentive whatsoever to tell you the
truth they tell you some shaded version
of the truth here's how you do it if
there happened to be a pandemic that
happened during Trump
Administration and you know the pandemic
itself was the reason that crime went
through the roof what you do is you pick
the highest point of the pandemic which
had not a lot to do with Trump's
Administration in terms of the crime and
then you say well after the pandemic
when it was totally over crimes lower
under Biden so therefore logically
Biden's better on crime because at the
height of the
pandemic there was more
crime but as uh Dylan Johnson points out
a more reasonable comparison would be
the normal the last normal year of trump
2019 compared to the most recent normal
year of Biden and if you compare their
normal year to normal year uh things are
worse not better now I this is the same
trick that um stock funds
use if somebody has a managed stock fund
and they say give me your money and I'll
take some of your money
but I'll invest the rest and you'll make
lots of money because I'm so good at
investing and you as a consumer say how
do I know you're good at investing and
they say well look at my statistics if
you look at the if you look at from this
quarter to this quarter we were in the
top 10% of all investing
companies and then if you were to check
their numbers they would be they would
be right and you'd say to yourself wow
they did really kill the average during
that little period but guess what if
you're guessing about stocks and which
ones are going to go up you should have
have periods where you're way up and you
beat the average periods where you're
way down and you're lower than the
average and if you do a great job your
your your average if your up and down
beats the average almost no stock funds
do that but they all say they do because
they can all pick a recent time when
things went well for them so they say
look at this period now let's say they
go five years where they didn't once
beat the average what do they advertise
then nothing they just don't advertise
they don't tell you what their record is
when it's bad they just wait for a
little period when just by luck they had
one stock that did well and they go look
at how we beat everybody for this little
period so that's that's what uh the
Biden Administration is doing with the
crime
data here's a story I didn't even know
was percolating but apparently there was
some kind of court case in New York
where the judge uh issued an opinion
that RFK Jr's physical present at his
supposed New York place of residence was
virtually
non-existent and she ruled that uh that
that
misrepresentation disqualifies RFK Jr
from appearing on New York's general
election
ballot so if that doesn't get reversed
RFK Jr will not appear on the New York
ballot because somebody in New York said
he
misrepresented his uh place of
residence now keep in mind
that um his place of residents shouldn't
have made any difference to the state of
New
York uh how would it make a
difference I I can't think of how it
makes a difference if you're running for
president can't you live in
Florida I'm pretty sure we have somebody
running for president who lives in
Florida so what the hell difference does
it make if he misrepresented the amount
of time he spends in his New York home
so they're just going to use the
misrepresentation
alleged as a reason he can't be on the
ballot at all I mean that doesn't even
sound
slightly like the justice system working
the way anybody would want it to is is
there even one voter in New York who
thinks it makes sense not to have an
option to vote for RFK Jr because he
said something about his place of
residence in New York how does anybody
care about
that
absurd well here's some good
news um according to uh Republican
National committee chairman Michael
Watley uh they've got
157,000
volunteers for their program to be pole
Watchers so that would be uh he's he's
worked with RNC
co-chairwoman Lara Trump now they had
promised they were going to try to find
a 100,000 recruits to volunteer for what
they call their protect the vote program
basically observers so they tried to get
a 100,000
people they already have
157,000 now
I'm prepared to be very proud of
Republicans it's too soon to say too
soon to
say but one of the things I've always
liked about Republicans is that they
quietly do the important
things instead of yelling about
unimportant things I mean everybody does
that too but Republicans are kind of
it's it's almost built into their
character how about I just quietly do
this thing
you remember when the shy the so-called
shy Trump supporters were apparently
lying to
pollsters and I kept telling you I feel
like that's a republican
thing I think they just all quietly know
what they need to do to you know make
this a surprise and then they just do it
because it's important and they can so
they do and it looks like maybe that's
what
happened but here's a case case where I
think Republicans really really
understand that you're going to need a
lot of
observers that's not going to stop every
form of potential fraud but it's really
really really important so what happens
when Republicans know something's really
important like not a joke like not
hyperbole not politics just really basic
and important they show up here it is
tried to get 100,000 got
157,000 so far like where's it going to
end do they have a they have an upper
limit I don't even know maybe maybe
there's too many but no Republicans are
saying very clearly we don't trust this
election tell me what to do and then
Laura Trump and U Michael Watley tell
them what to do and then they do
it good job so if this turns out to be
the
and if it makes a difference in the
election in a positive way or even if
they find some you know big discrepancy
that wouldn't have been found before I'm
just going to be really
impressed because you know we live in a
country where you don't expect things to
work you know we just stopped expecting
basic competence but this is starting to
shape up like a pocket of high
competence in a world where that's rare
now I told you that laa Trump in
particular is a wild card in the
election I think she's just so capable
and you working with
Watley um and of course he gets credit
as well uh this might make a big
difference now I'll reup my idea that
there should be a bounty or a payment
for
whistleblowers so that anybody who SE
something wrong with the election can
come forward and get a big
payment but importantly
that that should be introduced before
the election you don't want to introduce
that idea after the election you want to
do it before and here's why almost every
form of cheating has at least one
accomplice you want everybody to look at
their accomplice and
say okay we're getting paid ,000 to do
this whatever it is
hypothetically uh but you'll make a
million dollars if you turn me in so if
you turn me in you'll probably get some
amnesty and a million dollars I will
just go to
jail so it's going to be kind of hard to
find an accomplice that you trust
because if you're doing this at all
you're both criminals do you trust
criminals a criminal who could make a
million dollars and they're already
they're already violating a major law
for $1,000
of course they take the million to turn
you in put you in jail of course they
would so you could completely disrupt
their operation by making sure that the
whistleblowers know that they can get
paid after the
election that's how I'd play
it here's some uh important news about
Russia according to the financial times
Russia has trained its Navy uhoh they're
training its Navy to Target sites deep
within Europe with nuclear capable
missiles in a potential conflict with
NATO wait are you telling me that Russia
had never
thought of training their Navy how to
Target their potential
enemy I feel like that's
basic I feel like this is a story that's
a non-story is this just to make us feel
bad about Russia I mean this this is
kind of story where I say to s didn't
100% of you know that everybody with
nuclear weapons is training their side
to Target their potential
enemies there's literally no news here
it just makes you feel a certain way
which makes me think it's just
propaganda here's something
fun uh the Atlanta Journal Constitution
one of Atlanta's papers maybe the only
one uh they had this headline line with
a with a subtitle not too long
ago and the headline was this
reinvestigation of Fulton's 2020
election ordered by Georgia election
board and then the sub uh subheading was
uh fraud hasn't been found but
Republican majority demands the answer
oh man those damn Republicans am I right
there's no fraud found and they're still
demanding some out of action because you
know they just can't let it go they just
love those Republicans so so doubtful so
distrustful there's no fraud bit oh wait
it turns out they had to update their
subtitle because uh the fraud had been
found so here's the revised they revised
their subtitle on the headline to
Republican majority on state election
board seeks further inquiry of double
counted
votes
because it's a fact that there were
double counted
votes now if you're a
Democrat and you see the first headline
fraud hasn't been found but those damn
Republicans keep as asking for
investigations you would say you know my
msnb told me this back in 2020 that
everything was fine and it's just the
Republicans being
jerks but what if you knew
that there definitely were double
counted votes does that change how you
think about any of this well here's the
thing
people
uh there might be some cases I guess
they'll find out in which some some
votes might have been double counted you
maybe they ran something to the machine
more than once maybe but at least we can
trust that once things get into the
machines whether it's the vote or the
ballot uh that everything's good once it
gets to the
machines right because we've been told
that we have very secure systems the the
election machines and the ballot
counting machines all very secure very
secure next
story uh Politico is writing an article
um about there there was a hackers
convention in which at least part of one
part of it is they uh take a bunch of
machines that are used currently in
elections and then they see if the
hackers who are gathered can hack
them but thank goodness our elections
have machines that can't be
hacked and if in the unlikely event that
somebody found a problem with one well
they would immediately fix it
right I mean even if a hacker did get in
the information would be given to the
company the company would say whoa we
didn't know about that but we'll we'll
put a update patch in there and we'll
take care of that right away
right wait
right no no
what in in the comments I'm saying you
don't think that would happen you don't
think that if the in the rarest case a
hacker found some problem you don't
think the company would just immediately
plug that hole because there's an
election
coming well here's what actually
happened turns out that all of the
machines well I don't know if it was all
of them uh V vulnerabilities were found
uh quote particularly troubling during
the election year quote they found
vulnerabilities in everything and
everything is in all caps they found
vulnerabilities in everything from
voting machines to eole
books
everything everything in all caps every
single technological part of our
elections was
hacked for practice for
fun just to see if they could do it
every single electronic device got
hacked by this little room of
hackers so but at least as I'm saying we
got we have months and until the
election so now that they've compiled
all these hacks they give them to the
companies the companies quickly issue
a oh that's not
happening why not why wouldn't they just
patch all the machines it's just
softare Well turns out there's not
enough
time turns out that any kind of a change
that would plug those holes would be a
fairly comprehensive change and it's
nothing the sort of thing you could
expect any company could pull off and
have everything updated by
November so you know what they're going
to do
instead just hold the
election they're going to hold the
election after the hackers have I assume
published where all the vulnerabilities
are this doesn't even sound real does
it I saw on uh I think it was the uh
George account George's user on uh X
who's got a real good account you should
follow
George um but he found the article in
Politico and you know posted about it
but it wasn't a link so I thought oh go
to Politico this looks like the biggest
story in the country so I go to the
front page I'm like
what George is pretty reliable and he
says Politico has this big story about
the election machines not being uh
completely
secure and I thought oh I don't see it
so I actually had to do a search on
Politico you know like with Search terms
and that it came up so it wasn't a
wasn't on the top page when I looked for
it but there it
was and uh here's one of the quotes from
one of the people
involved uh somebody named hursty
so this is somebody involved in the the
hacker thing I don't know if he was a
hacker himself but he says quote if you
don't think this kind of place now what
he what he means is the hackers had
their own uh room where just the hackers
and the machines were so they had access
all the machines because they're all in
the same room he says if you don't think
this kind of place is running 247 in
China Russia you're kidding yourselves
hursty said gesturing around the room of
voting equipment we here
only oh my God I can barely read this
this is so so insane he goes quote we
are here only for two and a half days
and we find stuff it would be stupid to
assume that the
adversaries don't have absolute access
to
everything so that's somebody who knows
what he's talking about he's in the room
room with the equipment in the room with
the hackers he's all the way in and he
says it would be stupid to assume that
the adversaries don't have absolute
access to
everything and they were testing to see
if they could change the vote count
without getting caught
yep why are we even having an
election this doesn't make sense
unless somebody has a counter to this I
don't know what it would be I mean they
you know sometimes the counter is um the
hackers used the old versions of the
software so it could be that it could be
that they just didn't have access to the
brightest newest software maybe they
found some things that are already fixed
that could be so I would wait for the
other side there might be another side
to the
story but remember when uh was it
Christopher Ray head of the
FBI uh give me a fact check on this but
my by memory I believe he suggested that
China at the very least was already
inside all of our most secure
infrastructure systems in the United
States and the fact that they haven't
crashed them is only because they would
worry about retaliation not because they
couldn't now if Christopher Ray says he
is sure without having proof that China
is inside all of our or most of our
infrastructure
systems don't you think that means that
America is inside their infrastructure
systems do you do you think that the FBI
would tell you that our adversaries can
get into all of our
systems and yet it would not be
true that with our Superior hackers at
least that's what we're told uh that we
wouldn't be in our adversary systems to
at least have a rep Li in case they try
to crash
something doesn't that mean that our own
internal intelligence people would also
have full access to our
systems and aren't they the very same
people who try to take over governments
in other places it's sort of their job
the CIA to make sure that friendly
governments get installed in other
countries we've done it 80 different
coups or something like that do you
think that they wouldn't try to keep
this terrible populist out of office
with couple
tweaks how would you
know so let's see they would have the
the
ability they would have the
incentive and they would have very low
chance of getting caught and
prosecuted under those conditions how
often does bad stuff
happen they can do it easily
they have a really really high reason to
do it like that they believe in their
soul like they're saving America or
saving their own jobs like important
stuff you know the the anti-trumpers in
their minds it's the most important
thing in the world he's Hitler he's
going to destroy everything you know and
love so you have the highest level
incentive somewhat easy access to change
it and all the Time in the
World Under what conditions does it not
happen I can't think of
any I can't think of any situation in
which that would not result in a rigged
election like I can't even think of a
hypothetical what would what would the
hypothetical look like it would look
like this uh Bob you know we're going to
rig this election because we got to save
the country against this existential
threat called Trump then Bob says well I
would have been on board yesterday but I
had a near-death experience and I talked
to God in person and now I cannot
lie well maybe but look how far you have
to reach to come with any scenario in
which the election is not rigged that
makes
sense now I suppose if you had a
near-death experience and turned into a
whistleblower and they didn't murder you
right there because they
could I guess in some weird you you know
unlikely situation we could have a clean
election but the the design of the
system largely guarantees it now when I
say the design of the
system I don't just mean the election
system I mean the design of America as a
system because right now the news is
telling us that Hitler might come to
office and get reelected we didn't
notice he was Hitler the first time
first four years we didn't
notice it's just so crazy
but uh I don't know it's kind of tough
to uh it's tough to feel that the
election would be true so I'm going to
double down on my
prediction uh I don't think that the
outcome no matter what it is no matter
which way goes the election I don't
think it will be trusted by the people
who lose so if Democrats lose they'll
think it's rigged one way the other and
vice versa so I don't know how we're
going to have a transfer of
power of any
kind how how could it possibly
happen wow according to George the one I
was talking about he says uh breaking
thousands of British Patriots gathered
in London to support Trump saying his
victory is needed across the
world
wow huh I don't know if thousands is
enough enough I mean thousands isn't is
not a lot but uh we'll
see all right uh there's some uh
documents according to the Daily W wire
some documents have been found that
explain how the Soros network not only
uh funds candidates to get them in
office you know the attorney generals
Etc but after it gets them in office
apparently it stays connected to them
and sort of keeps training them and
influencing them so it's not just that
Soros gets people that think like him in
office once in office they have a formal
way to continue influencing them because
of course they'd like to stay in office
and they'd like to get funded for their
next campaign so basically Soros has
found a way to Simply
buy uh local
officials and they spent 117 million
since 2016 to reshape America's justice
system uh three in 10 Americans now live
under a Soros prosecutor I'm one of
them and that these uh prosecutors uh
continue to be told what to
do by the people who fund them now I
learned something the other day about my
local area not my specific town but
there's a town
nearby where apparently the Soros SL SL
act blue money is going to put a bad
character in the mayor's
job
and here's what I just realized Soros is
doing certainly he gets a a fast bang
for the buck by controlling the um the
justice system and that's a pretty big
lever but there's a bigger lever coming
which is if you can
buy uh a victory in the mayor's office
in every middle or large
city or most of them those become the
people who eventually go from mayor to
let's say a state senator to let's say a
representative to let's say a senator to
let's say a president so in other words
Soros and act blue are creating a pool
of
experienced people who will be the
leaders of tomorrow but they're starting
them at the level where it's cheap so so
you can get ownership of them at the
mayor level and then you
continue you know continue funding them
if they go to higher office and you you
make sure that the best ones do that
so the level of control that Soros is
putting on the country is way bigger
than you imagine and it's destroying a
town local to me now I don't want to
give you details because I'll get in
trouble but uh I've heard some really
really bad things about the local
politics and about act blue and soros's
influence and don't ignore that because
that might be the long range biggest
play according to the hill there was a
poll that showed that even Republicans
like the Biden suggested Supreme Court
reforms does that surprise you that even
Republicans
like all three of the the supported
reforms now there's a there's a
punchline to this so wait to the end um
but the reforms are
these um a con let's see they want a
uh they want a term limits 51% of even
Republicans like that now in each case
the Democrats like it more but even 51%
of Republicans said yeah term limits for
the Supreme Court I could go for that uh
The Binding code of
conduct on the Supreme Court members 70%
of Republicans said yeah code of conduct
totally reasonable why not and then on
the uh the uh let's
see um saying that nobody's Above the
Law I guess not the president and not
the Supreme Court 54 4% of Republicans
said yeah nobody's above the law makes
sense now here's what you don't know
about how the poll was
conducted they didn't tell the people
they asked whose ideas these were so in
other words the Republicans were not
presented with this Joe Biden would like
to do this do you
agree instead they said what do you
think of the idea of term
limits and apparently they I don't know
if they vetted them but they they may
have found people who just weren't up
with the news if you just came up to
anybody and said what do you think about
term limits on Supreme Court if they
didn't know where it came
from I could see why the majority would
say yeah you know on paper that sounds
pretty good but this is a uh another
example of the phenomenon which has been
tested many times if you took um
Trump's policies and simply said that
they were KLA Harris's policy
and stopped a Democrat on the street and
said um comml Harris would like to
tighten the border and uh do this or
that even the Democrat would say KL
Harris wants to do it I'm all on
board and then if you if you go you
could basically do this over and over
people will agree if they think their
team says it's a good idea and if you
don't tell them which team has the idea
then you get something a little closer
to an actual opinion but if they know
who's for it it means
nothing all
right
um so we also know that uh
ticktockers apparently are being
reportedly I suppose this could be fake
news but there are reports from
influencers that the kamla Harris
campaign as can contact them and offered
them cash to say things supportive of KL
Harris is that
legal I think it is right is legal to
just say I'll pay you to say good things
about our candidate or is it I think
it's legal I mean it's kind of sketchy
but it's I think it's legal but uh the
idea is that you should not trust any
celebrity endorsements
whatsoever uh a tick tocker
said that she was contacted I guess she
decided not to do it but wanted you to
know that uh these influencers are
paid uh I saw a headline that said that
there was a study that Tik Tock is not
as negative toward China as other
platforms is anybody surprised that Tik
Tok which is owned by China but they
don't touch the algorithm trust us trust
us we're not going to put a finger on
the algorithm it's just whatever the
people want and and then then a test
shows that Tik Tok is way friendlier to
China than the other
platforms just a
coincidence I doubt it it's probably
exactly what it looks
like there's a study in Psychology post
or something that they did a twin study
to see what would cause shifts in
political IDE iology and here's what
they found that apparently your
genetics do have an influence over your
initial political beliefs now you've
seen plenty of studies about this before
that there does seem to be an actual
genetic difference between uh liberals
and
conservatives that people are just
genetically conservative and genetically
might have discussed about some things
that somebody else thinks is just a good
time and that those are you're just born
with it now that feels right to me I I
believe that there is a strong
propensity to you know favor one side
based on your genes but if you were to
change your mind apparently the changing
your mind is influenced by your
environment so if your friends change
the mind and you watch different news
and maybe you move to a different town
you're you're far more likely to change
your mind on politics now all that to me
all that is is proof that brainwashing
works right if if we know with twins
that you can keep one twin the same and
the other twin can be changed because
you change their environment basically
that shows you the brainwashing works
because it's not about thinking that
what this what the study did not show is
that if you do a deep dive and you do
your own research you will find
information that might change your mind
nope it just said if you take this one
twin and put them in a different
environment they end up changing their
politics even though their genes are the
same as the one who stayed the same so
brainwashing works there was no appeal
to the one better educated who had more
facts changed their mind nothing like
that they just had to be in an
environment where other people had
different opinions and they changed
their mind it's as simple as
that we are not irrational people all
right YouTube is testing some kind of
community notes thing similar to the way
X does it now I haven't seen it yet but
um that's good news right because on X
the community notes there's a good check
on somebody's lying or inaccuracy
because uh when somebody tells a Whopper
there's a pretty good chance there'll be
a community note saying this is not true
so if YouTube were to do the same
thing that would be great wouldn't it
well I'm on YouTube right
now so let me say this YouTube is the
most wonderful company I've never known
a company so wonderful as YouTube they
are
fair and uh
professional and the last thing they
would ever do is put their thumb on the
community notes such that is simply
supported the
narrative you could count on the fact
that the community notes will be
debunking every reference to the Fine
people
hoax
right wait
no well I would say that YouTube doing
community note to
factchecking is one of the most
dangerous things I've ever seen in my
life could it work out positively
absolutely could if they really did take
their thumb off of the process and let
let it just run out and and if it's
organized the way community notes are on
X where you have to get some kind of
agreement or the note doesn't come you
might actually have something
there however this depends entirely on
YouTube having an interest in the the
information being accurate versus an
interest in supporting the
narrative which do you think is closer
to the truth
that YouTube's interest is to get the
most accurate information out there and
get rid of the worst or to support the
narrative well I would give you this
perspective if you're a big company that
depends on the
government's being on the good side with
the
government you kind of have to do the
narrative I don't think it's optional
for big companies when it was the last
time a big company especially a publicly
traded
when was the last time they told you the
government's narrative was wrong and you
should ignore
it I don't know does it ever happen so
we do have some questions about whether
this would remove bias or create bias
but I'm going to compliment YouTube for
testing
it you won't know until they do it so
very much like uh I have highest marks
for Elon Musk trying a new way to get
information to people through the
conversation with Trump uh I'm going to
say that whether or not this works the
community notes on YouTube it is
absolutely the right thing to test we
we'll have a good idea if it's working
after a year or so so good on you
YouTube let's see what we can do Fox
News has reported by a Chicago teachers
union
representative uh claiming that U
standardized tests are uh racist and
come from junk science and white
supremacy and
Eugenics and that's why the black kids
are not doing so well in school because
tests are racist and made by white
supremacists to keep the black people
down I
guess now that
[Music]
uh huh um that uh didn't go well with
all of the callers there was a a black
mother who called in and said
um I did well on all the standardized
tests and I'm pretty sure I want to
raise a child who can do well on all the
standardized tests why are you telling
me that black people can't do well on
standardized tests that sounds super
racist I'm adding that last part the
super racist part but I do like the fact
that there was a black mom who just
added some black mom common sense to the
teachers union with which is the most
dangerous part of America right now the
the teachers unions have
destroyed I I think they've destroyed
the country really because everything
that is a problem right now is the way
people think and all that came from the
school system so 20 years of the the
teachers unions destroying America and
here we
are
anyway so China's uh uh Huawei
Technologies they have some new chip
that's going to compete with nvidia's AI
chip so it's a Chinese made chip so they
don't have to rely on American
Technology because America has decided
that China can't have the good chips so
I think Nvidia is prevented from selling
their best chips to China so China is
like hell with you we'll make our own
chips um I don't think China's got ships
that are quite up to envidia standard
but who knows if they can catch up or
how long it would
take but here's the interesting part so
China is desperately trying to decouple
from requiring any American anything
they don't want American chips they
don't want American Technology they want
to be able to have their own control
because otherwise we'd have some ability
to suppress them by suppressing our
Goods but at the same time America is
trying to divest from the Chinese
economy by bringing manufacturing home
or moving in somewhere that's not China
so we're we're in the having the
weirdest
war we're right in the middle of a like
a hard war with China but without the
bullet part so the war is this if the
United States can keep China addicted to
our products let's say technology but we
can become unaddicted to their
manufacturing and other products that we
need because we get them somewhere else
then we would have power over China
because we would say well you know if
you don't do this Trade Agreement or you
don't get your ships out of the South
China Sea uh we won't sell you any
technology and good luck trying to keep
the lights on meanwhile China would like
to do the same thing to us to not depend
on us for any technology but make sure
that we're very dependent on them for
pharmaceuticals and you know basic
materials that we need to build
everything
so we're it's a weird war where we're
acting like friends but we're seeing who
could reduce their dependence on the
other enough that you could get some
kind of financial leverage on the
other does it seem to you
like uh humans just like to be in Wars
it's like we can't help ourselves this
is why I think Trump has the opportunity
to be to do the biggest reframe in
modern American history and the reframe
would look like this hey Russia hey
China you know that in the long run the
big war is going to be with
Islam and that we need to be on the same
team
because Islam's going to not want to be
you know they're not going to change to
Chinese culture they're going to try to
change you so this would be the time to
make sure that Russia China and the
United States are doing as well as
possible for as long as possible so that
they have some ability to coordinate and
protect from what will be a very large
challenge in the future uh which is just
the population growth and uh what
whatever aggressiveness there comes from
the Middle
East so that's the way I play it um and
I think Trump is good at that he's good
at explaining that what team you should
be on and they should be on our team
uh the smart people are saying there's
going to be an interest rate Cuts
because I guess uh the inflation went
down a little bit and if inflation goes
down then the FED can say um hey we did
our job and then they they can lower
their interest rates if interest rates
go down I would expect the stock market
to go up and uh as I've been telling
people for a year you should expect the
stock market to be artificially raised
right around the election
uh and you know maybe it's a
coincidence maybe it's not but the
people who would prefer Biden to get
reelected seem like they might be in the
mood to shade some
numbers maybe go a little early on
interest rate Cuts Goose that economy a
little bit make make the uh Harris team
look a little
stronger so we'll
see anyway anyway um there's a
new I there should be a a category
called stupid
news so stupid news would be news that
you didn't really even need to hear to
know the news like like Russia uh
teaching its Navy to Target Europe was
like I didn't really need to hear that
because that's just basic obvious Common
Sense well here's another one uh there's
uh more pressure to try to come up with
a ceasefire in
Gaza all right so that's the story that
there's New Movement to make a ceasefire
in Gaza so you say to herself oh that's
new like um May maybe finally they'll
get there all right here's something
else that's in the
story that the head of Hamas uh sinir is
his name um he said that if Israel is
serious about negotiation uh that first
have to stop their military operation in
Gaza well that's not going to happen so
what kind of negotiation is that how
about you stop doing everything you're
doing and uh that'll be just the first
step but what will you do well we won't
do
anything just you stop fighting us okay
but
usually usually there's something that
you do too no no you you just have to
stop your military
operation that's not going to happen so
obviously Hamas has no real interest in
you know stopping things and Israel
would probably say how about you return
the hostages and then we'll talk about
slowing down the military thing how
about all of your leaders
surrender and you give us back all the
hostages then we'll have a conversation
after that but I it looks like both
sides have a requirement to begin the
conversation that is the hardest thing
that could ever happen and really
impossible so neither side wants
peace now the people do just to be clear
the the the people who are suffering in
Gaza very much want a ceasefire but
Hamas if they wanted one they could get
one easily and if Israel wanted one they
would just stop
fighting so if you have both sides that
prefer the fighting over the peace the
leadership not the people the people
might want peace but the leadership they
both want the fight so of course it's
not going to
stop I I think Hamas thinks that every
every person that Israel kills in Gaza
gets them closer to their goal of you
know disgracing Israel and having some
extra power over them in the future and
Israel of course has to take out the
garbage and get rid of the terrorists
because you can't live next to
terrorists so both sides are locked into
a situation where they can't do anything
different because they think they're
winning in their own weird ways so yeah
nothing's going to change there's a
little update on that story about the uh
the the son of one cartel leader in
Mexico running some kind of a trick to
bring the other cartel head uh into
American custody and America picked them
up both but maybe the one guy worked a
so maybe he'll be let down at some point
we don't know but what here's what we've
heard now the the younger
man uh took hostage the the head uh
cartel leader from the other cartel and
he didn't just you know trick him into
flying into the wrong airport they
actually uh they tied him to his chair
so he was actually you know abducted and
tied up and then flown to America
uh now America says that they had
nothing to do with it they didn't have
to plane you know just wasn't any of the
rets involved it was just completely a
Mexican thing do you believe
that I
don't you know if if any part of our
Spooks were involved in this they're
supposed to say they
weren't so the fact that they say they
weren't doesn't really mean anything but
I would say that whatever is happening
here uh the real real story is nowhere
near the surface
story I don't know what the real story
is but everything about that story
stinks everything about it so I don't
know if it's an American plot to get the
two cartels to fight each other I don't
know but I don't trust any part of the
story all right ladies and gentlemen
I've gone on too far I'm going to um
going to say goodbye to uh YouTube and
um X and Rumble and I'm going to talk to
my beloved local subscribers privately
in a moment the rest of you I will see
you tomorrow thanks for
joining
e
e
e
e
e for