hey IR
heyar come on in here gather around for
those of you who are exercising right
now those of you who are walking on the
beach you know who you are those of you
who are on your treadmills those of you
who are driving those of you who just
are pretending to work but you just put
your your earphones in I'm talking to
you I know why you're here yeah I do I
know why you're here you're here for the
simultaneous Sip and the
wisdom but first the simultaneous hip
hey
Eric grab your mug your chalice Your
Vessel your glass your container your
Stein if you will your thermos fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me for the simultaneous
sip extra good that's some extra good
coffee right
there so
[Music]
um before I get to my
apology second apology in the week I'm
just apologizing like crazy here I don't
think I've ever made so many mistakes in
one week it's just just apologize
apologize apologize let's talk about
Camala Harris's
slogan so here is the inspirational
slogan from the strongest Contender from
the
Democrats
for sorry second word is
the sorry I'm I'm napping a little bit
people put it all together it's for the
people
okay so that's pretty
inspirational apparently she's been
she'll be running for the people for the
people that's us good enough
um so somebody said to me Scott why do
you think that Cala is the biggest
threat to the president when her slogan
is so persuasion weak it looks like they
you know dropped a sandwich on a
typewriter and just took whatever
happened typewriter let's call a
keyboard let's update these references
please dropped a sandwich on a keyboard
and took whatever it said how about four
of the people sounds good to me but
here's my caution to
you imagine that you're a high level
advisor and you want to work for one of
the high level
candidates do you jump in
early you don't right the people who are
good at this the people who are good at
coming up with slogans the people who
are good at you know shaping a candidate
the people are good at
messaging I don't think they're really
involved yet
I think at this point each of these many
Democrat candidates probably have some
people who were close to them before
maybe one extra person but they they
don't really have the A Team yet so what
you should expect much like Hillary's
experience she St started out persuasion
terrible but by the time you got close
to the election she was really really
good and almost certainly because the
quality of her advisers went from
terrible to world
class I wouldn't expect the best
advisors to jump in this early I think
they would hold back a little bit see
who the Front Runners are maybe try to
pick a winner and be on the winning team
because that would be the the Home Run
play so don't make any judgments about
Cala Harris's uh persuasion game yet we
can see that one thing she is clearly
working on which is fun to watch is that
um I most of the people who were Pro
trumpers were saying early on she's cold
she has no
personality she's you know she's got uh
no no smile but now you see that all of
her tweets her videos that she's making
she's dancing she's eating a sandwich
she's being part of the people she's
smiling she's got a lot of personality
if you see a montage of her on CNN it
will be laughing smiling
personality so she is
being you might say um
manufactured from whatever you thought
of her before into something better now
I'm not saying that that's being a big
fake because remember the running for
president the entire game here is to
present a package that's essentially
marketing it's essentially persuasion
that isn't exactly who you are but it's
who you're
selling so there's no uh that's not a
that's not an insult to Kamal Harris to
say that she's finding her brand and and
Firming that up as we go but it'll be
fun fun to
watch um so yesterday we had this
weird experience of it being Martin
Luther King day and all the country was
talking about is racism but not in a
good way everybody was talking about it
in the bad way like there's too much of
it and you're a racist no you're a
racist you're a racist no you're a
racist um and so you if you looked at
the president's tweets the president was
tweeting all the right stuff about
racial
Justice and and Society was all acting
like a bunch of
racists so the weirdest thing that
happened yesterday on Martin Luther King
day is that you can make an argument
that that the least racist adult no the
least racist human over the age of 16 in
the entire
country was President Trump now here
again I'm not talking about anybody's
inner thoughts I'm talking about how
they acted all right you
watched huge portions of the population
just be flat out racist on on uh on
Martin Luther King Day the only person
who was flat out
you know open diversity you know let's
all get together was President Trump he
was tweeting all the right things while
the public was going nuts on each other
for calling each other right
racist so that was different um
so some of you may have noticed the
trouble I got into yesterday on
Twitter and I I made the mistake of
saying that the 16-year-old
boys um should not
be um taken seriously or should not be
part of the decision making when it came
when it comes to Big political issues
and especially if those issues have to
do with a woman's decisions about
abortions and there was much push push
back on that and people said to me wait
there are children on the other
side okay that's not really reason and
then people said but these kids
care okay caring is not much of a reason
my argument was that there's no minor
whose opinion is good enough to
influence National decisions meaning
that children are not wise they are not
well informed and their opinions are not
worthy of that we should allow them to
influence in any way even by marching
and marching uh you know events to
influence the national opinion about
what we do about
politics totally
wrong I was totally
wrong and I offer you my unreserved
apology to anyone who saw me disagreeing
with them so my opinion in the morning
has completely reversed and I'll tell
you
why the basis of the opinion is that
children are idiots compared to adults
right so I'm not I'm not saying children
are bad people I'm saying they're not
quite people yet they have unformed
brains they don't have much knowledge
they don't have much wisdom and I
thought to myself hey you wouldn't want
to add
stupidity and here again I'm saying this
with love because I was once young and
stupid most of you were as
well um but why would you add what you
know is the lowest quality of thinking
to such an important political decision
or any political
decision but during the course of the
day I completely reversed opinion
because I watched one adult after
another so freaking
stupid that and I'm not joking about
this this is not sarcasm this is not
satire I'm giving it to you completely
straight by the end of the day the
people who were arguing that children
should be part of the political process
won me over by being so stupid on
Twitter that I had to agree that the
quality of the decision making could not
be degraded by having a toddler
vote do I mean that as an exaggeration
no not even a little do I mean this to
be funny well it is funny but I don't
mean it only to be funny I'm giving it
to you absolutely straight this is my
honest opinion s sarcasm is off satire
is off and by the way I would never tell
you that if I were really being
sarcastic I'm actually telling you the
truth yesterday was such a massive
cluster of stupidity like I've
never seen I've never seen as bad a set
of thinking on all sides coming at me
from every adult that I honestly changed
my mind this is not a joke I changed my
mind we should let toddlers
vote now obviously we're not going to
change the Constitution so it's not
going to happen but the point
is the adults that I witnessed yesterday
the quality of their thinking was so
poor that quite honestly no joke no joke
here at all quite honestly there's
nothing that you could add to that that
would make it worse
and and it's also obvious that the
children are being brainwashed early by
their respective sides their religion
their parents the community whatever we
we all being brainwashed early and for
the most part the opinions that we lock
in as teenagers they tend to stay with
us so th those um those kids who were
subject of uh all the attention
yesterday
they probably are locked in don't you
think now
um somebody said can the
children uh protest in public their
support for the right of life without
influencing
politics you're that's a good example of
why I say toddlers should vote let me
give you some of the ideas some of the
things that people said some people said
to me Scott those kids are not
influencing
decisions all they're doing is going to
a public rally to demonstrate and add
their bodies and their
voices to an event that is designed to
influence public opinions let me say
that again people attacked me all day on
Twitter and they said this those kids
are not trying to uh affect public
opinion by going to an event whose only
purpose is to affect public
opinion and I saw that from the first
few people and I thought my
goodness how can you how can you
contradict yourself in the same sentence
how can you say they're going to a
political event to that is obviously for
affecting political opinion they're not
they're not marching for fun they're
trying to affect political
decision-making so if you don't
understand
that you're not any smarter than a
toddler quite literally cuz a toddler
wouldn't be able to make that
distinction
either here's some other things that
people said so that so number one people
said political marches are not intended
to influence decisions okay there's any
child is as smart as that any child is
as smart as that then people said to me
but Scott what about why is it okay for
children like David hog to influence the
gun debate to which I say um you're
agreeing with me not disagreeing so
there were a whole bunch of people who
attacked me by agreeing with
me okay if you can't tell the difference
between agreeing with me when I say
children should not be part of the
decision-making and then you say oh yeah
what about these children who are part
of the
decision-making no that's what I'm
saying children should not be part of
the decision making it doesn't matter if
the topic is guns or or abortion now
remember I've changed my opinion since
since that opinion because when I saw
how dumb people were and they thought
that somehow the gun reference was a
counter to me saying that children
shouldn't be part of the decision-making
when in fact they were agreeing with me
hard and I thought well you know who
else couldn't tell the difference
between agreeing with me and disagreeing
with me children children are equal in
apparently this sense because they too
would say random things that didn't make
sense as all the adults were yesterday
not all of
them what else did they say people came
after me when I said that children
shouldn't be part of the decision-
making process and they said my God why
are you saying children shouldn't have
free free
speech no nobody said children shouldn't
have free speech we'll get rid of you
goodbye damn it missed you um so when I
said that children are not as wise as
adults a lot of people said how can you
say that they shouldn't have free speech
I didn't say that didn't say anything
even close to that do you know who else
can misinterpret what I say and then
attack me for something that's
ridiculous because I didn't say it
children children could do that children
are just as good as adults at
misinterpreting what people say and then
criticizing them for their own
hallucination children could do that
they don't have to wait till they're
adults
apparently what else did we hear
Yesterday people uh were mad at me
yesterday and they
said don't you know you should never
trust
CNN number one for the last three years
I've done nothing but criticize the fake
news media so if you're telling me to
not trust the fake news media you're not
smarter than a child that's my brand
telling people not to trust I wrote a
book on it I've written countless blogs
on that exact point what I did was not
trust my own eyes you know my I I looked
at the video and I thought I saw
enough that was my mistake and that's
why I apologized
but the people who say you shouldn't
trust CNN no matter what here's what's
wrong with
that and it was usually matched with you
should not watch it if you're telling me
that the smart thing to do is only to
listen to one side because the one side
is telling you all the
truth you're not smarter than a
child let me say it again if you came
after me yesterday and said you should
never listen to both sides
because that one side gets things wrong
the one side really just the one side is
getting stuff wrong so you should just
ignore the other half of the entire
conversation if that's your opinion you
are not smarter than a child and so why
shouldn't child why should not why
should children not vote because they
can do that well easily all right that's
a very low bar children can definitely
do better than that toddlers can do
better than that
um the other opinion I heard is that
people said to me that my apologizing
for a clear mistake was uh was terrible
and the reason I should not have
apologized for what was a clear
mistake was because that's how the left
wins now keep in mind that my correction
and apology went from the the the side
that I didn't want to win
and I corrected myself to the team that
I was likely wanting to support anyway
which was Trump supporters and people
wearing magah hats and stuff so I
actually changed my opinion from my
unusual one to my you know one you would
expect me to have if you've been
watching
me and people told
me that that's why the left is winning
because I corrected myself as soon as I
saw that I'd made an error and the facts
had changed
if that's why the left is
winning I don't understand the
world could a child have an opinion as
dumb as apologies is why the left is
winning yes they could any child could
have that opinion totally as good as a
an
adult then here's my favorite one people
told me that if you just do your own
research Scott you wouldn't have to be a
poli izing all the time just do your own
research don't don't leap in with an
opinion you know do the Deep
dive on what
everything should I do research on
everything I
see everything aren't there some things
that you look at and you go okay there's
no reason to research that you have to
kind of call your shots don't you I
don't have infinite time to research
every claim of fact neither do you if
you think that's reasonable to say that
people should have researched everything
you are not smarter than a child let me
tell you what research gets you here's a
perfect example I had used the climate
climate science example where every time
there's a claim there's a skeptical
counter claim and then you go back to
the scientists and say what do you say
about that skeptic and then he says why
the skeptic is wrong then the skeptic
comes in and says why the scientist is
wrong until they get to something you
don't understand or you can't verify
right and then when you've got to the
bottom of that well where it's so dark
you just don't even understand the
conversation anymore you end up
defaulting to wherever you want it to be
anyway and when you're done what do you
tell other people you say I did my
research I went down in the well you
didn't go down in the research well so
I'm smart but you are not because I went
down in the
[Music]
well all people do when they research
things that experts understand and
citizens don't is they find a level that
they're happy that they don't want to do
any more research and then they just
default to whatever they were going to
believe anyway and then they say they
did research could a child do that well
yes a child could be fooled by thinking
that they know something it isn't
hard so then we saw this situation with
the comington Catholic school and you
saw the the well in progress so the
first R the first level of the well was
these boys are a bunch of racist doing
bad things to this Native American guy
whoops Skeptics come in and say nope
here's the full context those kids were
Heroes not Heroes but they were good
kids how long did it take for somebody
to come in under it and say here's a
picture are those same kids wearing
black face at a basketball game that is
approved by the adults in the
school Full
Stop half of the country yesterday
believed that they saw a photograph of
kids in the modern era like right now
wearing black face at a sporting event
in their school with the
administration's approval
now how hard was it to figure out that
didn't happen that that was not true how
hard was it to figure out that was not
true well it took about half a day and
then Mike covich probably other people
tweeted out the context which shows that
they always pick a different color to
wear on you know as as a theme for these
games there was a blue day a white day a
black day some of the kids wore black
clothing and sometimes they colored
their face it all had to do with the
theme it had nothing to do with wearing
black face all right you probably
shouldn't have had to even need to wait
for the clarification cuz that was sort
of obviously
fake so somebody came in below Mike
cvent and says aha I can go deeper in
the well than you can and prove that
your that your blackface photo was
faked what happened after that did the
other side give up no they didn't they
came in under him and said here's a
video in which these kids are sitting on
a bench and some nice maybe 16-year-old
girl or so walks by and they all started
yelling at hudin and so therefore they
are actually bad kids after all all
right now it could be that we'll never
learn any more about that
situation but if he had to bet you would
say somebody's going to say wait a
minute that's not even the same kids or
they're going to say wait a minute that
that uh that girl was actually an
activist or they're going to say wait a
minute they were actually talking they
were yelling at somebody across the
street it just looked like it on the
film something like that but the point
is it is a complete illusion that you
can you can keep studying and you can
keep researching until you get to the
truth all right he
can't generally speaking you can't you
can't know if gun control works you
can't know if abortion blah blah blah
you can't know climate science you can't
know any of these stories in the news
they uh and now's a story about a
Brazilian troll who started the whole
thing right I'll talk about that in a
moment
so one of the reasons that I don't vote
in addition to not wanting it to bias me
is that I've said that I can't know what
the right decisions are on the important
stuff so I take myself out of it but I'm
going to be consist consistent with my
larger long-term um
philosophy and people who said that
children should be involved in the
political process totally proved their
point to me yesterday by showing me
massive amounts of cognitive dissonance
confirmation bias and outright bad
thinking to which I cannot make a a case
that children would do worse than that I
can't all right so the new story is
that the original viral video the the
edited version came from some kind of a
maybe a Brazilian
related um
troll so in other words there's somebody
not in the United States who has a very
active troll account who created this
situation and then other trolls
magnified
it um now it's too early to know that I
have any of the facts of this right okay
it could completely change but here's my
question do we have yet another
situation where a foreign
entity is messing with the United States
and if it's
Russia isn't it pretty
anti-trump um maybe this Russia why
isn't why is nobody blaming Russia so I
don't think the Brazil connection tells
you it's a resilient you know we we
don't live in a world that would say
that because the traffic or the the
profile comes from now that doesn't
really tell you it's coming from there
but we are just at the beginning of
finding out who it was because it was
somebody who was pretty pretty good
pretty
good it was a pretty good
thing all right somebody had prompted me
to talk about
rpos now I'm not
uh I'm trying to talk less about her for
those of you who are new uh rpos is my
name for
AOC uh because once she came out as a
full
racist um the r stands for racist the
POS does not stand for point of sale you
can figure it out um so when she came
out as just being anti-white people uh
then then uh you know I just had to lab
label her evil and I was trying to
ignore her but you just won't let me so
there's a video of her saying that uh
because of climate science we're all
going to die in 12 years what did all of
you adults who are way smarter than
children so what did all of you adults
who are so much smarter than children
think about that when she said we're all
going to die in 12 years did you say to
yourself
good Lord she's anti-science and dumb is
that what you said or did you say to
yourself she's the female Donald Trump
and the and the and the truth of that is
not important at all if you said to
yourself my goodness she's
stupid well I think that's what children
might have said so let them vote um if
you said to yourself she understands
that hyperbole is the reason that she's
the most famous Democrat in the world
and so doing more of it is smarter than
doing less of it and you saw a perfect
example of her doing it really really
well and it's the reason we're talking
about her it's the reason she got the
front page news and then she went after
Aaron sorin and quite well actually and
caused him to basically back down and
apologize in a sense if you're watching
her act and you're saying that she's
done
I say children can
vote cuz whatever that is it's not
dumb it's not dumb somebody said she's
not as clever as Trump I would say
that's true it's also true she's not as
old because there is a certain you know
level of wisdom that you're going to get
just by being around a while so wait
wait till she's 70 do you think do you
think she'll be smarter at 70 probably
probably all
right
um somebody says ignorant is not dumb in
this case you have to tell yourself that
she really believes we're all dead in 12
years there's nothing you could tell me
that would make me believe she really
believes that's
true
uh uh uh let's see she's not as good as
I think if she's not as good as I think
why are we all talking about
her that's the point you
know
uh she knows nothing about
economics man oh
man uh she knows more about
economics than almost everyone one of
you because she understands that
persuasion and economics are the same
she understands that
hyperbole she what it is she understands
what the first offer is she knows how to
get from here to there uh if you believe
that she really doesn't understand these
economic Concepts or even that she cares
I think that would be some mind reading
and would not be in
evidence um all right I don't want to
talk about her anymore
um yes I am talking about her see the
whole point is if you're if you are a
master Persuader it doesn't matter how
badly people want to ignore you the
whole point is that even I with my great
desire to ignore her find that I
can't that's my point if you're missing
that you're missing you're missing the
show
she has a degree in economics somebody
said that is
correct so if you're arguing that the
person who has a degree in economics and
also understands hyperbole is saying
things that you don't think are exactly
correct you got to be careful about
that yeah somebody says she knows enough
she knows as much about economics as
Paul Krugman now I don't think that's
technically true but it is true that uh
his prediction of the E the economic
future was no better than a
childs she said if we're short on money
we can print some more she's right if
you're short on money you can print some
more you can't criticize her by saying
things that are true that she said now
you're going to say inflation Etc but
keep in mind that Warren Buffett said
the same thing so when you're
criticizing AOC or rpos for saying if
you run out of money you can print some
more you're not that far from what
Warren Buffett
said
so think
twice all right enough about her um I
don't think there's anything else
happening it seems like that was the
only news so
um oh let's talk about North Korea so
the there's talk of the summit coming up
it is
really it's really just mindboggling to
watch how
CNN covers the North Korea situation
versus you know the more Trump friendly
media um on on CNN they say that we've
actually lost ground with North Korea
because North Korea got the summit they
got to keep all the nukes and they're
probably even building more of them
therefore North Korea is just winning
they've played us the president is a big
old dupe here's what they don't
report the
president took away their reason to ever
attack us he took away the
reason he he made friends with Kim
Jun probably convinced them that we
don't have any real reason to ever
attack them unless they attack us
which is the was the key point that had
to be
made and so if you're CNN and you fail
to
report that this President did something
I've never seen a president do can you
think of any case where the United
States was in a a military confrontation
or a pre-con frontation and then
somebody just took away the reason and
just said oh how about we just don't be
like that and then convince the other
side to just stop being like that
because there was never any reason for
them to be at each other's necks anyway
have you ever seen that happening I mean
I'm not a historian so there may be some
case where somebody else talked their
way out of a nuclear
war talked their way out of a nuclear
war possibly one of the greatest
accomplishments of any president in the
history of freaking Pres residents how
do CNN report it well it didn't get
anything done so there's your uh there's
your Two
Worlds that might work if president if
Trump were president for life well I
don't see the next president coming in
and redeclaring hostilities with North
Korea it's possible but I don't see it
happening who what was your simulation
Comon you didn't want to make a few days
ago I
forget Zakaria called The Summit a
victory for
Trump um I don't know if you're talking
about the first one or the upcoming
one are we still in the Golden Age
absolutely so here's a question uh that
kind of gets to that Golden Age point
you know um I think I talked about this
before that extreme Pro poverty in the
world went from I don't know 30 some per
under Reagan to now it's down all the
way to 9% just immense progress in the
world in the way that we've never seen
before and there's all all kinds of uh
progress and and basically you know
every level of humanity there's progress
at the moment so yeah it's it's
definitely a golden age situation but
here's here's the key question on
climate
change if you had a trillion dollars to
spend let's call it an extra trillion
dollars but it's not really extra
because it would be you know deficit
spending let's say you had a trillion
and you could use it any way you wanted
now in our case the United States could
probably borrow another trillion over
you know over a years and we could still
pay it back um so if we had an extra
trillion would you be better off
spending the entire trillion on trying
to get green energy and get rid of coal
and um you know and work on climate
change as aggressively as possible or
would you spend that trillion dollar
directly benefiting the
poor the 9% who who are literally
starving to death which of those two
plays is better would it not be entirely
immoral to throw the poorest part of the
society under the
bus to keep the rich people's beach
houses
intact I'm oversimplifying of course but
can anybody tell me that the moral
choice is to take a trillion dollars
away from the poor maybe not directly
but in terms of slowing down the economy
if you slow down the economy the people
at the bottom suffer the most
so you let's
say let's say working on climate change
aggressively might kill 100 million
people in other words doing all the
right things that the green people want
to do might kill 100 million people
whereas if you took the trillion and
kept the economy humming the everybody's
boat raises a little bit more people
command of poverty because capitalism
does that and then 100 million people
don't die because they have Healthcare
and they have
food which one's the moral
choice now it seems to me that we've got
a Fighting Chance of keeping the economy
strong and then figuring out how to suck
the the CO2 out of the air there are
half a dozen companies who can already
do it each of them are trying to become
more efficient over time they will
be seems to me
that um it's hard to make a case for one
of those being the moral the moral
situation you know it seems that the
most moral path is whatever is most
directly beneficial to the poor and
unfortunately coal and oil and fossil
fuels and uh and all those things fit
that now one of the questions that I
have is an open question is what would
it
take what would it take to get us from
our current situation where nuclear is
essentially impossible because of the
regulations and and how long it takes
what would it
take to move this from a place where
nuclear isn't practical at least in new
plants it just takes too long it's too
expensive what would it take to change
that if if we said let's do a um
Manhattan Project to make
commercial uh nuclear
power safer and more efficient
what would that look like could could we
just you know try harder and remove some
regulations is there any is there any
way to get there I wonder and I don't
know there might be but I
wonder
um mini reactors yeah it seems
like yeah and and what about here's
something I don't understand why is it
that we can can have nuclear power on
submarines and and the submarines just
seem to operate fine and forever and if
we were to build a new submarine
tomorrow couldn't we put a nuclear plant
on
it can somebody explain to me this is a
real question by the way I'm not this is
not an opinion it's just a
question is it true that we could bring
we could build a a nuclear sub tomorrow
and put a brand new nuclear power plant
on the sub is that
true cuz if that's true and at the same
time we can't build one on
land what's different so that's an open
question hope somebody can answer it for
me I'm going to go do some other things
and I will talk to you tomorrow