[Music]
oh we got a show today it's going to be
so
good you know I feel sorry for those
podcasters who give you nothing on a
weekend
morning when I'm here every day
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
coffee with Scott Adams it's a highlight
of human civilization if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels and
nobody can understand where their tiny
shiny human brains all you need is a cup
or M or a glass of tanker chel ass sign
a canteen J of flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine end of
the day thing makes everything better
it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now go
oh my God that was good sometimes you
want it but sometimes you need
it well let's check in on all the hoaxes
and crazy
news let's
see the latest were learning we of
course get to all the big hoaxes about
Trump the new ones uh
apparently science thinks that processed
meat is really really bad for you like
extra bad worse than usual mostly
because has enormous amounts of salt in
it but maybe other things but uh I just
give this as more evidence that our food
supply is
poisoned meaning that if you're looking
for food that isn't literally bad for
you good luck I mean it's a struggle
it's pretty much just veg Veges and a
cow that you slaughtered yourself in
your backyard with Thomas Massie nothing
else seems to be
healthy so there's that um this is
interesting one of the people that uh
Comm Harris is allegedly considering for
her VP pick is this Mark Kelly Arizona
senator but uh we find out today that he
uh he owns a company that makes spy
balloons
that happen to be funded by China we're
Chinese Partners that's right he has a
Chinese funded spy balloon business not
that it really matters but it's kind of
funny I think the simulation is trying
to tell us and we're just not
listening it's like how many times can
you tapped on the shoulder hey you live
in a simulation no I don't really what
watch what I do with the news tap tap
tap did you see what I just did with the
news I just made her likely per likely
uh choice for vice president owner of a
spy Bloon company ah yeah that's nothing
funded by the Chinese okay I'm not
seeing a thing I'm not noticing anything
unusual this is just reality
everything's perfectly
normal all right next story Wall Street
Journal says uh in their
polling that Trump and KL Harris would
be roughly tied if you consider the
margin of error they do have Trump up
too but that's within the margin of
error for what they were
doing does that sound true to
you do do you think the do you think the
election's basically
tied maybe Rasmus and of course has very
different numbers but here's what they
didn't do they didn't include the other
people
running why do you poll why does anybody
poll without the other candidates that
we know are going to be in the race what
is even the purpose of that if we know
those other candidates are going to be
in the race especially RFK Jr if you
know he's going to be
there why would you ever do a poll where
you leave him
out except to get this result I suppose
maybe the result would look
different so we don't trust any of that
polling
stuff um news out of Arizona according
apparently Republicans have done such a
good job on the ground uh doing voter
registration the Republicans I think
Charlie Kirk was talking about this on X
now have uh over a quarter million voter
registration advantage over
Democrats is that
possible
really because we that uh Scott presler
was having enormous success and
Pennsylvania so that would be two
Battleground states where the ground
game of the Republicans looks like it's
better than the ground game of the
Democrats now of course there's also the
get out the vote and the collect the
ballots you know there's a lot more to
it
but you know I told you that Lara
Trump just looks like the real deal I
mean she looks like a predator and I say
that in a complimentary way like you
have to spend about 30 seconds with her
because I've talked to her a few times
on for
interviews and in about 30 seconds she
knows she's the real deal like if you
were in the way between something she
wanted you better get out of the way
that that's sort of the vibe she gives
right away so I'm not
surprised if she's the secret weapon I I
have a feeling that the Democrats don't
know what's coming
but we'll see we'll see it's too early
to know but uh I suspect Laura Trump is
just slaying behind the scenes
there Trump is going back to Butler
Pennsylvania the site of where he was
nearly
assassinated um and uh he's also
announced that the Secret Service will
now be at least uh okay with doing an
outdoor event uh remember
they said maybe don't do outdoor stuff
and Trump said okay but apparently
that's changed and now he's back to uh
outdoor events we don't have a date for
that yet but he says he just going to go
back to Butler now is that
smart yes if we're going to let you know
try to be consistent and grade the uh
candidates on their persuasion as well
as their policies persuasion wise A+
because uh that big bump that Trump was
getting for taking a bullet and still
jumping up and yelling fight in front of
the big American flag which touched
almost all of us uh but he lost a lot of
that uh energy because of the kamla
Harris stuff that's going on and he can
at least Force the news to to get back
to
it oh my trolls back so I have a troll
who's been bugging me for days now um
and he was on the locals platform but
here's what's interesting somehow he'd
found a way to get on my private
platform and had checked the box for uh
free internet or no free service so I
think he's a hacker or maybe maybe he
works for local somehow but somehow he
got into my system and actually gave
himself access uh with paying so when I
looked to get rid of him uh I couldn't
find him because I was looking on the
paid subscribers there won't be any that
are unpaid and somehow he'd managed to
hack my system from the
inside and and now he's uh he's back in
the
comments so I'll need to talk to the
locals people see if they can close that
security
problem but very impressive very
impressive I can't tell exactly what
he's up to if is from another country
State actor or or just a uh clown I
can't really tell it's very interesting
though the the uh the level of
penetration that he got um and you it's
a full-time job you see every day so
every time I come on he comes and starts
screaming the same stuff so I haven't
quite figured out if he's a Chinese
actor or a
Democrat or uh just some kind of maybe
mentally unstable but has some technical
skills apparently so that's an
interesting Side Story but you'll see
you'll see him in the comments so today
he'll be your
mascot all
right anyway so uh Trump according to
RFK Jr so that's not the most uh um
confirmed source for this but he says
that uh he thinks that today maybe uh
Trump is going to announce his plan to
authorize the US government to buy a
million
Bitcoin as a strategic Reserve asset and
RFK JR says he applauds that
announcement now I don't know if that's
true um because it's coming from RFK Jr
about Trump but wouldn't that be
interesting now I don't know enough
about the specifics of that plan or what
he has in mind or why you would even
need it I'm not sure why you need a
reserve but I
love I just I just love the topic I love
the fact that he's persuading in the
crypto world I love the fact that you
know he's well advised you know because
he's got at this point he's got J evance
he's got all the Allin pod guys if he
needs any help he's got you know Elon
Musk would probably give him some crypto
advice he's got um he's got lots of
advice you have a vake etc so so Trump
can actually go in and make a dent in a
topic that could bring in a whole bunch
of crypto lovers and young people
especially uh it changes the topic into
some new area that is fun to talk about
for people who care about that stuff and
it might make total economic sense I
just want to hear the argument have not
heard the argument so I'm not judging
the policy I'm judging the persuasion
persuasion
A+ very well
done uh speaking of persuasion Trump
also said today that for all those who
want to save Tik Tock in America vote
Trump so he wants to keep Tick Tock I
remind you that his one of his biggest
donors uh owns a substantial part of Tik
Tock and I remind you that Tik Tock um
in my opinion is something that China
can manage to change the really progress
the brains in America so policy-wise uh
it's a gigantic
mistake
gigantic um so I want to say that
unequivocably
giant policy
mistake but in terms of
persuasion excellent yeah if you're
trying to win an election you probably
want to be Pro free speech because
they're trying to make him a dictator
you want to say more freedom not less
and it's it's more freedom to allow Tik
Tok even if it's a you know malignant
tumor of a of an app
so it is exactly the
right campaign position I hate to say it
it's just bad for the country but if you
took the position that freedom is better
than lack of Freedom it's
defensible so when I say it's a bad idea
that's an opinion it's not a fact there
there are some policies where you could
say okay that's a fact that's a bad idea
it's not a fact you know it's a it's a
preference so I have a preference for
getting rid of it I think it'd be good
for children good for the country but
freedom is not nothing free speech is
not nothing so I can't hate the guy who
wants more free
speech and it's also true that if you
banned one it might open the door for
you know to come under Fire next so
that's that's a reasonable argument so
he has an argument and his argument
would be based on principle and it's a
principle I agree with I just think this
particular special case because of
China's
influence probably more than we
need so we can agree to disagree on that
um here's a story that I think you going
to hear a lot more of um I think it was
a Daily Mail had a big story about uh
how
kble Harris is the ultimate
pointy-haired boss a reference from
Dilbert and meaning that uh she is so
bad that only four of her initial 71
staffers are still on the job uh for for
vice president job and the rest either
quit or were fired and uh there's there
there are stories from the Insiders
saying that she yells at people and she
curses and she bullies and she devalues
people and and then when she doesn't
prepare for uh events then she blames
her staff that she's not prepared and
basically sounds like the worst boss in
the world now should you believe
this so youve you've heard all these
Anonymous stories right they're all sort
of anonymous and it just conveniently
fits into one particular party's
preferences
H so here's one that you should put a
little bit of a little bit of a question
into if you going to be a smart consumer
of
news how different is this from the way
Trump was characterized by democrats in
his first year of
office it's the same isn't
it the the the knock on Trump was that
he was hard to work for and there was a
lot of yelling and chaos and you know
all that so were were we not told
non-stop that Trump was a bad boss and
he couldn't hire good people and had to
fire people all the time and right now
did you believe
that I didn't uh to me all that sounded
like was being a tough boss who knew how
to fire people and he didn't have as
many options as other people did for who
to hire so he probably had to do more
firing than other people because he had
a you know a smaller pool to hire from
so which is you know my complaint about
Dei so Trump had a Dei like problem
without the Dei meaning that his first
his first term a lot of people didn't
want to work for him because he was
controversial so he still had to hire he
didn't have a choice of just leaving
positions open so he had to lower his
standard for whom he might hire and
showed he showed up pretty quickly but
then he had to do a bunch of firing to
normalize things so by the end of his
term I didn't hear a lot of people
complaining about his management did you
do you know how that just
disappeared I think maybe some of the
complaints were valid in the beginning
because he had such a hiring problem but
after a few years I think people said
you know what it wouldn't be so bad
working in that Administration I think
he just just had better people at the
end and probably everything looked
better at the end so I don't know if
Harris has a similar situation where the
uh reporting on it might be a little bit
hyperbolic but I would keep an eye on
this one my suspicion is there's going
to be a lot more of this but I would you
know just just be careful you don't buy
it hook line and sinker without some
pretty good Witnesses who give you their
names basically
all right the new hoax of the day you've
all seen right um so Jen weager is
falling for the hoax or pretending to
it's hard to tell with him um so you
tell me is he pretending that he's
fooled by this or is he really fooled by
it all right so Trump uh here's what Jen
says Trump is accused of endangering
democracy and then he says this today
now this is a quote from Trump
so the quote is
accurate I'll tell you the quote is
accurate but see if you can tell if this
is true or not or if anything's missing
for example so the quote is this
Christians get out and vote just this
time you won't have to do it anymore
four more years you know what it'll be
fixed it'll be fine you won't have to
vote anymore my beautiful
Christians so Jen's take on it is that
the guy who is accused of endangering
democracy has said out loud that after
he gets elected there will be no more
elections do is that why you
hurt is that that
ontrue so I woke up this morning to that
hoax and the first I saw of it was a
Jen and so without doing any research
not knowing what was behind it I gave
Jen the following lesson on hoax
identification
and here's what I told him number one no
one would say that including
Trump if you hear something that
somebody said and no one would say that
including
Trump it's almost certainly a Hox do you
know why because no one would say that
let me give you an example neo-nazis are
fine people no one would say that
including Trump literally no one would
say that how about inject
bleach no one would say that including
Trump and of course no one did say that
so do you think that he would say that
you won't have to vote again if he gets
elected of course not no one would say
that including Trump so that's your
first clue if you miss that
clue you're probably in trouble all
right that that's pretty big secondly
it's obviously out of
context if you couldn't tell by
listening to that clip you know if you
heard the clip if you couldn't tell it
was lacking
context really you really can't tell
that that's obviously lacking
context and number three it's to on the
nose Jen even knows it's to on the nose
because he starts by saying that he's
accused of endangering democracy oh he's
accused of endangering democracy and
then there's a quote with the context
removed that seems to be exactly on the
nose for something you'd expect to hear
from somebody who's endangering
democracy okay those are three really
clear signals that this is a hoax nobody
would say that including Trump context
is obviously missing because you don't
see what happened just before and just
after and it's so on the nose that
should just be an obvious tell now how
many of you saw that and immediately
before you knew the context and of
course it's a hoax uh before you knew
the context how many of you identified
it on the surface as soon as you saw oh
and a context to on the nose how many of
you saw it
immediately I think that most of you
have been trained because I've trained
you to spot this kind this way 100 times
I mean I talk about it all the time this
one just glaringly stood out so this was
so
glaring that I put myself on the line
and said I have not researched this but
it has three Ts for a hoax now I posted
that before I knew of course there was
some context the context was he was
talking about the election process
itself needs to be tightened up so
people are confident in the election
process and if you vote you'll get it
done in this next
term and then you know that'll be done
you don't have to vote again he didn't
say don't be a voter he was talking
about specifically that work would be
done and you could do it in one term and
you don't have to vote for it a second
time because it would already be done
now do you think that the Democrats are
going to understand that well I think
they're going to treat it as a
recreational hoax and they're going to
treat it like it's real even though they
don't believe it
is um but in that same talk he said a
little mumbly I'm a
Christian but if you want to hear it the
other way it sounds like I'm not a
Christian okay michaelan black
said that he believed that uh Trump was
saying that he was not a Christian to a
group of
Christians let me uh try to explain this
Michael Ian Black
here's how you know this is a hoax
without doing any
research nobody would say that including
Trump nobody would stand in front of a
bunch of Christians somebody who has
held the Bible in his hand and told
about his faith who's gone to church and
is trying to win the Christian vote and
has always been identified as a
Christian do you think that he stood in
front of them and said I'm not a
Christian and he just sort of threw it
in the middle of a
sentence nobody would say that nobody
would do that especially
Trump and and I'm not sure if it's on
the nose but if you believe that he just
makes up his own
religion
well yeah
now I
too uh in the beginning of the you know
Trump uh presidential uh Saga I too
wondered if he really believed I kind of
wondered H do you really believe in God
or is this sort of convenient to get
elected and I don't know the answer to
that because that's an interal thought
but I will tell you it would be hard for
him to go through that Butler
Pennsylvania assassination
attempt without feeling God
was maybe
round so I don't know if he always
believed he he went to church as a youth
has never disavowed it as promoted it
has said he is a number of times he's
been consistent and he certainly had an
experience recently that if you weren't
if you weren't totally on board it
probably pushed you on board I mean I
I'm a non-believer and even I looked at
that and said okay maybe I should go
back and rethink my entire belief about
reality after
that does make you
think all right um
so I somewhat accidentally created a
viral sensation yesterday uh let's take
a look at it see if I can make that show
up on my screen there we go so I posted
on X this little handdrawn uh chart from
my whiteboard it's just a line from left
to right showing the far left of
politics to the far right and then I
just put a big oval Circle where I
thought kamla Harris would be on that
versus is Donald Trump now the way I
drew it and presented it um was with
some
humility meaning I'm not saying this is
what it is I'm saying this is how I feel
about it then I ask people in the
comments to redraw themselves or to say
is this what you see so my presentation
was not this is a fact you must enjoy it
it was this is how it feels to me you
know
anecdotally subjectively how's it feel
to you so my picture I'll just describe
it I had Harris not all the way to the
left because you could get even further
left than her but pretty far left on the
left part of the thing and I had Trump
slightly over the middle and extending
into maybe halfway into the the far
right so that there's still plenty of
room on the far right of trump that he
does not endorse I'd call that the
heritage project 2025 area there's still
a lot of overlap of course between what
any conservative wants whether their
Heritage or anybody else uh but the
stuff in the project 2025 that was more
extreme than Trump is ever likely to
embrace that would still be plenty of
room on the right now is my impression
of where America is and where these two
candidates fall correct no that's not
what I'm that's not my point at all I
was actually curious if other people
would be
seeing the the large picture differently
and wow did people get excited about it
good and bad it it last I checked had
about 7 million views now to put that in
context a good post on X from me would
be
100,000 so to get to 7 million that's I
think I've done that
once maybe twice very rare you know for
someone who posts all day long on a moon
x uh to very rare maybe one in I don't
know one in several hundred posts would
ever have that much action so there's
something about this topic that makes
people crazy crazy happy and crazy
unhappy like they're just feeling this
one and I I didn't see any big accounts
necessarily that were repost in it you
know sometimes if Elon mus post
something it goes wild but I didn't see
anything like that I think this is
organically really interesting to people
and I think probably it's interesting
because people can feel its persuasive
effect and even more than I expected I
thought it was just going to be
interesting and maybe I'd learn
something about how other people were
thinking about this but it apparently is
bigger than that apparently this if you
could sell this chart as being true I
think people would be think it would be
determinative of the race it seems that
important and maybe it's because
nobody's really drawn this picture where
you just try to show visually where the
two candidates uh on a map of the the
rest of the world so keep an eye on this
one this one might make a dent in the
universe we'll
see and again I'm not saying that my
impression is is right uh but what I'd
love to do is I'd love to see a uh top
10 policy list that would either debunk
or confirm where I've drawn the circles
in other words if if you said here are
10 kamla Harris policies and then you
look to where I've drawn them on the
graph would you say yeah I think all
those would be somewhere in that hole
you know in that oval and same with
Trump is there anything that would stand
like way outside his Circle if if so
then I'd have to redraw the
circle
so anyway so do you remember when Mark
cubin was arguing that nobody wants
Equity they just want equality of
opportunity and people like me were
saying no no no I don't think you're
paying attention specifically Equity is
what's being asked for and they do not
mean Equity of opportun they do mean
outcome and I think Mark huban was quite
insistent that that couldn't be the
case but there are videos that are going
around now of uh of Harris saying
specifically and in no uncertain terms
no they're talking about Equity of
outcomes that we want people to have the
same things she says it directly and
often and in the clearest possible words
there's no ambiguity
whatsoever now
let me explain to people who are not
good with uh as I said in my post if
you're not good with
math or
economics or history or psychology or
thinking in general let me explain how
this Equity thing would turn
out right it means that if you do
everything right and you work hard to
build an average or above average life
then her wants to take that from you and
also from your family and give it to
people who didn't earn it the way you
did that's what that is if you don't
understand that that's what it is then
you've got some big surprises coming I
would love to see a conversation on the
street with let's say My Town let's say
if you went down to my town uh which is
pretty blue and you just stop somebody
and say are you a Democrat they say yes
now in my town there's a good chance if
you randomly stop somebody their driving
a high-end car you know they're doing
well and if you said to them now are do
you support Harris yes I do she's great
and if I said do you understand that she
wants uh what you've worked hard to have
to go away and have it transferred to
people who didn't work as hard or do
what you did do you think they'd
understand that that is very
specifically what she's saying now you
might say to me if you're a Democrat
watching this which is very unlikely
because the silos are pretty hard you'd
say but Scott no she doesn't want to
take it away from people she wants the
people who don't have the opportunity to
be boosted so that they can be as good
as that person that you were talking
to how are you going to do that where's
the money coming from it's coming from
the person I'm talking
to because there's no magic money it's
coming from people have money so the
people who have money have to give up
their money to people who didn't work as
hard and didn't make the right choices
and if you keep rewarding people who
don't work hard and make the wrong
choices what how's that work
out well it's called communism and the
way it works out is hundreds of millions
of people starve and die there's no
other way that
goes so first of all do people
understand that she wants if you have an
average or above average life she wants
to take that away from
you so that the people who are below
average can be lifted up there is no
other way to do it there's no magic that
you can put on the people below the
average that will bring them up unless
there's a massive transfer of money from
the people who have it to the people who
don't there's no other way to get
there now you might want to do it but
you should very much understand it you
need you need to understand that if
you're the nice person who has new
clothes and I ask you what do you think
about this you're going to lose your new
clothes that car you have you're not
going to have that anymore because
high-end car when there's somebody
starving can't have that that's not
Equity so it fails in the long
run but people who are not good at math
or or
economics or history or Psych ology or
management or thinking in general would
maybe not know
that so we still have a mystery about
Mark
Cuban uh does he really not know the
news or is he pretending not to know we
don't really know it's kind of a mystery
um my view is that he's smart and way
too smart for the things that he's
saying in public about politics there's
like a huge disconnect between how smart
he is natively and obviously and the
things he's saying about politics so I
don't know if that means he's aware that
he's saying things that are
ridiculous or you know maybe some of
it's just hyperbole in politics and he
wants his team to win for for reasons
don't know it's still a
mystery
um some of you have assumed he's
blackmailed and I have no evidence of
that but it would explain everything we
see and I do assume that most
billionaires get blackmailed by the
government I think that might be routine
actually um haris says she wants to
increase taxes on let's
see uh corporations the top 1% and of
course state
taxes here's the thing that bothers me
when people say we want to raise taxes
on corporations it's sort of a Bernie
Sanders thing too
are
her um voters so dumb that they think
corporations have some magic extra money
that doesn't come from
people do they not understand that
corporations that have stockholders for
example or
owners and that you're not taking money
from a
corporation with a corporate taxes
you're taking it from the
people who have stock in the
corporation you're taking it from the
paychecks of the people at the
corporation because if the corporation
has less money than when the people go
on strike and say Hey give us some of
your excess profits they say what excess
profits we just gave it all to the
government with our higher taxes
so does she actually not know that or
does she just hope that her voters are
too dumb to know there's no such thing
as magic money from corporations and if
you raise their taxes it comes from
people it's just a tax on people just a
different group of
people
anyway here's what I'd like to see I'd
like to see her say here's the budget
that would get you to um a balanced
budget and solve
everything if she can't do her job why
should we be penalized let me say it
again it's the job of the government to
balance our budget would you
agree it's that's their job I think
you'd all agree if the government can't
balance my budget why are they
penalizing
me shouldn't they be
penalized because I was just doing my
job I I haven't failed in my job I
showed up for work here I am look look
I'm doing this right now I'm working on
the weekend I'm doing my job so if she
doesn't do her job and the Congress
doesn't do its job to balance the budget
I have to pay the
penalty for her not doing her job in
Congress and same with Trump right if
Trump doesn't balance the budget why you
know why why do I have to pay the
future tax on that which will be you
know the
deficit yeah I I think think wasn't it
Warren Buffett who said he could solve
the um solve the deficit in one minute
just pass a law that says that Congress
can't get paid personally they can't get
paid unless they balance the
budget that's not a bad idea is
it I I feel like we need that I feel
like Congress literally should not be
paid they should get no paychecks unless
they balance the budget it's the most
basic thing they have to do if you can't
do the most basic thing no pay I'm
totally in favor of
that there is a sketchy sounding story
about this Big Cartel leader who was
arrested I'm going to tell you that I
don't believe the official
story so the official story is that two
leaders of the caloa cartel I guess they
would be the biggest one um were were
arrested and the way it happened is that
one of them was in on the plot and
fooled the other one and the one was the
son of the uh of uh of a famous cartel
boss so the one of the sons got on an
airplane with uh the head of the caloa
cartel and told them they were going to
some Mexican site but fooled them and
landed in Texas and then the authorities
were waiting for for him and picked him
up so was a El Chapo's son and then the
head of the
caloa now do you believe that one of the
cartel
members knowing he would be arrested too
decided to work with the the authorities
to arrest the top lower person but also
get himself
arrested while his family
presumably would be back in Mexico
vulnerable to Revenge
from the the team of the guy who got
taken by this
hoax none of this sounds true to
me does it sound true to you there's
something wrong with this
story I don't know what it is but
there's something that doesn't quite add
up with this story now I don't believe
this at
all
um so I don't know what the truth is but
I don't believe the official story at
all so I I'll just put it that way
there's something about this very much
missing that we don't
understand all right there's a new
report that the
pentagons uh is missing 8.2 billion that
they had an accounting error so hey
guess what we got another $8.2 billion
to give to Ukraine because of our weird
accounting error glad we found it okay
isn't the isn't the Pentagon missing
like a trillion dollars that they can't
account
for is there any way we can get the
military to do real accounting for what
it's spending and how big is the the
black budget for the CIA and the
intelligence people how big is that
thing
I think we need a uh a
major redo of all of
that anyway
um here's a here's
an let's say an effect that I'm seeing
in this election that I've never seen so
much
before and I'm going to I've given it a
name I'm going to call it Silo
lying Silo you know a silo is where the
farmer puts their grain this big tall
building now you've probably noticed
that the people on the left do not have
access to the full news they only see
the lies that are told by the fake news
on the left so they're never going to
see Fox News debunk it they're never
going to see me debunk it they're never
going to see breit Bart debunk it um or
any of the you know conservative pundits
they just have no access to those people
or those
sources uh but it doesn't work the other
way Republicans see pretty much all the
arguments on the other side because
that's the mainstream argument but then
in addition they put in the work to see
things that are very much on their side
so they may be right and they may be
wrong but at least they see both sides
and that's very different they don't
have a silo problem the way the uh the
left us so there's a there's something
I'll call Silo lying which is that um
I'll give you one so Joe Biden falsely
claimed and this is breit B doing a uh
fact check on that uh Joe Biden falsely
claimed the migrant Crossings were lower
when Trump lower than when Trump left
office now they do a fact check and show
you that's not true now did it work did
it work for Biden and will it work for
Harris to continue to claim they did
better than
Trump eventually on
immigration and the answer is it will
totally work because I'll bet there's
almost no
very close to
zero uh Democrats who will ever go and
look into it they won't Google it they
won't look at the source material
they'll never see Breitbart they will
never know so you could you can tell a
lie that maybe you just never would have
told 20 years ago because everybody
would say oh we'll just check the source
that's not true nobody's going to check
the source they're they're in their Silo
and any lie in The Silo works now it's
not not just about immigration here's
some
more uh here's another Silo lie so the
Harris campaign is claiming that uh she
she won't ban
fracking but you know earlier not too
long ago according to the Daily
wire there are videos in which she's
saying very directly ban
fracking
now will people in The Silo know that
she was ever a full throw
backer of banning fracking or will they
only hear that she's not going to ban it
and the people in Pennsylvania where it
matters will say oh she said she's not
going to ban it we're fine with that no
they will be in their Silo they'll never
see the other side of that story so
that's a silo lie that she won't ban
fracking now we don't know maybe she
won't but it's important that she is at
one point recently recently a
full-throated order of banning
it here's another one Jennifer Aniston
uh is accusing JD Vance of wanting to
ban inv vitro
fertilization and Bray bar news is
factchecking this one too so Jennifer
andon saying this in public that she
thinks JD Vance wants to ban invert in
invitro fertilization what does Vance
actually say he says uh pretty much
every Republican that I know is pro-
fertility treatments so that's not true
and it doesn't seem true for anybody
that V Vin even
knows now will anybody on the left see
that debunk when they're reading
Breitbart which they're not going to do
no will anybody on CNN or MSNBC fact
check Jennifer Anderson of course
not of course not they might even repeat
it so that's a silo lie something that
you could very easily just Google and in
five seconds you'd find out it wasn't
true but they won't so they're safe in
The
Silo how about another Silo
lie um let's see Trump accused Harris of
donating to the Minnesota Freedom fund
to bail out dangerous criminals this was
was that during the big Riots of uh of
the uh antifa days I think and uh and
then she tried to say that wasn't
true so her her people will hear that
that's not true and that Trump told a
lie about her but what is true is she
did encourage people to donate to that
fund which might be slightly different
than donating to it herself but not
really in any important way you know
asking other people to donate is sort of
donating your time to the donating of
the fund which is the same as donating
for all practical
purposes so that's a silo lie you can
count on her people never looking that
up all right and I would argue that
everything that Harris says about
economics and everything Biden said
about economics those are all going to
be Silo lies he'll say things like uh I
was better on gas prices than
Trump and nobody's ever going to
check perfect Silo
lie let's talk about Christopher Ray you
remember the other day he he brought up
some he said there was some question
about whether it was a bullet that hit
Trump's ear now what I hadn't noticed at
the time was that he wasn't asked that
question he found some way to work it
into an answer where it didn't really
even make any sense to be talking about
it and there's nobody serious who thinks
it was anything but a bullet including
the FBI who later had to correct and say
we don't know if it was a bullet or a
bullet fragment but it was bullet right
uh
and why would he bring that up as others
have noted the only reason I could think
to bring it up is to change the outcome
of the election because it would take
from Trump a heroic moment and turn it
into a Hox basically like make it sound
like nothing really was dangerous just
some glass at his ear
really different that a bullet miss your
ear by quarter of an inch those are
really different things so I can't think
of any reason he would bring that up
other than to H Trump and to me that
would be a firing
offense now will he be fired of course
not because he doesn't work for Trump
but it's a firing offense that this
would be him getting into the political
commentary in a serious way I mean it's
a big story so if he debunked the the
bullet on the ear that would really be a
big chunk of the sort of emotional
energy that Trump has managed to uh to
gain at this point so that's terrible
Behavior Biden apparently is going to
announce sometime this week if Biden is
still alive according to Politico some
uh term limits for the uh Supreme
Court and uh which by the way I don't
know if that's a terrible
idea how do feel about term limits for
the Supreme
Court because it does seem like wouldn't
it be nice to know when somebody's going
to
retire instead of all the guess work we
have this weird situation where you have
to force somebody to retire early just
so the correct president can replace
them that's no good and then we we don't
know you know will the next president
have two or three retirees
don't know but wouldn't it be nice to
know because when you vote it'd be nice
to know if you're voting for two or
three
nominees so I understand I understand
the argument for Lifetime
appointments but I don't know if when
the lifetime appointment idea came up
did people live this
long in other words what was the life
expectancy when it when it was first
created as a life lifetime
appointment you know if people weren't
living much past
70 and it was sort of unusual for them
to live past 70 then a lifetime
appointment makes a lot of
sense and you don't want them to be
thinking about their job afterwards that
makes a lot of sense so I I'd like to
hear the argument actually I I I think
it's not
crazy to think about term limits it
might be bad for Republicans but it
doesn't seem crazy
so I'm open to the
argument um I'm not decided on the
argument I'm just open to hear it and
but Biden's also talking about some
ethics code and some kind of change
about the Constitutional change to the
limited immunity for the
president um but I can't imagine that
there'll be a constitutional change
about anything does anybody see our
country being coordinated enough that
two-thirds of the country would agree to
anything is that even possible to get
anything changed constitutionally I
think we're way too divided for that to
be a possibility so maybe these are just
for just for the campaign and just for
the looks of
it Harris came out condemning flag
burning about those
anti-israel people she said I condemn
many individuals associating with a
brutal terrorist organization Hamas oh
she's against terrorists that's good uh
which has vowed to annihilate the state
of Israel and kill Jews promos graffian
rhetoric is AB Boren and we must not
tolerate in our nation said Harris uh in
a statement issued by her office I
condemn the burning of the American flag
that flag is a symbol of our highest
ideals blah blah blah all right here she
I think she easily beat Trump on the
persuasion because we all like that both
of our candidates are opposed to burning
Flags but Trump said maybe there should
be a year in
jail at the same time that people are
accusing him of maybe trying to be a
dictator that was just a mistake even if
he believes it and even if you believe
it even if you agree it was still a
mistake if you're running for office to
put something out there that people
could hate but nobody's going to vote
for you for it but they might vote
against you for
it but Harris is smarter so she she just
condemned it in the most vigorous way
without going after Free
Speech it was better so she gets the win
on this
topic on uh the most annoying news of
the day uh you remember Peter struck and
Lisa Page and how there were suggestions
that stro may not have been on the up
and up in all the Russia collusion
nonsense but apparently they sued the
government because the Trump
Administration they say had violated
their privacy by sharing some texts now
some people say they were unlikely to
win that case but it could have been
expensive and so the Biden
Administration said they would settle it
and uh reportedly Peter stro is going to
get 1.2 million you know before the
lawyers get their money and before he
pays taxes is there taxes on that I
don't know how that
works and people think that Lisa Page
probably gets something like that we
don't know
but I understand why the government
settles cases because it's just easier
to settle them but it sure looks like
they're just paying off their own uh
operatives as in thank you for all the
terrible service that you did that was
bad for Trump here's your reward a
million
dollars so that's what it looks like but
it could be just the way things shake
out now you're probably asking me Scott
what is the end of that comic that
dilber comic that you teased on X and uh
let's take a look at it see if I
can find it for you so I showed you the
first two uh panels of a dilber comic on
my ex platform and I was teasing but
since you came here alive on I'm going
to show you how that
ended here's what it looks
like uh
oh just
happened all right let me fix this back
to
X and boom all right so Tina says to a
shook the intern I've given up on dating
apps would you like to go to lunch with
me and a shook looks at her and says no
that might lead to having kids who I am
told would be killed by climate change
and Tina says I'll pay for lunch and a
shook says I'll need a little something
for my time as
well I'll need a little something for my
time anyway I thought that would capture
the dating world and uh that ladies and
gentlemen brings me to the conclusion of
my prepared remarks I'm going to talk to
the subscribers on locals privately
in a moment but thanks for joining on X
and Rumble and uh on YouTube too we will
see
you
later now let me go back to my regular
view there we go um locals coming at you
we'll be private in a
moment
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e