[Music]
bum-bum-bum oh hey Scott
nice name you have there come on in
gather round
hey Tyler
oh he's easy you're always early keV
Jackie Sharon or Sharona I'm sorry come
on in grab your container you know
what's in it
liquid your favorite kind you might be
picking up a cup or a mug Gerstein could
be a chalice a flask a tankard possibly
a thermos but I hope you have your
favorite liquid in there I like coffee
and join me now for the simultaneous
scent
delightful have you noticed that every
group in this country every identity
group gets to identify what words are
offensive to that group and then as a
courtesy and it is a courtesy you ask
other people to not use those words
about you so if you're a gay you'd say
please don't use these following
offensive terms when referring to us and
I say that's reasonable I mean there are
a lot of words in the world why would I
want to use an offensive one if I can
use an offensive one likewise African
Americans say please don't use this word
or this word these are deeply offensive
to which I say well you know so it's a
world where we have free speech but
that's actually pretty reasonable
totally reasonable I'm willing to not
use those few words because the world is
full of words I'll just use the ones
that are not offensive the reason I
bring this up is that I've never had a
term which I felt was offensive to me
until now and I don't know if anybody
any of you will join me in this feeling
but I'm seeing the phrase white
nationalists used quite often
white nationalist now when I hear white
nationalist that feels racist to me
because well I don't need to explain it
I I don't need to give you a reason to
it there's no requirement that I tell
you why that feels offensive it just I
mean it should be obvious they shouldn't
have to have to discuss it
so I declare that from this point
forward if anybody uses that phrase
around me or anyone else then I'll ask
for an apology and I'll explain to them
that it's racially offensive now I doubt
this will catch on for all the obvious
reasons but I'm not joking I'm not it's
not really this is not me - ISM I'm
actually offended by the term I've never
been offended by another term you know
people call me cracker and what are one
of the other things that people call
white people I just find them funny
those words just all seem funny to me
it's like all right all right yeah I'm a
cracker I play air guitar
I wear Dockers I eat too much cheese
okay I get it
I'm white never bothers me but white
nationalists that bothers me that's
that's like a different level so I
declare from this point on the only
people who can use that term without
apologizing are white people that's the
way it works right you can you can use
the insult if you're talking about your
own group because the the speaker
determines the message right messages
don't live independent of who's saying
them and who they're saying them to you
have to look at the context so I can use
the phrase I can say white nationalists
all day but if you're not white and you
use it about me or about anybody else
I'm gonna stop you and get asked for an
apology and I'm going to say that's an
offensive term
so I'm just just putting out a stake
there there's a story about a golfer who
was risen to number six in the world
he's the sixth best golfer in the world
and here's what's interesting he's
quirky as all get-out
his name is Bryson DeSean Bob no I don't
I don't follow golf I'm not a big golfer
he's just there's something very
interesting about this story it turns
out that this golfer has a bunch of
quirks he doesn't swing correctly which
you could imagine what a big deal that
is if you're a professional golfer and
his swing isn't even the normal swing
but he also does all these calculations
about the temperature and the humidity
in because way more it's the sciences of
other people but he also uses clubs that
are all the same length so there are a
number of things about him he's kind of
weird swing he does all these
calculations that other people does
don't do you know so he tries to make it
more scientific but he also has clubs
that he's had made for him that are all
the same length and he's risen to number
six in the world I think it's all
because of the clubs think about it if
your clubs are all the same length you
can do 1/7 the amount of practice that
other people are doing to get the same
result other people professional golfers
are practicing with a different length
of Club for every type of shot so they
have to learn every club and be able to
transition from this length to this
length and to do that as anybody who's
tried to play golf knows it's really
really hard but yet there's no rule this
says all the clubs need to be different
lengths and indeed common sense tells
you they should not be they should not
be the same like it's just stupid it's
just a mistake it's nothing but a
mistake in the does
of the game so other people have made
the same observation but so he had all
his clubs made the same and he rose from
something like in the top hundreds to
number six and people are trying to
figure out okay what is it he's doing is
it his practice is his bad swinging
actually a good swing is it because he
does these calculations in his mind in
which he's doing the humidity to which I
say maybe it's the obvious thing maybe
it's just the incredibly obvious thing
that he uses sticks that are all the
same length so it amuses me to see that
the obvious is over ignore is ignored
when it's obviously that he has one
seventh of the practice time to get the
same result as all the others all right
there's a story out in Japan that
scientists are putting human genes into
monkey brains that's right they're
taking human genes and they're injecting
them into monkeys what could go wrong
what could go wrong turning your monkeys
into human monkey hybrids well I'll tell
you what could go wrong just about
everything just about everything I've
seen Planet of the Apes and I'm pretty
sure that's how it starts but I but I
was fast forwarding to a part two time
imagine if science started making
monkeys smarter at what point did they
get rights you know Planet of the Apes I
always thought was science fiction but
if you could take let's say I don't know
what the numbers are let's say that
compared to a human a smart monkey would
have an IQ of twenty I don't know
whatever it is there's probably no way
to to measure the IQ of a monkey but
let's say it's 20 and a human is average
100 what happens if you could put some
genes into the monkey
and raised that monkey up to sixty you
know an IQ of 60 couldn't read you know
put him do math but could navigate the
world could could fetch you a beverage
could do some janitorial work at what
point does the monkey actually get
rights it's a real thing you know I
never never would have thought that
would be a real conversation but we
might be 10 years away from asking the
question are these hybrid monkey humans
more human or more monkey is it more
like your pet or something else I have
two interesting question so more things
going on here so I predicted yesterday
that it would be great if the president
did not take a position on Assange at
least not right away because it would
leave the press not knowing who to
object to and so the president sure
enough went soft on the issue of Assange
he just said that's not my thing yeah
I'm not really paying attention to it
don't know anything about it now we
don't have to assume that's exactly true
I'm sure he got you know briefed on it
I'm sure he knows as much about wiki
WikiLeaks as we do you know we the
public buddies decided to just stay out
of it now that created a vacuum because
the people who don't like the president
didn't know what to agree with there
disagree with it because he didn't
really take a position so they were
using his old statements during the
campaign and trying to make something
out of that but even the dumbest
observer doesn't take anything that said
it in a campaign too seriously all right
and I think most people knew that the
president was making he was making light
of and having fun with the fact that
Wikipedia was doing things that were bad
for Hillary and it's obvious when you
see the old clips he's just sort of
enjoying the situation yeah you
shouldn't make too much out of it
but so I checked the headlines
so I look to a went to CNN to find out
how they treated the biggest story from
yesterday
it was the biggest story yesterday how
does CNN treated today well it's got to
see an end let's see what CNN says about
it let's see huh don't see anything I'll
keep looking
okay GOP had a loss over Trump's past
praise for WikiLeaks so the only story
about this on the front page of CNN is
about how they can't quite tell what
side they're on now then it will say it
that way but so that's my framing is a
CNN can't tell what side CNN is on now
look at the headline from CNN GOP and a
loss over Trump's past praise from
WikiLeaks in other words ian has CNN
notes that the president had been you
know soft on WikiLeaks but the GOP at
the moment are being hard on him
and then you've got Tucker Carlson and I
think Hannity who were essentially
saying he should be treated like a
journalist which would be going soft on
him
so CNN can't tell what side they're on
so they just sort of recuse themselves
they just they just sort of made it not
news today so today today is not news so
and and Fox News didn't say a lot about
it because nobody people still haven't
sorted out what team they're on which is
what I predicted all right
pence and Buddha GG feud over faith so
this story just won't go away
so pence and Buddha GG are I guess
differing over religion and gay rights
etc and I don't know if anybody's
noticed but Pence's and
running for president yeah we assume
he'll be on the particular vice
president but he's not really running
for president and he's not really saying
much about these past policies that he's
had been sucess and so we have this
weird situation where the the Democratic
candidates that have been announced or
we expect to announce are so weak that
CNN doesn't even compare them to
President Trump the best they can do is
that one of the candidates has some
advantage over the vice president that's
it
the bestest event could come up with
this week because the president has such
an amazing week you know WikiLeaks re
the Russian collusion thing went his way
the economy is screaming you know things
are just really really good for the
president at the moment and in a bad way
because immigration got to be such a
crisis nobody can be happy about that
but at least validated that's presidents
political instincts on that turned out
to be right so the president is just
crushing people at the moment he's just
having a really good little period in
history so the best they can do is find
out that one of the one of the
candidates for president has a little
bit of an advantage over the vice
president so that should tell you things
are pretty good new polls showing Buddha
GG on the rise okay so remember I told
you that it looked like CNN was
nominating Buddha GG to replace Kamla
Harris because she's do boring CNN wants
their side to win but they also need to
stay in business and get clicks and be
interesting Kamala is very uninteresting
I don't know why exactly but she is
Buddha GG is way interesting he's just
way interesting everything he does is a
little bit interesting right he's not my
candidate
I still find them interesting so that's
that's a real good sign sort of AOC like
you've got a little bit of charisma
going on so here's the front front top
left of CNN today Penson but OGG feud
over faith that's the top headline so
it's about Buddha GG then it says two
down it says opinion Christianity's
future looks more like Lady Gaga than
Mike Pence which is sort of also pro
bono GG and then but a gg on pence I'm
critical of bad policies and then this
is all the top headlines on say then I'm
not skipping anything these are all the
top ones then the next one also about
bunny GT opinion but a GG is a symbol
for a rising Christian left I bet the
next one
oh it's about Bodhi GG new poll shows
Buddha GG on the rise what's the next
headline let's see
Oh analysis mayor pita surges into the
top ten what's the next headline
Oh Peter Buddha Gigi's not so secret
weapon as this husband chased in'
that's right you're the top headlines
I'll count them one two three four five
six seven eight the top eight headlines
in the top left of CNN story and if at
eight they're all about what Oh Gigi I
just realized that even the Kasich at
lion let me click on that
it's about boda GG also so even the one
headline that didn't have budded Gigi's
name in it will refer to him obviously I
click through and it's about blood GG
the top eight headlines are Pro Buddha
GG on see you then do it do we have any
doubt about where CNN's going now let's
go over to MSNBC because it would be
interesting if they did not if they did
not agree so let's see what they're have
look like um so the top stories on there
are the they're still shocked about the
bars recklessness that's their top
headline but over on the right
something about immigrant ten cities and
then the second the third one is Buddha
GG goes from cordial to critical on
pence so it's the third headline on
MSNBC but it's positive in a sense for
Rudy gg so it seems that that's the
decision that's been made we have a
story today that apparently the Trump
administration reportedly who knows
what's true but reportedly they
considered having ice relocate all of
the illegal immigrants that they had to
release they would release them in
sanctuary cities as sort of a punishment
I guess to the sanctuary cities for
being sanctuary cities now this of
course is being reported as some kind of
you know Hitler kind of idea that's so
bad and it's using its using the
immigrants as pawns to which I say isn't
everybody using the immigrants as pawns
can you really call out anybody in the
United States
who's involved in any political anything
can you really say that there's somebody
who's not using the immigrants as pawns
for political purpose there's nobody
like that the president is doing it the
Congress is doing it the Republicans are
doing it the Democrats are doing that
the city mayors are doing that I'm doing
it right now you're probably doing it in
your free time there's nobody who isn't
using the immigrants as pawns to make
their their case so let's stop trying to
act like there's somebody who like
there's somebody who didn't do that yeah
show me the person who isn't using the
immigrants as pawns to make their
political case but I was thinking about
this idea and had
first of all any reports you hear about
a plan that floated and got shot down
you shouldn't take that too seriously I
know we want to like read into the evil
minds of people based on the ideas that
they floated and maybe you could tell
something about people by looking at
them but it's really unhealthy to to
look at it in administration's flouted
ideas as opposed to the ones that make
it all the way through and become the
actual policies floating ideas you
should assume that there are lots of bad
ones there should be lots of bad ones
and only a few of them become good
enough to get all the way through and
become policy so it's totally
illegitimate to criticize any group and
I would say the same thing if this we're
coming out of a democratic you know
secret talks I'd say the same thing it
might scare me that they were even
considering something but every
organization throws out one bad idea
after another they wrestle with them and
then the good ones rise to the top so
it's really unfair to judge people by
the ideas that they rejected right
however I asked myself would it have
been a good idea now politically it
would have been a terrible idea because
the Democrats would have ripped it to
shreds but it would have made an
interesting argument by itself which is
if there's nothing if there's nothing
wrong with these immigrants and the
sanctuary cities are the ones who say
well that's the case we must not treat
them like they're they're bad people
right we should we should treat
everybody nicely if that's what they
want doesn't it make sense that they
would get most of the the immigrants who
Isis processed and released wouldn't it
make sense that they're the natural
place for them and they would have they
would be in a position of trying to
defend why they don't want
these people in their sanctuary City so
it's kind of brilliant because it would
back them into arguing against their own
position so their own position is that
it doesn't matter how many immigrants
there are you still can't be you can't
be deporting them you can't can't be
treating them like second-class citizens
and that you can't you know have the you
know where I'm going on that right so so
the kindness philosophy probably has a
breaking point and it looks like it
might have been at least one idea that
was floated and taken seriously in the
administration is to find out where the
breaking point is to give them enough
people that they would change their mind
about whether it's a good idea to have a
sanctuary City now that would be using
human beings as pawns for political
purposes so it's hard to get behind that
and that's probably why it died because
it wasn't in the end it wasn't a good
enough idea to make it all the way
through the filters and and I would
agree with that but there's certainly
something good enough about the idea
that I don't feel bad that they talked
about it because they're trying to solve
a psychological problem as much as a
physical problem
the psychological problem is how do we
be nice people ourselves while doing the
things we need to do to protect the
border because they're they're a bit
conflicting you can't be nice and a
hard-ass at the same time it's hard to
justify being both of those presidents
says let's be a hard-ass the sanctuary
cities say let's be nice the president
could change their mind by changing the
facts the facts are how much how many
people are in their sanctuary City who
who are the kind that were released by
ice so it's an interesting way to change
how people think by changing what what
is actually happening on the ground and
it wasn't a terrible idea it's just one
that probably would not have passed
the political filter and so it was
probably better that they they didn't do
it all right and there would have been
legal challenges and etc so you also the
pictures of Assange being arrested and
he was being dragged out and he was he
was all bedraggled and he had long gray
hair and this big beard and I thought
you should save a clip of that just you
know bookmark it just save that clip of
Assange being pulled down at the Embassy
because around Christmas time you could
save some money tell your kids that
Santa Claus got arrested say kids there
won't be any presents this year Santa
Claus got arrested and your kids will
say that's not true you say huh I'm
afraid it is look at this video on my
phone it's Santa he's being dragged out
of and if the North Pole he's been
arrested maybe don't do that alright I
guess Chuck Schumer is calling a songs a
Russian spy is there any evidence have
we seen any evidence that Assange is a
Russian spy Tucker Carlson says he's not
but I think it would be more accurate to
say that we don't see evidence of it so
in the same way that you would say I'm
not a Russian agent but all you really
know is there's no evidence of it I'm
actually not a Russian agent Kiesha
wonder but it's it's astounding the
Schumer makes that claim and and I
looked on CNN to see if they would
highlight that I thought oh they're
gonna love it's gonna be some more
Russia collusion stuff from Schumer or
CNN's gonna love it I looked on their
page nope even even CNN um they may have
reported on it by even CNN is not going
to highlight humor claiming it's the
Russians again even cNN has learned
their lesson about this Russian thing
it's like maybe we'll take a pass Chuck
Schumer
it's all yours we'll just sit this one
out maybe didn't work out so well last
time all right
I'm having lots of people arguing with
me on Twitter and they say the same
thing no matter what the topic is so
there are several topics and which their
responses are the same thing and it
sounds like this but we heard it in his
own words or she said it in in her own
words we heard her words
Scott how can you tell me I'm wrong
I heard her exact words now people are
saying it about Candice Owens and
there's still people who are saying but
she praised Hillier I heard it with my
own ears how can you deny what was right
there and you heard it and you saw it
how can you design what you heard and
saw they say the same thing about the
president he said the neo-nazis were
fine people how could you not know you
saw it with your own your own eyes you
heard it with your own ears Scott stop
being so obtuse and there are several
other examples like animals and and now
omar is getting the same treatment omar
is giving the treatment where she should
refer to seven not seven eleven nine
eleven she referred to nine eleven as
some people did some things and now
people are saying my god omar is is
disgracing the memory of 9/11 and
dismissing it like it was unimportant
and you know it's it's the worst insult
to the patriots who died et cetera well
let me make the same comment about all
of these situations from fine people
through hitler praising that didn't
happen through Omar's comments about
9/11 when somebody communicates
especially to an audience they must make
some assumptions about what the audience
already knows just remember this
it's a very important
point anybody who communicates to an
audience as I'm doing right now you have
to make assumptions about what the
audience already understands because if
you didn't make that assumption you
could never describe anything you'd have
to you'd say okay
but you understand we're talking about
humans right and there are humans who
live in other places and they come in
all kinds of different ways and they
breathe and sometimes they talk I mean
you could never describe anything unless
you assumed what the audience already
knows here are some things that you
should always safely assume the audience
already knows and this is not a
comprehensive list but these are things
your audience already knows 9/11 was
very bad they already know that Omar
doesn't really need to tell you that
Hitler was a horrible murdering you know
evil person if I don't mention that
specifically it doesn't mean I don't
believe it it means that I assume you
understand that
Candace Owens doesn't need to tell you
specifically why Hitler is bad or that
she doesn't like him she had every right
to assume that that part was understood
when the president said there were some
fine people in Charlottesville he did go
on in detail that he wasn't talking
about the neo Nazi so he said
specifically I'm not talking about them
but he shouldn't have had to do that
because he should have known that you
understand that that the president is
not supporting the marching knee of
Nazis you shouldn't have had to needed
to explain it likewise when Omar says
some people did something in 9/11 you
should be able to know that she's
talking about 9/11 and she's not saying
oh god and glad people got killed she's
now saying something like that now
people are saying it's a false
equivalency all right if you're saying
it's a false equivalency then you have
been triggered into cognitive dissonance
in this in other cases well whenever you
see somebody saying Scott you're making
a false equivalency or anybody is making
a false equivalency the person making
the false equivalence the argument and
by the way I have a chapter of this is
my new book anybody who makes the false
equivalency argument and somebody saying
and somebody's saying right now let's go
you just said that in your own words so
you're seeing you're seeing people
modeling the bad behavior right here I'm
not making a false equivalency I'm
making a statement about communication
communication always has to assume that
there are some things you already
understand
so she was simply making a point she
referred to 911 and and she didn't need
to detail it because you all know the
details why did she need to detailed 911
art is there anybody here who didn't
know what she was talking about and now
somebody said she heard idiot so most of
you who are mad at me are making the
assumption and yet you're making this
something that she's downplaying it
exactly the way people said Candace
Owens was downplaying Hillier I'm not
saying there's any moral equivalence in
fact I rarely say anything has moral
equivalence to anything else I'm saying
that you are filter on it is just as
defective as the other side somebody
said you're Omar blinded everything
you're saying about me and what I'm
saying about Omar is the same thing that
people were saying about the Candice
situation right you should assume the
Candice knew Hitler is bad you should
assume that Omar is not in favor of
blowing up buildings in the United
States full of innocent people
she's never claimed she's in favor of
that I don't think you should assume
that now if she ever did say that then
you could say I disagree with her about
her opinions of 9/11 and I'm sure
they're aspects of that you could
disagree with
but cartoon boy jumping through hoops do
you see how triggered the comments are
this is fun and somebody says no way
Omar is a Muslim Candice is not a Nazi
what did that make sense somebody's
saying it's a mistake you'll give me 24
hours to correct it now so let me say
again there's nothing I'm doing which is
a moral comment I'm not making a moral
judgment on anything I'm not making a
moral judgment comparing any two things
so if you imagine I am that's your
imagination somebody else is saying it's
a false equivalence
there's no equivalence being made not a
moral equivalence it's not an
equivalence argument if you feel that
I've said that that's actually your
imagination the statement I'm making is
that if you don't if you don't
understand what the what the audience
already knows to be true then you can't
understand language so language has to
include what you understand to be true
all right somebody says Muslims think
we're all infidels has Omar said that as
Omar said that you're you're all
infidels Omar wants to see Jews wiped
out as she said that now she has of
course I will condemn her but and in
fact you're I'm not arguing I want to be
very clear here nothing I said here is a
defense of Omar do you understand that
can you understand this point and
separate it can you separate my opinion
of Omar which is very low
all right as a politician and as a a
force in our government I have a very
low opinion of her I think she's more
bad than good nevertheless language
works the same no matter who's talking
you know I'm talking about a language
rule they make assumptions
about what people already know that's
all at that point is not a moral
judgment it's a language statement you
have to understand and make some
assumptions about what the other people
already know nobody disagrees with me
but your but many of you are disagreeing
with me
so look how many look how many people
are disagreeing with me without
disagreeing
if you watch the disagreements that you
go that you see going by you'll note
that they're not actually disagreeing
with anything I've said they're
disagreeing with something they're
imagining what they're imagining is I've
made a moral equivalence which I haven't
and I'm saying it as as clearly as I can
say there's no moral equivalence implied
nor do I imagine what it's just a
communication statement right somebody
says you're making excuses for that's
your imagination that's your imagination
I've made a rule that would apply to
every person in every situation is that
making an excuse for anybody if I've
made a general rule that applies to all
people in all cases now of course Scott
could be wrong case in point somebody
says wrong about what do you disagree
their language makes an assumption about
what the audience already understands
that's my only point it's my only point
man the triggering here is wonderful all
right
she knows it's a terror attack yet
chooses to describe it that way now I'm
not arguing that she minimized did you
hear me say that that she did not
minimize the tragedy she did minimize it
she did did Candice Owens the way she
casually talked about Hitler minimize
his evil as she did was that her point
no that wasn't her point
it just sometimes people assume that you
already know the evil she doesn't need
to state it all right
that's nothing that I'll let you the
people the crazy people talk about that
there was an article I tweeted around a
video this morning of a crazy guy who
believes that the only solution for
climate change is to get rid of
capitalism and you know reorganize the
whole earth and the reason I tweeted
around is because of his eyes his eyes
bug out sort of like aoc and sort of
like you know the helter-skelter killer
sort of like schiff and those bug eyes
i've been trying for a long time to
figure out what they mean because the
bug eyes don't happen even with the same
person they don't happen all the time
somebody's saying Candice and Omar
aren't equivalent in any way did I say
did I say they're equivalent
did I say that so if you look at the
comments you'll still see people arguing
arguing passionately against things they
imagined I think or imagine I said and
didn't I didn't I oh there's only one
point for you to to argue is it true
that when you communicate you have to
make an assumption about what the
audience already knows that's all that's
my only point anything else you say
about she's a Muslim or bla bla bla bla
bla bla bla
I'm not even arguing that I don't
disagree or agree I'm not I'm not on
that topic alright so the crazy eyes
I've been trying to interpret when I see
them and I'm looking for the pattern and
I think I might have a pattern and the
pattern is this if somebody tries to
tell you something that is clearly just
a rational real world based thing they
don't have those eyes and look for it
look for this pattern so if somebody
said to you there's a crisis on the
border so this is me I'll be a pundit
there's there's a crisis on the border
and something needs to be done about it
my eyes would be normal because I'd be
saying something that's
true it's real it's today anybody can go
check
there's no imagination involved but when
somebody is trying to convince you to
join their hallucination that's when
their eyes get big it goes like this
you'd say Scott how are you today I'm
fine yeah I'm good yeah how was the
weather Scott weather looks good it
looks sunny today it looks like it'll be
warm what do you have for breakfast oh I
had a protein bar and some coffee Scott
what should we do about climate change
the only thing we can do about climate
change is reorganized the entire economy
of the world because we're all going to
be dead impossibly 12 years Scott what
are you doing later
later I've got some meetings and some
stuff like that can do some stuff now
look for this I'm sorry I'm gonna
propose this as a hypothesis the
hypothesis is that there's something
happening in the eyes that are
reflecting imagination or literally
hallucination so I believe that when
people get those eyes and Cory Booker
gets a lot it's because he's imagining
something that even he or she doesn't
believe so when you see the eyes it's
something they don't believe themselves
and they know it to be imaginary and
they're still trying to bring you in so
look for the bug eyes when somebody is
telling you something they personally
don't believe but they're trying to
bring you into their imagination yes the
president is totally a Putin puppet and
it's obvious from all of the secret
things that I have that I haven't shown
you so bug eyes look for it
have you noticed that a huge amount of
the news is just word news word news
pure word news in other words the news
used to be about stuff that was
happening and now it's turned into news
about words so in the news we're talking
about is court-sanctioned surveillance
the same as spying how many hours of
news coverage have been dedicated to
figuring out if there's a difference
between the word spying and surveillance
right that's not really relevant what's
the difference between a wiretapping and
surveillance
it doesn't matter they're just words
what matters is what happened you know
is it legal is it not legal is it
ethical is it not ethical those things
matter but the word doesn't matter if
you're trying to win the argument by
winning the word you're never gonna
you're never gonna win likewise the
whole Candice Owens things was about it
with some words the whole Omar stuff is
about some words we the the entire
argument about I don't the world has
turned into arguments about which words
got used I've never seen anything like
it let me talk about about climate
change when I grew up and I want people
in my age range I want you to see if you
can validate this when I grew up my
father built a bomb shelter in our
basement that we didn't know what it was
for we found out later but it was a bomb
shelter to protect against nuclear war
and we did the duck-and-cover drills to
be ready in case it was a nuke
Wars like there's nuclear war get under
your desk kids he'll be fine
now the the impact of that is that as a
child and I want to see how many other
people thought this when I was probably
12 years old I didn't expect to live to
old age because adults were telling me
that nuclear war was so likely I needed
to actually get ready for it so I
believed that the world would end in a
nuclear fireball some time in my
adulthood if not sooner and I feel like
it it damaged me I feel like that
psychological abuse and you know they
weren't doing it to abuse they actually
believed it would be true but I feel it
was damaging like and I think that it
was it rewired me in a way that I
probably took into my adulthood in ways
that are not productive maybe they were
productive but I doubt it and now we're
seeing that with AOC and the 12 years to
take care of climate science before
we're all dead now to be fair when she
said the 12 years that people on the
right like - I didn't like to
misinterpret that they like to
misinterpreted as we'll be dead in 12
years again
AOC made an assumption about what the
audience already knows and she assumed
that the audience already knows that
when she says we've got 12 years to take
care of this or else we're all dead she
assumed you already understood that she
meant 12 years to get serious
not that we're dead on the 12th year but
you know take years of bad conditions
and people would die but you should have
understood it as an exaggeration and you
should have understood it as we need to
get ready soon in 12 years is a good
period to think when you should get
serious but when that got out there it
turned into you're all dead in 12 years
and if you ask a school kid ESCA ask a
14 year old kid what their future looks
like what are they gonna say
a fourteen-year-old Canada's been told
by adults who are manipulating them for
political reasons the children are just
being manipulated for political goals or
you they're being used as pawns same as
the immigrants right the the the
immigrants are being used as pawns for a
political game the children are being
used as pawns for the climate science
political game everybody's upon but
they're scared to death that is so wrong
now I suppose you could somewhat explain
it away by the fact that the people
saying it believe it and I think they do
I think that most people who are climate
scientists warriors believe it and all
indications are that most of them are
not lying I think they actually believe
it and maybe they're right we'll find
out
speaking of climate change why isn't it
big news that it's already been solved
solved in the sense that we know exactly
what paths are possible and we should do
them both you know we know that
generation four nuclear is possible and
it would be the biggest impact on on
dealing with climate change and we know
how to do it so really it looks like a
solved problem to me problem solution
takes a little time
you know it'll take the government doing
some good things but you know nothing
too hard and then solved now at the same
time you could go hard on solar and wind
just just to make sure that you've done
everything you can but the solution to
climate change already here there's not
really among the people who understand
generation for nuclear and also
understand climate change let's say a
Bill Gates type of person they already
know where this is going
because there's only way one way it can
go there's only one potential solution
so it's almost a certainty that we're
going to be pursuing that path
but I want to talk about a weird little
scientific I guess debate that I find
myself in and maybe you've seen this
I've been talking about climate change
and when the scientists go back and they
adjust data because they think the
thermometer was in a place that lets say
an airport moved where the thermometer
had been for years the airport absorbs a
lot of heat so the thermometer that was
placed originally not by an airport but
now the airport is there doesn't record
the temperature accurately anymore so
the scientists say oh this is a special
case let's let's do some kind of an
average or some kind of a calculation to
account for the fact that that this
temperature is no longer reliable after
this point something happened and then
there were also issues about some
thermometers were checked in the
afternoon and some in the morning and
they have to calculate you know an
adjustment for that so I've said what's
wrong with going back and improving data
as long as you show your work as long as
you're not hiding anything and you say
you know I'm adjusting these and here's
why what's wrong with that
and then the scientific purists say to
me Scott Scott Scott oh my god you're so
stupid I I almost can't I just can't I
can't even I can't even explain to you
how stupid you are now right right now
Scott you can't do a scientific
experiment and then when you don't get
the answers that you expected or want it
go back and change the data until you do
Scott don't you understand you can't do
that because that's just being an idiot
that's not science to which I say what
in what world is it wrong to correct the
data and show your work and then rerun
the experiment in this case the
experiment if you're talking about
climate change the experiment is to
rerun the models once you fix the data
now is it a fly
that you should question when you see
somebody changing the data to get the
right answer yeah of course
it's a total flag it's it's a total flag
you should very you should look at that
very carefully but if they do it
publicly here's why we changed it here's
my paper saying why I changed it here's
what I changed it to you can all look at
it and make your own decisions about
whether this change was good or bad and
now that I've changed it I'm gonna rerun
my models the normal process of
iterating science and there's apparently
there's a big argument on the internet
that I'm an idiot because I think it's
okay to publicly say all my data was bad
here's why I'm changing it let's rerun
the experiment is there anybody here
who's gonna argue with me on that
because I feel like I have the most
solid argument in the world and why is
he pushback on it I feel like maybe I'm
missing something
somebody says garbage in garbage out ok
so so there are still people who think
that fixing data and showing your work
publicly is a bad thing for science to
do were you supposed to just run this
experiment on the bad data and just
publish the bad data was that what you
want or were you supposed to just throw
out the whole thing because it didn't
work on the first try when you know that
you could just adjust the data and do it
again I don't know so somebody's still
say garbage in if you're one of the
people who left a comment and saying
garbage in garbage out I'm not sure
you're following the topic into
introducing discussions on data by
changing it is tainting data throw out
the bad data did that comment make any
sense
did that comment make any sense
somebody says shows the raw data they do
so you can find the raw data and you can
run you can run your tests against the
raw data but why would you use the raw
data when you know it's wrong why would
you use raw data when you know it's
wrong but I've seen a lot of people say
that no no you've got to use the data
that you know is wrong because otherwise
you're just you're tampering with the
data to which I say shouldn't you want
to tamper with data you know is wrong
that's the data I want to tamper with
since somebody says take a class on data
science do you really think I could take
a class that would change my mind of
this now somebody says we don't trust
the adjustments now that's fair
you should not automatically trust the
adjustments but that's why they publish
their methods so you can go you could go
check it out yourself somebody says you
don't adjust the data you adjust the
experimental variables and run the
experiment again really so if you if you
know you have bad data you would adjust
your your models variables and run it
again using the bad data that's your
suggestion
somebody says David it doesn't change it
is what it is
now data changes who says David doesn't
change when you have more better
information you change your data people
people are fighting for this point
pretty hard the the changes are all in
one direction not true it has been
debunked that the change is wrong in the
same direction that has been debunked
they are in both directions
data was wrong is unprovable is it
unprovable that a thermometer that you
used to check it in the afternoon is
going to have on average higher
temperatures than if you checked it in
the morning
is that unprovable I'm pretty sure
that's provable you read ooh somebody
says why do you think almost all
adjustments tend to fit the alarmist
narrative well that's been debunked
that's that apparently that's not the
case it's about half an F is the video
being adjusted correctly
well that science they say what they did
they show their work and people can
check it it doesn't mean it's right
every time somebody says if you don't
like the outcome then change the data
really so somebody is saying what's your
alternative so somebody is questioning
me here if you don't like the outcome
you change the data come on to which I
say if you show us why you changed the
data and your argument makes sense and
we can check it and we can check why you
changed it and what you did and we could
even change it ourselves if we don't
like it that's science it's completely
completely acceptable if somebody says
it's bad technique Scott you forgot the
Sun you're triggering me you're trying
to trigger me
so anyway I'm I'm amazed but I guess not
surprised that there's so many people
who are in favor of using bad data when
you have an option of using improve data
apparently that's a preference people
would prefer the the bad data
all right somebody says fudge the data
books No
so here's here's a a sub conclusion on
climate change all of the people who say
the data was fudged have no credibility
even if the data was fudged so that
that's maybe a hard point to understand
even if there was some fudging of data
it's not an evidence well we have in
evidence is people that adjusted the
data showed their work published it you
can go look at it
you can look at the original data you
can look at the change it's all there
but most of the the climate scientists
will the climate skeptics will tell you
that it was fudged for some secret
purpose and nobody knows why they did it
and they didn't show their work and just
none of that's true it's just not true
somebody says dr. Shiva addressed this
well I haven't seen the argument yet so
somebody says made-up data is improved
so the argument that the people who are
triggered into cognitive dissonance and
you can see there are a lot of them
right now if you've been triggered into
cognitive dissonance you're hearing me
say they adjusted the data for
reasonable reasons that you could look
at and you would agree with measurements
taken in the morning are going to be
cooler than measurements taken in the
afternoon so if you have some
temperatures that are wide and some of
the other you want to adjust them to be
the same if you can and show you work
but and then people are redefining that
as making up data so that they can
maintain their world view your world
view has fallen apart all of you who
think that the data was fudged you're
just not factually correct because all
the fudging has been public and you can
look at it
nobody fudges things and then shows you
it's like hey I told a lie here's my lie
here's what I originally said
and here's here's why I lied here's my
lie that's not really a lie if you
explain it it's not really fudging it's
not faking it's not lying
it's just adjusting that's all of this
all right but what about those
chemtrails somebody says all right I'm
gonna leave you to your cognitive
dissonance it looks like I triggered a
lot of you and I will talk to you
tomorrow