[Music]
uh
oh there we go locals in the house we
got Rumble Rumble in the house can I
hear from
YouTube YouTube show me you're
here send me a sign
YouTube I think the YouTubers are not
quite up yet wake up
YouTube there we go YouTube in the house
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
coffee with Scott Adams I like to think
I'm the worm that you want in your brain
that's right I'm the worm you want in
your brain if you'd like to take that
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny human
craniums all you need for that is a CPP
muger a glass of tanker ch's TI a Canen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind that's
my uh Auctioneer
voice join me now for the unparallel
pleasure of the dopamine of the day
thing makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens now going once going twice going
three times
go so so
good the trolls are here but they shall
be
ignored well if you are subscribing to
the Dilbert comic that you can only see
if you subscribe while you're on the
xplatform see my profile for link or if
you're on Scott adams. locals.com where
you get that plus a lot more a lot
more you would know that Dilbert is
exploring his love languages with his
girlfriend she says her little love
language is
gifts he says his love language is
touch and so they've agreed that
prostitution collectively is their love
language she'll get gifts he gets touch
well you do the math it's funnier if you
see the
pictures well last night was the Aurora
boring
always uh cuz I kept looking outside to
see it and it wasn't there so it was a
Aurora boring
always uh but thankfully it was not
boring completely because I got to spend
a few hours yesterday looking at post
onx telling me that the Aurora Borealis
caused by the magnetic field from the
Sun might be destroying all of humanity
sometime
yesterday so at least I got to worry
about dying for a
while but after the worrying about dying
started to to wear off I just started
looking for the Aurora boring always and
it wasn't there where I
live well in a new shocking shocking
study uh over many years obesity is now
linked to 32 types of cancer and might
be fueling 40% of cases I think Grace
Bryce in her book saying something
similar how many of you were not
aware that weight probably had something
to do with your overall
health it it doesn't feel like it's new
but maybe it's new for somebody that
they should avoid
obesity well the Bumble um site that had
been for uh let's see that that's where
women were going to ask guys out on
dates so Bumble was all about the woman
making the first move and but they had
they they reversed that but that's not
the story the story is that the Bumble
founder Whitney wolf
herd really that's her name she's got
three three name Whitney wolf
herd her last name is Wolf herd oh my
God I don't think I've ever heard a
cooler name wolf
herd
cool anyway she thinks the future of
dating is that we'll all have an AI of
ourselves and then our AIS will go date
each other and if the AIS get long then
that might be a good sign that the
humans would date and the AIS would
introduce
you I think she's right a few people
have said that they uh I think uh Bri Ai
and some others said I thought we
thought of that idea a while ago maybe
they did but it looks like other people
are thinking about it
too um I would like to queue up the
NPCs all right NPCs are the people who
will say the most obvious thing that you
say to any any statement I'm going to
tell you about some new science and then
we're going to identify the NPCs who
will appear immediately in the comments
all right and you you know what I'm
looking for probably but here it
comes scientists have discovered a new
molecule that absorbs greenhouse gases
so they can make stuff out of it and it
would just absorb the greenhouse gases
right out of the air go NPCs
go I just told you that there's a
technology to remove CO2 from the air go
come on you know
go you
know you know what you're going to say
you're going to say that the plants are
going to die cuz CO2 is plant
food right oh okay then the other NPC
thing is to say you've invented a
tree I see you've invented a
tree those are the two most annoying
comments you'll ever get when somebody
says to removing the CO2 well that's
going to destroy the entire planet
because they'll take all the CO2 and
then the plants will die or don't you
know that CO2 is plant food has anybody
ever mentioned that to you in your 30
years of talking about it oh probably
the first hey did you know that removing
CO2 from the atmosphere is also
something that a Tre do so it's like you
spent all this money to invent a
tree so that's what the NPC say don't be
an
NPC well there's a giant breakthrough
potentially in capacitor technology a
capacitor you might think of as like a
battery that can be charged up instantly
now imagine if you had an electric car
and you could charge it up somewhat
instantly the problem with capacitors in
the past is that they didn't hold their
charge so they weren't really batteries
per se they were just
capacitors however there's some new
technology that says they can turn their
capacitor into more of a battery which
would
be civilization changing basically I
mean imagine if you could charge it in a
minute it's a completely different
situation well here is
uh you know you think to yourself that
uh you Elon Musk is the best American
entrepreneur because he did more than
one company it m Microsoft is impressive
right I will give you the Bill Gates
Microsoft impressive I will give you
Steve Jobs and apple
impressive but neither of them started
two or three or four gigantic successful
companies like Elon mustad but here's
Sam mman not to be left down of the
conversation about the greatest um
potentially greatest entrepreneurs in
America so on Friday uh one of his
companies just when public he's the CEO
of it I guess um it's a nuclear fision
company called OKO or Olo o
okl nuclear
fision it's a public company now
remember you kept saying oh nuclear
fishion is always 10 years away well
you're right it's always 10 years away
but at least there a there's a real
company that's now public and they plan
in just a few years to have their first
uh
fision nuclear power site fision that's
the good one with no
waste is basically something like free
energy so their idea is to make small
A-frame um
fion I'm sorry is it fision or
Fusion it's fision I'm sorry not fusion
fusion is the good
one so did I read that wrong nuclear
fion oh you know what because he's also
working on Fusion so I can fuse this so
I think separately he's got to I'll need
a fact check on this but I think
separately he's got a startup that's
doing Fusion does anybody know that but
but this what the story says it's fion I
read it as Fusion because my brain
wanted to see Fusion so I correct myself
well you corrected me so I'm I'm taking
your correction so yes it's uh fishing
but but it would be very good if he
could make small nuclear plants that are
size of little A-frames and put them
near places now here's the story I was
getting to Sam mman has now created the
company that will use more electricity
than anything ever in the history of
electricity which is
ai ai will require so much electricity
we're going to need I saw one estimate
of 35 times more than we have now and
fairly
soon well wouldn't it be great to be
creating the greatest demand ever for
electricity while you are also creating
one of the most economical ways to
provide
it now that's pretty good if he pulls
off both of these companies you know
let's say open AI continues to be the
the Google of
AIS but but also potentially this Olo
company could become the I don't know
the the Tesla of a small nuclear
reactors so you can have both now if you
ask me what are the
two I'll say three most uh important
Technologies of the future I would say
AI nuclear for electricity and
robots so if he gets into the robot
business too he's probably got some
investments in that too he's going to
have the big
three I was asking on uh social media
how I
could uh package up and sell the
training material that is me in other
words all the comics I've written the
blog posts the videos the books I've
written Etc how can I package it up and
say hey if you'd like to license this
legally you can create a bot that you
know gives the same advice I would we're
close to
it and here's why I I have a very
radical hypothesis to run by you you
know how the world runs on trust you
really couldn't do anything without it
you have to have a little bit of trust
before you hand somebody your credit
card and before they give you a product
back so we have a trust
based um
society and economy now of course we do
everything we we can to make sure that
trust isn't the only thing you know that
you would get You' go to jail if you did
something wrong
but um here's my
hypothesis that trust is something that
people give to people
period trust is something you only give
to people now you might be wrong about
it but you only give it to people now
you might say to me but Scott We Trust
our
machines you know I I trust my machine
will do what it's supposed to do I trust
my printer most of the time but those
are made by people when you're trusting
your machine you're sort of trusting the
person who made it so what will happen
when the AI is really gone beyond
whatever was created and it becomes sort
of its own entity will it be possible to
trust
it so this is my provocative thought it
might not be biologically possible
to trust something that wasn't made by a
human or isn't a
human and so that so my my question SL
hypothesis is that we're not capable no
matter how hard we try to trust
Ai and so if you're going to ask if
you're going to ask for advice you'd
rather get advice from somebody who's
like a person you know than from a
machine that might be doing its own
thing so my hypothesis is is that even
if a general AI let's say open AI even
if it had already absorbed all of my
training as soon as you said hey give me
some advice whatever I gave it would be
mixed in with whatever other advice and
training material it had it would be
some kind of weird average thing would
you trust
it if AI gave you some watered down
average career advice would you say oh I
got the good stuff now
I think not but now suppose you wanted
to learn about investment and you found
that Warren Buffett had licensed his
entire body of work and comments and
everything he's ever said in his books
and whatever and you could you could
have a a Warren Buffett adviser it's the
AI version but it's it's going to use
his stuff would you trust it
more I think you would so here's my
hypothesis
that the AIS of the future will be buil
built around human personalities because
that's how you'll feel comfortable with
them and that these General AIS that
might have everything Warren Buffett
knows and everything I know and
everything everybody else knows and puts
it together and comes up with some you
know General thing it won't
work let me ask you this question could
you take for those of you who have been
you know following me for a while do you
think you could take the things that I
say and then average them with things
other people say I don't think you
can I I I think there are a lot of
people who just sort of stick out as
their their body of recommendations are
only compatible with their own body of
recommendations you couldn't just throw
in somebody's average thought about
something you you couldn't take my
thought that the worst the worst advice
you could ever get is to be
yourself because if you average it you'd
average with all the people who say
that's good advice how do you average
that those are opposites so my point is
you can't average things that are
opposites or just completely unrelated
you're you're better off or you'll feel
more comfortable even if you're not
better off with something that's built
around one person's
personality and so I asked online if
there's any way to license that I didn't
get an answer but there's apparently
there's a company called Deli AI where
you can make a version of
yourself so basically it's exactly this
so you can turn it into a chat bot or
and I think I'm going to try it have to
look into it a little bit more but uh I
want to build a version of myself for
the dilbert.com website so you could
always go there and ask anything you
want you could find out when one of my
Comics ran if you want to reprint go and
say hey I'm looking for a a marketing
comic and then my little bot will say
all right I got one that's like this
like that wouldn't that be cool it would
tell you how to license it properly
so I'm going to work on that maybe by
the end of this year would be my target
for
that well no big surprise RFK Jr has
modified his position on
abortion how many of you saw that coming
because he basically took himself out of
the race accidentally by saying uh that
the woman should decide even up to the
moment of birth whether the fetus could
be or the baby could be aborted now he
explained uh he's explaining now that he
had been going at it with the assumption
that it would in a normal Ordinary World
the only time that would ever be an
issue is if everybody was on the same
page that the fetus was going to you
know struggle and die in an hour after
birth anyway because it was just so
badly badly deformed now how many of you
believe that it would be limited to
situations with badly
deformed um babies ones that weren't
going to survive they're not viable how
many how many of you think it would be
related just stuck to that well here's
what RFK Jr found out so he start he
said that he just assumed it would be in
these extreme cases and it would be
limited to that but he's changed his
view uh he says
uh uh let's see he says Sometimes women
abort healthy viable late term fetuses
these cases of purely elective late term
abortions are very upsetting once the
baby is viable out in the womb it should
have rights and it deserves a society's
protection now here's the key part so he
went from I don't think there's any case
that this would be misused you know it's
only going to be these extreme
situations he went all the way from that
to yep it turns out they would do it for
elective reason
yep turns out for any reason they want
if the law would allow it so now he says
quote I learned this because I was
willing to listen to my family advisers
supporters and others who shared their
perspectives I promise to myself and to
Americas I will continue to listen and
incorporate you know I don't hate this
at
all I do not hate when Trump at one
point said remember he said the
the the woman should be
arrested if she does the illegal
abortion and he quickly walked their
back and he got a lot of heat for that
to which I said quickly walking back
things because you got better newer
information that's what I want I don't
want you to dig in I want you to quickly
change your opinion please and he did
well RFK Jr did the same thing he walked
right into a buzza he had a I guess I
would call it a uh a little black hole
in his knowledge about the real world
like what would really happen if that
option is available and I don't think he
was I don't think his brain because it's
normal despite the worm I don't it's
hard for a normal brain to even wrap
your head around aborting a healthy baby
a minute before it was going to be born
naturally like your normal brain can't
hold that but there are a lot of people
who will do anything you wouldn't do so
the fact that you wouldn't do it is not
a good standard by which to judge what
other people would do so he switched it
now I think the fact that he said it at
all is going to haunt him and you know
largely I don't think he's going to get
much Republican support so at this point
I see him entirely as a subtractor from
Biden's
popularity I think he's almost a pure
subtractor of Democrats at this point
all
right uh my theme for today on the
politics is that we've entered the Trump
capitulation phase the capitulation
phase meaning that the people who really
follow politics the news and
Etc uh they're pretty sure that Trump's
going to win at this point but more to
the point they seem to be okay with it
suddenly now is that because of the
events in
Gaza yes
almost certainly the events in Gaza have
have soured a lot of people on on Biden
and really
quickly so I'll give you a bunch of
stories that all fall into these
categories generally speaking so Rasmus
and uh as a poll of Georgia voters it
points out that in Georgia Trump is up
seven points over Biden now remember
that was a nailbiter last time now he's
up seven
points um
and let's say I'm going to call this
comparison whenever there's something
that somebody else is doing badly but it
makes Trump look smart because he
wouldn't have done it that's good for
him so Australia has become sort of the
poster child of the most up
country in the
world so they've got censorship laws
they've got a major bank that's going to
go to digital currency only they're
telling you
basically you won't even be able to deal
with them in anything but digital
currency uh it's one of Australia's
biggest
banks and uh the the Australia's e-
safety Commission because they
apparently they have the most strict um
censorship of social media of
anybody um maybe except for China I
suppose
um and but Australia's e safety
commissioner is somebody named Julie
imman Grant I saw this on the rabbit
hole account is a former Twitter
employee and associated with the world
economic Forum so so the commissioner of
their new
Draconian censorship laws is a world
economic
Forum person and also an ex Twitter does
that make you feel
comfortable what what could be a worse
combination than that for somebody
trying to protect your rights that would
be like well Hitler's here to make sure
that the Jews are taken care of it's
almost a joke it looks like a
joke so Australia's kind of Fallen but
here's the funniest part apparently it's
a big problem in Australia that the
young boys are following Andrew Tates
example and allegedly becoming you know
uh misogynists and
stuff well I've got a uh a message for
Australia Australia if you're listening
there are certain ways to know if you're
doing well tracking the the GDP would be
one for example if you track the GDP and
it's going
down for example that would be a sign of
a country on the decline if it's going
up things are looking good but there are
other indicators of the health of your
country well one is censorship the more
extreme the censorship one assumes the
worse the government cuz if your
government is killing it they're going
to want everybody to talk about it but
if you're doing really sketchy bad
things you're going to want a little
extra dose of of uh censorship and
Australia has such a big dose of
censorship that it's certainly
indicating serious
trouble but there could be no indicator
more clean more clear more
Clarion than the fact that one of the
biggest problems in Australian schools
is that children seem to be raised by
Andrew
Tate that's right if Andrew Tate is
raising your child and apparently that's
happening because he seems to be the
role model that the young boys are
following you're doing everything wrong
or at the very least you ought to look
into why this is
happening now and this has nothing to do
with even Andrew Tate's opinions I'm
just saying if they're going to Andrew
Tate to figure out how to be a human
being you
failed you You Can't Fail Harder than
that but Australia is not the only
problem I realized yesterday that I
could not travel to
Canada be if that I think the law has
been considered but not yet passed so
Canada has the the law that you could go
to jail for a hate crime something you
said on social media
even if you're not Canadian and you're
just
visiting and even if you said it years
ago so I could be arrested in Canada if
that law gets passed I could get
arrested because somebody in Canada
decided that something I said in the
past was hate
speech do you think I would ever go to
Canada no I wouldn't step foot in Canada
are you kidding
me that place is poison any anybody goes
to Canada under th under those
circumstances I mean certainly not a
public figure if you're a public figure
it'd be
crazy you want me to take you further
sure I'm going to take it further if
Trump becomes president he should refuse
to visit Canada because it's not
safe yeah let that sink
in Trump should refused to visit Canada
because it's not safe because he could
absolutely be arrested you know if that
law passes uh he could absolutely be
arrested for hate speech Just because
somebody said it was hate speech they
could put him in jail in
Canada for his tweets from years
ago that's a real
thing I wish I were making that up now
how about if I travel to
Mexico okay don't get me started I'm
obvious viously not going to
Mexico yeah I I don't think the cartels
are exactly on my team and that means
the Mexican Government probably has me
on everybody else on a list who's you
know could be on the list so I can't go
to Australia Canada or Mexico so good
job
government uh meanwhile uh left leaning
next
government is saying that uh the our
government the Biden Administration is
ramping up its censorship
massively again censorship of the
platforms so their government entities
are once again pecking on the platforms
and saying you know you should take that
down you know maybe less of that you
know you should debost that so we're not
as bad as Canada or Australia but we're
trying to be so we're we're doing
everything we can to get rid of free
speech in this
country um now I'm going to throw you a
curveball given my comments of the last
two minutes you'd say to
yourself that Scott is definitely in
favor of free speech wouldn't you and I
guess I
am I guess I'm in favor of Free Speech
but let me
suggest something just so I can steal
man the other side just so you've heard
it you don't have to agree with it I
just want you to hear the other argument
which you've never heard before have you
ever heard an argument against freedom
of speech that actually made sense the
other arguments are like oh you can't
use freedom of speech because you'll say
the wrong thing that's one argument it's
not my AR it's not
mine I think you should be allowed to
say the wrong thing because nobody knows
what is the right thing so I think we're
definitely on the same same page with
all of you I'm pretty sure they Free
Speech yeah we need free speech now I'm
going to argue against it this will be
the strongest argument you've ever heard
against Free
Speech you
ready the only thing that makes a
country is a belief in a common set of
Lies the only thing that makes a country
a country besides real estate I mean
real estate matters too the only thing
that makes a country a country is that
you believe a common set of
Lies now when I say lies it's usually in
terms of how awesome your country is and
how bad the other people are and their
system isn't good and we were always
virtuous and we certainly did a good job
with those Native Americans hey they got
casinos I mean you didn't get a casino
so we're not the bad guys with our
poison blankets or anything no no no
we're we're the casino giving people and
we have wars because we're just and
moral and
good now I I mean this literally you
cannot have a cohesive country unless
you've Brainwashed the country with a
common set of
lies because the truth almost never
works when you're trying to create a
country because there are too many you
know dark holes in your own past you're
not so pure and virtuous that you can
make somebody salute
you imagine if you tried to get school
kids to stand for the flag and and and
pledge allegiance to the country if they
had heard that we have a history of
doing some bad things doesn't work the
only way you can you can get kids to be
good citizens is to tell them that
they're good citizens of a good thing
and that requires a complete lack of
freedom of
speech now it wasn't a problem before
because we didn't notice it because the
textbook manufacturers were all the kids
saw they weren't reading the newspaper
they weren't on social media they
weren't on Tik Tok so as long as the
textbook manufacturers were willing to
tell a story of how awesome America was
it would be easy to get the kids to
stand up and put their hand over their
heart and pledge allegiance to it but as
soon as you you've got Tick
Tock now you've got an alternate
narrative for
Israel and an alternative narrative for
our support of
Israel and a country cannot survive that
a country can't survive enough competing
narratives because then you're not one
person the country has to have some
common set of Lies now I call them lies
which is a little bit of fire perbly but
not much because there could be you know
Common set of true things as well oh you
accomplished this or you did that this
or that but mostly you have to lie to
the public to get them under control so
we have an interesting situation where
I'm unambiguously in favor of free
speech at the same time I don't see any
way that you could have a country in the
long term if you allow
it and that might be what drives Canada
and Australia it might be purely
practical that they know they actually
have to brainwash their citizens to
remain a country that might be a thing
now the cost of that of course is
complete
fascism yeah it's a complete disaster
but it might be what motivates them now
by the way have you ever heard that
argument
before you can't have a country unless
you all believe the same
lies and Free Speech would eliminate
your ability to keep your country
together I'm going to give you a quote
from somebody who's a lot more
experienced than I am who's going to
largely agree with this hold on hold on
for
that well um every time you see a story
on censorship that seems good for Trump
because Trump's against
censorship uh in California the
incompetence is running wild which is
also good for Trump because it's a blue
State and you know it's uh Newsome but
apparently California Democrats have
turned on their Democrat Governor
because they there was this homeless
Council that can't account for $2
billion do in spending to solve
homelessness which made no difference
whatsoever let me say it again
Democrats have turned on their Democrat
leader because they can't find $20
billion That was supposed to help
homelessness and made no difference
difference do you think do you think
that the adults within the Democrat
Party might start to
emerge because I think they've been
hiding if you were a Democrat I think
you just had to
hide didn't
you so there's that going
on uh but not to be outdone San
Francisco has a new program they'll be
giving they'll have nurses go to the
homeless encampments to give away wine
beer and vodka shots to
alcoholics now it would be carefully
monitored so they you know it's not too
much but the nurses would actually be
doing bottle service to the
homeless now let me see would this be
another example of Democrats not
understanding how anything in the real
world
works now I understand the concept the
concept is you know that that if you're
actually an alcoholic if you don't have
one every day and you're not going to
get help somewhere and they're not you
at least you can keep them alive by
giving them a little alcohol now that
might be the worst idea I've ever heard
in my
life I mean I get the thinking behind it
but yeah the incentive system is
completely
broken probably you need to push these
people to they either die or fix
themselves I don't know that letting
them struggle on on you know drunk on
the sidewalk or at least inebriated a
little bit I don't know that that's
going to help and I'd like to also give
you a a second um insight into
this I'm not an addict but I know people
who are and so I've talked to them let
me explain how this program will work
the alcoholic will say I'd like to sign
up and I will I will agree that I will
only have the alcohol that you provide
and then the nurse will come along and
say Here's a shot of vodka and your
alcoholic will say thank you and when
the nurse walks out they'll reach behind
them and they'll take out the bottle of
the extra vodka and then they will drink
that because the whole point of the
nurse administered alcohol is that they
would limit the amount the whole point
of being an alcoholic is not limiting
your amount no there is no chance this
could work there is no chance this could
work there's zero chance zero
in a few months when they canceled this
program do you know what I'm going to
say should have asked Scott could have
saved a lot of
money could have asked any one of you
and it would have been the same
answer so that's all good for Trump
because the more stupid things Democrats
do the better he looks better Democrat
better Republicans
look um here's another one so the
financial times is saying that the us is
going to impose 100% tariff on Chinese
electric
vehicles a tariff on Chinese
Imports isn't that what Trump does that
everybody said was the worst idea
because tariffs never
work yes that's exactly a trump
policy now apparently this will not make
those Chinese electric vehicles much
more expensive than American ones
because they're half the price so they
good they would come in at half the
price but then the Tariff would knock it
up to a competitive price with American
cars now that makes sense because I'm
guessing the Chinese government would be
subsidizing the cars which is why they
would be so cheap so the Biden
Administration would simply be taking
their subsidy away um indirectly I guess
and so it makes sense if if Trump did
this would I say it's a good
idea yes I would yes I would so I'm
going to say it's a good idea if Biden
does
it however I don't think voters are
going to miss the fact that this is a
trump policy and Biden is forced to be
more like Trump and as I've told you
many times every day that Trump is out
of office he will look better in
hindsight and part of that is because
the the weird TDS will start to wear off
and you'll just start talking about what
happened if the TDS wears off and you
just talk about what happened he looks
pretty good and that's what's happening
now uh the amuse account tells us that
the FBI's crime stats show crime is
plummeting while in reality it's
skyrocketing that's the amuse take on it
and he says why he says cities like New
York City aren't reporting crime stats
anymore I guess that means they're not
reporting it to the
FBI so I guess that's because they don't
want to look bad because their crime is
up so every time the the uh that one of
the best things that could happen for
Republicans is for every Democrat who's
going to vote to be fully aware that
crime is going up while their own party
says it's going
down and therefore doesn't need to be
addressed and Trump would be coming in
and other Republicans saying um we need
to do something about this
crime now you want to hear the most
surprising thing in the world yes you do
yes you do
my
representative uh is Eric
swell you all know Eric swell right Eric
swell can't find the right side of an
issue uh if it was his ass and he used
both hands or something like that
there's some kind of saying like
that he said on social media that the uh
the Das in my area were too liberal and
soft on crime
Eric
swell just went after a Soros da in his
own area for being soft on
crime and I was forced to repost Eric
swell publicly and agree with
them now can you show me some
sympathy show me some sympathy please I
did that for you it wasn't easy I know
my hand was was trembling as I pushed
the button oh don't make me retweet Eric
swell he's saying something that's
totally obvious and true and makes sense
no so shout out to Eric
swell while we might have many
differences on other
issues uh I got to
say I do appreciate him turning on the
soft own crime prosecutor thank you
but of course that's all uh good for
Trump as
well did you know this
story there's a story about Wisconsin
voter
fraud I don't know why I hadn't seen
this before but here here's a claim so
I'm I guess I'm going to say people are
claiming this do your own
research that's a
joke somebody named Claire wood Vogue or
vog she was a Milwaukee El director and
she was replaced just 6 months before
presidential election I think that means
this coming election not the one before
I'm not sure the reason is that
uh she's allegedly printed 64,000
ballots in a back room at City Hall in
Milwaukee and then had a bunch of
employees fill them out in the 2020
election Biden won Wisconsin over Trump
by margin of 21,000 votes and she is
alleged to have rigged 64,000
votes now there's something missing in
this story isn't
there how could all of this be
true every every time you hear one of
these oh we got you now stories you know
where wow we found out where all the
corruption was it's never
exactly the first impression you get is
it so I'm having a little trouble
believing there's not some context left
out of this
one but let's say
this do you
think that there was an individual who
printed 64,000 fake ballots and had them
filled out do you think the basic claim
is
true and if it is true would that not
indicate that somebody whose job was
Milwaukee election director
would that not indicate that that person
believed that they could get away with
it right you wouldn't do it unless you
believed you could get away with it and
she and she was the director of the
Milwaukee election thing so she would
know the most about what could be caught
what could be
audited what's being
watched and she didn't have a problem
having a whole bunch of witnesses random
employees filling out with 6 4,000
ballots I'm going to say I don't believe
the
story smells
fishy I'm going to say I don't believe
the story let's wait for a context on
this one okay yeah there's something
about this that doesn't make
sense um how bad is our government well
tuer Carlson had a author Chris
Nubian who says there's a story about
that she was told by a CIA Black Ops
person about operation Mongoose where
they poisoned ticks and dropped them on
Cuban sugar cane workers to kill them or
poison them and she describes how fleas
tick and mosquitoes were manipulated to
carry more dangerous
pathogens and
uh and there's some question about
whether Lyme disease occurred naturally
or it's the result of government trying
to weaponize
bugs now again I don't know what's true
about this story that this one is short
of being completely credible it's within
the realm of
possibility but I need to hear maybe
some other sides to this you know it's
she heard it from a CIA Black Ops
person I feel like there's a lot of
people who claim they used to work for
the CIA and make up that that's
like a whole industry isn't it people
who say they used to be in the CIA and
that's why you should trust them I I
feel like guy who says he was in the CIA
told me something once is not really a
standard of evidence that I could
respect so I'd say I'd say wait on that
one but anything's possible I'm not
going to rule it out but I'd
say if you put a gun to my
head maybe they did some research in
that area but I feel like the whole
story is probably not completely
true Joe Biden had another Gaff that
wasn't a gaff he called the 20 million
illegal people who came into the country
uh he he called them Hispanic
voters
uh people on the right have been
accusing him and Elon mus says this as
well that the reason for the immigration
is to increase the number of democrat
voters he just said it he said it in
direct language which they're going to
try to sell sell as a gaff oh he
misspoke I don't think he miss spoke I
think he was bringing in 20 million
voters I think he meant exactly what he
said he didn't mean to say it out loud
but I think it was what was in his
head and now my favorite story of the
day I don't know if I've ever told you
that uh I'm a Bill Clinton fan have I
ever said that I think he was one of our
best
presidence sorry you you you might hate
that I think Hillary would have been a
disaster but Bill Clinton was pretty
close to being a republican he just wore
a Democrat suit and so the way I saw him
was the the ultimate triangulator I saw
him as a deal
maker excellent Communicator all right
so I'm going to read a quote from him he
was just as some event and I want you to
remember if those of you who remember
what it was you liked about him even if
he were even if he were Republican
there was probably something you liked
about him and it wasn't just monik
Lewinsky all right so just listen to
what he has to say and just be
uncritical just listen to it okay Bill
Clinton just maybe yesterday quote
anytime you spend all your time trying
to settle past grievances or focus on
our differences you're in trouble we've
gone through a period when the political
rewards of grievance based politics have
been so immense that no one was able to
give them up
the big political benefits have come
from divisive
tribalism but it is a potential endless
disaster Bill
Clinton just said in public as loudly as
he could yeah you could you could accuse
him of NAFTA that's fair he just said in
public as loudly as he could that uh all
the wokeness and the Dei and the CRT
will destroy America
that's why I liked him because this
opinion is exactly right it's well
expressed and he didn't give a what
you thought about it apparently because
he basically just disagreed with his
wife as far as I can tell
now and you know I I get what you're
saying about NAFTA if you don't like
that I don't think it was a terrible
idea but maybe it didn't work out the
way you hoped it
would naft would have been better if I
manufacturing had gone there instead of
China I suppose so it wasn't a terrible
idea but you could argue it didn't work
out so I think that this signifies a
change I believe that the Democrats who
are not The Crazy Ones and Bill Clinton
is not a crazy one he's definitely not a
crazy one and when he tells you that
your entire scenario isn't working he's
agreeing a little bit with um what's his
name
you saw that James Carville did another
crazed maybe drunken you know video in
which what he said was effectively I'm
paraphrasing him the lies that we've
been telling aren't getting it done
anymore our lies aren't working now
that's my paraphrase those are not his
words but he effectively said everything
we're telling voters isn't
working and that's because everything
they told voters wasn't
true and it didn't work so now James
Carville is saying everything you doing
is not working he's not saying it's the
the wokeness and the divisiveness but he
is saying it all right he's not saying
it but he is saying it Bill Clinton says
it directly as soon as you go tribal and
racial and CT and Dei you're doomed
you're
doomed that's a you know I mean that's
my word but he said it effectively you
know different words so I see the this
as the signal of all signals that the
Democrats realize that they're
destroying the country and they're and I
think the the Gaza
anti-semitic you know Uprising Etc um
has really maybe bro some religion to
the normal Democrats I think the normal
Democrats are getting ready to break
ranks and are it looks like they
are so I mean look at put it all
together like swall wellcoming
coming out against a Soros da Bill
Clinton saying the entire program that
they've been running is disaster not
just a bad idea we'll destroy the
country we'll destroy the country that's
a big statement and he's completely
right and he's observing it in real time
so you're seeing a lot of people who are
starting to back away from what I would
call the TDS position oh but there's
more I'm just
beginning see and MSNBC panelists
they're all calling the stormy disaster
trial
disastrous um I guess stormy said that
she hates Trump which is the worst thing
you'd want to hear from your witness um
she said she might defy the court order
to pay Trump which is not what you want
to hear if you're in the
court so um I think it was Eli kig or
somebody on CNN was just saying just the
whole thing is a disaster and you're
also seeing
um oh then CNN also reported today or
yesterday that Trump is in better shape
than Biden withholding his base in other
words Trump is going to retain a higher
percentage of past Trump voters than
Biden will retain a pretty big
difference so you're seeing that the
news is very much
swaying toward uh toward even CNN and
MSNBC capitulating now capitulating
means you're giving up on your own
argument basically their and their
argument had been that Trump is too
scary Bill Clinton just told you that
the anti-trump approach is going to
destroy the
country it gets
better fared Zakaria from CNN said that
uh Trump's border policy was the correct
one and it's what Biden should go back
to
unambiguously without reservation
Trump's policy on the border was the
good one and Biden needs to go back to
it fared Zakaria
CNN this is all happening in the same
week gets better Bill Mario last night
had a big monologue in which he said
that the news is scaring us too much and
not only were the college protests you
know probably not going to destroy the
country uh but that if Trump becomes
president it will probably just be
normal and you should not be that afraid
of trump he's very much against Trump
doesn't want him to be president but he
wants you to know his viewers many
Democrats that Trump is not to be afraid
of that you're you're falling for the
media
scare see the pattern the pattern is
really clear now there is complete
capitulation that the Democrats are just
trying the the non-ra ones they're
trying to find a safe space because they
don't want to be on the side of the pro
Palestinian protesters and they don't
want to be dealing from Fear alone and
they do want some things to be fixed
that Trump is the better one to fix so
there you you can see the non- crazy
people trying to find The High Ground
now and I appreciate it appreciate a
lot um um let's see also El like you
said
uh I guess he was talking about um
stormy I've never seen a witness
wait oh we're talking about uh Cohen so
coen's going to come in he might be
there now is Michael Cohen testifying
today but whenever he comes in Eli cing
from CNN said quote I've never seen a
witness who's lied to Congress who's
lied to courts who's lied to the IRS
who's lied to the southern district of
New York who's lied to his
Banker this is CNN saying that the prime
witness against
Trump is such a big liar that even Trump
looks like
honest so
they so let let me let me say
this if I were in charge of the
simulation and I were the author
I would make sure that if I wrote the
story that the two key Witnesses against
Trump in this stormy trial would be
number one a porn star and then the
other one Michael Cohen would be a
gigantic
dick and that the two of them would
screw the Biden
campaign while uh Trump
watched so that's how I'd write it and
apparently that's exactly what's
happening
uh also 538 uh and RC politics are
reporting that Biden has the lowest
approval in history at this day of his
term Biden has the lowest rating in
history let me clarify not the lowest
rating just that Joe Biden has
had not the lowest rating compared to
Trump not the lowest rating compared to
recent
presidents the lowest rating of all time
for any president at this day in their
at this day in their term it's a
record in history you know since they've
been keeping
records
so that
happened
um and now the uh polls are showing
Biden losing to Trump um by the largest
margin in every Battleground
State um that's happening and then over
at MSNBC the panel appeared shocked to
learn that more independent voters
believe that Joe Biden is a bigger
threat to
democracy than
Trump
MSNBC aired on their show
the
news that according to a poll
Independents believe Joe Biden is a
bigger threat to democracy than Trump
and it wasn't that close 53 to
42
H well well well and then uh again Bill
mahs talking about all the things that
are going wrong with the lawfare so bill
marus is is telling people to stop
having magical thinking about law fair
he's basically calling he's calling it
so Mar is saying it's not going to be
lawfare he he's going to be your
guy so he runs through it he's like
funny Wills is in trouble for Affair now
that's being you know she might be taken
off the case but that's going to delay
it at least stolen document one he says
that's never going to happen that's
delayed forever Stormy Daniels is the
world's worst uh Witness
um and and he even went so far as to
debunk Stormy Daniels because on on his
own show in 2018 she made a big deal
about saying she was not Meo it was all
voluntary but as Bill m points out that
as soon as she got in the witness stand
she started saying things like well he
was big and he was there was a power
imbalance he was blocking the exit and
even Bill Mar is calling out for
 it's like you're a porn star no
you didn't black
out so what would be a sign of
desperation from the Democrats if
there's so much capitulation is there
anybody still hang you know holding on
well axio has a story today so axio very
Democrat leaning entity at the moment
says Nikki Hil is under active
consideration by Donald Trump's
campaign uh according to to two people
familiar with the
dynamic do you think that's
true come on
axios the best you could come up with is
anonymous sources that Donald Trump is
considering the worst possible choice
for a VP running
mate no he's not I'm sorry I don't care
what two sources told you no Trump is
not considering Nikki Haley as a running
mate if there's one thing I can be
completely sure of that's not going to
happen but they reported it why did they
have to report
it it's all they
got they didn't have any bad news about
Trump the lawfare thing has been so
awesome because not only does it put
Trump in a situation that makes him you
know gives you some
empathy but it also prevents him from
talking so
much and the thing that gets Trump in
trouble is is that he says something
normal but it's easy to take out of
context so that's all of his trouble is
stuff taken out of
context all right uh and my final Story
the former chairman of Joint Chiefs of
Staff Mark Millie General Mark Millie he
was talking about the Israel Hamas war
and he said you he was comparing the
number of October 7th deaths to their
population and then relating it to the
United States he said if you take 1,200
uh Israelis and apply it to the United
States that' be the equivalent of 50 to
100,000 people dead in a morning can you
imagine what we would do and so I tried
to imagine that 50 to 100,000 Americans
killed by uh some other entity what
would we do and my answer was nothing we
would do
nothing because that's
fenel you just describe fenel now it
doesn't happen in the morning and it
wasn't not
explody but China and Mexican cartels
kill 50 to 100,000 people a year not in
the morning but in the year and what do
we do about it absolutely nothing I mean
nothing that matters so yes markn I do
imagine that a a foreign entity could
kill 50 to 100,000 Americans and that
absolutely nothing would be done
about it nothing useful anyway yeah now
I will agree with him if it happened in
one more morning we'd go militaristic
right away but no it's not because 50 to
100,000 people died it would just be
because oh it happened in one morning
and then we'd get all activated so he's
right about that however he's not right
on a logical ethical moral
level all right ladies and gentlemen
that is my theme for
today um do you see it in the news that
does it seem to you that there is Trump
capitulation here's what I would look
for look for more evidence of people
saying what Bill Maher said which is
well to be honest a second Trump
presidency probably wouldn't kill
anybody yeah I think I think you're
going to watch the Democrats back down
from Full TDS but I think you might also
see them have to reject their
Progressive side of their of their base
I think I think the Democrats are going
to have a civil war and that the
Republicans are all going to come
home
Republicans are coming home now this is
one of those things that I laugh about
because I'll hear people who maybe have
never talked to a republican in their
life say oh it's going to be all these
people who won't won't vote for Trump
because they were never trumpers and you
don't understand
anything no
no the Republicans are all coming
home the Republicans just watched a
republican tried to be put in jail 1,00
or what 2,000 January 6 people put in
jail no there's no Republican who's
going to stand for that all Republicans
are coming home this will be the
greatest percentage of Republican voters
of all time because they're coming home
they're not voting they're coming home
to take care of business what do
Republicans do
well well they're flexible until they're
not it's a difference between wanting
and deciding we're very close I don't
think we reach we've reached deciding
we're still at wanting but I think that
on Election Day Republicans are going to
say we've
decided and all they have to do is show
up right it's not magic they just have
to show up we've decided
and I think that's what's happening and
I think that the
Democrats completely don't understand
that when it's time to come home
Republicans come home and when it's time
to argue they argue and the time to
argue has ended and the time to come
home is upon us so it's going to be
amazing and that's my message for you
today have a terrific Saturday I hope
you are not bored by the
Aurora boring always I didn't get to see
it I hope you did and uh I'm going to
talk to the locals people a little bit
extra because they're special and
they're subscribers and I'm going to say
bye to the rest of you and I will see
you tomorrow same time same place happy
weekend
all right oh that didn't work let's see
let's try it
again all right so that option is not
working again see if there's something
I'm doing
wrong let's
try stream redirect to rumble and
locals nope let's
try locals only
so it's tell me it's telling me it's not
working
uh can you tell can anybody tell if the
other feeds went
off I know locals is
working
um is there anybody on YouTube or um
Rumble who can still see me
yeah I'm still there all right so the uh
the user interface is
glitching uh it's the same button I
always press so I know I'm doing it okay
so normally I speak uh privately to the
locals people so you're going to see
what uh see what they usually see
because there won't be any secrets
here so tonight in the man cave uh we'll
be a little early
tonight a little earlier probably in the
four to five range or
is and how do how did you like the show
today did I did I I'm interested if I
made my theme did the theme come through
the
capitulation and by the way I think
you're going to start hearing that word
the word capitulation have you ever
heard that word in the financial context
that's where you hear it the
most uh capitulation means somebody
giving up on a stock basically and they
go all right never going to go up I got
to get down there I capitulate but you
can you can see the
media and and I think the the Israel
Gaza situation is the prime mover of
opinions right now so between the fact
that the lawfare fell apart so the the
magical thinking as Bill M says is
dissolving they they know that's not
what's going to take him out it looks
like there's no chance of that now
now and he's leading in the polls
and the Republicans are going to really
really be watching this time I'd love to
know if there are any Battleground
states that won't have a Full Slate of
Republicans just all up in the knickers
of every every single thing that happens
I will be very very very very
disappointed in
Republicans if you're not all over those
elections in every part of the process
double-checking everything if you get
kicked
out I I hate to recommend
violence one of the things about being a
public
figure is you you should never recommend
violence but there are always this these
situations where I say I say to myself
you
know there could be this situation where
a little bit of violence would be
exactly the right solution but I don't
think I can recommend any
violence uh however if you get pushed
out from
observing and it turns out that the
election suddenly goes the other way
after you've been pushed down from
observing we don't expect you to forget
that so you you want to get that recount
going right
away um
that's why Laura Trump was put in the
RNC you know I'm going to say it again
um I don't know this for sure and maybe
I could find out later that I'm wrong
but I feel like Lura
Trump at the head of the at least
co-chair of the
RNC that is the level of
assertiveness and I don't want to say
aggression
but
balls I'm going to say
balls I just think she has more balls
than most people male or female so I
think she's exactly the right person the
right personality the right energy I
don't know anything about that but the
right energy for
sure um I'm not going to talk about VP
for a while because that's a boring
conversation we just say the same names
and the same things about them I I don't
think that Trump will pick anybody until
after the
convention because I don't think he
needs
competition right now the only thing
that Trump well one of the things that
Trump could do wrong would be to pick a
VP that other people won't vote for you
you want to get the voters really
committed to Trump so by the time he
picks a VP it doesn't matter at all you
don't want anybody to say you know I was
leaning toward him but then he made that
VP pick and I can't support
that did you see the uh video of of a
talking to Anne couter and it was a
split screen it was just the two of them
and an cter told him that she would not
vote for him because he's Indian and she
prefers wasps in the
presidency that that has been blowing my
mind for about five different reasons
number
one watching V
uh not go nuts on
her was really
impressive because he had the right to
go
nuts uh if I'd been in that position I
don't know if I could have kept my cool
but he did you could tell you could tell
that behind the
eyes that there was something pretty
serious going on but he held form he did
he didn't break form and he just gave
his V perfect answer to something now I
didn't watch the whole thing maybe maybe
something happened toward the end
but it was great to watch and alarming
at the same
time because on one hand I love the fact
that an couter is so direct and honest
and she said exactly what she thought
and didn't leave any ambiguity there now
I do like that even when I disagree and
that would be one that I disagree with
quite
violently
um the was born in this
country yeah if you're going Beyond born
in this country like I can't go there
with you I I get the point like I
understand what she's saying but I can't
take that Journey no if you're born in
this country and the Constitution says
that's all you need and you're
35 we're done like I'm not going to I'm
not going to listen to that I'm not
going to vote for you because you're not
wasp yeah I don't I don't have any
patience for
that but I do love the fact that she
said it out loud and by the way if I
could if I could steal man her argument
I'm using that term too much today her
point is that uh if it's been working
for hundreds of years why would you
change it that's not a terrible
point it's actually completely common
sense that if there's one one set of
value use that has been working for all
these years why wouldn't you just keep
doing it the trouble
is that it takes a A vake or Tim Scott
out of the game and I don't want to live
in that country that's not the country I
want to live in so if I have to give up
that um the
comfort of how consistent and reliable a
was President would be because they
would be fairly
predictable uh I'll give that up I think
things
change and you know maybe the way they
change is more toward a the view of the
world which would be
terrific there's nothing wrong with his
view of the world I think you're
compatible with all of
it yeah we talked about the uh nurses
giving bottle service to the
homeless maybe well here's the thing an
couter is not bad crazy she's just
super Brave and has a very unpopular
view that doesn't quite fit into modern
society at the
moment but if if she's happy with it
it's sort of none of my
business all
right maybe she's do blackmailed I don't
think so I don't think
so later on the podcast she said that
she may vote for him well she did say at
the podcast also that she really really
liked a lot of what V says so
philosophically they were on the same
side
but
yeah I do worry that V might cost Trump
some votes for racial
reasons but that would be more reason
for Trump to wait till the last minute
cuz you want people to be
sold long before you give them more
information yeah you want them to be
have decided so that any new information
doesn't make any difference just bounces
off and I think that VI would be uh just
a nuclear powered positive force in any
position in the Trump government I'm not
sure he would be best suited as vice
president I would be happy with
it but if he told me instead he was
going to be in charge of Homeland
Security I would say uh I like
everything about
that you know I like everything about
that maybe State
Department maybe I don't
know we'll
see Kennedy wasn't a wasp that's true
but he but he acted like
one yeah Kennedy was not a wasp but
acted like one wait Biden's Catholic too
right isn't Biden Catholic I I don't
think Catholic means the same thing it
used to mean I mean I think Kennedy took
the took the stigma out of that for the
country who even thinks about
that like I don't I don't that's not
even a variable if somebody's Catholic
or not so that's good the country's
going from the point where they couldn't
imagine a Catholic President to a point
where it's not part of the conversation
so that's pretty healthy
all right ladies and gentlemen that's
all I've got for you today and I'm going
to say goodbye to all of you if I can
get this to turn off and thanks for
joining and I'll see you uh locals
people I'll see you in the man cave
tonight the rest of you I'll see you
tomorrow same
time bye for
now oh ending the stream isn't working
all right so ending the stream isn't
working so I think what's going to
happen is I'm going to close the
software and it might keep everything
open well actually let's see if I can
close them
individually I don't see
how I'm on Rumble right now
yeah all right so I'm just G to kill the
uh kill the software it might might stop
the feed it might not but uh see you
later
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for