bum-bum-bum-bum-bum familiar hey
everybody come on in here
gather round it's time for a not my
regular time coffee wa scott adams i'm
scott adams by the way people are still
getting mad at me for you for speaking
of myself in the third person people
have now figured out that scott adams
talks about himself in the first person
because scott adams knows that talking
about Scott Evans in the third person
bothers some people
and that's why Scott Adams does it and
partly because well mostly it gets your
attention so if it bothers you a little
bit that's why I do it just enough to
make you pay attention alright and since
you're all here and you're all so smart
and good-looking today not to mention
kind and generous I would like to share
with you the simultaneous it it starts
when you grab your mug your cup your
stein your chalice your thermos your
container you fill it with your favorite
liquids I like coffee and join me for
the simultaneous it
oh yeah so in case you missed it
yesterday I did a video review of the
documentary hoaxed which you can find on
Vimeo I collected to tell people where
to get it so in some ways it was the
most incompetent movie review of all
time because typically you should tell
people how they can watch the movie if
you're going to review it so if you go
to Vimeo you can buy it for ten bucks
and it is worth every penny as I was
saying yesterday I'll just give you the
the quick view view of it today because
I I reviewed it in detail in my last
periscope but the last less ten or
fifteen minutes
are so mind-blowing that make sure that
you're not disturbed when you watch the
last part of the movie then you you want
to be alone with the movie or he be
outside I was listening to the last part
of it with my phone in my pocket and I
was outside on the beach and that the
combination of of looking out at the
landscape and at the same time listening
to the conclusion of the movie was sort
of breathtaking it was incredible so if
you can watch the last 15 minutes in
some kind of stimulating environment
where other people aren't bothering you
make sure you do that so it's it's a
masterpiece I I was blown away by it now
totally worth ten dollars trust me on
this there are very few movies that give
you that give you a lasting feeling
where you walk out of the movie and it
doesn't leave you it just stays with you
and you know the old joke is it becomes
a part of you this actually becomes a
part of you because you can't see it and
then unsee it it actually it can rewire
your thinking that's what happened to me
all right let's talk about let's talk
about the Super Bowl for just one minute
all right I sort of kind of watched the
Super Bowl wasn't that interested the
best part of the Super Bowl was
president Trump being in a feud either
the day before at the day of the Super
Bowl and saying that he wouldn't he
wouldn't be necessarily thrilled if his
own son played football because of the
obviously because the dangers they had
injuries and I thought that is exactly
why people like this president that on
Super Bowl Sunday or it might have been
the day before he's willing to go out
and say I'm not sure I wouldn't even let
my kid play that game now he did say if
that if his son wanted to play you know
he might grudgingly let him but you
would not encourage him to do it
and I thought that was that wasn't
insanely I don't just honest is I I'm
not going to be answering questions
about Mike sort of it's just personal
life you can you you can google that on
your own
I let's talk about the border now as you
know we have this incredibly great
timing where the where the border
committee which apparently is completely
worthless his meeting at the same time
tomorrow there'll be the State of the
Union highly anticipated and Trump in
his usual way is teasing that the he's
teasing that the State of the Union will
be exciting yeah
have you ever heard that before as any
as any president ever told you that he's
not going to tell you what the State of
the Union is going to be all about
because it's gonna be exciting you have
to admit that that's funny
alright it's it's absolutely hilarious
that he's playing the media like an
audience he's converted them from some
kind of a you know what I guess we used
to think was some kind of neutral
third-party watchdog kind of kind of a
thing he's turned it into movie critics
yeah or an audience and so all of us
have become just part of the audience so
of course he's going to be talking about
border funding he's signaling with a
with a wink and a nod that some kind of
emergency declaration some unilateral
action will be announced and if not
announced at least clearly signaled that
it's coming so that will be exciting
senator Shelby said on CNN yesterday
Jake Tapper tweeted this round and I
reached we did that he says the experts
on border security are coming in to
testify at whatever is the next meeting
of this working group to which I say yes
Brian I am in Hawaii to which to which I
say why are they just bringing the
experts in to talk to him are you
telling me that the first the first
major meeting of all the politicians to
talk about how to handle border security
didn't have the experts well what what
the hell was the point of that meeting
was was there any reason at all
to have that meeting without any experts
of it I don't think so
so here's how the president can declare
emergency and make it and make it so
easy to sell you know because he's got
to sell that idea to his base who mostly
will buy it but also to the rest of the
country who doesn't want to see some
kind of a dictatorship taking it for
them now the news has done a good job of
prepping people because we've maybe
could be only one side of the news is
doing a good job but how many of you
know how many executive orders or let's
say emergency declarations there have
been dead do any of you know how cool it
is for these emergency declarations it
turns out yeah I think 54 or 50
something
so they've been over 50 of them and and
they're and some of them I think I think
maybe even a majority of them are still
and they're still technically happening
right so yeah 30 current emergencies
that's what I was looking for so they're
at least thirty of them were 35 or
something that are still in effect
that's the word I was looking for still
in effect so the first thing that the
public needed to know is that this whole
emergency declaration thing is pretty
routine stuff so it has the word
emergency in it so it makes you think
it's it's unusual
but we will all be educated by the time
of the state of the union to learn that
these emergency things are quite typical
let's drink to that
are you ready sorry oh yeah so so think
of this in terms of setting the table if
the president had declared an emergency
you know an emergency declaration or
whatever if he'd done that three weeks
ago or a month ago the country wouldn't
be ready because they've not been
educated on how typical it is how many
of them we already have in place and how
common the situations are in other words
you know they're emergencies ish but
they're not all end of the world
emergencies they're not all you know
protect the homeland from immediate
attack kind of emergencies
they're pretty typical emergencies so
now we've all been softened up right so
the public can no longer say oh my god
that's an extraordinary thing you're
doing mr. president because it's not
turns out it's fairly ordinary the
second thing that we have that we didn't
have a month ago is that we get to watch
how defective congresses so we get to
watch this team of people working for
three weeks and inevitably they're going
to come up with no agreement all right
we already know that in advance
so we get to watch their incompetence
right in front of us with the spotlight
on it usually usually their incompetence
is more of a concept it's like well
Congress didn't get something done but
now because it's a a three week working
group where we know who's in the group
roughly speaking we know what they're
talking about we know when they're
meeting suddenly it's real this is a
real group
people on both sides getting together
and trying to do something and we're
gonna watch them fail inevitably you're
right in front of us so at the end of
this process the president is going to
be able to say clearly hey I funded the
government I gave the Democrats what
they wanted which is debates without the
government being funded and you can see
right in front of you that nothing
productive came out of it so now that
I've tried every other way I'm gonna try
the the remaining way which as it turns
out is a fairly typical thing to do
because again there have been 54 these
crises 30 some of them are still in in
effect and you didn't even know about
them they're so ordinary so that the
condition is perfectly set now
apparently there's some rumblings about
daca and path to citizenship and etc so
he may sweeten the pot with some of that
stuff to make it harder for the
Democrats to say no but here's the kill
shot here's the kill shot are you ready
for it if the president says something
like I'm going to say right now he's
gonna get everything it wants maybe not
as much money as quickly but he's going
to get physical borders and it goes like
this if he says in the State of the
Union I'm going to declare an emergency
because Congress doesn't seem to be able
to take the recommendation of experts
I'll say it again I'm going to declare a
state of emergency because Congress
doesn't seem to be able to do the simple
step of taking the advice of security
experts on a vital interest of the
United States our border security if he
says hey I need a border wall so I'm
just gonna do a I'm gonna do this
emergency declaration it's going to look
like usurping power it's going to look
like his
strengthen that game the system it's
gonna look a little dictator ish to the
other side anyway so it's gonna be
framed wrong if he says well you guys
tried now I'm just gonna do my own thing
that would be yeah you can still
probably get away with that but it
wouldn't be optimal optimal would be I'm
gonna declare a state of emergency
because Congress on this topic doesn't
work
you watched it yourself you know I gave
them time and you watched it with your
own eyes you saw the reporting from both
sides that they can't they can't do this
simple task and so the emergency is
Congress is broken on this topic and the
emergency is that Congress is not taking
the advice of experts here I'm assuming
that the experts come up with with some
kind of a plan that includes some
physical borders now who gets mad about
that if he frames it as it's an
emergency because they're not following
the experts recommendations I think
everybody just goes okay because the
other thing that's happening at the same
time is this conversation about climate
change
so I don't know if you've seen how how
important it is that climate change and
the way we talk about it not not the
issue itself but the way we talk about
climate is going to change how we think
about and talk about the border question
because the entire argument about
climate from the let's say the climate
scientists majority the whole thing is
hey were the experts you would be you
would be the biggest idiot in the world
if you don't follow advice from experts
that's pretty much the argument because
nobody is asking nobody's asking the
President to understand the science
that's some kind of deep scientific
level nobody's asking that
they're asking him to follow the expert
recommendation at the same time the
Democrats are probably gonna be trapped
in a corner in which whatever they
decide to do is going to at least look
like it's going to look like going
against the experts that's how I expect
this little this will turn out and if
they do that they will be refusing their
own climate argument which is you have
to listen to experts because we're not
experts so I think they've trapped
themselves and I think the president can
skillfully paint this as nothing but
obstructionism and that the emergency is
that the government doesn't work for
this specific thing now if he says the
government doesn't work in general
that's that would be a huge mistake
because that looks like a dictator ready
to take over but if he says we've got
this great government it does so many
great things but in this very specific
area I think you could all see public
that the government didn't work and
apparently it's the wrong tool for the
job Congress anyway is the wrong tool
for the job because he got too
politicized and it became too much about
me personally if President Trump says
that the the conversation about the
border is totally messed up and can't be
fixed because it became about his
personality everybody watching that is
gonna say yeah that's kinda true both
sides you can say it is sort of about
you personally that would be the point
you could say and for this specific
reason we're just gonna go with the
experts and the only way we can do that
is apparently if I order it as an
emergency
and we just follow the experts so I
think at this point the president has a
clear path to building more wall and
when I say more wall I mean probably
just in the populated areas and
we'll be some kind of steel steel
structure because I think that's what
the experts will recommend now here's an
interesting thing I was reading
yesterday that one of the technologies
that has been at least considered is
laying the fiber optic cable and using
them as sensors so apparently if you
just take a fiber optic cable the same
kind of cable that you would you would
lay if you're if you're gonna create a
communication link so nothing special to
it it's literally just the fiber optic
cable and whatever kind of sheath or
coating it comes in they just lay it
unto the sand and they can detect
whether a person or an automobile or an
animal has walked across it because
apparently the nature of fiber optics I
didn't know this before the nature of
the fiber optic cable is that it can
detect pressure and somehow they can
calculate exactly where along the length
of it the pressure happened and how much
there was so if a vehicle goes over it
they can tell versus a rabbit goes over
it versus a person so you could add
something like a tenth of the cost of
other solutions they can just run a
bunch of cable shovel some sand on top
of it and they can tell who's who's
crossing now let me let me counter the
objections of all the people on Twitter
who keep yelling at me like I'm an idiot
and they say Oh Scott we're gonna we've
got to have to ask my my co-hosts to
come in my co-host Dale would like to
explain to you why electronic by
electronic fencing
doesn't work okay
ho-ho-hold Scott don't you understand if
there's no fence they will just walk
right my oh you sensed it your sensors
sensed it as they walk right by that
helps a lot how does that help us how
does it help us there you sensed it
why do what you want to stop it it's not
enough to sense it
if you just sense that they entered in
the country that's great Scott oh that's
great
there you sense that then stop it and
see let me explain how this works the
reason that you need physical structures
in urban areas is that if somebody gets
over it or it gets over it they can
disappear into the city so the the
biggest factor about whether you use a
physical border or you use sensors is
whether there's a population area nearby
if there's a population area as soon as
somebody gets past the border they
disappear can't be found but if you're
in a big empty area and somebody trips
the sensor
they've got miles and miles and miles to
go before they can they can hide before
they can get to a population so in those
areas that are empty and of which is you
know miles and miles many miles of the
border is just empty land the sensor is
good enough because it's hard to cross
in those areas it's physically hard to
get there
compared to unless a road it's
physically hard to get there and if they
do get there they're gonna be moving
slowly because they're not necessarily
in a vehicle they might be on foot and
they've got to go for miles and they're
gonna be exposed so border security just
comes over and says that looks like five
people just cross the border send the
truck over
so sensors alone don't help its sensors
plus human border security within an
easy driving distance so when people say
this part of the border will be sensors
what they don't say but is assumed
is it sensors plus enough humans to go
and pick them up if somebody trips the
sensor because they'll be easy to find
there's no population to to fade into so
if you would like to be a smart a smart
participant in the border security
conversation don't say sensors don't
work because a good part of the Israeli
border wall that we know works just
great is low fence and sensors you can
walk right up to the you could walk up
to the Israeli border security and just
you know sort of push down the fence and
just step over it I mean it's literally
that the small of a fence but they all I
have sensors on them and if you tripped
that sensor you will very you will very
quickly meet some Israeli security
forces you wish you hadn't met right so
works in Israel and where where there's
big border areas with lots of room on
both sides
yes Scott is ignoring that huge problem
what am i ignoring but enough humans can
be overwhelmed yes but if a caravan
comes then the caravan presumably would
overwhelm the number of human border
security but here again we could detect
the caravan
you know we'd know it caravans coming
days before it gets here so even then
you can move human humans there then you
say well what if they you know a bunch
of them them surprise you and they they
all run for the border at the same time
well if that happens more than once then
you build a wall so all of this is is
iterative
all of this is oh no wonder I keep
blocking the wrong people alright so I
just did a little test where I very
clearly tapped the right person to to
block them and then before I confirmed
I read you know who it was I was
blocking and it was a different person
so actually blocking putting my finger
right on the person I want to block
actually blocks the wrong person I
didn't realize that until just now
which would explain why I blocked so
many of the wrong people so if I've
accidentally blocked any of your friends
sorry
we're talking about distractions and
stuff well all of your little exceptions
is like Oh somebody lose a clever
distraction and blah blah
those are all true but remember it's a
process all right if we put up a
solution and somebody finds a way around
in that area
well you improve that area you know
you're not gonna it's not like a
one-and-done situation it's a it's a
continuous whack-a-mole situation
forever
all right so oh I don't know if I told
you but apparently there's a new version
of periscope coming or an upgrade that
will include split-screen if any of you
heard that apparently there's an
eventually or fairly soon I think I'll
be able to do a split screen on
periscope and that's gonna be fun
oh I told you that already all right
never mind did you
did I hear back from Tucker somebody
asked me I don't remember why you're
asking me that oh I hear so joe rogan
is getting he's getting a lot of grief
for his interview with Jack Dorsey and
people are saying he didn't go hard
enough that Jack I'm the question of of
banning or or blocking conservatives and
you know she always had to respond to
that or he felt he needed to I'm not
sure I'm not sure that there's anything
he could have done that would have
gotten different answers right I watched
I watched enough of that to feel like he
did ask the right questions and that the
answers have something to do with the
algorithm and he you know looking at
human behavior not just the tweet itself
but a pattern of behavior etc but yeah
it would be it would be fun to see the
follow-up questions so I'll agree that
more could have more could have been
asked on that topic they have used
sensors on the border since the eighties
which means they work right we wouldn't
be talking about them now if they
weren't using sensors already one of the
dumbest I hate to say this but that
there's some things where people maybe
don't they're not informed and there are
some situations where smart people can
disagree but there's some things they're
just flat-out dumb
and so I don't know how to talk about
them without properly labeling them and
I'll give you an example one of the
examples is people say they prefer a
wall because if the administration
changes sometime in the future it's much
harder to take down a wall than it is to
take down some sensors
so people say now a wall will be more
permanent just because it's harder to
change your mind later if you don't want
the wall to which I say that's not smart
that's not smart at all because if the
administration of the future decides to
it's ridiculous if an administration of
the future decides that they don't want
to enforce the wall the wall becomes
irrelevant that same day you don't have
to take it down you just have to stop
enforcing the border but there's a
million ways to get around a wall over a
wall go through the go through the open
border you know you're talking about a
scenario in which the government of the
United States decides do not enforce its
border if if that ever happens there are
a million ways to get over and around
the wall because it won't be the humans
picking up the people who are going
around it so and then here's the other
bad argument the other bad argument is
that all you need is a ladder to get
over a wall all you need is a ladder to
get over a wall well in a technical
level on a technical level that's true a
ladder big enough ladder could get over
a wall but have you seen the have you
seen the immigrants they literally come
with nothing but a backpack who's got a
backpack that'll carry a 30-foot ladder
and don't you need two of them
you need one on each side right so you
need two 30-foot ladders that you have
to somehow carry with you without
detection and even if it worked as soon
as you put it up you know if somebody's
going to find the ladder and take it and
then you need another another 30 foot
ladder so it seems to me that the latter
concept it's technically possible
but it would be so impractical like you
know the only ways that the only way it
could work is if there you know the
Coyotes have a perm
laughter there that they just put up
they put up just when people come and
then they quickly take it down and cover
it with dirt or something but the thing
is that the places where there are walls
wait for it wait for it the places where
there are walls and those would be the
places that a ladder it could get over a
wall because you don't need a ladder if
there's no wall or that populated there
he is if you put up a ladder in a
populated area and by the way they could
probably put you know video security
down those areas as well somebody's
going to see the ladder pretty quickly
you know the ladder isn't going to stay
there very long
so it's impractical to transport a new
pair of 30-foot ladders to a border and
it's just hard to do and uh-huh and if
you did it wouldn't stay there long and
then the question of tunnels
apparently the even the the smugglers
I'm sorry the the drug cartels
apparently the cartels are also not
using tunnels as much anymore because
it's not economical by the time you
build this big tunnel it's big it's
expensive it takes a long time it's just
easier to use a fishing boat according
to the El Chapo trial that's what that's
their thinking you go to the store and
buy two ladders you have to carry two
30-foot ladders to a border area where
there's a wall and there's no population
on the other side and no video watching
us you can do it but that amount of
friction would substantially reduce
number of people who could do it
put a rope on the other side well then
you know one of the one of the weird
aspects of making it hard to get over
the wall is that you only get the people
who are who are in good physical health
which would be a the top is a rage
razor's edge it wouldn't be hard to
thwart the top all you have to do is
take a carpet so just throw a carpet
over the top go from ladder to carpet to
rope or a ladder so all of it can be
done and that and I would guarantee that
somewhere somebody is doing just that
stuff but not many people can do it
did I see Gavin McInnes lawsuit against
the SPLC so I've heard of such a thing
so apparently Gavin McGinnis is suing
these Southern Poverty Law Center which
will be interesting so we'll be watching
that and I assume I don't know the
details of that but I assume it's
because they've they have labeled him in
a way which he would say is
inappropriate all right
the wall won't stop people from
catapulting into America that's a funny
comment all right we don't have much
else going on right now right
oh here's what's going on we've been
watching for what three straight years
where every single day there's an
article on the home page of CNN saying
that President Trump is a racist is that
not true
is it not true that basically every
single day cNN has a top page news
suggesting that the president is a
racist for one reason or another have
you noticed that stop this week have you
noticed about talking about that so much
so it turns out that Governor north room
has so badly damaged the Democrat brand
that it looks like it's changed the
coverage because today if you made a
comment about the Trump administration
being racist
it would be impossible to make that
comment where that was somebody saying
yeah but north room and north room north
or northern so as long as North room
stays in the news and he's the the
current pinata the president gets sort
of a pass because they don't want to
drag him in and and have those
relatively weaker claims try to stand up
to this this Northam thing so that will
be interesting
at the same time that the Russia
collusion thing seems to be sort of
falling apart now one of the things I
don't believe is that Muller is getting
ready to wrap things up do any of you
believe that that doesn't feel true to
me it does not feel true to me
the Muller is ready to wrap things up
unless unless wrap things up means in
the next six months if he told me he was
giving done in six months then I might
say oh yeah he's wrapping things up
he'll be done in six months but I don't
see any way that's gonna happen next
week or it's not gonna happen in the
next 30 days is it I I just don't see
that happening I feel like we would have
far more signaling that that was going
to happen heard a woman say Trump is a
racist yeah I mean you can't stop the
pundits so the pundits are still gonna
say what the pundits say but when CNN
decides what of all the news there is
what articles and what things to put on
their front page
that's an editorial decision but the
pundits are going to say what the
pundits say yeah so AG Whitaker acting
AG he says it's gonna wrap up soon but
haven't we heard that before
to me that doesn't mean anything
yes so there's a list of celebrities and
and news people who are apparently are
being sued for slandering the Covington
kids and I have mixed feelings about
that I gotta say I gotta say I have
mixed feelings I will I'll show you I'll
show you my my view in a minute now the
first thing that happened when I saw the
list of the 50 or so people who were
being targeted for lawsuits the first
thing I did was look for my name I
wanted to see if my name was on the list
it is it isn't
now maybe that may be the reason my name
isn't on the list is because I
immediately as soon as the as soon as
the news was corrected I I quickly yeah
I clarified and apologized and I wonder
if that would be enough you know if if
listen Milanoo or Kathy Griffin said
okay we were fooled by we were fooled by
the news coverage it looked like
something different than what it was so
we we clarified and we apologized would
that be enough to get them off of the
the lawsuit somebody says there's a look
there's a website called defend Gavin
calm that must be for I'm guessing
that's for donations where people want
to defend Gavin McInnes in his lawsuit
or help him and this lawsuit against the
Southern Poverty Law Center
oh the lawyer did say that a policy that
a retraction or an apology would do well
that's that seems fair
you only wanted a retraction today
except wedding tokens let's talk about
my app so I'm good I'm gonna do a
special special periscope on this but
the interface by one hub app we've we've
added some doctors now and some of the
doctors are international but other
doctors practice in the United States
and they're licensed for particular
states and they can even write
prescriptions if they're licensed in
your state they can write a prescription
not for opioids but for other stuff
spell it please I think you're asking me
to spell the name of the app it's called
interface IMT er fa ce e interface by
when hub if you search for that on the
App Store's it'll come up yes so it's so
we are part of the telemedicine thank
you for putting it in text there so I'll
tell you a little bit more about that
maybe later today
alright let me show you the beautiful
so that's what I'm looking at today
pretty nice to look at I got to say
you
it has been actually it's been raining
the whole time we've been here
so I think today is the first non rainy
day medication therapy I don't know what
that is yes I'm at the montage should
you donate to Roger stones defense well
I think that's up to you all right I'm
just looking at your comments here yeah
I'm into like then Maui more in aoc I
talked about that yeah Roger Moore says
AOC is the future of the Democrats what
telemedicine app so my my startups app
is called an interface by when Hub and
we have a number of experts on there but
we just started signing up doctors so we
have a number of doctors on there and
we're trying to add more if you support
the app you'll be part of supporting
bringing down health care costs and
increasing the options so if you'd like
to be part of that that's one way to do
it I talked about hoaxed already all
right I'm definitely not going to take
the road to Hana that's a long day can
people ping an expert who is offline oh
yes so one of the upgrades that we did
not have in the initial release is that
you can schedule experts so they have to
make their schedule available but when
the expert wants to be available at a
certain time they can now schedule that
time and you can schedule it through the
app and then you both
you both just show up and have your call
am I going to hang out with any
celebrities no I mean not intentionally
so one of the things that's one of the
things that happened since I started
doing periscope is I now get recognized
in airports and in public where I never
used to so
almost everywhere I go now people pick
me out of the crowd and say hey
simultaneous up
yeah Cristina's a celebrity so they'll
see here I'll see her tried to use
interface for an AI expert but no luck
there usually are AI experts I've seen a
number of them on there how do you
become an expert on the app you just
have to call yourself an expert at
something and just sign up you just put
in your all you have to do is put in
your profile and you can be an expert
that literally everything that you think
people will pay for and you don't even
have to charge you could be an expert
for free if you want oh there is a web
interface yeah we do now have a laptop
web interface for interface and by when
hub so you don't have to use the app you
can just just google it interface by
went up you google it and you'll find
the webpage that's brand new so thank
you for reminding me and that I've told
you that the upcoming version we don't
have it in this version but probably a
week or so we'll have a donate button so
that if there any conservatives who
don't want to be on patreon or they
don't want to be on one of the other
donation sites if they've been kicked
off especially
they could they can use the interface
app and get donations that way did I
already talk about Jack Dorsey yes we
did
do I like people saying hi to me in
public it depends on the situation
you know if I'm if I'm at dinner you
know enjoying my dinner that would not
be optimal but if they just say hi on
the way by that's fine too you know if
somebody just recognizes me and as
they're walking by and they say hi then
I do like that and if somebody sees me
in the airport as is often the case
these days then of course yeah I I never
I never bothered by it in person the
only issue was whether I was doing
something else if I'm not doing
something else that matters then I enjoy
it
what kind of dreams do I have when I
sleep at night I almost never dream but
weirdly I had a dreamy yesterday
I had a dream that I was falling asleep
and having a dream I literally had a
dream about falling asleep and dreaming
it was the most useless dream I've ever
had because you smoke pot somebody says
it could be will you draw a Dilbert as
long as you can well yeah I was thinking
about this the other day if I could sell
the entire Dilbert brand forever just
all the rights to Dilbert passed in
presents before a billion dollars I
would quit tomorrow
but I don't think anybody's gonna pay a
billion dollars for it but if they did
it's for sale so lemon let me let me
announce this officially anybody who
pays a billion dollars for the rights to
Dilbert it's for sale but I wouldn't
expect that to happen mr. Murray says
I'll think about it
do you ever get to meet me in person
well that's hard to say
all right when tokens you can still buy
them if you've got a figure to interface
when hub calm and owning when tokens is
not an investment doesn't qualify as an
investment but nonetheless if the app is
successful the value of that the tokens
should go up that's the way they're
designed they're designed to go up if
the demand for them goes up so if you
were good if you're given guess what is
the the very best time to buy them it's
probably right now probably right now
and you can also buy them on exchanges
la token calm you can buy them did you
see there was an article that apparently
it's possible to embed a virus in your
DNA that would that would take over the
CRISPR machines so in other words you
can put software in your DNA and it can
affect a machine that's measuring your
DNA and like a like a software virus
yeah who knew that was possible somebody
says bs I have to I have to I have to
say I'm with you on the BS on that
because the story by itself does not
look like that could be yet people are
calling BS on that I think I'm gonna
agree with the BS people if you know
even a little bit about software it it
feels like there's an air gap there it
just doesn't seem like that's possible
alright Fleetwood's is great
yeah if you know Fleetwood's a few times
alright that's enough for now
I will talk to you later bye for now