but I'm bumpin pop up our pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom hey everybody come on in
there's still room that's right in this
digital universe the simulated reality
plenty of space we're bound only by
storage and bandwidth we got plenty of
that
you know else we have let me tell you
I'll tell you what else we have
good morning Howard good morning gene
I'll tell you what we have we've got
coffee and it's time for the
simultaneous cept and it goes like this
hello Kathleen welcome to your first
periscope coffee with Scott Adams now
let's talk about President Trump's
critics or we're running out of ammo now
you start to see it in a lot of
different ways and I'll talk about some
of them but before we get to that did
any of you watching norm MacDonald's new
show on Netflix debuted on Friday I did
and I thought it was pretty funny
especially the David Spade interview the
the funniest part about it was it's
obvious that Norm Macdonald and David
Spade have known each other a long time
which was what made it fun because they
were just teasing each other but the
funny part was then the norm had kept
pretending he was going to commercial
break and then it wasn't clear if there
really is a commercial break because
it's Netflix so David Spade could never
really tell if they were just talking or
if they were talking on for the show it
was kinda hilarious because I don't know
if he ever figured it out it was sort of
like this greatest spontaneous practical
joke anyway check it out if you get a
chance so here are some signs that the
anti-trump errs are running out of a
number one Michael Moore who is
promoting his new anti-trump movie was
heard suggesting that maybe Trump
himself or one of his one of his minions
were the ones who wrote the New York
Times anonymous piece that was
anti-trump so in other words but Michael
Moore is speculating aloud that maybe
Trump himself or somebody he asked to it
wrote the anonymous article that was
showing that Trump was being managed by
other people in the White House now the
reasoning that Michael Moore gave and
and first of all we don't know if
Michael Moore really believes us we can
only we can only report what he said
because he's in MO movie production or
movie promotion mode so when you're in
movie promotion mode you're gonna say
things that get headlines even if it's
not exactly what you're thinking so you
have to put the context on there but he
was willing to say in public Michael
Moore was that maybe Trump had this
written because it showed that there
were adults in charge in other words one
of the big big stories about that came
out of the anonymous New York Times
editorial was that people were taking
taking memos off of the president's desk
they were figuring out ways to control
his crazy impulsiveness and I'm thinking
if you are worst criticism of the
president wait for it if your worst
criticism of the president at least
lately you say he may be the person
who's criticizing himself
that's it the worst criticism of the
president is that he might be the one
who's secretly criticizing himself but
isn't and that's the second part but
isn't that's that feels a lot like a
Navajo doesn't it that's that's pretty
much an of ammo here's another one Bill
Maher apparently said talking about
Kavanaugh and talking about how the left
was using this attack of the the
anonymous accusation from high school
and even Bill Mara who is anti Trump
said you're just making our side look
bad so if you can't even get Bill Maher
on your side against the president I
don't think your attack is very
effective if you can't get Bill Maher to
say yeah that's a good attack of the
president you can't even get your own
side on board all right so that's
another sign that the anti-trump are
running out of ammo then there's a more
visible sign which you could say is well
it's because of the hurricane the
hurricane is wiping everything off of
that often the headlines well I don't
know that that would be a good enough
reason you know at least online you know
on the Internet
you're not really running out of space
so if there were a story that were that
was really truly bad for Trump I think
they'd find room for it somewhere on the
first page but there really isn't much
there there's just not much news
anti-trump at the moment maybe because
of the hurricane but that can't explain
all of it all right here's a here's
another sign that they're running out of
ammo there was a hip piece I just saw on
CNN yeah CNN or MSNBC I forget which one
I just saw a hit piece on Tucker Carlson
they're so out of ammo that they're
taught that they're attacking someone
who simply likes the president or not
likes but supports the president more
than other people do there they're like
so completely out of ammo they're
thinking all right well who can we shoot
we can't we got nothing for the
president how about Tucker Carlson
how about Tucker that's the closest
that's all we got and here was here was
the most insulting thing that this hip
piece on Tucker Carlson came up with so
there were you know statements like you
know what happened to him you know he
seems so nice but what happened to him
and then when you get down to well what
had happened to him
what what's your analysis what you know
what was he and what is he now what
happened to him and the worst insult
that I could find in it was his latent
racism that's it
latent racism do you know who else has
latent racism human beings human beings
that's who has latent racism that's the
whole problem sorry I didn't
mean to swear but the reason the racism
is even a problem in the world and is a
continuous pervasive never goes away
problem is that human beings have latent
racism in other words they have a sort
of a reflex in them to like the other
less than they like themselves it's just
sort of baked into being a human being
now the test is not whether you have
latent racism that's just everybody the
test is what you do about it
is Tucker putting on a sheet and dancing
with it the KKK nope he's doing the
opposite if you look at if you actually
listen to his
words they're the opposite of racism
clearly Tucker like most of us most of
us have figured out how to control
whatever layton bad bad impulses that
were born with whatever they're whatever
their DNA gifted them with most of us
can figure out how to put a layer of you
know society on that civilization and
try to tamp down our bad impulses but
there's nobody who doesn't have a little
bit of rate latent racism it doesn't
matter what color you are you're you're
automatically born with a an instinct to
like people who look like you more than
the people who don't look like you
that's just how you're born it's what
you do with it that determines who you
are here's another sign that the
anti-trump errs are running out of ammo
and I talked about this before but I'm
gonna go back to this point over and
over in my periscopes because the more
you see of it the more impactful it is
the more it will change how you think
alright so I went through a few articles
anti-trump articles on CNN and I pulled
out the specific criticisms and when I
say the specific criticisms that's sort
of an oxymoron because these are very
unspecific criticisms so watch how
generic and vague and general these are
so these are all the things that people
said about the president the anti-trump
were said about him and see if you could
figure out what problem any of this
caused okay he is unstable and also
highly unstable and he's unhinged he's
impulsive his dictatorial is reactionary
he's made an all-out assault assault on
the press he's raised serious questions
about checks and balance he's out of
control
he is dangerous there's a leader such as
him that's a phrase a leader such as him
so what's a view speculation about his
temperament dark portrait painted of him
by somebody else
he's a divisive figure
no details given emotional declarations
seem manipulative we're talking about
him they say his emotional declarations
seem manipulative isn't he a politician
he has a maturity of an eight-year-old
boy with the insecurities of a teenage
girl and then there's Manafort may know
what the Russians wanted he may and I
also may grow wings and fly I mean
that's may may know something is a
pretty big category or something could
be very bad now here now did you notice
that none of those attacks against the
president have any specific meaning that
you could tie to an actual event that
you could tie to a bad outcome so
there's nothing like let's just pick one
of these out of the list
he was impulsive and there have
therefore heated ax and X turned out
poorly where's that remember that
Woodward said that specific examples are
the building blocks of journalism there
are no building blocks it's all generic
he's impulsive he's unhinged but how did
that how did unhinged affect anything
which decision was it that was in
unhinged why did this unhinged us hurt
us
it's kind of vague good a vague and then
there's the category I call mind-reading
this is where somebody criticizes the
president based on what they imagine he
thinks that's not a thing we don't know
what other people are thinking we can
tell what they're doing half the time
anyway sometimes we can't even tell that
well we certainly can't tell what people
are thinking so here's here's some
things from CNN these phrases taught so
these are phrases that people were
referring to the president he's
determined to prove two things is he how
do you know what the president is
determined to do you can tell what he
does
but you can't really tell what he's
determined to they were that's
mind-reading how about his hatred for
others his hatred for others that's a
what's that you know who was he talking
about are you reading his mind because
he hasn't expressed it in words but
somehow you know about his hatred for
others his motivations are transparent
somebody said are they are as
motivations transparent do you know what
motivations rarely are transparent you
know I mean so you can guess why you
think somebody's doing something you
know there's some that are obvious but
when you're saying his motivations are
transparent why don't you just say what
his motivation is and then say why
that's true why do you need to be
general about it how about his desire to
be seen as more humane well can you
think of anybody who doesn't have a
desire to be seen as humane especially a
politician is there a politician who you
could not say that about well you know
Joe Biden he doesn't like to be seen as
humane it's not a thing every politician
wants to be seen as humane and if people
are criticizing him on that that domain
well of course his true emotional nature
is cold is it who knows who knows the
president's true emotional nature how
would you even know that and then you
look for the phrase he wants you'll see
I saw it several times I wrote it down
once talking about the president he
wants this he wants that he wants that
now there's some things you can say
onion bigger ously he wants to build a
wall yeah there's some things that he's
said and so when you say why he wants
you're talking about what he said he
wants that's fair but if you say he
wants and then you fill in something
that he's never said that's not
reporting that's mind reading
all right so look for this and I'm gonna
add to my list as we go look for the
vague you know it's a it's dark he's
impulsive he's unhinged etc alright
here's another tell
now this next tell is the the most
hidden one and it's one that you
wouldn't notice if I didn't tell you
because I am a professional writer I am
a person who has written books and
written articles and there's some things
that a professional writer would know
that you wouldn't necessarily know and
it goes like this especially if you're
writing for a news organization so this
has bore to do with the news industry
you would never in the context of news
use the word vary or the word highly I
said never but I'll soften that
sometimes you would but they are not
words that you would use in good writing
so in other words there's an article
about the president in which he is
called highly unstable I think that's
the one yeah highly unstable so this is
an article that got past the editors the
professional the professional writer
wrote it professional editor at least
one thought so there were two
professional writers who saw saw the
words highly unstable about the
president do you know what's wrong with
that sentence highly highly is a word
you should just get rid of any
professional writer would know that the
word unstable covers it you would get
rid of the word highly because it
doesn't add anything and it just makes a
sentence longer every professional
writer knows that why is the word highly
still in the article when clearly the
author who wrote it and the editor who
sought both no it doesn't belong there
why because the word unstable
didn't get it done even though the word
unstable does get it done in other words
as a writer the word unstable says it
all unstable is kind of an absolute
right you don't need to be highly
unstable you're just you know unstable
there's this whole range of we don't
know what's going to happen because it's
unstable the the adding the highly
signals to the audience that even the
writer knew the word unstable didn't
mean anything or it didn't mean enough
it was too inert so they wrote it and
they said this president is unstable and
thought I don't know the way I feel
about the president is not being
captured in the word that is totally
accurate see where I'm going on this the
accurate word did not convey how they
felt so they had to write it poorly to
make it feel something they had to imbue
it with their emotion because they
couldn't let it just lay on the page
being just a you know an objective word
about whether he's unstable no I don't I
don't know if in that in that context
objective doesn't mean true it just
means that it doesn't have the highly on
it and then when one of these articles
also said use the word very V ery if you
put the word very in front of something
in professional writing your editor
should be crossing that out because if
you were to say for example impulsive
versus very impulsive generally your
editor would take the very end of that
sentence because it's not adding so look
for look for varies and highly x' and
other words that professional writers
wouldn't normally use but they need to
they need to throw in a little hate they
need a little extra they knew they
needed some seasoning but it wasn't
enough the words just were too flat
so look for that all right
it diminishes meaning that is correct
writers should avoid adverbs that is the
lesson yes writers should avoid adverbs
don't put descriptors to your adjectives
I'm just looking at your the tangerine
tyrant I kind of like that one
somebody called Trump the tangerine
tyrant it's kind of kind of cute
maybe the editors were the ones who
added it maybe you know you can't rule
that out but that would be a very uh
Natur thing to do it's the sort of thing
you might allow the writer to do under
the theory that it's a it's an editorial
and it's their opinion so they can write
it the way they want to write it you
know as long as the grammar is correct
it's unlikely that the at the editor
added it it's possible but it's unlikely
I win very big Lee vs. windy yeah so the
title of my book is win big Lee what if
I the title had been wind very big Lee
its it wouldn't be better John Kerry
Toulouse security clearance yeah I'm
watching the John Kerry stuff and it's
just sort of making my head shake like
Oh what is happening why is he doing
that now in one hand
apparently it's legal or legal enough
the Logan Act is you know ancient and
not going to be used but I was starting
to wonder if maybe Kerry is accidentally
useful and I'm not going to go full
conspiracy theory and say John Kerry is
actually a patriot and he's
secretly working with the administration
it just looks like he's not I don't
believe that so I don't believe it's
part of a clever plan but consider
what's going on here you've got John
Kerry talking to the Ayatollah and
saying hey you know you know we'll try
to be will try to go light on you and
then you've got president Trump who's
going much scarier it's starting to look
and the Sun I mean in an accidental way
a little bit good cop bad cop right it's
a little bit good cop bad cop
but the bad cops in charge so do you
think there's some point where the
Ayatollah says John Kerry you have to
help us please John Kerry tell us how we
can get out of this and the good cop
John Kerry could say well I recommend
that you wait it out because I think he
said that right waded out and then the
Ayatollah consults some other experts of
the United States and he realizes that
President Trump is favored to win a
second a second re-election so waiting
it out means six years and if he waits
it out for six years what happens at the
end of that do we get another Republican
so think about this John Kerry's
reported advice and I don't think we can
really know what those two people are
saying in private right well the Kerry's
not talking directly to the Ayatollah
he's talking to somebody at like
Secretary of State level whatever that
is in Iran and it seems to me that
carries advice is so bad that it's
almost intentionally bad because wait
six years when you're when your economy
is on the edge of destruction and you
know might have a year to go before full
you know full out social revolution
waited out is sort of the worst advice
anybody ever gave anybody isn't it
because if there's one thing I could say
for sure Iran needs to sort of do
something kind of soon because their
whole country is coming apart the bolts
are just coming out now it doesn't look
like a wave six-year situation to me now
maybe you could say Oh Kerry is assured
that in two years somebody will be the
president or he'll be impeached or
something well maybe but you don't know
that and I'm not even sure waiting two
years is a good idea and then let's say
a Democrat comes to office you know John
Kerry's best case scenario does that
Democrat immediately say hey hey let's
just loosen up on Iran they they haven't
you know they've been doing everything
that they were doing the funding
terrorism cheating on nukes but let's
just be good to him now I don't know if
that would be a good political move even
by a Democrat because it's one thing to
take away the deal but it's another
thing to just give them stuff if there's
been no good behavior between now and
then and we're not expecting to be a lot
to see a lot of good behavior so I feel
as if this John Kerry thing might end up
the opposite of of what we assumed would
happen because if you're Iran you're
looking for all your options out right
so one of the options out of your
situation is capitulation where you just
say okay we don't want to be in a
permanent economic war with the United
States there's only one way out we just
got to pull back our you know our
adventurism you know that we got it we
got to pull back from trying to
influence anything that isn't our own
country so and then you know that would
mean being more transparent about
getting rid of their nukes it would mean
not supporting terrorists and everything
else so that's one path and that's the
path that the president has largely laid
out for them you know you can have a
good life and a good economy and good
relations you can have all that stuff we
give you all that stuff we like Iran we
like the people of Iran we just have a
problem with leadership so that path is
very clear if the leaders Iran could
find a way politically ego wise
religiously etcetera psychologically to
go that direction but they don't like it
right that's the least favorite
direction so they're looking for
alternatives and John Kerry comes in and
who knows more than John Kerry about the
United States and Iran and the situation
very few people you would be it would be
one of the most knowledgeable you know
fully informed people on this entire
topic and they talked to John Kerry and
they say John Kerry we don't like that
one path that's been presented to us to
us by mean old President Trump we need
another option John Kerry can you save
us and John Kerry says John Kerry says
well maybe you could wait it out just
wait
but John Kerry our economy is falling
apart we may have only months left
before complete economic collapse what
should we do what should we do John
Kerry oh nothing
how about nothing just wait but did you
hear us our whole economy is collapsing
everything's falling apart the wheels
are coming off we need to act fast what
should we do my professional advice is
to wind it down so you're saying the
president Trump will not be in office
because Russia Russia investigation
pretty soon pretty soon he will be
impeached and removed from office you
haven't been right about that yet have
you I'm reading that there's no actual
evidence of collusion we're reading in
the American press that even Bob
Woodward couldn't find out a sniff of it
and he looked pretty hard now he is not
Muller is he he's not Muller
so we should bet our entire country on
the fact that the thing for which there
is no evidence is really true logically
and rationally you should yes that's
what I do I just wait to wait it out
John Kerry did do you think Trump would
get elected the first time what um the
first time when you predicted that the
the last election did you predict that
Trump would get elected well not exactly
what other people were wrong - so you
would like us to bet our entire future
of our regime in our country your
prediction about the presidency which
has so far in terms of Trump anyway not
been right about anything nothing you
haven't been right about one thing
for three years John Kerry but you're
telling us that we should bet our regime
on your predictive ability about Trump
is that right well I don't have much
time here I think my time is up I've got
to go spread some goodness to the rest
of the world goodbye
see so correct me if I'm wrong the most
knowledgeable person on this situation
who Iran believes is on their side Kerry
has done a good job I'm guessing it
looks like he's done a good job of
making Iran think that he's actually on
their side and the guy who noticed the
most and is on their side has given them
one alternative to dealing with
President Trump the way he'd like to be
dealt with which is stop your
adventurism one alternative and that
alternative depended on
John Kerry being good at predicting what
happens with Donald Trump although he
has a track record of being wrong about
everything every single thing I don't
know if I had a nemesis like you have to
pick your own nemesis and you know you
went to President Trump and say look
President Trump you get to pick your own
nemesis
what do you mean pick my own nemesis
well you're gonna have a nemesis you
know somebody who is always trying to
undermine you working behind the scenes
to you know trying to kneecap you and
make everything harder you know a
nemesis a nemesis who was just always
against you and stuff you guys okay and
you get to pick your own really from
anybody don't like the whole world I
could pick anybody as my nemesis he goes
you could you name it anybody and we'll
sign them to be your nemesis and then I
can imagine him thinking about that and
thinking huh maybe but Joe Biden and
he's like yeah you know he's not even
close enough to be a good nemesis how
about how about John Kerry he'd be a
good nemesis you know seems serious
enough but yet can't do anything right
perfect
it'll make me look stronger to you know
beat John Kerry then Joe Biden because
it's hard to take Joe Biden seriously
O'Keefe has some deep state tapes coming
out well every time O'Keefe has some
tapes coming out I always say the same
thing which is yeah let's wait till we
see them that's wait till we see them
because I don't know what he I don't
know what it means to have some deep
state tapes coming out because the deep
state is just the government and people
in the government have opinions some of
them like the presidents some don't I
don't know what that means
to say you have some tapes about the
deep state somebody said they would pay
to smoke with me on the interface by
when how back well someday you might
Kerry was bribed by Iran somebody says
well that seems unlikely given his age
and patriotism and wealth he'd be pretty
hard to bribe so he's got that going for
him there are some 420 experts there's
some cultivation experts on interface by
window so if you haven't used the
interface by one hub app yet you should
sign up because going forward I'm going
to be taking questions through the app
so when I do my periscope I'll put in a
keyword it's not there right now but in
the future anybody who has the app can
call me up now the app is meant to
charge people for calls but when you
sign up you get some free tokens the
called the when whe n that's our own
cryptocurrency so just signing up gives
you some some free ones of those so
everybody can
some free calls using the when that
comes with the sign up and so you don't
have to pay whatsapp is free calls yeah
the difference between whatsapp and the
interface app is the interface is made
for people who who have something to
offer that they can charge for it's not
it's not meant just for a phone call so
it's for billing billing people for your
expertise or your time all right you're
welcome
repeat the app name is called interface
so the app name is just the interface
but if you're searching for it look for
interface by when hub when hub is one
word whe n hu B when looking for a
veterinarian the other night no luck
yeah so the the big the challenge with
an app like this it's sort of the same
challenge as a dating app you need you
need people on there for it to be useful
so we're trying the next month or so
we're trying to get enough experts to
sign on because remember signing on is
free and you just say that you're
available and stick it in your pocket
you don't have to do anything and if
somebody calls you and you're available
take the call make some money it's easy
only when they're online yeah so you
have to specify that you're online and
that you're available for a call I'm
people are asked me to talk about the
fake weather the fake news about the
weather or where people are pretending
the weather is worse than it is
you know you've I don't have anything to
add to that it's funny when they do it I
understand why the news does it makes it
more interesting I don't have a problem
with any of it really yes the interface
app is a videophone call sort of like
a FaceTime phone call but you can use it
across across platforms so you can make
a call from from your Android or Apple
phone and it's a video call with an
expert or somebody who's charging for
their time it doesn't matter what
they're charging for it could be for
conversation could be because they're
famous could be it's a famous person
who's got whose money is going to
charity so it could be anything you want
to change charge for your time and I
will tell you more about that but I'll
talk to you tomorrow bye