[Music]
boom hey everybody I've got an invention
I'd like to show you hold on you know
when it comes to these pandemics
everybody's gotta jump in do their part
and you've already seen a lot of
inventions I just saw another video of
another hospital that turned I don't
know two ventilators into nine or
something with some creative in tubing
so you're seeing and inventions just all
over the place and I didn't I didn't
want to be left out because I'm I'm kind
of inventive myself so I thought I would
invent something that you can all use
now first you have to start with a
problem right the problem is people were
touching their face with their hands now
it's hard to avoid what if you have an
itch what are you gonna do so I took I
started with this ordinary back
scratcher and I did some modifications
it's a little more aerodynamic took a
little weight off it you'd say and now
if should I have a hitch let's say on my
nose in the old days I would go scratch
scratch scratch and then die you know
most likely so since I don't want to die
just because I have an itch on my nose
I'll I've repurposed the back scratcher
don't watch this haha 4head
ahahahahahaha hole that's so good oh my
god I've been so needing to scratch my
head Wow of course you have to
immediately burn the stick so these are
disposable that's how I make my money
because if I were just to sell you one
of them and it just lasted forever well
how do you make money on that
so this is sort of like the other giving
away the the razor the razor and selling
the bleh it's you have to throw it away
after one use so get that over there
alright umm make it longer needs to be
six feet long so I have my guest mode on
and that means you get to ask me a
question before you get to go to bed and
I'm going to see if anybody's queuing up
to ask any questions
Oh carpe let's see if you're still on
there carpe can you hear me that didn't
work we'll see if our technology is
working today let's go to Lynn Lynn Lynn
can you hear me Lynn can you hear me
well just barely let me see if I can
turn up my volume too - hmm maybe I
can't let's see if I can I'll ins begin
can you hear me now I give you well
enough just so to speak loudly what is
your question for me alright so I want
to call this time with thought all right
a little branding you know I don't know
if anybody tried this take me good all
right blanket blanket I'm a knight it is
thank you for that suggestion all right
all right I have a little bit of sound
issues so if I choose you
speak loudly Charlie Charlie can you
hear me Charlie
hey Charlie do you have a question for
me can you hear me yes well enough okay
yeah no I just don't I actually just
joined I just I'm so happy that you're
doing what you're doing and you know
I've been I've spoken to you a couple
times I'm a huge fan of your person
you're doing such a wonderful thing for
the entire fan base people that good to
see you but it's just wonderful and
thanks so much for the positive yeah
I've been taking that energy and and
bringing it to my team at work okay I'm
trying my to keep the morale up and it's
awesome so thank you so much and like
this is not pop but we're gonna get
through it I really believe it oh yeah
we're definitely good the only thing
that I'm not worried about in the least
is that we'll get through it there's a
timing question but yeah well we will
certainly get through it that part is
that part is not in question all right
Thank You charlie thanks a lot have a
great evening
hey you too all right let's see what
else is on here all these good vibes
today people got good vibes let's see if
it Anna Lisa wants to ask me a question
Anna Lisa are you there hi do you have a
question for me so I'm in the oil and
gas industry and here in Houston and
it's kind of I want to keep a positive
attitude however it's really I don't
think we've ever been in a place like
this before so it's kind of it's a
little bit scary so well do you know
what is a little bit scary you know fear
of the unknown but here are the things
that I think you don't have to be afraid
of there's zero chance of running out of
food if if only because you can't hoard
fresh food you know if you took a whole
bunch of broccoli it just wouldn't last
long so there always be fresh food and
and the pipeline is you know flexing its
muscles the best pipeline in the world
so you always have food the my
prediction for what's going to happen
with our
infection and death rate in this country
is based on the fact that we're getting
really close to just you know putting
these therapeutics that seemed to work
really well that the chloroquine
in particular and some other ones
reservoirs are written however you
saying that so I think what you're gonna
see in this country because we had
enough time to prepare and we slowed it
down enough I think you're gonna see
that the infection rate will continue to
just explode because there's just
nothing you can do about it but I think
the death rate will start to approach
zero with the exception of people who
have underlying issues you know if
somebody's you know unhealthy overall
then then anything can take about but I
think you're gonna see the combination
of more infection and less deaths and
that might fairly quickly get us to a
point where where we can open stuff and
I think the economy is pretty resilient
you know it's nothing got broken it's
not like we got bombed people can just
walk right back to their offices
whenever it's time so I think we'll be
fine
well I don't think we'll be fine we'll
be fine there is no doubt about it
the question is is it inconvenient and a
real pain for you know a month you know
is it two months is it is this six
months who knows but definitely
something we can do you know standing on
our heads we are we are America and the
last thing we're gonna do is you know
let each other starve so thanks for the
question but you should feel better we
got this all right let's see what else
we got going here let's talk to you
Jennifer
see if jennifer has questions for me
Jennifer can you hear me I'm good how
are you you have a question for me dr.
Shiva and he he's someone who just
seemed so knowledgeable but he was
bringing up some really serious
questions concerns about dr. Falchi and
I'm I'm just struggling with
trying to figure out who to trust who to
listen to maybe I shouldn't listen to so
many of these but I'm just kind of here
advice work well what what she could be
as specific what would be a specific
thing that not this not just the general
criticism of how things were being
approached but what's it what's a very
specific thing that she should be doing
according to dr. Shiva that he's not
already doing well it's it's not so much
that it's his past associations with
people you know I guess deep state or
whatever you know that he used that he
is part of that group and has been for
years and so well you know that's very
close to the bottom of the list of
things I'm going to worry about I think
the mental community medical community
has a very high opinion of them and you
know one of the things that you can
guarantee about any of these you know
Washington creators or anybody who's
just operating at a very high level
they all have all these weird
connections to other people so it's sort
of just built into being you know
successful and prominent and in being in
that part of the world they all they all
know each other they got connections
they did things that you wish they
hadn't you know back in the day they had
different opinions I want to worry about
a that the medical people have great
confidence in him and that's all I worry
about so yeah I would relax about that
thank you for the question all right
let's see if we can bring on Brian Brian
Brian hear me I can do you have a
question yeah I was wondering why don't
you think we hear more cases out of
Russia of this coronavirus if it's such
a big deal and they say oh such a big
border with China well that is a really
good question so why don't we hear more
cases out of Russia well you know the
the obvious explanations would be that
you know maybe they're not testing they
have a you know that it's just could be
a you know a measurement problem it
could be that Russia is concealing
information and it could be that just by
luck there wasn't a lot of travel across
the border I don't know how much travel
there is across the border really I
would have to that's something I'd have
to ask but is there is there a robust
China Russia back and forth travel I
just don't know the answer to that
question I guess I just presume that
there would be a robust China Russia
travel connection because their
political systems are both communists
and they seem like natural allies so you
think they do a lot of trade and have a
lot of back and forth well I'm not sure
how natural allies they are but they
have to share a border so they're doing
the best they can
I mean I guess they're natural in the
sense that it wouldn't make any sense
for them to ever fight so yeah natural
allies in that sense for sure yeah but
you know it's a good question and we're
also not seeing a lot from Africa and so
one of the questions you'd have to ask
yourself is will there be a strong
genetic indicator and not necessarily
something that's limited to some
ethnicity but it could be something that
just some people have in in any group
and maybe you know maybe Russians on
average you know are less susceptible
that's entirely possible so that would
be just speculation but you know if you
have to guess is that just we don't have
good information or is there something
genetically protecting them yeah it
feels like the information right it
feels like that would be the big
explosion all right thanks for the
questions thank you all right
see once we got here oh I think I feel
like I can know what you're gonna ask by
looking at your little icons all right
color can you hear me
caller caller
can you hear me yes I can do you have a
question you chose these older people
that are in their houses in quarantine
with this whole scary thing and the mob
at the store what if they need stuff and
how do they know that if they need to
leave one but how do we find these
people if they need help there's no pot
line number yeah yeah that's that's a
real good question and everything has to
do with their capability and you know
just how capable are they you know if
somebody is capable but older they would
do what I did today which is a
neighborhood you know young person was
willing to do some shopping for me just
for some fresh fruit you know some fresh
goods and you know left them outside and
I you know cleaned clean the bag and
everything so just we're doing all the
right stuff but so that's what I did
but I also have you know some some
resources and some capacity I'm not so
old I can't take care of stuff so I
think it's up to people who know them I
think you you have a lot of people
knocking on neighbors doors of course
all the relatives to check you with the
older relatives but they're still going
to be some people give the that slips
into cracks so I don't know exactly how
they get help but you know I hope
everybody is at least somebody who is
young and capable that they can call and
say what should I do
but yeah it's a big problem but it's
it's in the category of things that I
think we can rise to that occasion so
it's really just yeah and we've got an
app here called a next door which I
always recommend because the next door
app if I put you know that I've got a
chair I want to sell if in five minutes
you know 10 people said hey I'll take a
chair and you know if you say 82 babies
or something like that you just get
immediate responses from from your
local local area so that would be a
great way but then again you'd have to
be you know clever enough to load an app
and know how to use it so that that
eliminates a lot of people all right
good question thanks let me take another
caller here we're gonna go for Pedro
Pedro has been patiently waiting Pedro
can you hear me
Pedro disappeared he was not as patient
as I hoped all right how about Joyce
Joyce let's see if you could hear me
Joyce could hear me good good how are
you and do you have a question yes I
just learned something tonight 9 1 of
this you knew it because they never
really heard it the virus out there is
not covered 19 the virus is sauciness is
a cyrus virus saris or what sorry
SARS okay good it's sa no Cyrus - CoV -
that's the virus that's document coded
19 is the disease but it causes that's
the disease name did you know that I
knew that there was a distinction
between the disease of the name you're
vaguely but I wasn't paying too much
attention to it but but yes you know
I've seen it written as this ours -
covered 19 so I I figured that was the
other scientists we're talking about it
okay all right thanks for that okay
let's see what else we can learn today
maybe we'll talk to about Perry
peri-peri can hear me Barry hi do you
have a question for me well I do but
also comment on a few things that you've
mentioned I need to exacerbate your your
you know human ingenuity because I'm a
public health nurse in California and I
cannot believe what our county is doing
for the homeless like you said it's
amazing what humans can do and we are
popping up a tent tomorrow to isolate
the homeless from from the well ones to
the sick ones I want everybody to be
reassured that you you cannot even
imagine what public health has been
doing behind the scenes so that's number
one
I mean I'm working all day tomorrow I've
been working all week unfortunately my
kids home alone which stinks but but
it's amazing what's happening I want
everybody to be very reassured how
incredibly safe and the extra care given
to homeless folks wow that is that is
terrific to hear and I had not heard
that from any other source
so thank you for that and I think
everybody here would join me in thanking
you for for your public service because
you know we're we're all I think pretty
much uniformly and awe of how brave you
have to do you have to be to run toward
this thing and and all of you folks are
running toward it and believe me we
appreciate it we appreciate it like
crazy it's it's getting easier because
of the more information we're getting
and there's hope and faith in these
medications that are coming out I am not
nearly as worried as I was 24 hours ago
or 48 hours ago and my co-workers feel
the same there's no is that because you
have say more direct information about
these drugs working or are you working
off of the news reports like the rest of
us I okay
both because I I also have been in close
contact with with with our Director of
Public Health and my supervisor
who have changed their tone whereas last
Thursday was a totally different
freakout looking face on my supervisor
versus now today and in the text
constantly all for the last 24 hours
have been the the whole tone has changed
it's completely changed they're yeah
they're not as worried it's more like
excited to get this taking growth and
we're going to be done in like a month
or two that's well yeah a month or two
would be terrific I I've been I've been
predicting that whatever wherever the
experts are in terms of how long it will
take to get back on or feet however you
want them to find that getting back on
their feet
the my prediction was going to be at the
probably left of everybody's meaning the
shortest so I think we're gonna surprise
on the good side and one of the things
that to your point about people being
more optimistic and the attitudes change
I think that's entirely true of the
people were really paying attention and
for the reason that you said because the
the the meds that we're hearing about
seem pretty good but it's such a
different feeling to know that you have
a path versus not knowing what's gonna
happen and I think we went from not
knowing what do you do you know how do
we get to a vaccine before you know the
casualties are too high to oh now now we
kind of know exactly what to do the fact
that it's gonna be crazy hard it still
still changes your psychology because if
you say I know how to get to the other
side it's gonna be crazy hard I say when
do I start you know crazy heart is not
my problem you know staying alive is my
problem you know I'll take crazy heart
if if that's all it takes it's just
crazy hard okay it can be crazy hard so
I think that that's where people are at
right now which is yeah we have a path
we know what to do each of us know how
to do our part and people are being
pretty darn good on the whole you know
the you've got some bad actors of course
and never we're never going to follow
directions
but overall the public has been
spectacular I think and yeah we're we're
absolutely in the right direction now I
feel like it turned a corner sometime
yesterday it felt like to me is that
what it felt like to you
yes exactly 24 to 48 hours ago and maybe
it wasn't the medication stuff I think
also everybody in my department and at
our clinic because we did a pop up thing
in the front so we're screening
everybody including employees and now
that we've got this plan in place for
this pop up for the homeless in the
community which is my my jurisdiction I
just it's such a calming feeling knowing
that it's getting taken care of
everybody other and now there's a plan
unknown so yeah and then the you know
the hidden benefit it's too early to
crow about how good this is they'll do
it anyway that the stuff that we're
learning from this is what's gonna keep
us from being so bad the next time so
you know it's hard to feel there were
were so far ahead but I would argue
already it's inevitable that on the
other end of this were way hardened for
the same risk and we'll learned a lot so
thank you so much for that input I
really appreciate it and stay smart stay
safe all right take care that was really
good input let's see what Pedro has to
say Sandra are you there hey Pedro do
you have a question for me yes
well first of all thank you for the I'm
here can you hear me yeah yes go ahead
yes first of all thank you for the great
broadcast I love your book gods debris
thank you
do you see any changes in geopolitical
relations with this and specifically
us-china relations and other countries
yeah I think this game
Aaron teased that we're gonna pull our
supply chain back from China
I was certainly at least the important
stuff now we might not do it you know
overnight it might take a while but I
would say it's a guarantee at this point
that we're going to pull back our
manufacturing for strategic and other
reasons economic and that's gigantic
that that's about the biggest change you
could ever imagine
would happened so at the very least that
the China situation will change
substantially I think that's a guarantee
everything else could go back to
something close to normal in terms of
relationships um I was surprised to see
that Mexico seems to be willing to you
know close down this border I don't know
what that means for illegal immigration
but you know the you always get good and
bad out of this people will work well
together and we'll bond them maybe some
countries won't work well together and
they'll get angry you know Iran there's
another wild card because if Iran
doesn't get on top of it you know they
could be losing losing a few ayatollahs
and that could change the what it looks
like there so I understand that Joe
Biden is essentially in seclusion and
his aides are wearing gloves and masks
even to come into the room but you know
the people are at risk and he's
certainly that age that's extra risk all
right
thanks for the questions thank you yes
see well looks interesting I think
let's bring in Nils Nils are you there
no Nils is not but let's pick Tyler
Tyler talk to me Tyler can you hear me
Tyler what's your question this done
when everything calms down a little bit
is the whole idea of bling going to
become a lot easier like you got to
think
people are gonna be asking a lot of
questions after all this is calm down
yeah I think the decoupling is is
guaranteed it was just telling the last
caller so yeah I don't think the
relationship with China in the United
States will ever be the same and that's
probably good because where it was was
was not where we wanted it to be so
president Trump did a lot to move it the
virus will do a lot more to move it yeah
it's going to be a different world and
in a little while all right thanks some
question let's see who else is here ah
Fernando Fernando Fernando Fernando
Fernando can you hear me I can do you
have a question for me
yeah your book how do I feel almost
everything so I'm wondering if at one
point in your life you had to like start
a new venture or project during a
recession or a crisis and if you
hypnotized yourself to like but for
opportunities or stay positive or
something like that
well I've started businesses and good
times and bad and usually the only thing
that matters is whether the idea is good
so there are definitely a whole bunch of
opportunities opening up right now but
they might look different from the ones
from two months ago so there are
definitely people getting rich right now
some for good reasons maybe some for not
but I would say the you know this is a
little hiccup so you're not gonna get
much done for the next month or so
but I think everything will be fine and
I think that good ideas will still we'll
still win and bad ideas won't but I
always recommend looking at it as a
numbers game which is that there are
certain number of things you're going to
try in your life and most of them won't
work you know most of the people you
fall in love with it won't love you back
most of the jobs you apply for you won't
get I mean some people will but in
general its life is a big little failure
machine and everyone's
all you hit it you guess that you get
that job you find that person so I don't
think it's much different and good times
are bad if you got a good idea it's
gonna work in good times or bad so
that's the best I can do
I don't know if that helps but thanks
for the questions yeah all right let's
see let's bring on Kim who has been
patiently waiting Jimmy can you hear me
yeah I can do you have questions yes I
do
well I don't know if it's a question but
it's kind of like I haven't seen it
anywhere all right
I'm I'm a retired RN and I've been
sidelined for about ten years because I
have fibromyalgia I am NOT in a risk
group or anything but I'm 60 years old
so I'm staying at home here's my
question out of the positives I am not
seeing anywhere what percentage of those
positives are requiring hospitalization
and what Senate of people that are
staying at home and self-care because
yeah I believe I saw that statistic and
I don't want to like guess in public but
I will just between us yeah if you all
promise okay well I just saw the same
number I was going to give it just went
by in the comments somebody said 20
percent I think I saw 16 percent
somewhere somebody say 18 to 20 percent
so it's in that range but it probably
also greatly depends what country when
they age and all that stuff yeah I don't
I don't know that I've seen it for the
United States maybe our numbers arms big
enough and I would also think that the
percentage of people who were
hospitalized might change based on how
much capacity we have in other words if
somebody's like well I don't know maybe
we hospitalized them maybe we don't as
long as you have capacity you're going
to hospitalize them but as soon as it
gets
named the same person you're gonna be
well maybe they could work it out at
home but we don't have any beds anyway
we send this one home so that that's
gonna play with the statistics as well
you know just the availability of beds
so it's a good question in fact there
are a number of facts that I think the
public would like to know for example if
I had a little dashboard where I could
you know watch how we're doing against
this thing to make myself feel better
I'd like to see how many I'll just use
one example how many n95 masks do we
need how many do we have and how many
are in the pipeline and how many will be
in the pipeline in three weeks so you
can sort of you know visually see what's
happening and you know are there are
there two companies that are trying to
crank up to make more masks or are there
25 different companies that are making
mass and were there were there five
yesterday but today we've got 25 because
we're just spinning them up like crazy
I'd love to know that I'd love to know
what the food industry thinks is the
realistic time before there's enough
toilet paper for all oh I'd like to know
and even where does it come from like
how do you know is it as all-american
trees does you know is there why don't I
know
our toilet paper comes from China well
it it feels like that wouldn't make
sense because we'd have to wouldn't we
be shipping lumber over there and I
don't know again I'm sitting here
thinking you know I have six rolls of
toilet paper I think I'm okay and if
push comes to shove I've got washcloths
and I have a washer and dryer
you know toilet paper for a respiratory
infection all right well we're all set
so thank you thanks to the question I'll
talk to you later all right see let's
take at least
one more see how I feel I'm gonna take
Prince here Prince Prince a key can you
hear me my pleasure
I do my question is we've seen kind of
some really good connections from both
sides across the look yeah go ahead
Prince a geek and sorry man there was
some lag going on yes so basically the
Trump in the Democrats been kind of on
better terms nowadays and do you think
it's going to be well I think I think I
caught your question before you got
disconnected there so yes it does seem
like at least some of the Democrats are
working well on the president willing to
praise him for his effort etc will it
last
probably not you know I think that it
probably won't but I think it's really
smart
for Democrats to read the room properly
and I think the smartest ones are the
ones who are saying yes the president's
doing a good job now party apparently if
they say he's doing a good job he's
probably gonna be a little more helpful
to the state that says he's doing a good
job because it's Hueber nature right so
they may be just playing the odds it's
like well we better say this guy's doing
a good job so so we give stuff or it
could be that they're just Patriots and
they know that complaining about stuff
isn't going to make anything better
because I'm sure they're complaining
privately about anything they're not
getting but it looks like it looks like
the cooperation between the states and
the and the federal government is
excellent at the moment so no I don't
think it'll last but I think the
Democrats are smart too to judge the
mood to the country that we're not
looking for political infighting at the
moment and so I think that they're going
to be able to say look I'm not always
political you saw that last time that I
agreed with President Trump and
proves that I can so it's not all
political and now let me tell you all
the ways that I disagree with them and
why you shouldn't be President etc so I
think it's just smart politics by Ilan
Omar and anybody else who agreed with
the president it's good for the country
and it's more politics let's let's take
another one let's see who else wants to
talk to me
Huey looks like he has a question
Huey do you have a question Huey
question for me yes I know and got me
thinking about a topic of will so the
basic idea is that with the law basic
there could only be costing effects of
my nose
can you imagine some sort of mechanism
that would allow for free will to be a
thing yeah you're saying a mechanism
that would create free will
yeah well so cause and effect is why I
think our cases so let's say there is no
species that created our simulator for
example so would they have a mechanism
that would allow for them to have free
will is that possible ah so so let's say
it was a weird simulation well I guess
the question is is the simulation just
simulations or are people inhabited the
simulated creatures in other words if I
in my simulation but there's a real
intelligence that sort of using me like
a fun ride and just experiencing my
world through my eyes but really
somebody else's is driving the car up
there and what was your question that
was if we would have freewill programmed
in well free will doesn't make sense
logically so I don't think you can
program something that doesn't even make
sense so I guess that's that's my answer
I could I can say more about that but
the bottom line is that something causes
everything so the most you could do was
build in ignorance so people didn't know
why things were happening but that
wouldn't be free well you could bring
you you can build in randomness you know
an actual random
number generator and cause actions
randomly but that wouldn't be free will
that would just be randomness so I don't
think there is anything that is real and
therefore it can't be programmed it's
not a it's not a even internally
consistent concept that makes any sense
today I would accept the idea that free
will will never be a thing for human
species but how about the original
species that created us like the
al-qaida the accumulation creator or
however however we want to call itself a
free will well it's Turtles all the way
down right because yeah you know if
physics is the thing in our world
whether we're simulated or not we have
you know these constraints of physics
you would expect that whoever was above
us would have some kind of physical laws
so the only way that could not be true
is if the laws of physics are different
but I guess you couldn't rule that out I
just don't know what it would look like
logically without if you take cause and
effect out of the universe I don't know
what it looks like so I don't know
what's left so I can't say well if you
just remove this then everything be fine
I did have free well I I just think it
would just be nonsense without cost
effect all right thanks for the question
thank you do do the big questions today
let's talk to Kevin Kevin can you hear
me do you have the questions I was gonna
hear me hi what's your question - Kevin
yeah I saw a tweet that was like by an
avowal
and it was some guy who is basically
suggesting that there may be way more
people infected by this thing than we
think because so few were being tested
so he was like citing some data from
Iceland it's one of you opinion on that
if you thought that it's possible that
basically this thing has a way lower of
the centers for sanity Bates if it's
already way out there in the community
but we just don't know it yet yeah I was
asking this question the other day is
this is a thought experiment based on
the the information that we have and we
can have now how would we know the
difference between a flu that was extra
deadly meaning it killed a high
percentage of people versus a flu that
was extra mild but was way more viral in
other words if you know if a thousand
people get it but only you know 10% die
that's still more deadly that would be a
mild flu because yeah well that those
numbers are not mild but you know what
I'm talking about so if it was more
deadly but not many people got it you
could end up with a lower lower you know
death count and I think that was the
case with Ebola and stuff so I I'm not a
scientist and I can't answer this
question so I'll just say that as an
observer how could you possibly rule out
that it's a mild flu that just kicks
some people's butts but way more people
have gotten it that didn't have any any
kind of reaction at all now that that
doesn't explain though why all the
emergency rooms are overloaded
everywhere because you know just seems
like the effectiveness is worse than
regular sloughs but you know we often
talked about the fact that the regular
flu kills lots of people and you don't
hear about it so what if we heard about
it you know what would that look like
now I'm not going to make the mistake of
comparing this to a regular flu that's
that I think that's the big mistake but
there's certainly a lot we don't know
about it I I will I will agree with
navall why I'm not sure what he said so
I'm not gonna say this is greeing I'll
just give my opinion my opinion is that
there's a certainty that there's way
more of it than we know I would say
that's a certainty I don't know how that
could not be the case but that doesn't
mean it's good news or bad news
it just means we'll find out more and
the problem is what the problem is
now the other thing that I've been
hearing I don't know how reliably
because you know I'm not a doctor but
that the the viral load makes it
difference so if you get a whole bunch
of it and that's your at the time of
infection you're sort of marinating it
you get a worst case of it so what if
the the nature of this thing is that
it's mild but it's also cumulative so
that would mean that that if you were
just you know you got a grazing if you
were glance a glancing blow of the virus
you just got a little bit of it
your body would adapt in time before the
virus got too big enough numbers but you
know what if it's really subject to a
ventilation problem yeah maybe that's
its weird characteristic then if you're
in a nursing home or on a ship or
something that shares ventilation or
just in close quarters that's the
problem and so it could be and I'm not
sure if this is even a thing because
would you call it a weak virus if
getting a little bit if it didn't take
you out but marinating and it would you
know it is deadly is that a thing and is
that different than other viruses could
would that be true of every other virus
well it probably has to do with whether
it's airborne and whether it's a lung
infection and stuff like that but anyway
there are too many variables to quite
know what's going on yet because this
probably could be something interplay of
lots of variables anyway thanks for the
question let's see what else we got
going here okay are okay coming at you
okay can you hear me okay
could hear me you have a question the
brief statement is earlier you're asking
about chloroquine and prophylaxis the
Queeny only works once your immune
system has triggered and started to
develop antibodies for it that's why
they don't want you taking it beforehand
but
ask you this question if you had it in
your body it would be doing nothing
nothing nothing until you got it
infected and then it would already be
there so it could jump right in so but
there are there are better there are
better medications that are out there
and I don't want to go too much into
them and by the way my background is bio
bio chemistry and physical chemistry so
um anyway that's best just to comment
once once you've started to develop
antibodies the coin eating reduces a
transmitter called the inner lutein
series and it releases three of them
that are all affected by a corona of the
disease and it brings them down so they
spread in your anybody system kidding
why so so just to clarify if I already
had it in my body and then I got
infected it wouldn't stop me from
getting infected but it would already be
in my body so it more immediately
addressed the infection would that be
fair to say yes but you gotta make
certain that your body is actually
responding to the infection otherwise
your viral load will just continue to
increase okay anyway that was my
statement the question is this so it
looks like the Senate plan for stimulus
checks has come out and I know that you
had been arguing for everybody to go
through and get a check it looks like
it's gonna be a four tiered system if
you didn't if you didn't file in 2018
you're not going to get to check at all
so that's people on Social Security you
make less than $25,000 the homeless etc
etcetera etcetera if you make more than
I don't remember what the number is a
hundred thousand dollars or something is
to cut off then you won't be and if you
make under forty five thousand dollars
or something then you're gonna get a
half-sized check I just want to get your
opinion on that and if you had seen that
data that well you know um these
suggestions that I saw somebody else
make ingresses Wall Street playboys
that's the name of the
Twitter feeds and the suggestion was so
simple that I was angry at myself for
not having thought of it because the
problem is people say well if he base it
on last year's tax returns that may not
tell you about this year I might have
had a different job I could be
unemployed you know there you know there
could be less difference so that's a
terrible way to go but the suggestion
was this give every person the same
amount of money and then when it's tax
time the people like me who didn't
deserve the money would pay a hundred
percent tax I'll just give it back in
the mean time I probably spent it but
you know I'll still give back that same
amount when I pay the taxes because I
can afford it I thought to myself that
is the cleanest simplest thing I can say
you don't have to decide who gets it you
just give it to everybody and then you
claw it back at tax time for just the
rich who were used to you know used to
filling out deductions they have long
forms and stuff and it would be no pain
it would there would be no extra work on
my part you know my accountant out and
my accountant my paperwork like always
and then my accountant would know that
she should account for that and deduct
it and then I would get a big pile of
paper and then I would sign it no work
whatsoever now in the meantime you know
the government's out that thousand
dollars but you know it comes back in
the year we could probably make that
work and I thought that is absolutely
the fairest because the basis it's based
on your what your actual taxes were and
you don't have to say yeah but last year
this year and that's not fair that's
about as far as you get and then if
you're doing it for your taxes you can
make it infinitely you know great a
infant degradations
you know you could say if you make this
much you get this much if you make this
much you get this much you don't have to
have just you know three categories then
people feel like they got screwed if
they were you know I was right close to
the line I was right on the line and
then I didn't get anything so you don't
want that so you just add more
gradations do it on your taxes it's just
easy and automatic and the accountant
takes care of it that's nothing
so one one industry that people have
kind of ignored
really getting hit hard and that's the
rental industry so like I had to try and
rent a wheelchair
while I was waiting for mine to be
shipped in and nobody's running
wheelchairs nobody's renting vehicles or
anything else because of course they
can't be sanitized effectively so that's
an industry that nobody's really talking
about but it's bad thing impact yeah
they're you're worried that they're
probably you know 200 job types and
industries that are big ones that we're
not talking about because you know you
think automatically if a restaurant for
example so there's some you just think
of the like I I spent exactly zero time
thinking about the rental industry but
you're right that's gonna get whacked
but it'll be fine as soon as we get the
virus under control I think I think
that'll all snap back so thanks for the
question I appreciate it all right
all right one more then we gotta go to
bed
how about how about Curtis Curtis Curtis
do you have a question tonight actually
I'm a waiter
in Nashville and tonight was essentially
the last night that I'll have working
for a while and something that I like to
say is that makes you I don't know makes
you optimistic is when people or people
people being people and the amount of
generosity the size of you know tips and
things like that that people to tad and
and stuff was just really amazing and
even though you know there's kind of
worry ahead about things like that in
the next coming weeks it really gave a
lot of encouragement to people that need
it and it was really kind of an
incredible night even though it it
should have been sad it really didn't
feel that way and yeah you know there
there is something to be said about the
just the way everybody feels the public
spirit
I saw the caller just disappeared but
yeah thanks
the story people people are stepping up
and they're not going to stop until we
get things right so let me see if people
are asking me to add Kevin Ford and I
don't know if Kevin is still here or if
he went away I'm just scanning to see if
I see him on the list here I do not see
Kevin forward on the lists so I think
you went away anyway
but I'm sure up Kevin's back all right
Kevin Kevin what do you got for me
thank you no well what do you got Kevin
sorry
all right now I don't have a major
position in the hospital I really don't
know how to begin here I'll just give
you from where I was at I'd say the
beginning of last week to where I am now
okay you know last week you know there
were rumors oh you know what's going on
what's going to happen I've been
watching your videos every day and you
know I've seen a cynical negative
cynical positive takes me to LA last
Friday a week from today
last Friday and we started a no
implement visitor policy going on taken
major precautions at our Hospital this
is Northeast Massachusetts I work within
the hospital I want to say what position
just because I don't know what sort of
you know things I'm breaking here in
terms of rules but over the weekend I
heard be any cases supposedly that's
what they told us well over the over the
weekend what over the weekend from
Friday to when I came back to work on
Monday I was told on Friday we had zero
cases on Monday we had eight okay okay
by Wednesday seven were gone home and
one was left and then you know I begin
to listen to your theories
and your positivity and and I have
family that's also within major
hospitals in Boston and they have lower
numbers than we have we are I'm at a
very small Hospital in terms of what
we're at in Boston and for the most part
everybody's being pretty much sent home
I mean and I don't know what it means
you know to the sorry I'm just I didn't
expect to really get called upon I
thought I was gonna send off here but I
so so so Kevin I would imagine it's
entirely dependent on location so there
I I heard from somebody earlier today
who was waiting four hours in a line for
the emergency room it was it was a
four-hour wait and I I don't know if
that's typical or untypical but I've got
to imagine there's something I have no
impact you know literally none and some
that are already starting to strain so
butBut thank you Kevin for the the input
I appreciate that very much
all right people on that note we are
going to take off I it would be easy to
be fooled by any anecdotal information
so especially if you hear there's some
young person died I think you have to
take all that with a grain of salt
because I don't know how many times
young people just sort of die from
regular slings and other things so an of
context it's not telling you as much as
you think it is you got to kind of wait
for the pros to sum everything up and
give you some statistics so don't get
frightened by anecdotes wait for the
pros to just give you the cold hard
statistics and I think those will
improve over time as well anyway I hope
you enjoy this and I hope it allows you
to drift off to sleep everything's gonna
be fine there really well it's just a
matter of time humans were pretty good
at this stuff and we're gonna be on top
of this by the end of the week talk to
you later