just in
time good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need is a cover marker glass tanker
chal ofstein a canteen jug or flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine to the day thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous zp happens right now
go thank you
Paul everything's working fine today all
right well the big news in case you it
is that uh CNN uh escapee Jim Acosta has
launched his own
show oh okay what was I talking about oh
sorry I was saying that uh CNN Escape
Jim aosta has
launched I'm just going to move to the
next
story I can't make you through that one
well as you know Trump has signed his
executive order Banning biological men
in women's sports as he likes to say
women seem to like it a lot you know
I'll tell you there's a there's a lot of
people doing a victory
laps um and people who worked for years
on certain things so is this not a big
victory for Riley gains imagine being
Riley gains she kind of risked
everything to just work on this issue
and she was really good at
it and here we are now it's not because
of any one person but she certainly was
leading the uh charge also JK
Rowling took tremendous
heat Victory lap time for the victory
laps and there there's a whole bunch of
people who have been toiling for years
on individual topics like
Dei and suddenly they're all winners you
know Robbie Starbuck and Christopher
rufo and people like me and we get a
Victory lap too so lots of Victory laps
lately I like
that well Wall Street Journal says the
government's trying to ban deep seek
deep seek would be the that less
expensive Chinese Ai and I guess it's an
app and now it's not going to be legal
if this passes it's just introduced as a
bill but if this passes then you can't
have that AI on a government computer
because they worry it will grab your
information and send it back to China
which it might now my first prediction
about deep seek is that it wouldn't be
as dangerous as you thought to American
AI companies because the government
would just tie it up in in legal
problems they'll just make it illegal
and and sure enough it's basically the
ticktock model they they start with
Banning it in the government because
that's maybe easiest but yeah they're
going to ban it I would be surprised if
it's still in the App Store in a
year um as you know the Army has uh
shattered records for recruitment since
the election of trump do you think
that's a
coincidence what would make
people want to join the military just
because Trump is president could it be
less likely to get into Wars that don't
matter that might be part of it could it
be just a rise and you know man you know
sort of male energy you know although
obviously a lot of women join the
service as well could it
be that joining the service has now
transformed from something like a thing
for gay people
to something like a lethal Force
protecting the
country because I got to say that my
entire impression of the military was
it's just a big lgbtq cheering thing
that occasionally gets into Wars we wish
we didn't have Trump fixed all of that
just by existing and being Trump so yeah
I don't think it's a coincidence that
people are signing up all of a
sudden probably not a coincidence
well laara Trump's going to join Fox
News one night a week on
Saturdays uh Saturday at 9:00 p.m.
eastern time now remember I always tell
you that Fox News is just better
produced you know that's one of those
things if you're not you know if you
haven't been around the media business a
lot as I have you're not going to notice
the difference in producers you you're
just going to say oh I like this show
better than that show and maybe you'll
think it's is the talent but the
producers have a lot to
do with the success and this is exactly
perfect yeah Laura Trump is exactly who
they should be giving a Saturday night
show to if she does well obviously
they'd look at maybe expanding that so
yeah it's once again Fox News in their
talent and production stuff they they
get a lot
right um Mitch McConnell fell down the
stairs
again uh you may have been a little bit
injured but uh nothing
life-threatening and my question is how
much do McConnell's uh peers hate him
that they would allow him to use
stairs there's no other way to get from
one place to another there's no
elevators they don't have any handicap
access to other
floors I would think there'd be an
elevator everywhere that McConnell goes
so who who just stood there and watched
him struggle on the stairs and said oh
that'll be
fine I mean it almost feels like they
hate him like they're just trying to
trying to steer him toward the stairs
more it's like well there's no term
limits but uh how would you like to go
upstairs and you know meet in the room
upstairs oh well I have to do my my
mccon
impression can I do a McConnell
impression I've never tried this
before hey Mitch why why you uh come
upstairs we'll meet in the conference
room upstairs third floor no no not the
elevator no no and the elevators for
idiots no no you're fine you're fine
just take the stairs
oh all right I think I nailed
it that probably would be the clip that
takes over the internet
today so yeah they hate him let's talk
about Trump and Gaza some more so most
of the complaints about Trump wanting to
own Gaza or the United States own it is
based on the opposite of what he said
so we're not going to spend money in
Gaza no he said we're not going to spend
any money we we're not going to put
those boots in the ground no we're not
going to put any boots on the ground
well
well but we're not going to spend any
money no we already covered that we're
not going to spend any money we're just
going to help organize the people who do
spend the money but those boots on the
ground again no boots on the ground no
money no spending
no boots on the
ground I don't know my problem is all
the spending in the boots on the ground
are you even listening to me no spending
no boots in the ground that that was
that was uh the spokesperson Caroline
Levy levit trying to answer questions
yes there'll be no expense but what
about all the expense I just said no
expense
so do we think this would work well let
me tell you what I love about
today I love the fact that when it
became clear let's see I guess Mike walz
National Security adviser Mike wal said
directly he said that Trump's proposal
to take over Gaza is meant to pressure
neighboring Arab states to come up with
their own
solution now most of you knew that
didn't you ju just think about how far
we've come
and I'm going to take a I'm going to
take a Victory lap on this one imagine
that Trump says something wildly
provocative like uh America should own
Gaza and we'll take care of it and then
your head explodes as mine did and then
after after the the explosion subsides I
think about it I go oh oh okay this is
just Trump he's just creating some
options out of nothing and he's shaking
the box and he's trying to get the other
people to hate him as the common enemy
so that they can come up with an idea
that does work instead of their dumb
ideas that don't work basically nobody
had any other idea if you think about it
nobody nobody not a single person that
had an actual real practical idea of
what to do so Trump comes up with his
you know
arguably impractical but maybe possible
idea and now they've got to they have to
fight with a real thing now they've got
to say uh uh uh we hate it yeah but
what's your idea well my idea is I hate
his idea no no what's your idea we're
all ears we we're we'll will'll abandon
Trump's idea in a heartbeat let's hear
your good
idea uh uh he's he his plan won't work
no again you're only talking about his
plan let's hear your idea the
alternative idea what are you going to
do Trump's
racist so that's sort of the way it's
been going but now now they've got
something they actually have to wrestle
with because like I always say he's not
bluffing it's persuasion but it's not a
bluff if if nobody comes up with a
better idea he's just going to say all
right we'll take it and you have to pay
for it and if you don't pay for it we'll
just own it and it'll just sit there we
don't care if it doesn't cost us any
money and we don't have any boots on the
ground we'll just let us sit there if if
you want to help us we'll organize that
make sure it gets cleaned up and ready
to
go I definitely don't want to see any
American forces cleaning up unexploded
unexploded bombs and toxic debris I
would like to see no Americans do that
that's the job for Israel if there's any
unexploded ordinance that's all Israel
you got to take care of that guys that's
all on you but uh here's what I like I
like that uh as soon as it became
clear that it became that it was more of
a negotiating you know just shake the
Box idea did you see the number of
people on social media who said I knew
it it's the first thing I thought that's
completely
new in 2016 if Trump said something like
this that we're going to own Gaza people
would have said well I told you he was
crazy I told you he was crazy he doesn't
have a single smart idea he has no
experience in government he doesn't know
how anything Works he's a clown he's
probably just wants to put his his
friends in charge of it so they can make
some money it's a
grift right that that's the way you
understood anything he said that was
provocative
but
today the entire at least the right
leaning news the left leaning news is
just propaganda but the right leaning
news and the right leaning social media
almost every single person said I know
what that is I know what that is that's
the thing he does that's where Trump
creates options out of nothing he's
doing it
again I feel like or at least AI says
that I'm the reason that people can see
Politics as
persuasion when before I got involved
people saw it as policy differences and
they would have treated this as a policy
difference wait a minute my policy would
be better than that but nobody sees this
as a policy they see it as pure
persuasion and I'm pretty sure that's me
I I think that's almost entirely me um
and not entirely me alone because if I
teach people to recognize it they teach
other people to recognize it they write
they write articles and other people
recognize it um so yeah so here are the
terms that we heard refer to it now this
is just random people on social media
random people writing articles a lot of
them used the phrase shake the
Box where's that come from I mean I
didn't I didn't invent the term shake
the box but to apply it to Trump's
persuasion that's kind of all
me what about 4 d
chess that's all me 2015 I described it
as 3D chess I think but it turned into
4D 10d that was all me how about uh
creating new options and a nothing
everybody recognized that's what he was
doing that's all me now when I say it's
all me I just mean I kind of introduced
that way of thinking about it you know
persuasion filter versus a policy filter
and and that apparently has been
effective enough that people have
adopted it as their primary point of
view and I'm really happy about that I I
don't think Trump could be president the
second time maybe not even the first
time without that understanding that's
the understanding everybody needed and
it turns out the whole right leaning
part of the world guess it like almost
everybody got that that was very
impressive well um speaking of
Gaza the uh you know that there was
since the 60s there's been a plan to
build a canal that would uh connect what
the Red Sea to the Mediterranean and it
would be a kind of a competitor to the
Suez Canal because Egypt controls access
to the Suz canal and there have been
times when they've closed access for
various geopolitical reasons and so it
would be a big money maker but also a
geopolitical advantage to have a second
canal and one of the thoughts going all
the way back to Ben guran one of the
founders you might even say the founder
of Israel um he wanted to build that
canal and he wanted to go sort of go
through Gaza so some people are saying
wait a minute the real plan is to build
the second canal and they need Gaza out
of the way to make that work well I
don't think that anything to do with
what happened and I also don't think
that Canal is ever going to get
built if if you look at what it takes to
build a canal I don't think the modern
world has that anymore we used to have
it but it to me it feels like uh
pyramids you know you imagine that you
live in a world where you know we could
build another Canal about we couldn't if
if there were no Panama Canal do you
think we could build that today no
too many people
died yeah it wouldn't get approved it's
on somebody else's land you know can't
just take their land there'd be all
kinds of reasons we couldn't do it we
might actually lose the ability to know
how to build a
canal just like somehow we don't know
how those big rocks moved on the
pyramids we're getting
Dumber but uh here's what I'd like to
see
um oh also there's some uh news about
the Panama Canal there's some fake news
today the fake news was from the Wall
Street Journal and it said that Panama
had agreed
to uh not charge American ships going
through the
canal uh Panama said uh that's not true
we've made no such agreement so if you
saw the news and you celebrated yay
Trump won our American ships get to go
through for free that sounds like just
something that's maybe still being
talked about out but it's not an
agreement uh maybe it won't be we'll see
but this brings me to my bigger question
do you know how many problems do you
know how many problems around the
world could be solved if we could build
canals like really easily build them you
know it's the hardest thing in the world
but if we could do it
easily it would be worth trillions of
dollars and I would like to extend the
thinking that we've been using recently
you know the thinking that says if
there's something that would be good to
happen but it's also basically
impossible then you ask Elon Musk to do
it and he has it done by lunchtime so
it's like ah too bad there's no way to
make an affordable economically
successful electric car well how about
if you do it oh okay thank you Tesla H
there's no way to reuse a rocket and be
able to affordably go to Mar oh okay it
looks like you can do that Elon thank
you so I guess we can we have a path to
Mars now if only there was some way to
connect remote people to the internet
but even though it's funded nobody got
oh starlink thank you thank you for that
problem uh too bad the government debt
is going to kill us and there's nothing
we can do oh thank you Doge apparently
doge is going to save us from certain do
and it was impossible
all of these things were
impossible so every time there's
something
impossible we've developed a habit of
going to the same guy so now we find out
that the computer systems used by the
government are like decades old and
falling apart and just a disaster so I
mean it would be impossible to fix all
of that in any time you know any kind of
quick timeline so apparently Elon Musk
has taken the task as F Doge to fix the
government computer systems that are
falling
apart so another impossible
job he gets another impossible job he's
like sure yeah no problem let me let me
do that impossible thing I'll have it
done by lunch so I'd like to extend this
concept of it if it would be valuable
and also impossible we should ask Elon
to do it so what we need is you know he
has that boring company where they bore
tunnels and they they engineered a
special machine that makes it really
inexpensive to dig a
tunnel I wonder if you could make a
canal building version of that like it
would be all different technology but
what if you built this
enormous maybe it's a swarm you know
maybe it's not one device but a swarm of
also very large devices that just Crush
through the land
I don't know what this is hold
on a
problem apparently I have to be signed
on to turn it off all right I'm getting
ready to throw my computer out the
window
oh God make that go oh no come on
please up God oh my
God if I had to listen to that one more
second anyway so we need a big Canal
building
machine that's what we need so I
listened to the whole K Harris CBS
interview with 60 minutes that's the one
that uh Trump is Trump is uh suing 60
Minutes for allegedly um improving Comm
Harris's answers and in the context of
an election that would look like
election interference because instead of
looking like
a um instead of
a what was I going to say uh instead of
looking like uh just regular editing it
looked like election interference
because it was in the context of
election but uh frog on Mars gave one
example I don't know how many examples
there are like nobody did a really good
job of showing what she did say versus
what they added it in I saw only one
example from frogs on Mars on X that
that she gave a 338 word
rambling answer that involved School
pictures and all kinds of stuff and I
think the question was about Trump's
comments about the Asian immigrants and
eating their pets or something like that
I think that was the issue but her her
answer was just as
long not quite word salad because it
made sense but it all seemed just
slightly off topic and like she was just
searching for a smart answer but never
found one and they they
replaced 338 words
with 29 words that came from a
completely different
answer
now the completely different answer was
not different from the 338 word answer
meaning that in both cases um she said
you know that's unacceptable or you know
that's wrong so she was basically just
saying Trump was wrong to say whatever
he did or do whatever he
did now here is the context TT do you
think the 60 Minutes changed that answer
to help her chances of winning the
election the answer is no they changed
your answer because it was unwatchable
TV they changed it for their own benefit
to make the show watchable it didn't
really change what her opinion was her
opinion was Trump said a bad thing and
that's what they put in there Trump said
a bad thing
but they didn't need a
338 word rambling eat up all the time so
they can't ask another question they had
to get rid of that but the question was
so important they needed to CCH keep the
question so here's what I know that you
don't
know the way 60 Minutes treated this is
normal completely
normal that is normal and you say to
yourself but it's like making a quote
that's normal if if they think they're
not changing the basics thrust of what
you said and they can tighten it up so
it's good for TV they will do that for
their own purposes so here's the problem
with the
lawsuit if CBS says we do this all the
time it's it's a common thing and we
don't do it just for the benefit of the
the person in the chair we do it because
our Watchers are viewers would not be
able to watch you know a train wreck so
we just make sure that they understand
what the candidate means and there is
clear and that we you know move to the
next question in a quick enough way so I
don't think that he can win a case it
could be that they'll settle because
they don't want to take a chance uh they
don't want to do the discovery and all
that so they might settle but I don't
think he could
win because um I'm not a lawyer but
seems to me that if CBS was doing what
everybody in that business does and
their reason was for their own benefit
and the benefit of the audience just to
make it shorter and
quicker I don't know I think their I
think their argument would be if it
helped her it was only accidental it
wasn't anything we planned so they they
would have definitely some Reasonable
Doubt there that's a mile mile wide now
this would be a civil case so
uh Reasonable Doubt isn't quite exactly
the right standard but you get the
point all right here's a complicated one
let's see if I can possibly summarize
this so Michael
shellenberger has been looking into the
whole us Aid and you know Doge's
penetration of it and everything we're
learning about who's getting the money
and how dirty that organization is the
the quick answer if you're new to this
is that the Doge Elon musks uh Doge
people have uh completely opened the
kimona on this part of the government
that had very big budget and was doing
only creepy things now creepy meaning
overthrowing other countries and maybe
overthrowing ours maybe allegedly and so
even though the on the surface it looked
like they were funding AIDS programs in
Africa and you know all kinds of things
so you'd say well you know I don't we
could discuss whether we should be
giving charity to other countries but
you can't argue that this would be a
good charity you know helping AIDS in
another country but it turns out that
100% of what it does is essentially
front
um let's say it's a front for some
bigger effort that's the CIA effort so
allegedly no matter what they're funding
whether it's AIDS or I know cleaning up
the water and some
that really that's just a trick to get
our Assets in place so that we can
overthrow the country or control it and
that's all it is everything else is fake
which doesn't mean that they don't do
good things because in order to stay in
the country they would probably have to
show that they helped with some AIDS and
you know cleaned up some water did
something they said they were going to
do but really it's not the purpose of it
the purpose of it is overthrowing
countries so now that you have that
context now the other thing that USA
does to disguise what it's doing is
there's this unlimited just it seems
like thousands I think I think it is
thousands of NOS non-government
organizations so they exist all over the
world and if USA gives one of them some
money for something that sounds good on
paper oh uh if we give you some money
you'll work on some climate stuff and
then that entity has money and then if
it gives it to somebody
else then maybe the only thing you would
see is oh and then this other company
gave it to clean up the water in this
place that needs some clean water and
you go oh that sounds good but really
the whole thing is a money laundering
situation to presumably Democrats are
taking some off the top wherever the
money moves and by the way it's 98%
Democrats it's just a
Democrat
um it's a money
laundering asset that the Democrats use
and also the Deep state so now that you
know that it's this vast network of
connected things for the purpose for the
purpose of laundering money for the
purpose of overthrowing other
countries right so you need to know it's
100% fake now this is the Mike Ben's
explanation so I'm I'm borrowing this
this is not my personal opinion except
that Ben makes such a good argument and
has such good receipts that if he says
it and he shows you his
work I'm kind of on that page right
because he his credibility is through
the roof and he shows his work just with
public stuff so here's what Michael
shellenberger who writes uh for public
it's a subscription news related site
that is
amazing um I'll read some of this he
goes now the evidence suggests
uh talking about us Aid that us Aid
along with CIA were behind the
2019 impeachment of
trump
what wait
what that
USA and the CIA were behind the 2019
impeachment of trump that's the one
where they said Trump said some things
to zinsky on the phone and he should be
impeached for it now how could you
possibly know that these entities were
involved in that well here's
how the part you probably already knew
is that the Whistleblower who came
forward and said oh Trump uh said he
wanted to send Rudy Giuliani to
investigate Joe Biden and Hunter
Biden um that was a CIA analyst who was
left over in the White House from the
Obama days so The Whistleblower was CIA
now you might say Oh you mean
xcia
no I don't think there's any such thing
as X CIA I mean not really is
there so the first thing we know is that
that CIA analyst that's kind of
suspicious said that said something
happened and according to dropsite
news uh last year they revealed that the
CI analyst relied on oh he didn't hear
it
himself oh oh I'm not sure I knew that
before but he didn't hear it himself he
relied on
reporting all right so the reporting
that he relied on that's the CIA analyst
um SL whistleblower he relied on some
organization in the government oh okay
government organization called the
organized crime and Corruption reporting
project or
occrp I didn't even know that existed
now who are they ever hear of them I've
never heard of them before huh I wonder
what we could learn about that
organization so it's an American
government or NGO or
something
um but apparently it's fully controlled
by us
Aid wait a minute so us Aid The Entity
that is primarily involved in
overthrowing other countries
and one of the tools that we know
they've
used is this very same thing this
organized crime and Corruption reporting
project and that when USA has used them
in the past why did they use them in the
past well
allegedly uh it was in the service of
overthrowing five or six foreign
regimes
what so in other words the CIA usaid and
then this entity the
occrp were all involved in the
impeachment of President Trump in ways
similar to the regime change operations
that all three organizations engage in
abroad the three of them are supposed to
be exterior facing entities and their
job is to overthrow other countries the
same entities using the same method
which is somebody reported something but
the report was fake and then you use
your fake news assets to act like it was
true and it's the most important thing
that ever happened that's what happened
every part of what we do to overthrow
other countries successfully was used
against Trump I think multiple times so
this in this particular case it was for
the impeachment you knew that
impeachment was complete fake right from
from the first I think we all knew wait
a minute that's just fake you're just
making stuff up there's no way he said
that and whatever he said was certainly
legal he had every right to ask about it
and and especially now now that we know
the depth of the Biden crime
family Trump asking zalinsky to look
into
it would never have worked because
zinsky is fully owned by the CIA it
never would have worked but was
perfectly appropriate ask for it and he
got impeached for that H now as
shellenberger points out the difference
between the CIA usaid and ocp working
together to overthrow a foreign
country it's illegal to do it in the
US and it's not just a little bit
illegal it's the most illegal thing you
could possibly
do short of I don't know being a serial
killer or something what would be more
illegal than overthrowing your
democratically elected president nothing
nothing this would be like uh you know
assassinating Kennedy or
something
allegedly all
right
so do does that story check with you
yeah I feel like the Doge penetration of
usaid is the Rosetta Stone that allows
us to finally see everything we
suspected so I certainly knew that um
there was a
conspiracy
to um to impeach Trump I obviously knew
that it was organized it was obvious
that the media was completely complicit
it was obvious that The
Whistleblower had some agenda but I
couldn't quite connect all the dots and
now we have it's all connected it was
the exact same tools and the exact same
technique that they use on other
countries but what they counted on is
that Americans are not aware of these
tools and they're not aware of how
they're
used and Doge just changed that now
we're aware of the tools and well and
Mike Ben changed it even before Doge now
we're aware of the tools we can actually
watch the flow of money and it
apparently is just a gigantic um
laundering money laundering thing for
Democrats so it seems to be just feeding
people money in a variety of illicit
ways and trying to overthrow countries
including our
own so yeah the Democrats who say we've
got to keep that USA ID they either have
no idea idea what it really is or they
don't
care which is worse I don't know which
is worse actually I think not caring
would be
worse well meanwhile Pam Bondi who's uh
only one day in the job attorney
general um she's got some directives
already she's going to fight the
weaponization of Justice huh how about
the weaponization of impeachment and
it's not really the justice system per
se
but it kind of is similar maybe they
should look into that uh she wants to
eliminate the cartels and lift the death
penalty ban for just certain types of
things so that's good and she's going to
be looking into uh Alvin Bragg's uh hush
money case and also Jack Smith I think
so yes Alvin Bragg in my opinion was
clearly an
you know clearly an illegitimate lawfare
situation all right here's my question
for
lawyers is it not obvious already that
there's a RICO problem going on here and
what would it take to trigger it into a
RICO you know maybe you don't need to
but um some of the things people said as
well Scott everything usaid did was
legal to which I say yeah technically
you maybe they're allowed to give money
to anybody they want and it's not
illegal but if their intention is to
give it to entities that will give it
back to somebody you know like a
kickback or to subvert you know an
American
election
well uh that seems to me kind of
coordinated and Rico when when if you
just look at if the only thing you
looked at was the 2019 impeachment case
you could see the coordination the
coordination is all over that obviously
the media was part of it and remember I
I used to say that I couldn't understand
why the media wouldn't debunk all the
hoaxes you know like the drinking bleach
oax and the find people Oaks and I would
say how can you not debunk the things
that can be debunked just by your own
video that you own you would just have
to look at the whole video instead of
the edited one you could debunk the
whole thing it's the biggest story in
the country both of them were at one
point and never not not years later not
at any point did they debunk those
things and here's the
reason they always knew that they
weren't
true they were
obviously part of a criminal conspiracy
because if you don't have the media on
your side then all of your other
weaseling gets uncovered so controlling
the media is step one I mean you can't
do the other weasel stuff unless you
control the
media all
right um so we'll
see maybe you need a specific leader to
make it at Rico I don't know um so now a
dozen states according to daily Coler
news Foundation a dozen states are
looking into um whether or not there's
some charges they can put on Anthony
fouchy because the federal charges
wait who said that oh no Andrew Tate
just weighed in the entire G the entire
case against me was funded via usaid to
remove my influence from the internet I
have the
paperwork oh man I'll bet it I'll bet
that's true now remember it's Andrew
Tate so you know don't get too
enthusiastic about the ver of it let's
just put it that way but if he does have
the
paperwork and he can show that his his
specific case was funded by the usad
then that would mean that the reason for
it was to remove his
influence um I've always assumed that's
what it was I didn't know about the
usaid but I always assumed that some
deep part of the American government is
what closed them down maybe working with
you know know five eyes you know other
countries Great Britain would want to
close them down as well but uh I don't
want to run and embrace that as true
because it's just a thing Andrew Tate is
saying on
X but
uh if I had to place a bat I'll bet he
does have the receipts we'll see it
would be a bold thing to say if you
couldn't prove it now that's
interesting
so anyway so the states are looking to
see if there are any charges they can
put on fouchi I am completely against
this I'm completely against it the way I
read the story is the states have ganged
up they started with the person and now
they're looking for the
crime they started with the person and
they're checking with all the other
states hey do you see a crime do you see
a crime got any crimes we can go after
him for no no no
no no no no no no no no no no no you
can't start with a person and then look
for a crime that's not going to fly you
know don't make me don't make me support
Anthony fouchy all right because some
some NPC is going to say oh you defended
Anthony fouchy because you like you like
you like vaccinations it will kill you
no I don't like what fouchy did yes I
believe he probably violated some crimes
I don't know which ones but probably but
he's got a pardon from the federal
government if these states don't have
obvious crimes that are sort of right in
front of them you don't get to go
looking for a that's too far that's
too
far so you know we'll see if see what
they come up with but you can't have Pam
Bondi trying to stop law where all 12 of
our states are engaged in it publicly
that would be law fair that's what it is
when you start with a person and and
then look for a crime oh we can find
some crime here no totally messed up I
don't want to have my name associated
with anybody who would do anything like
that so you better you better do better
this is this is not up to the standard
this is not up to the current standard
of the United States it is up to the
standard of what we just got rid of we
just canned this the reason we
shitan Biden was this kind of stuff
don't shitan Biden and then start being
Biden so unless there's something I'm
missing about this story this is a hard
no absolutely not don't don't
make
me look like a some Biden guy just
because I'm supporting Trump you know or
supporting the Republicans in this
case so checking in with the D Democrats
and their messaging uh they've decided
to go with Joy Reed said musk is a
private citizen trying to take over the
government and let's see what did uh
Jens saki said uh she said uh it's a
hostile takeover of governent there's no
other way to describe
it really there there's no other way to
describe it I'm going to use
that that's the argument for people who
don't know how anything works you can
use it for
everything you see this in my hand it's
a porcupine shut up there's no other way
to describe it no it's not a pen there's
only one way to describe it it's a
porcupine what the hell what kind of
dumb asses listen to there's no other
way to describe it uh let me see if I
can dig deep into my creative creative
powers to find some other way to
describe it oh how about putting a
capable team in charge of auditing our
expenses how about the uh legally
elected president of the United States
gets to pick his staff and tell them
what to do oh amazing Jen did you see
that look at that you said there was no
other way to describe it and yet I found
a couple it turns out there there's more
than one way to describe it but I'm
going to start using that you know that
excuse that there's only one way to
describe it it just sounds so up
that I kind of like it because it's so
absurd anyway um Harry enton who's the
data guy at CNN says that only 39% of
the public support musk having a key
role in the
administration well this has a more to
do with how the question is
asked um yeah so key
rooll if you thought key rooll means
that he gets to make
decisions that's not what's happening
both musk and and Trump are very clear
they both say it publicly and as often
as you want to that Trump's in
charge Trump can hire anybody as his
chief of staff do you know who else is
Not Elected the chief of staff so who's
bitching about that is anybody bitching
about his chief of staff oh wait Susie
WS she's she's just an unelected person
who's got a key role in the
administration she's got a key
role yeah she does the do you know how
important the chief of staff is the
chief of staff is damn near as important
as the president you just don't realize
it cuz it's behind the scenes but the
chief of staff even you decides who gets
to see Trump and how much time they
spend with him and what he pays
attention to and and then solves
problems for him Susie WS is probably
you know in in the same category of Elon
Musk in the sense that they're very
capable but they're not elected they
just work for
Trump so now I I act like I act like
it's an argument
and that the the dumb people have the
wrong argument and if I only if I only
present the correct argument every
everybody will correct no it's obvious
they're just lying and making up stuff
and that they're part
of presumably part of the deep State you
know bad part of the
world all right well what is Doge doing
now they're they're getting into the
Medicare and Medicaid systems
so um one of the things that mus teased
on X is that there there might be
enormous fraud in our Medicare and
Medicaid systems now the fraud would be
people making claims that are fake
claims
so I have this
hypothesis that the amount of government
fraud not necessarily by the government
but by people stealing from the
government with fake claims for
everything from from the pandemic to you
name it um I've got a feeling that the
fraud if you eliminated it would balance
the entire budget like actually
literally because when we talk about
things like oh we're never going to cut
the
military well what if we only cut the
fraud oh we're never going to cut uh
Medicare but what if we only cut the
fraud oh we're never going to cut
welfare
what if we only cut the
fraud oh we're never going to cut Social
Security well we could probably fix
Social Security I I don't know that
Social Security is a fraud it might be
but that would be harder to do I guess
um no it probably isn't hard to do there
probably are I'll bet there a bunch of
dead people collecting Social Security
yeah so up bet if you just got rid of
the fraud which would be impossible
you're not going to get rid of all of it
um how about you can balance the budget
that's how big it is and I never would
have said that until I saw just how bad
the the problem is after Doge got going
now I believe that the fraud could be
large enough that it's the entire
deficit uh now we're learning this is
also from daily color news Foundation
that uh Biden
Administration was giving money to uh
terrorists
um or people who who help the terrorists
now it it's allegedly $1.3 billion that
the Biden Administration collectively
gave to things that are more like
terrorists and enemies than they are
like people we should be helping but
most of that a billion of it uh went to
one group the uh United Nations relief
and works agency uh unua
uh which uh claimed it was helping the
the poor
Palestinians um but it turns out that
10% of the workers were actually the the
Hamas so a thousand of them a thousand
of the employees were just Hamas or
Hamas backers or Hamas oriented so uh
even Biden shut that down but that tells
you how bad it
is all right so
let me see let's see if I can connect
the dots uh Jen saki supported
Biden Biden funded people who support
terrorists connect the
dots that would make Jens saki a
terrorist you know there's no other way
to describe
it see how that works there's just no
other way to describe it no there is
another way to describe it but if you
say there's no other way to describe it
apparently that works on MSNBC no other
way
um so Elon Musk is posting a few minutes
ago that the treasury officials are
breaking the law every day by approving
payments that are fraudulent or do not
match the funding laws passed by
Congress H I'll bet that's
true all right what else uh did you know
the Politico so this one's a fake News
Real News fake News Real News here's why
it never pays to have one person on a
podcast so if you had one person on a
podcast you'd say hey uh we just found
out the usaid gave $8 million to
Politico and Politico often says bad
things about Trump so really is that the
reason that you're funding Politico and
then the one guest would say oh no you
got that story wrong
no no you're thinking of Politico the
publication this also went to Politico
but Politico has a separate division
that does some professional thing with
data and and what the people are buying
is that that professional data service
it's not about the publication
Politico and then you're on a podcast
and there's only one guest and that one
guest calls the news fake news and then
you're done right and that's the last
you'll hear about it that's why the
worst way to find out what's true is one
person on the podcast talking to a host
who doesn't know what question to ask
here's the next
question do those entities report to the
same the same um
structure if they
do this is how you launder
money if if you wanted to give money to
influence the publication part of it you
wouldn't give it to him directly because
then it would be a paper trail of you
bribing a a new source so instead you
say huh you have this other line of
business over here very interesting yeah
it's very expensive but we'd like to buy
as much of it as you can give us so
we'll give you we'll give you we'd like
to buy $8 million of it now how much
extra did do you think uh Politico had
to spend to satis y this this new
request for $8 million worth of this
service probably nothing because it
sounds like a service that just existed
and they could just say oh now you're
subscribing so probably they just had to
enter the government pass the government
emails or passwords and then they had
access
so it could be that the government or
the usaid really needed that data
but I don't think so it seems far more
likely that that's just the ordinary way
that you bribe somebody you you don't
bribe the
person you fund the startup for the
person's
brother-in-law you don't fund the
person you fund the thing that the
person was going to spend money on but
now they don't have to you don't fund
the
person you hire the relative who
couldn't get a job for a no show job so
the most typical way that you bribe
people is not by giving them money but
giving money to something that will
benefit them in a in a second you know
indirect
way all right um so and by the way I
don't know that Politico has one entity
and they both connect to it but that's
what you should be asking so if we if we
don't know that then we don't know the
story and so I guess I would say I don't
know the story
all let's see what I'm seeing something
according to the financial times half of
politico's 200 million Revenue comes
from its Pro subscription business which
capitalizes on the US lobbying industry
so it's something lobbyists pay for now
if it's something lobbyists pay for why
would usaid need to pay for
it
um it's described as Bloomberg for
politics so it's basically basically
data that lobbyists would like such as
what's the name of the person in charge
of this thing who's voting for this
thing it sells data directories and
detailed coverage of the legislative and
policymaking process for as much as
$10,000 a
pop now how many of those subscriptions
do you think usaid needed to buy and
why is the government figuring out ways
to Lobby the government the government
is the
government they have to they have to buy
an external source to find out who to
talk to in the
government all
right um Google is allegedly uh ending
their their uh
Dei but I saw a little little Nuance to
that so it might be they're ending some
kind of affirmative action goals but
maybe not completely getting rid of the
letters Dei but it's moving in the right
direction and Robbie Starbucks talking
about this I don't know that he targeted
Google yet but uh I think you'll see
companies not want to get targeted
because it's very bad for business um so
you should be seeing companies trying to
get ahead of it and I think that's maybe
what this is but the NFL um is sticking
with Dei and they're sticking with it
hard because the NFL wants to end
discrimination
finally I'm glad the NFL wants to end
discrimination because this uh this
spring I plan to try out for a
quarterback position on one of the NFL
teams um I pick quarterback because I I
think that position pays the most
usually so I want the good position and
uh you know it wasn't long ago I would
have worried about
agism like if I showed up they would
just say are you serious um no you you
should probably be in your late teens or
maybe early 20s and I would say um I'm
sorry I thought you were in favor of
Dei well yeah yeah but we were thinking
more like you know black
people and I would say correct me if I'm
wrong but I'm the only white person here
oh no there's one there's one oh no
that's a coach um there's one okay that
seems to be a reporter okay but I'm sure
there's some white people
here and then I'd say but but but you
should not be
aist I need some I need some you know
Dei please give me some
Dei and then they say but you know
you're
also kind of
small and I would say
oh oh oh I see where you're going you
 so now it's about how tall
I am so you don't like the little people
what what do you call me behind my back
I think I'm going to sue you so agism sh
ISM uh you you guys are like a ball of
worms you're a ball of worms of racism
and discrimination and
bigotry and I'd say are you
discriminating against me because I'm
heterosexual no that's stupid why would
we discriminate you against you for
being heterosexual and then I'd say I'm
trans and they'd say
what yeah I'm trans can you prove it no
I don't have
to I mean how would I prove it take my
pants off no no I'm trans and then
they'd
say all right you can stay for the
workout and then I'd be a
quarterback because they're not going to
judge me on skill
I you know in the old
days my lack of skill would have really
held me back but now now that they are
going for the the biggest possible net
and uh they want to make sure that
they've got people from all walks of
life represented in the NFL a good goal
by the way I I I like every bit of that
um now they probably should just ignore
my complete lack of
talent and uh
it's good that the NFL is holding tight
on
Dei well Stephen A Smith is considering
running for president as a Democrat
because he's sure he could beat all the
clowns that are being talked about and
uh he's not serious
yet
but his name will probably get thrown in
there because Democrats fail to
learn the there's nothing better than
watching Democrats not be able to learn
because they watch Trump and they can't
figure out what he's doing like why you
making that work so they say to
themselves stuff like I got it I got it
we need an Entertainer we'll get a TV
guy yeah yeah yeah we'll get a TV guy
who talks good on TV because that's what
Trump has if we can match the TV guy
skills then we're in good
shape
wrong wrong
what what Trump has is a skill stack
that we've never
seen yes he has a TV experience yes he
can persuade like nobody's business yes
he's been involved in dozens or hundreds
of different businesses so he seen every
business model in the world by the way
here's a little side note when when I
visited Trump in the Oval Office in
2018 uh and I told you before how he was
interested in me like he actually asked
penetrating questions about uh the
cartoon business so in five minutes I
described to him the nature of the
cartoon business and how syndication
works and things like that and when I
was done in five minutes he had added to
his talent
stack just because he asked the right
question he asked exactly the right
questions so he understood how that
business model of cartooning Works Boop
add it to the model he he adds knowledge
to his model like a vacuum cleaner I
mean he's just sucking up how's this
work how's this work how do you do that
wh why do that work why do this work
what what's what's the mechanism all day
long he's just getting smarter and
smarter you put him in the room with
Stephen A Smith they would both talk
really well but one of them wouldn't
know a thing Stephen A
Smith he's probably great at what he
does
like he has a real good personality for
what he does and he might know you know
tons about sports and things I'm sure I
mean obviously but he is no Trump and if
they think they can just get a smooth
talker with bonus he's black if they
think that's going to be good enough
they're really not paying attention
they're not paying attention at all it
would just look like a Dei hire even
though he's clearly very talented so uh
let me be clear Stephen A Smith would
not be a Dei hire like he would be based
on his his skill if they picked them but
his
skill is just very good for a normal
person it's not in Trump's level you
know it's a different zip code he's
miles away from
that meanwhile the prime minister of
Denmark says that Denmark is open to the
idea of increasing US military presence
in Greenland this is according to
article in human
events and do you remember what I
predicted my prediction was that by
starting out saying we want to take
Greenland and we want to own it um for
security reasons that Denmark would
eventually say
well we we can't say that we can't just
give away our you know the biggest part
of of our real estate um but maybe you
know maybe we can let you bring your
military in so now they're saying
directly yes uh the us could increase
its military
presence now what would Stephen A Smith
say to that if you were
president I think he would say excellent
that's that's what we wanted we we
wanted to get have a military presence
there we don't really need to make a
country can of it that'd be a lot of
work so yeah thank you we'll we'll take
that offer and we'll increase our
military everything's good what would
Trump say to the offer of increasing our
military in
Greenland well I'll tell you what he'd
say
yeah uh you know I think we're going to
increase our military in Greenland under
every
scenario so that's not an
offer because I told you we're going to
increase our military in Greenland so
you telling me that we're going to
increase our military in Greenland is is
just you telling me what I told you what
else you
got are you going to pay for it if we're
going to guard your country now
obviously it's good for everybody in the
region but if we're going to guard your
country we're not doing that for
free so we're either going to own
it or you're going to pay for it you're
going to pay for the defense cuz if you
can't do it yourself and you've already
admitted it's necessary see this is the
key Denmark is not arguing they're not
arguing the Strategic necessity of
increasing the military in Greenland
they're not arguing it so once they've
agreed on that the question is how and
the only two ways to do it are you pay
for our military or we own your Island
which one do you want see do you see the
difference and ordinary person even a
very high
quality functioning smart person and
Stephen A Smith is all of that he's high
he's high quality high functioning very
capable not even close to Trump's level
not even close there's no way that he
would have known that's the beginning of
the
negotiations because it looks like it's
the end it's like oh that's what we
wanted so now I can't read mines so it's
it's always unfair to say was somebody
would or would not do if it's if it's
not you so I'm a little unfair there but
I'm doing it to make make the larger
point so it might not actually apply to
this specific situation but the larger
point is that Trump just operates at a
different level and that's the part we
want the part we want is this X Factor
the thing nobody else can do you know
like like shaking the Box on Gaza do you
think that Stephen A Smith would have
come up with the idea of well maybe
America should just own it but not spend
any money and not put any boots in the
ground nobody would have done that
there's
nobody you you have to not only have the
mind to come up with it but you've got
to have the balls to take the heat when
everybody flips out that's not normal
that's the X Factor that's what Trump
has um I see that uh it looks like like
Elon Musk has just agreed with me on X
two minutes ago somebody just sent it to
me so my post was I said uh Democrats
are terrified of Doge and musk because
they have never witnessed this degree of
competence it looks alien to them I mean
that literally people with experience
see in Doge a process that is
necessarily messy but 100% On Target in
terms of speed talent and
energy and and must just said
exactly
yeah so once you see that frame you
can't unsee it here's what we don't
see um Democrats with extensive business
experience which do exist let's say
Jamie Diamond Jamie Diamond I trust him
don't don't you I think Jamie Diamond is
a nice
Centrist I think he's a Democrat
um do you think that Jamie diamond is
going to say oh everything doge is doing
is a big chaotic
mistake no no if you asked him or any
other Democrat with extensive business
experience they would say this is what
competence looks like hiring the best
people at any age that's what must did
best people at any age didn't care about
their their skin color didn't care about
their gender just best people any age
any color
puts them on a you know like this
incredible March toward this bigger this
bigger goal which is saving the whole
country literally I mean they are saving
the country if they do this right and
it's got to be fast it's got to be
dizzying fast it's got to break a lot of
dishes and then
later you can clean up the
dishes but if you're bitching about some
dishes getting broken you're not
experienced this is a dish breaking
process and if you don't see dishes just
breaking like crazy it means nothing's
happening it means the process is
stalled somehow every time a dish breaks
you should say to yourself an angel got
its wings okay I wasn't going to go
there but it was just sort of right
there uh no the the the more bitching
you hear the more they say it's chaos
the more they say he's an unelected
dictator trying to take over the world
the more that happens the more On Target
it is he's got the energy the talent the
targeting he's going exactly in the
right places and he's just he's just
effing things up in a good way the way
you
should so yeah that's purely an
experience
issue well here's some good news that
you've heard before scientists in South
Korea found a way to uh reverse cancer
with a molecular switch H let's see have
we ever heard that South Korea has found
a way to cure cancer checking notes
checking notes once a day once a day uh
I think I was maybe in my early 20s and
I was a big news reader back then too
and I would say to myself my God here's
a story about somebody who found a cure
for cancer like finally you know the the
long the long uh wait is over and then
you'd never hear about that story again
but the next day there' be another story
about other researchers who found a cure
for cancer and I'd say well now we got
two cures for cancer and then the next
day the next day the and it never
stopped so for 40 years I've
been reading stories about cures for
cancer none of them are
real I I I think the ones I don't hear
about maybe maybe those are the ones
that you know end up curing a specific
cancer or maybe you know they can help
in a little bit in a in a real way
but um I am so tired of cancer
skewer oh but wait there's
more
um there's a let's see I think there's
another cure for cancer oh no here's
some other stuff um there is now this is
cool did you know that 50% of men by the
time they reach 75 have a
hernia so it's basically just a little
bulge and you know part of your body
just below your Belt Line and so I I
have one of those I have an untreated
hernia if you're wondering why it's
untreated allow me to explain a
conversation with my surgeon who would
would have been the surgeon to do the
surgery if I had chosen surgery so I
could have it's just one of the choices
but the surgery doesn't work every time
and sometimes it gives you permanent
pain for the rest of your life and then
it can never be fixed after that so a
10% chance of permanent
pain so the uh the surgeon is explaining
my
risks and you know you you know me well
enough to know that I was barely letting
them complete a sentence and he'd start
talking I'd say okay but what's the risk
of this okay he'd answer that and then
he started talking I'd say all right but
if I do this this would be the outcome
the likely outcome you know these are
the odds and about halfway through he
stops me and he goes what do you do for
a
living and the reason he asked is is
apparently he has a tough time
explaining the odds to
normies but the fact that I was ahead of
it him in in knowing you know what the
risk reward is he he wanted to stop
because it's like are you a doctor or
something or he was trying to figure out
why I was understanding the field as
quickly as I was and all I was doing was
asking him the risks so you know what's
the risk if you get the thing well 10%
chance you'd be unhappy what's the risk
if you don't get it well uh there's some
chance you know you'll be rushed to the
hospital in the future because it it
work persons but probably won't die
right no but you might be rushed to the
hospital and might be painful and then
they would operate SO waiting until it
hurts all the time or it's you know too
painful to keep going that would be the
time you get the surgery because if
you're 100% unhappy because it just
hurts all the time well then a 90%
chance of fixing it it's a good deal but
if it doesn't hurt all the time you've
got a 10% chance of entering World in
which it will hurt all the time so you
put it off so I put it
off and my surgeon was completely happy
that I understood the odds enough to
make that choice now it does hurt it
hurts every day but not all the time
usually if I've just exercised or
something so I have to be careful with
it but here's the news there's a uh and
the reason I'm talking about this really
specific thing is that it's 50% of all
matter
this is a gigantic thing for men how
many of you have one it's a specifically
it's a in inguinal hernia in the
comments tell me how many of you have an
inguinal
hernia it's going to be about half of
you
um anyway so there's a new technique for
getting rid of it without surgery now
this one's a stretch but apparently
according to to science
mag um there's now some research that if
they block the estrogen receptor Alpha
esr1 in the connective tissues around
that
hernia it can
heal so what happens is there's a
weakness in the muscle wall that's
holding basically holding everything
together and so the weakness causes the
little bulge so apparently they can just
turn off this receptor
and the tissue around it will heal and
it will build back the strong wall and
you don't have to have any surgery and
probably wouldn't even hurt now they've
already made it work on a
mouse which isn't good enough of course
but then they've also done it on human
tissue now not in a human but they've
done it on human tissue and it worked
apparently it works really well like
surprising well so you know they'd have
to do a lot of testing before it's real
but we might be
few years away from going in for a
simple procedure where they stick some
needles into you and just inject this
stuff and two weeks later your your your
thing is gone maybe there's a new
breakthrough in uh uh lithium ion
batteries in South
Korea I tell you this every
day yep every day I tell you South Korea
has a new breakthrough in batteries so
you don't need to know the details but
here's a cool one um according to the
debrief there's a clean energy
breakthrough where they create these
tiny copper Nano flowers that can
convert CO2 in the air uh into valuable
hydrocarbons with no
pollution think about that they figured
out how to take the CO2 out of the air
without without using a lot of energy I
I I think it might even be passive it
might be just the CO2 that hits the
flower yeah I think it is so they're not
they're not even sucking the CO2 out
they're just putting this flour there
now they're calling it a flow but it's
you know copper wires and stuff uh but
it's a mimicking
nature and they uh it mimics the
photosynthesis so it turns a carbon
dioxide into a fuel source specifically
what kind of fuel uh into complex
molecules such as uh ethane and ethylene
which are key components in fuels and
plastic
production now the question I ask if
this is real and uh University of
California Berkeley and University of
Cambridge say it is they say it's real
that it's not a theory they built it so
they don't have to wonder if it works
they built it it works
so what if we all got
one you know what what if it what if
they just turn it into a I don't know a
desktop thing you can plug in and it
just takes CO2 out of the air and turns
it into something you could sell or
turns it into 3D printer material I
always like
that it could be it could be the end of
any problems about CO2 now may I jump in
and say don't take my plant food stop
taking all my CO2 my plants are going to
die well before that
happens at least we can get rid of the
climate
hysteria so when I talk about removing
CO2 from the air I'm usually talking
about removing the climate hysteria from
the air I'm not really talking about CO2
but if we had a way to get rid of it as
scale we would know pretty quickly if it
made any difference and I think we could
I think we'd be smart enough to stop
before all our plants died from not
having enough CO2 I'd like to think we
would but it would be dangerous if you
could take the CO2 out of the air and
turn it into commercial products because
then people are going to keep sucking on
it until it's all gone all right that's
all I got for today ladies and gentlemen
I'm going to say a few words privately
to the locals
subscribers these special and sexy local
subscribers and the rest of you thanks
for joining on X and Rumble and YouTube
we'll see you tomorrow same time same
place
e
e
e e