mmm bum-bum-bum-bum-bum hey everybody
come on in here yeah in the ear come on
gather round
grab your beverage because even though
it's a rainy day here in California it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams it's
time for you to get in here and grab
your mug grab your cup your stein your
vessel you're jealous your thermos if
you will fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the simultaneous sip oh yeah that's the
good stuff so I hope that many of you
saw my periscope from yesterday
afternoon in which I talk to you at
navall rava Conte and I used the new
periscope feature where you can add the
guests and so we talked for an hour and
a half and it's probably no definitely
the most interesting 90 minutes I've
ever spent in my life it was it was so
much fun oh darn it appears that I'm
still in guest mode now when you're in
guest mode it doesn't give a
notification to Twitter automatically so
I didn't notice that I was starting this
in guest notice so there will be fewer
people here today because they will not
be getting their notifications or
something like that but anyway the talk
would neva Lewton of all yesterday was
so good that I listened to it as a just
as an audience member after it was done
so after an hour and a half of talking
to him live an hour later I played the
entire hour and a half again for my own
entertainment I was great all the way
through so if you don't watch anything
else this year
watch that you might have to go to my
periscope to see it too or it actually I
tweeted it so it's on my Twitter feed
down alright let's talk about a few
things in the news so apparently and
this just blows my mind
but the president's ex-lawyer doubt on
an interview yesterday said that he
doesn't think Muller will reproduce a
report to which I said what and he said
literally there may be no report he
might just say ok I'm done and that's it
cuz if there's nothing illegal nothing
to follow up on no need for a report
because apparently the law does not
require a report think about that the
law doesn't require a report so
according to somebody who's close to it
and who has seen a lot of the evidence
and has a good idea that nothing's gonna
come out of it and says he doesn't think
there will be a report
it's totally mind-blowing how in the
world did we get to February 13 2019
and for the first time we're hearing you
know that Muller report yeah maybe not
mm-hmm you know there's no reason he has
to give a report he might give a report
maybe you won't that was just
mind-blowing that we got all the way
here and it's the first time we're
hearing that so it is looking more and
more certain that the Muller Russia
collusion thing will be a big none as I
and most of you predicted all right
let's talk about the wall funding so the
wall Committee which spit in the face of
the United the voters and there's just
no other way to put it
the the committee that worked on the
wall funding absolutely disrespected the
voters by producing nothing that shows
what the experts said and I'm
comparative to what they decided to do
without that they didn't do anything
they didn't do anything you can respect
they didn't do anything you should back
they didn't do anything that's a good
job and they all deserve to lose their
jobs so they should all be voted out
both Republicans and Democrats this big
war waste of time no I don't think
that'll happen but I'm just saying that
they they have let us down completely
the this this is a complete failure as
you could even imagine you couldn't even
draw it up on paper as more of a
complete failure and what and what I
mean by that is that they had experts
they have experts and they're trying to
figure out what to do that makes sense
and if they're not showing the public
here's what the experts say here's what
we're gonna do and why it's different if
it's different they've done nothing
complete waste of time
now there's some thought that the
president might sign it anyway and
here's the funny part here's the funny
part about all this and I think this is
gonna be maybe hilarious funny doesn't
even cover it this might be hilarious
and here's why so the the way we've been
thinking up until now literally until
today we've been thinking that either
this committee will give Trump his money
or the other plan as the Trump would do
something unilaterally and apparently
there are several ways he can do that
one of those ways is a declaring an
emergency
totally within his powers totally normal
that something presidents do all the
time and would totally take care of
things you know there's always going to
be a legal challenge but it appears
fairly straightforward that you could do
that and then there are a couple other
budgets that he has access to as well
now
is that what we got did we get a binary
situation in which either the plan is
approved with way less money than he
asked for or he does an emergency
declaration nope
it's way better than that it turns out
and I'm not making this up I'm pretty
sure this is true you can sign the bill
take the money they gave him and then
declare an emergency - and have both
there's nothing that stops them there's
nothing there's there's no prohibition
there's no law I don't think there's any
legal obstacle whatsoever he can take
all of their money which is way less
than they asked for start building say
these guys are idiots I don't respect
their output I don't agree with it it's
not best for the country but I'll take
their money why wouldn't I take their
money why would you not take their money
that wouldn't make sense take the money
and then do what you got to do so it's
the funniest outcome I had for some
reason I don't know why this never
occurred to me and I think it has to do
with the way the news coverage tries to
make everything a team sport you know
that there's no such thing as you know
partly winning or you know coming
together it's always who won who wins
who loses but I think that he can take
the W and still and still win I mean I
can take the L you know he can lose on
the negotiations and still win if he
wants to we'll see if that if it goes
that way now the other funny part about
that is apparently El Chapo got
convicted I assume there's some money
that gets confiscated from El Chapo I
don't know do we have it already or we
can get it not sure how that works but
in general what would keep the president
from going after the cartels and their
money and just using it to build the
wall because that wouldn't be making
Mexico pay for the wall so even if you
know
most of the money doesn't come from El
Chapo I keep hearing this 14 billion
dollars that El Chapo has but I don't
imagine we can get our hands on it you
know I don't imagine that we can just
you know subpoena his money or whatever
the hell lawyers do but there's probably
a whole bunch of other cartel people who
have a whole bunch of other money and
we're probably seizing that money on a
regular basis it would be hilarious to
just say alright everything we seize
that's an asset that has some kind of a
Mexico connection that goes toward the
wall I don't know if anybody would
somebody says our government already
confiscated it if that's true and the
president decides to use that money it
would be hilarious now apparently that
is one of the sources meaning that
confiscated confiscated drug money is
explicitly one of the sources that Trump
has control over so he actually can use
money I don't know how much as El Chapo
many people here are saying that we
already got 14 billion I would say
that's not confirmed by me but that's
what people are saying in the comments
all right here's some other funny things
happening today so apparently the United
States has has drawn up a list of
Russian oligarchs who are close to Putin
it's basically it's exactly this is not
basically it's exactly the same as
Forbes you know list of the the richest
Russians so we now have this this list
where we put these Russian oligarchs on
notice what are we doing with the list
this is the funny part nothing we just
made a list of all the oligarchs who we
said hey Lu oligarchs you're now on our
list and the oligarchs are saying wait a
minute wait a minute why were you on the
list
what's the list do nothing it's just a
list but we're watching you you're on
our list now so so apparently apparently
just being on the list which is really
our way of saying you know you're just
on the list
now but you could be sanctioned right
Your Honor you're on the you know the
first part of the process defense a
sanction you it might be enough that
people will stop doing business with
them like it's in their head it's a
total it's a total mind game so it's a
it's a psychological play which is kind
of brilliant I love it it doesn't cost
us anything we literally just made a
list there's no there's nothing legal
about it there's there's nothing
threatening directly about it it's just
a list but if you're on that list
there's a pretty good chance pretty good
chance that some bad is coming your way
if you don't shape up and even
apparently even Putin said what's all
this list about no we don't even know
what this is about so it's a total mind
game but it's backed by you know real
potential for escalation to being
sanctioned and banned from travel and
all kinds of stuff so it's a hilariously
I I'm not going to say it's effective
because we don't know that yet but it's
a hilariously good risk management on
the part of the United States because
what did it cost us to make a list
it basically is free you know it's risk
rate we just made a list of all girls
say it's just a list I'm just telling
you we're just looking at our list oh
you're on the list don't know what that
means but I wouldn't want to be on this
list let me tell you here's a list I
wouldn't want to be on that list you
know and I mean you know what I mean I'm
not saying we're doing anything with a
list it's just a list but I wouldn't
want to be on it so that's making me
laugh this way all right what's even
funnier than that what's even funnier
than that is McConnell taking the green
new deal to a vote
did you see that dues now that's funny
all right so let me give you some
background so the green new deal as you
know is the AOC
and Senator Markey I guess co-sponsored
it and the it's got all these
pie-in-the-sky ideas about you know
getting rid of fossil fuels and and
making everybody happy and moving us
toward socialism etc now the defining
characteristic of the green new deal is
that it's thoroughly impractical and
very popular among the Democrats at
least the ones running for president and
about seventy others I think so
McConnell with this shit-eating grin
that he can't get off his face says he's
gonna take it to a vote now why this is
funny is that the only purpose of the
vote and he says though is to get people
on record because the plan is so
ridiculous in terms of being a practical
set of steps it's so impractical that he
thinks it's hilarious to make the
Democrats commit to being on that team
because it's so attackable that it's it
is literally just funny it's just funny
that he's doing this and I have to admit
I was never you know until the era of
Trump I was not a big Mitch McConnell
fan but people said yeah he's really
good at what he does and you know he's
very effective and stuff and I was very
sad now you know I don't care he's not
necessarily doing the things I wanted to
do anyway so he wasn't really on my
radar but since watching him operate in
the era of Trump I have to say whether
whether you love or hate what he does
damn he's good wouldn't you say he seems
really good like effective you know in
the same way that Nancy Pelosi is I've
said the same thing about Nancy Pelosi I
think Mitch McConnell and Pelosi are a
plus politicians in terms of yeah their
effectiveness I'm not sure Schumer is on
the same same level as either Pelosi air
or McConnell
so that is hilarious he's gonna bring it
to a to a vote just to show how stupid
to this now I of course have said that
the green New Deal is brilliant as
persuasion so it's brilliant persuasion
because it's this big pie in the sky
stuff free things
it's bold it gets your attention so when
all the all the levels of persuasion
that's just great but when you come down
to let's make a law and a petty there's
just nothing there and it's going to be
a wonderful way to shine the light on
the nothingness alright Jennifer Rubin
who writes for The Washington Post who
is widely considered the least credible
journalist in all of journalism would
you say that's true
is there anybody less credible as a
journalist than Jennifer Rubin I put her
right at the top of the least the least
believable of all the journalists anyway
so if you saw that bado had his I would
still be saying Jim Acosta yeah no I
don't know I don't see Jim Acosta as a
journalist because he's more of a TV
personality right but are the people who
write articles I would say Jennifer
Rubin would be the least least credible
writer who was working today
and she she has some comments of albedo
beta or or or Beto Beto bado and you
know you know did his his deal and
there's this perfect example of the two
movies playing on one screen so Jennifer
Rubin
referred to his speech as soaring
rhetoric he had soaring rhetoric sounds
almost like Martin Luther King right
sounds sounds almost like I don't know
Abraham Lincoln with his soaring
rhetoric he's lifting us above our small
problems with his soaring rhetoric now
that's what
movie looks like that he was he was a
Kennedy he was using his soaring
rhetoric inspired us all at the same
time
max boots wife I forget her name
tweeted was it was a she the tween now
wasn't I'm mixing up stories somebody
tweeted to me so I won't assume it was
her but somebody tweeted that he looked
like a college boy on coke and I thought
he doesn't you know before I didn't even
look at the clip before I thought I
heard that somebody goes he looks like
he's on coke and he's you know some frat
boy jumping around awkwardly on coke and
I thought to myself he doesn't look like
that when I played the clip and you
played the clip and I'm thinking to
myself he looks exactly like a frat boy
on coke now I'm not saying he was on
coke so I want to be clear I'm not
making an accusation he was under the
influence with any kind of drug I'm
always saying he sure looked like he was
under the influence of drugs maybe
that's just his personality but well I
saw did not look like a soaring rhetoric
there were big words but it kind of
looked disturbing sort of a hyper doofus
and yeah he was sort of jumpy and hyper
and his body was going around and no
coke
[Laughter]
all right let's be careful let's not
make any accusations
all right we're not making any
accusations there's no evidence of any
of anything like a drug use so I'm not
saying that I'm just saying that if
you're looking at it and somebody's
already put that in your head it's hard
to get it out of your head because what
are you looking at your mm-hmm
I don't know what he's really on or if
he's on anything but he sure it looks
like it which was funny all right
and there's not much else happening
today except the sea then ran this long
boring article about things that the
Trump administration has claimed about
Muller investigations you know various
things about the Don jr. meeting in
Beauvoir and they they run this big
article of things that they had said
once and then things that they said
later that are different than what they
said the first time and I tried to read
it and it was just it was unreadable
boring it was unreadable unnecessary
because on some level you knew the okay
stories changing blah blah what
difference does it ever make to any of
us doesn't make any difference you know
it's true you know the report I'm sure
is true they showed their sources here's
what they said that's this time here's
what they said later but I just couldn't
find myself caring because just being
true it's not really enough to make it
news and there's like scratching for the
last you know the last little grains of
stuff they can get it out of this molar
report while it's still active
oh then apparently Cory Booker is coming
out against against barbecue so Cory
Booker has eliminated himself from any
chance of becoming president but by
being anti meat apparently he's a vegan
now I do not disagree with his dietary
choices so in terms of whether that
would be good for the world
or good for people he may be ahead of
his time but in terms of a political
message man is that a loser the the the
odds of the United States electing a
vegan to president is about the same as
electing what would be less like an
atheist the odds of an atheist becoming
president are equal to the odds
vegan becoming president Hiller Hiller
was a vegan there's a Hitler analogy for
everything alright
heat it to a get bug-eyes never even
heard of a vegan to live past 90 well
that might be because there are any
vegans who started long enough ago that
they would be 90 I think you might be
might be looking in the wrong place for
that alright any thoughts on Andrew yang
for 2020 not really he hasn't he hasn't
told us enough about we him but could be
interesting
alright I'm gonna keep this short today
because I have nothing else to say and
you should all watch the the interview
with navall if you haven't watched that
that's the one to watch it'll make your
head spin in ways you never imagined
Sam Harris for president an atheist
vegan well that would be interesting
alright oh let me give you one update on
and an update on climate science so now
that I've tested out successfully this
new periscope feature where I can have a
guest I am planning to bring some one or
more climate scientist experts on the
show to have them battle the belt now I
think the best format would be to have a
pro in the con with me as the will say
as the host and I'm trying to decide who
that would be my first choice for the
climate science critics would be Tony
Heller and my I don't have a first
choice for a pro climate scientist alarm
so if there's somebody who would like to
suggest themselves as the person to
debate I have it by the way I haven't I
haven't asked Tony Heller
but based on other conversations online
I would assume he'll say yes but I
haven't asked him yet if he does say yes
I would like to figure to find somebody
who is the equivalent level of knowledge
and somebody who could who could be on
this periscope at the same time
Bill Nye uh that would be interesting
you know the trouble is I would want I
would want Toni's adversary to be the
strongest adversary possible because I'm
not sure Bill Nye has the gravitas that
you know if they let's say the debate
didn't go his way people would say to me
well that's because it was Bill Nye
gonna get an actual scientist somebody's
saying skeptic Bjorn Lomborg but he
would be great to talk to you but he's
not a skeptic in the classic sense the
classic skeptic would say there's
something wrong with the way you did the
science so that would be Tony Heller's
position that you measure things wrong
or you've you know you've you're doing
your science wrong Lombards longboards
position is that we haven't done the the
economics right essentially he's
basically saying that the economics are
not that bad so don't get so worried and
that's a great message and he could be a
great guest but he's not right he's not
the right person to talk to the science
with Tony Heller
now here's my here's where I'm heading
with all this where I'm heading is I'm
trying to figure out the few let's say
fewer than five claims that the skeptics
make that are their best five skeptical
claims right because the trouble is
there's so many of them there are just
you know dozens literally dozens of
skeptical claims
you know Judith curry would be great as
well and I have to look into that a
little bit more she would be a great
person to invite and I might do more
than one of these because it might take
more than one to get to it but if I
could get just five claims that are the
strongest ones the ones that the
skeptics would die on that hill in other
words if the five things are true then
the skeptics win and if those five
things are debunked we can ignore the
other 25 skeptical claims right if the
top five fall apart then I'm not even
going to look at the rest of them so I'm
going to try to limit it to the best
ones and and see if we can focus our
fire on those and try to try to come to
some kind of understanding all right
hmm I will talk to you all tomorrow