stocks are
up that's good and it must be
time for a show that's what you came for
right so I'm going to give you what you
came for because you deserve
it all right get my comments up so I can
see them
[Music]
[Applause]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I
guarantee you've never had a better time
but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
copper marar glass a tanker cheler Stein
a canteen jok or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dope mean the
end of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous up it happens now
go same
shirt are you just now noticing that I
wear the same shirt every
day it's
true sometimes not on laundry day but
most of the time well did you know that
unsweetened coffee is associated with
reduced risk of Alzheimer and
Parkinson's disease according to cpose
yes there is nothing that coffee can't
do and this is the reason that I stop
doing cold plunges you know everybody's
like oh take a cold plunge take a cold
plunge it hurts a lot it's so painful do
it do it it's good for you and I say how
painful is that that looks like really
painful oh it's really painful it's good
for you so instead of cold plunges I
have a big vet full of warm coffee CFE
and I just roll around in it every day
and that's why I don't have Alzheimer's
or
Parkinson yeah it's not an accident
people well I hope you see the video
that's going around of an Air Force
veteran who uh was assigned to pick up
alien uh wreckage and he would take his
helicopter out so the the military
assigned him to do this and he said most
most of the things he picked up were
just you know secret government program
and stuff but once once he saw nonhuman
egg-shaped aircraft while working on his
secret UFO retrieval program according
to the New York Post now here's what's
funny you'd have to see his eyes when
he's describing
it I always tell you that uh The Lying
Eyes are are the ones that get wide if
you watch the politicians you can turn
off the sound and you can still tell
when they get to the lie because their
their forehead gets wrinkled because
their eyes are so wide now now that you
know that that's what a lie looks like
the H you know it's like yeah I'm I'm G
to take office on the 19th and uh I'll
probably uh eliminate the deficit on the
day one you know when they get the lie
but this guy's eyes are these GI they
they look like saucers
themselves I saw I saw a UFO
it's not even slightly slightly credible
when you see his face if if all you did
is read about it or hear about it you
say h you a military veteran probably
probably credible probably found that
egg-shaped UFO M sounds good and then
one look at his face and you go
oh all right you got to see it oh my
favorite story of the day every time the
Washington Post does worse
I I get a little charge of pleasure I
know I shouldn't you know I shouldn't be
reving in the the complete incompetence
and destruction of of a uh newspaper
that canceled me worldwide they're the
ones who kicked it off by the
way but uh
here's oh my God so the Washington Post
came up with a new mission
statement thank you God
all I pray
for is that I can use my dilber filter
to mock The Washington Post and today
you gave
me they have a new mission statement oh
thank you thank you I'm so
grateful here's the new mission
statement I'm not making this up this is
actually I swear to God this is what
their new mission statement is you ready
for
this uh
it's
uh they're going to highlight their
focus on no it's their new mission
statement is quote riveting storytelling
for All
America
storytelling
storytelling
newspaper news
facts
storytelling I think they just created a
mission statement that says their news
isn't real
because do you use that language when
you're talking about the
facts how about we're going to tell you
what you need to know about all the
important
facts no it's
storytelling now are they completely
unaware of what that sounds like when
you hear storytelling you don't think
fact you think fiction you think
narrative and indeed that's exactly what
they are they accidentally picked a
mission statement that describes exactly
what they are they're
storytellers they're
storytellers the their own mission
statement of a news organization left
out the news they left out the
news stories stories are not the news I
mean they could be based on them based
Loosely on the news but then it gets
better they said they're keeping their
little tagline this that they've had for
a long time that democracy dies in
darkness what do you think causes the
darkness let me say causes a darkness
that would destroy
democracy what would cause such
Darkness would it be
storytelling could storytelling instead
of telling real news do you think that
might cause the darkness that destroys
democracy now you have to you have to
admire their transpar
y they basically told you that they're
going to destroy
democracy by telling you stories instead
of
news am I am I over interpreting this or
is that exactly what they're telling us
I don't think you could be more clear
about what you're doing I don't think
it's
intentional but it's
clear Washington Post failing again
meanwhile i' like i' like to give you a
SpaceX update I was watching the news
yesterday and I was looking at clips
about the SpaceX launch and I was
reading all the all the news and
sometimes the the clip would say that it
was a success and sometimes another clip
would say that it failed and so all
yesterday I had this Schrodinger's cat
experience about the launch was like
wait did it fail but also succeed
wait were were there two rockets and one
failed and one succeeded because nobody
told the whole story every clip I had
was like was like a you know one pixel
end of the story so I'm like do I have
to assemble this whole story in my head
and I'm still not entirely sure what
happened but my best my best
understanding reading all these clips
but of course I didn't want to go to the
news duh you know if I went to the news
I I don't know what I'm going to see it
might be a story telling you know what I
mean um but I think what happened was it
was one launch and one
successful um giant Chopstick caught it
but it was only the booster that did
well and the payload part the upper
stage that had to be destroyed uh so
there was some kind of catastrophic
failure in the it either blew up on its
own or they destroyed it anyway um so
you know considers it a success uh as
what I as what I that this is the sort
of um I'm going to put in quotes failure
that is exactly the kind you want where
you're unambiguously learning something
that put you ahead you have the ability
to keep going you take this you've
learned from it take it to the next
level so it's hard for me to even call a
test a failure if they found out what
they needed to find
out you know it would be cool if they
found out oh everything worked but
either way if you find out you're moving
forward so I like the whole attitude
about it that it's a successful
successful test because they learned
critical things from the test that will
move them forward now here's something I
didn't know um Nick Cruz pain on X said
this and then Elon mus said yes to it so
this this sounds like it might be
something SpaceX plans which would be to
be a general Earth transport to other
places on Earth now you probably know
that if you're in a vehicle that goes
into space and then comes down in
another place on Earth it can go there
faster than some airplane that's trying
to go through you know go through the
air because the resistance and
whatnot so that could take a trip from
LA to New
York um oh oh Supreme Court upholds the
Tik Tock
ban oh okay new news Supreme Court
upholds the Tik Tock ban well I guess
it's gone we shall see I think there's
more more to happen on that story but
anyway if SpaceX does create a product
where you can just take the rocky ship
to another place on Earth LA to New York
which would normally be five and a half
hours would be 25 minutes can you
imagine getting from LA to New York in
25 minutes
how about uh London to New York 29
minutes wow why is that 29 when when the
6-hour flight is 27 I that the numbers
don't look right but uh that' be pretty
amazing but what would it cost to be on
a rocket that uses that kind of fuel and
you know even if it's you Rel
landable you know but you said yes maybe
this is the
future meanwhile according to
interesting engineering China is testing
a microwave weapon with what they call
nuclear bomb like power to kill
satellites so Christopher mcfaden and
interesting engineering is writing it
it's still experimental they haven't
ruled it out but it has the the
potential to take out swarms of drones
or
satellites so you can kind of see the
future can you we've got all this
high-tech stuff the satellite drones and
the smart missiles and and you know the
the robot dogs and then probably the
superpowers will have these
ginormous um electronic devices to
cancel out the electronics on these
these other weapons so the race to have
the better
robot um military equipment is going to
meet with the race to find out a thing
that can cancel all Electronics in the
area we'll see where that goes there's a
massive fire it's probably still burning
it was yesterday at lithium battery
storage plant in California of course of
course now when you hear that a lithium
battery storage plant has a fire you
probably to say to yourself that's sort
of lithium
batteries that's that's not the biggest
surprise in the
world but when that fire is to our you
know has an impact on our um our whole
power
grid presumably and it comes right on
the heels of several other fire fires in
La not all of them are have known
causes um here's what worries me if we
were already under attack this is
exactly what it would look
like wouldn't it if the Homeland was
under a serious attack back you would
see fires started in different places in
places that are highly valuable and hard
to start you know you wouldn't see a
fire in maybe the center of Detroit
because that could be kind of limited to
one building but you would see it where
you're seeing them and then you would
see attacks on the
grid and you would see them happening in
bunches so it would look like well
that's a big coincidence what another
fire well that's another a big
coincidence why at the same time as the
lithium battery storage plant well
that's another coincidence now I'm not
saying we're under attack I'm saying
that if the real news looks exactly like
an attack you better pay attention
because one of these is going to be an
attack I feel like someday hope not soon
but apparently did you know the United
States buys Transformers for our for our
power grid and and we've got about I
don't know close to 500 of them and one
of them was once taken apart to see if
there's anything dangerous in these
Chinese
Transformers and they found that there
was a way to turn it off
remotely right meaning that if you were
a Chinese agent you could just walk up
to a transformer in our grid probably
take out your phone and go
Boop and if you had the right app it
would turn off the network
they can just turn off our power
now pretty much I don't know how many
500 Transformers you'd only need one
Transformer to get turned off in your
network and the whole network after that
Transformer would be down that's a lot
of power they have control over
theoretically just by walking up to it
and maybe they don't even have to stand
next to it you maybe they can do it
remotely I don't know how remotely they
have to be but apparently there's a back
door and we bought more of them instead
of phasing them out probably because we
can't make stuff in this country
affordably anyway uh Megan Kelly reports
that she had a woke friend who lost a
home in the California fires and says uh
quote this is what the friend said the
woke friend everyone I know is ready to
vote Republican Nick GMA and red States
reporting that and here's what I think
um you know I live in California and so
I know lots of Californians I don't know
any woke
ones I don't know any woke ones you know
e even my famous uh smartest Democrat
friend that I often talk about is not
really woke just prefers the policies of
the Democrats and thinks the Republicans
are evil and stuff you know normal stuff
but not you know he's not like hosting
Drag Queen hours or anything I don't
know any I don't know any woke people I
live in California I don't know any I
literally don't know one
I mean I know they exist I think I've
seen them you know in public but I don't
know
one so I cannot confirm or deny that the
people who are in that category that I
don't even know one uh have decided
they've had enough and they're going to
vote Republican I honestly don't believe
that I believe that only the people who
lost their houses or got displaced or
even thinking in that way because
whatever it is that makes the Democrats
the way they
are it it would have to be a personal
tragedy that would change their minds so
those who are unfortunately having the
personal tragedy I I definitely I
definitely would agree that they're
thinking about voting Republican that
you don't even have to ask them that's
just sort of obvious but I'll bet you if
you were one mile outside of the danger
zone and you didn't have a good friend
who was affected you'd be like well
Biden's still better than Trump and Etc
and my local local mayor should be blue
and all that stuff so we'll see how real
that is meanwhile you know I've reported
this before but I now have a hypothesis
for it so gen Z who are the people
between 13 years old and 28 years old at
the moment uh they're barely using
alcohol compared to all the prior
Generations if you saw the bar graph
it'd be like you know there'd be a bar
that's a foot tall and then it
immediately goes down to like 2 in tall
for the uh for the current
generation what is up with that you
would think that the one universal
throughout time has been if you have
alcohol you're going to drink it and
kids unfortunately have access so they
drink it why would it just suddenly fall
off a cliff I have a
hypothesis my hypothesis goes like this
that alcohol people don't do it because
it feels good
they do it because it helps them
socialize when they're
shy and that among the young it's not so
much yay I like this feeling of being
drunk It's wow I can finally figure out
a way to talk to strangers and I'm not
as shy and strangers drunk so
everything's easier so if the current
generation uses the internet to make
friends and what I've observed is that
young people will chat with somebody
online that they've never met but they
will shared pictures they've checked
each other's social networks and they've
uh chatted for a long time then if if
everything's going well they like the
chat they like the look they like the
interaction uh they decide to get
together so you see what they've
done they've taken the utility out of
alcohol the utility of alcohol is how do
I meet a new cool person that I want to
spend time with there wasn't really a
great way to do it when I was a kid so
you would have a drink and go where
there's other people drinking and that
was easier to be less shy but if I could
meet you know if if I if I imagine
myself back at this young age where the
main thing is friends and girlfriends
and boyfriends that I would think well
if I can get all the if I can get all
the social interaction I want through
the
internet I don't know do I want to feel
drunk do I want to take the chance it
isn't really Co so I so I just put that
in as a hypothesis that the internet way
of meeting people just replace the
utility of alcohol I mean if that
happened maybe it's more good than
bad just to guess all right well the
Wall Street Journal is talking again
you've heard this that China's
population continues to decline so it
declined again last year um the births
edged up but uh for the first time
there are more deaths than births Wow
first time in eight years China had more
deaths than births last year wow that's
definitely a turning point
um so that would be an indication of
Doom Kyle bass investor Kyle bass who
often talks about China much the way I
do but he's far more
informed um he said today on X that
China is experiencing a complete
financial crash the the the 10-year
government bonds are yelding only 1.65
and the the overnight rate just spiked
to 16% which would be very bad um and
that maybe all of this
economic all this economic uh unfolding
in China might cause them to move on
Taiwan
sooner because that would that would
unify the country maybe and be a
distraction from their other problems
I'm going to go opposite on that I I
agree that China has got some big
economic challenges no question but um
my take on China just as an observer no
expert right so so I will defer to The
Experts if they say Scott you got this
totally wrong there's a history of them
doing this exact thing um my take on
China is that they keep acting
rationally just rational Ral rational
now that's that's the current leadership
who have lots of engineers in office did
you know that did you know a lot of the
top uh the top officials in the you know
the Chinese Communist Party the top
officials many of them are Engineers so
you have a really practical levelheaded
you know what do we need to do to get
from here to there the the Chinese
government always seem to me
rational right there's some governments
that maybe have an a religious
driving force and to others they would
not look rational but China always looks
rational so my my belief is that you
could do a pretty good job of predicting
what China will do because it's what you
would do if you were in the same
situation and if I were struggling with
all these domestic problems and I were
China the last thing I'd want to do is
make a move on Taiwan because well
there's some chance it can make things
better there's an equal risk it could
make things so bad it would be the end
of the regime because China doesn't
really know how the rest of the world
would respond they think they do but
they don't and they certainly don't know
what Trump would do so my take on China
is they're too risk averse to do
something that aggressive when they're
already teetering on the
edge now I I am perfectly will will to
be embarrassed and shamed for my lack of
understanding of China if somebody says
Scott you don't realize in the past
let's say just during the the
administration of President she if
somebody said but you saw what they did
here and you saw and I I might go oh I
forgot about that or I didn't know about
that but the the brutal I'm going to
call it brutal the brutal rational way
that China operates it's brutal
rationalization
brutal rational thinking meaning they're
not all about
wokeness is brutal it's like does this
work for China yes no that's it that
that's just brutal engineering thinking
does it work yes no so I don't think
they're going to make a move on
Taiwan because of their because of their
economic problems that that doesn't
square with me however to be fair Kyle
bass is a very good Observer of things
and if he has a different opinion i'
take that seriously I I'm just giving
you my perspective we'll we'll see who's
right over
time
um but here's the thing is America doing
better than
China it doesn't look like it to
me because you know we've got the
immigration drag we've got the
corruption and every part of the
everything and then if Doge doesn't work
we've got to get rid of 1.83 trillion
dollar deficit per year we're adding a
trillion dollars every hundred days and
really I don't see and then in sight so
we have a situation where in which I'm
not positive but it looks like the three
biggest powers in the world are circling
the drain at the same time Russia looks
like it might be on the edge of economic
collapse because of the war and you know
but maybe not China looks like it might
be on the edge of economic collapse
because of you know various real estate
crashing and demographics and whatever
but maybe not and the United States
looks like it's circling the drain with
no hope of recovery because of the
debt but maybe
not so I'm going to call it we're
already in the middle of a World War
it's just not with bullets well you
could argue that Russia and Ukraine is a
proxy war but we are now in a total full
Out World War at least the three major
powers in which we're not trying to beat
the other as much as we're trying to be
the one that
survives so beating China might be
simply as simple as as simple I say as
simple as as simple to describe really
hard to
do to
survive the the the war between the
three superpowers may be down to are you
still here in 10 years yes know because
I think that if all three of them you
know find a way through these
extraordinary Economic
Times that would be great I guess I mean
I don't I don't really want to see China
crumble because that feels like that
would create more risks than it than it
solves
but it's kind of weird that we're
already in a World War what America has
to figure out Mark Andre did a good job
of explaining this China has not just
good manufacturing but they have a
network of component manufacturing for
all the things that are most important
so if we tried to build a uh let's say
an iPhone assembly manufacturing thing
in the United States we wouldn't just
build one Factory that makes iPhones you
would need the entire network of
suppliers to that one Factory and we
don't have any of that China does if we
wanted to be good at making robots we
wouldn't build a robot Factory you'd
have to build an entire entire network
of suppliers that make the parts that
end up in the one Factory we don't have
any of that now Elon Musk would be the
one exception because he's the one
person we know of who's made
manufacturing at least some of the
manufacturing in the United States work
but even even Elon Musk depends entirely
on China for parts all right at least
the battery Parts I don't know what else
but so China has all these things they
can make the phones this is Mark Andre's
point they can make the drones the cars
there according to
andreon uh China is rolling out cars
that are going to be high quality
meaning competitive with existing cars
that might cost a a third or a quarter
of the price of existing
cars uh do you know how big of a problem
that is for
us if they can make a car for 25% of
what our cars now cost and they're just
great that's a problem if they can do if
they can make phones and drones and
robots and cars because they have a
complex you know ecosystem for
manufacturing we don't have any of that
do you know that we that uh Andre said
he was trying to you know I guess he
invested in a company that makes drones
or tries to in the United States and
they can't get parts because they don't
have that ecosystem and if they try to
create
manufacturing uh I don't know the
details but he said that the Biden
Administration was basically just set a
foot on them the whole time
so presumably the Trump Administration
can open up you know a little more
freedom for the Drone manufacturers I
don't know if it's enough but so what we
have as an advantage in the US is
software and entrepreneurs and we're
probably better at Ai and we might be
better eventually at humanoid robot and
stuff but that's not much to hold on to
it seems to me that China can get better
at software and
AI in the long term they can get better
at those things than we are because
software I just feel like you can steal
it learn it catch up but but having an
entire complex manufacturing ecosystem
that's lower cost than we could ever
match what do we do about that so the
odds of them closing CL their Gap and
learning software and being better at
AI That's not as big a stretch as what
we'd have to do to catch up with them so
it does seem that the US and China are
going to depend on each other to a
degree that war would just be
stupid War would be stupid for both
sides so I hope we avoid it meanwhile at
Iowa State University talking about how
their Glacier experts have found a
critical flaw in the sea level
predictions sea level rising because of
climate
change what they found was that the way
uh cold ice acts is different than warm
ice so I learned today that there can be
warm ice and cold ice warm ice would be
ice that's already slightly melting like
it's just barely ice and then cold ice
would be something that's so cold it's
you know it's a solid what they found
was that if you to predict ice like it's
all the same you would get the wrong
answer but it took them 10 years of
experimenting uh they studied for 10
years because of various hiccups and
they got to the point where wow this is
really this should change your sea level
predictions
now have you ever noticed that no matter
how many times I tell you stories about
some major assumption or variable being
updated or changed or added to the
climate models that they still predict
the same
thing you can change all the
inputs almost every day all right if you
watch my show you know that almost every
day seven days a week I tell you about a
new thing in climate change that would
change the variables you put in the
model but yet the models are all about
the same that is the biggest tell that
it's not
real if no matter what the situation is
does the model still say the same thing
or at least they're still within that
narrow
band what are those models really doing
right that's a that's a pretty big
signal but here's what I've learned by
experience with uh persuading people to
have a more reasonable understanding of
climate change now a reasonable
understanding would be uh things might
be getting
warmer and and that should be paid
attention to the humans might have
something to do with it I don't know
what percentage but we should pay
attention to it just to make sure we're
not doing something
dumb uh but the climate models the
projection models those are clearly
 and if you try to explain it to
people you run into the same road blocks
so here's the
problem
um if I were to try to explain to
somebody who was not exposed whatsoever
to these arguments it would be a long
conversation and it wouldn't be one
could possibly do over you know a thread
on X which is where everybody debates so
you can't really break through if you're
on a you know a quick messaging thing
where people are just arguing and blah
blah blah you'd have to really sit down
with somebody for like two hours to get
them to the point where they understand
why not that the climate models are
inaccurate if you think that's what I'm
saying I'm saying more than that I'm
saying they couldn't be accurate except
by pure
so here's here's what you'd want to
explain if you had time you'd explain
why the the complicated models are
driven by
assumptions not data now this is
something I normally would not
understand what do you mean it's driven
by assumptions it's the data no it's not
it's what assumption you made about what
data to put in it I know that because I
used to make complicated prediction
models for financial decisions that a
bank and then a the phone company uh so
I've made complicated Financial
predictions for years and years of my
professional life and I can tell you
with certainty what everyone who's ever
made a complicated finan Financial
prediction has ever known it's your
assumptions you can make it turn out to
whatever your boss wants it to be that's
the story and I can I know that for sure
because I did that work so how how hard
would it be to explain to a normie there
something as basic as uh you know it's
just the assumptions you put into it
this is not based on following the data
right it's the assumptions about the
data we're following not the
data so that's a hard thing for a normie
to understand if you haven't been like
immersed in the field at least in any
field that had a lot of
variables um then you in order to
understand why all these climate models
seem to fit this narrow band You' have
to understand how scams work and one
specific specific one which I've
explained too many times about how if if
a model if somebody made a model that
was outside the zone of what the experts
are expecting you would just never see
it now if you saw everybody's model all
the time that might be people trying to
be honest about the models but if you
know for sure that nobody could survive
in their career publishing a model that
was way above or way below the the
little Zone this sort of the approved
Zone you couldn't publish that so if you
have a situation where the only models
that can be published without losing
your whole career or your funding have
to be in a narrow Zone that's not
science that that's people doing what
they have to do to make
money it if you simply follow human
incentive it couldn't it couldn't
possibly uh be true that all these
models fit this narrow band that's just
not
real
um so it would take a while then how
about this how long would it take you to
explain to to a normie let's say a
Democrat that the number of scientists
to agree no matter how violently they
agree no matter how adamant they are
that it doesn't mean
anything just think about how long it
would take you to explain that okay let
me start you've heard of cause and
effect uh okay I think heard of that did
you know that people do things for money
did you know that uh they do yeah they
do well I thought they did things
because they're good people no no no
they do things for money but not all the
time yeah all the time not every time
every time every single time it's the
most predictable thing in your entire
life is that people do things for
money so if you could get paid for
saying climate change is a crisis and
you could lose your job and your
reputation and your family would starve
if you go against the grain what does it
mean that 99% or whatever are on the
same side and I know the real argument
is it's not 98% on one side that's all
fake I get it but just think how far you
would have to go to explain things that
we know that if you've never been
exposed to them it just takes forever to
explain it um so I would maintain that
you don't need to be a scientist or
anything like it um to understand that
the models are broken and couldn't
possibly be right the only thing you
need to know is how cause and effect
works if you understand cause and effect
you know the models are if
you're confused about the most simple
thing in the world like uh if I change
the
incentives uh will will that change
Behavior yes yes changing the incentives
change the behavior yes now in order for
me to be
correct in in this domain of climate
change that um you know that uh is
really about people who don't understand
cause and effect if you don't understand
that people are going to lie for money
you don't know
anything but let's see if that exists in
any other
domain well I was seeing Austin Al today
talking about how he said in a post uh
they meaning you know the people in
charge looked at the data and saw that
college graduates on average did better
in life now that's true
right people who went to college do
better in life duh so how would you make
Equity if Equity is what the Democrats
want what would be the way to get there
if you know the people didn't go go to
college don't do as well as the people
who went to college simple you make it
so that everybody can get into college
regardless of their qualifications and
regardless if they have money to
pay that's it that's equity and then you
find
out that the real thing about college
was the selection bias not what the
college taught you that the colleges
were only ENT they only existed in many
ways they existed as a way to certify
that these were the smart people they
didn't make them smart I mean they may
have trained them in some skills but
they didn't make them smart the being
smart had to be there in the first place
and then the smart people always find a
way
so so this seems to be another
example uh and then also the Democrats
got rid of honors classes because they
found out that people went to honors
classes did better in life and got into
college and that was an unfair Advantage
so how do you fix that you get rid of
the honors classes and then you know
have that problem so if you look at
education would it be fair to say that
the reason it's so messed up and people
have uh they have a gigantic crushing
College loan debt and all they got from
it was a degree in something
useless all of these things are the same
problem not understanding how anything
works not understanding cause and effect
not understanding what's the real cause
was and what's just a correlation it's
all the same the reason that Democrats
don't understand climate change is they
don't understand cause and effect and
how money changes incentive and and that
people are basically liars and they
think that college is just a matter of
getting rid of the racism so that
everybody can get
in that was so not the problem not even
close a complete analysis uh
failure so I would say that you could
find this consistently that the people
on the left the woke left don't
understand cause and effect it really is
that simple they don't know how money
and incentives affect anything well
here's some good news uh president Trump
has picked Bill P for director of the
federal Housing Finance Agency so that
would be in charge of uh Freddy and
Fanny so that those be two big programs
that the government runs for making
loans now
here's what's good uh great really about
having Bill P the the rumored and I
believe it's true but the the rumored
goal of the Trump Administration is to
do away with government control of these
two entities that used to not be
government
controlled now if you want to get rid of
government control over these really big
dollar gigantic dollar things who are
you going to hire somebody who needs
that job or somebody who definitely
doesn't need the job but is such a
patriot he's willing to take the pain to
get something done that's p p is one of
the most honest effective people you'll
ever know your life I know him
personally so I can speak from from
Authority on this uh this is another
genius pick Trump is just nailing these
picks I didn't you know I I have to say
I was I was cautious on Heth because I
thought hm you know is is it too much
emphasis on his TV qualities but I think
he brought the goods I think he showed
us he showed us what I wanted to see p
is the best pick for somebody to
transfer control from the government to
the private sector and then move on to
another challenge he doesn't need the
job trust me he doesn't need the
job so this is just brilliant and uh all
credit to uh Bill PO for being willing
to take on what looks like a tough tough
job that we'd all be better off if he
succeeds so good luck good luck
there all right uh Trump picked the head
of Secret Service um which is the head
of his current Secret Service detail
Sean Ken now my first question was how
common is it that you would be promoted
from the head of a detail even a
presidential detail directly to the top
of the entire secret service has that
happened
before or my my dilbur filter on this
you know the way most things work is
that you would go from the head of a
detail to maybe you know the third in
command of the entire network and then
maybe you could work yourself up to the
top is it has this ever happened that
you went from the head of a detail to
the head of the whole thing maybe it has
it it's entirely possible that that's
more normal than I
think but here's what it hints at what
it hints at is that Trump doesn't trust
the Secret
Service and the one he does trust is the
person who jumped on his body when the
guns were when the bullets were
flying the only person he could trust to
literally have his best interest in mind
is the person who jumped on him when
bullets were flying and I got to say
that you know sometimes Trump getss a
hit for putting loyalty over you know
maybe experience sometimes but this is
this is a place where loyalty over
experience and the guy has plenty of
experience right he he has all the
experience in the world of what a
presidential detail should be doing and
apparently he's been advocating hard for
more resources for the presidential
detail and was getting was getting
blocked so he seems to have all the
right stuff so I'm I'm I'm Plus on this
but I think the genius of it is for
Trump to feel comfortable that the
person in charge really really wants to
keep him alive and I'm not sure he would
have thought that before so this is a
good change Kevin oir was on CNN and uh
as one of his rhetorical flourishes with
the Democrats he was arguing with he uh
he said everyone is wondering how uh Joe
Biden got rich how did he get rich and
he asked that several times while they
were yammering at him and and he just
said how do you get rich blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah yeah but how did Joe
Biden get rich now I asked I asked uh
search engine how rich he is and the
answer is something like $10 million net
Val net worth now could he have that net
worth from his book sales and his
speaking that he did in between when he
held office because he was paid a lot
for a book probably probably paid a lot
for his speaking and sometimes we think
that's the way that politicians get
bribed you know if you do this now I'll
make sure that you get this big book
deal later that sort of thing um but I
hate to tell you that $10 million is not
as rich as it sounds it does sound
sketchy to me you know I don't think
that anybody else who had his pay and a
book deal and a little speak
would be at that value but uh most of
the value is in his two homes so
probably half or more is that he has two
homes now the question is how do you get
these two
homes because they're nice
ones I don't know so 10 million doesn't
seem like LBG LBJ level of corruption
you know that was sort of off the chart
but I don't think you could get there
without something sketchy going on so
that's a good
question um so you know that Biden and
his final speech there his goodbye
speech he warned against the the
formation of tech
oligarchies which I think is just aimed
at Elon Musk and maybe the fact that
Zuckerberg's a you know less less
pro-democrat lately but what I loved
about this it was the final Act of
projection you know we keep saying that
the real problem with the Democrats is a
mental health problem some kind of
weird thing where they do
projection everything that they're doing
they just blame Democrats at so what
were they doing for years they were
using their oligarch Soros and Reed
Hoffman and other rich people who might
be in jail uh to fund them and that was
okay but as soon as uh some rich people
said wait a minute the fine people hoax
isn't real
than some of his best backers I mean
Elon Musk was was backing him
before some of his best
backers uh have decided to go the other
direction so this is his final Act of
projection the guy who benefited
entirely from the billionaires saying
you better watch out for
billionaires It's Kind of Perfect Isn't
it that his final Act was incompetent
laughable and almost a ridiculous level
of
persuasion all right uh so Biden uh has
said that his problem was uh he spent
too much time on policy and not enough
on
politics okay the
the the gall it takes to say that your
problem with your reputation was that
you spent too much time on policy that
sounds like when you go in for the job
interview and you get that standard
question is like all right you know are
there any flaws about you that I should
know about well sometimes I'd like to
work too
hard yeah sometimes I focus on the
policy too hard it's the same damn thing
ridiculous and then of course MSNBC has
been defending U Biden's mental acuity
right up till today so even even Morning
Joe is still saying you know he gets a
word wrong here and there but I spend
time with him and he's fine he's fine so
their entire you know brand MSNBC is
that Biden's fine he's always been fine
he's still fine I don't know what you're
talking about so Lawrence O'Donnell from
MSNBC gets to sit down with Biden and uh
from the network that defended Biden's
mental acuity for years and Biden says
this quote you've heard Barack get mad
me when I was a
kid
um
what Barack got mad at him when he was a
kid now I suppose he meant when I was
vice
president
but when I was a kid isn't really that
close to when I was vice
president that that that's a brain fart
and I and I get by the way forgetting a
name something I do all the time it's
not that un ual um but this is uh kind
of embarrassing if you're the one of the
hosts of the everything's fine with
Biden's brain and he gives you you've
heard Barack get mad at me when I was a
kid oh meanwhile then
Harris was uh she was signing her little
desk in the vice president office and
talking in public I guess it was her
goodbye sort of um and the big question
was is she
drunk so
I would like to do my impression of KLA
Harris in the news not knowing if she's
stupid or drunk because it was so much
fun trying to figure out okay is that
stupid or is that drunk to me she look
drunk in in the little episode yesterday
um but if it wasn't drunk oh my God it's
worse you you hope it's drunk because if
that's the way your real brain is
working oh we got a problem so I'd like
to give you my impression and see if you
think this is drunk or
stupid first of all hands were involved
so I'll do the hand hand
stuff my work is not
done we'll be working long
hours it's not my nature to go quietly
into the
night now did that sound drunk or stupid
cuz I think I nailed it that was right
on
Biden's commuting the sentences of 2500
people convicted of nonviolent drug
offenses I'm roughly okay with that uh
but I'd love to know if any of them were
fenel dealers because if they
were I'm not in favor of that um the FBI
shut down this Dei office just before
Trump comes in office and tells them to
shut it down but of course they didn't
really shut it down down they just hid
all the parts in other departments so
that they don't have to call it Dei but
they can still do Dei Trump has demanded
that they FBI retain all this records
about their so-called Dei office and uh
if they get rid of their
records that seems like that would be a
bad
thing meanwhile scientists according to
no Ridge scientists have developed Nano
par particles that Target and remove
plaque from inside the arteries but
here's the exciting part they figured
out a way to get the nanop particle to
get inside a cell and reprogram it so
they were the cells that with the macr
fages or whatever the things that that
eat stuff um and they can just Goose
them so that they do a better job of
eating the things that you want them to
eat like the harmful plaque so but what
strikes me about this is this sounds
exactly like a software upgrade to your
body if you could Ro
reprogram through a nano particle that
can get into a cell and you could
reprogram the function of the
cell I mean sounds dangerous but if if
they figured out the safety part they
can do a software upgrade to your
cells this looks like a real thing now
it's not ruled out yet but in the lab
they're upgrading your
cell that's pretty amazing
um cost has a talks about a new study
Eric Nolan says that uh there's an oral
brain axis okay this is this isn't as
exciting as it sounds at first a new
research uncovers surprising links
between the bacteria in your mouth and
health mental health symptoms so they
discovered that people have mental
health symptoms have different mouth
chemistry than people who don't have
mental health
problems uh I'm just going to say that
one of those groups eats glue and the
other doesn't so I'm not sure the cause
and the effect is exactly what they
think which makes makes me suspect the
scientists Or democrats because there's
one group that can't get cause and
effect right all right that's all I got
for you stock market's
up um we're going into the
weekend it's so it's Sunday that's the
inauguration
right I think we have to talk about the
security of the of the inauguration day
um how in the world could you protect
that it it seems to me if a if a foreign
power wanted to do
something they'd have the ability I
don't know if a hobbyist could do it
like just some lone lone drone gunman or
something but they can get close I mean
I don't know how good the anti-d Drone
detection is and
repulsion um yeah I'm seeing the
comments that Joe Biden's $10 million is
not it's not what it used to be
yeah not what it used to
be yeah you could get there being very
frugal yeah I don't think that's how
happened now they were they were two
incomes for a long time two
incomes living in a relatively less
expensive
State you maybe you can get
there but I doubt that's how it happened
yeah there's a there's a there's a photo
of Daniel
Penny uh taking a Subway
again I tell you however Brave you think
Daniel penny is or was he's probably
braver than you think because he's just
back in the subway and I love the fact
that I don't think anybody's going to
want to mess with him he would be the
one person you wouldn't want to start a
fight with I mean you should never start
a fight with somebody who is a young
xmarine because again the X part you
know you could forget about uh you
wouldn't want to he looks like he's like
64 how tall is he he's a big guy right
he looks like he's 64 young and has been
trained to tear people apart and he's
already killed one person although I
think that was more about the person
than the act
and he'd be scary like if you were a
troublemaker and you looked up and you
saw him you'd be like oh God last person
you want to see in the
assembly unless you're unless you feel
unsafe and then he's the first person
you want to
see uh you know I don't even
know yeah I don't I would love to know
how the black community really thinks
about that you have they've been
listening to Washington Post
storytelling or do they just say uh if
the black people in the Daniel in the
Daniel Penny subway car if the other
black passengers expressed relief that
he stopped this guy which is what
happened I don't know how you say that's
racial if the other black p if the other
black passengers are like yeah I'm glad
he did
that you think everyone is drunk it
sounds stupid at this point really
everyone you mean that one person who's
obviously drunk
are are you a Democrat you sound like a
Democrat you don't understand cause and
effect all
right everyone with a job well that's
going too
far um yeah I think I think
people at least some people respect
somebody who steps in I I would imagine
there are plenty of people in the Black
America community who are just saying
you know that that's not my cause he
tried to help that's the end of that
story that's what I
think all right ladies and gentlemen
that's all I got for now if you're
watching the Dilbert comic that you can
only get by subscription on X or on the
locals platform Scott adams. locals.com
um you would see that the fires areach
ing Dilbert's house so Dilbert and
dogbert are looking out the window the
fire is approaching it's not controlled
and they have to decide what they're
going to do I'll give you a
spoiler the spoiler is uh Dilbert is
going to stay and try to protect his
house as the fire
approaches and Sunday will be
my the big conclusion of that so you'll
find out if uh the dber dies or not
which could happen you
know if I decided to retire I might kill
him it's
possible so you never know you better
watch it on Sunday all right that's all
I got for you I'm going to go talk to
the locals people privately the rest of
you thanks for joining I'll see you next
week or no I'll see you
tomorrow
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for