bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
hey is anybody around this is a special
bonus periscope you weren't expecting it
this time of day but you know when I
came come on on weird hours it's the
good stuff so I'm gonna bring you the
good stuff one of the benefits that I've
I've realized from having conversations
with a number of prominent black
activists and people who are working in
that area as well as observing what
famous successful black people say one
of the things that I would not have
known a year ago is that according to
black folks who are studying what do you
do about helping the black communities
so this is their opinions that I'm
echoing and I've heard the spinning from
everybody from hawk to folks working
with President Trump on urban
revitalization and then I just tweeted a
link to an interview with Kanye in which
he says something along these lines too
and I wanted to kind of solidify this
thought and the idea is that that what
the black community needs is I wouldn't
say education training I guess on how do
you think like a rich person some
training on how to start a business and
how to keep your business running if
you've started it so the idea is that
there's some basic life skills that sort
of get handed down generally
generationally or at least by
association in the white community and
maybe in the Asian community and others
that for whatever reason is not being
transmitted not being spread in any
effective way in the black community and
that if you fix that one thing it would
be one of the biggest levers
now here's what I like about that it's a
system as opposed to a goal now one of
the places that I differ with Hogg
Newsom in black lives matter is that
they tend to talk in terms of goals I
want to make things fair I want to maybe
have reparations of some type those tend
to be fairly discrete goals I want the
place to never kill any any people who
are unarmed those are those are goals
but what about this system you know what
what are you doing to get to those
places that's the part that seems to be
missing I wanted to talk about that a
little bit so I wanted to call out some
of the rich people thinking that I
observe Kanye does and then this is
based on things he said in interviews so
I'm not trying to read his mind and you
can fact check me if any of the seems
off base but just by observing this is
what I see in him these so Kanye's first
of all has a system in which he will
talk to anyone he'll talk to president
Trump and show him respect he'll talk to
you anyone that's a system rich people
think that way rich people will talk to
anyone if it will move the ball forward
poor people think I'm not gonna talk to
those jerks I'm not I'm not gonna even
associate with them in any way that's
the difference between rich people
thinking Kanye poor people thinking
black lives matter and again I'm not
painting all black lives matter as
having the same opinion I'm just trying
to show a distinction between how rich
people think and poor people think in
terms of a system versus a goal so
Kanye's first system talk to anyone
here's another system you see Kanye
developing one skill after another and
just stacking them
he wasn't born as a musical prodigy he
just keeps stacking talents and each
time he stacks the new talent he just
gets more powerful now you see him
stacking political talent you see his
public speaking coming online it's a
little you know it's a little
stop-and-go because he's saying some
things in public like on TMZ that he
needs to retract and apologize for but
you see him learning in public you see
him adding to his skill stack as he goes
who does that who adds new skills to
their skill stack all the time and never
stops doing it rich people rich people
right look at jay-z look and look at you
know look at anybody who's successful
look at me we're stacking our skills and
we're stacking them in ones that make
sense together
is Kanye learning how to do falconry or
archery probably not I mean I don't know
what he does in his spare time but it
looks to me that everything that Kanye
learns from producing to style to
everything else is very complementary
very additive that's the system that's a
good one all right let's see what else
Kanye does I've talked to you about
managing your ego you need to be able to
take rejection you need to learn how to
do that you need to put yourself out
there you need to put yourself at risk
get shot down slapped around beat up and
then just come back you do that by
practicing doing it you saw Kanye
recover from the Taylor Swift thing
you've seen him now recovering from his
comments about slavery on TMZ you've
seen him recovering from talking about
his bipolar situation all right so
you're seeing him take a level of public
you know condemnation shame humiliation
that would just destroy most people what
is Kanye do I think I can find a way to
use this he transfers the energy
to something better so the energy he
gets from even the the you know the
provocative stuff that people are
criticizing makes him more interesting
it makes me want to spend an hour
looking at an interview with him which I
just did I won't spend an hour looking
at anybody's interview but he's so
interesting and I'm sure that that's
intentional that you can't look away
what you started he's fascinating from
beginning to end here's another thing
that Kanye does apparently and again
these are just observational he seems to
understand risk management he takes
risks that don't kill him but if they
work out it could be really good there's
unlimited upside if Kanye had tried to
start a clothing line and it hadn't
worked he'd still be Kanye yeah a little
different but he'd still be rich his
life would still be great so that's a
risk that could have an unlimited upside
it looks like it's huge but it wouldn't
kill him if it didn't work that's how
rich people think poor people say I
don't think that's gonna work out Kanye
has tried many things I assume I assume
some of them worked and some of them
didn't but as long as he's doing lots of
things and you see President Trump did
the same thing he tried lots and lots of
things a lot of them didn't work out
some of them worked out great
president Trump thinks like a rich
person Kanye thinks like a rich person
he thinks other people should learn to
think this way he said that on the
interview I'm not reading his mind you
also watch Kanye forming alliances he
does it in music you see how many times
he's produced for other other artists
that forms an alliance which stays with
you then he has more resources more
connections more love coming in and he
he forms an alliance with President
Trump in in sort of a way you know just
by being nice to him so you see Kanye
continually forming alliances on the
interview that I was just mentioning
I tweeted this morning he talks about
meeting with he said he met with Elon
Musk he said he met with Jack from from
Twitter Jack Dorsey he said he yeah
we've seen pictures of him with Candace
Owens so you can see that he's really
doing this he's forming alliances and
contacts from all over the place
he's networking like a mofo all right
who does that people who think like rich
people you don't have to be rich to
think that way but it will certainly
help you get there all right so if
you're if you're locked into your
community and you're not talking to
people outside of your community you're
thinking like a poor person and you're
probably going to stay that way here's
another thing that rich people do they
are generous for nothing in return
immediately rich people will do you a
favor and ask nothing in return why
because if you if you have that as your
system it's like yeah I'll help you oh
I'll introduce you I'll make this
contact I'll tell you so I'll give you
some advice no charge I'll never ask for
anything from you what happens when
people do that well they're gonna get a
favor in return eventually it's just
they're not asking for it so rich people
do things for people without asking for
an immediate return it's part of a
system all right I learned that as a kid
it serves me very well poor people
they're not going to give anything to
somebody without getting a return all
right and now I'm generalizing of course
there are plenty of great people who are
also poor who are also generous but in
terms of what will make you rich versus
what will keep you poor if you're never
generous it's holding you back
here's another system that Kanye uses
love
he leads with love he talks about love
he he phrases everything in terms of
love he tells you how love will smooth
over the bumps he tells you he can talk
to President Trump with love and
somebody on the other side with love he
likes Bernie he loves Bernie
it's a powerful system when he leads
with love good things happen didn't hear
anything from Kanye about anybody else
doing something wrong
didn't see him criticizing anybody all
right
that's important that's a system if you
are a criticized ER and let's use black
lives matter as an example they are
primarily a a criticizing group meaning
that their whole point seems to be to
criticize raise awareness and then once
that awareness is raised trying to come
to some solution so black lives matter
would certainly like solutions I'm not
saying they don't want solutions but I'm
saying that the path that they're taking
it to get there is through criticism now
let me ask you this two people come in
for a job one of them has a Kanye
personality where he just leads with
love he doesn't have a bad thing to say
about you another person comes in and
you know that they've criticized someone
else maybe their last boss they haven't
criticized you in fact they're saying
nice things about you because they want
you to hire them who gets the job the
person you know to be a criticized er
because that's going to come back to you
sooner or later you're gonna be the
target of that criticism not today but
you're not gonna hire the criticize er
you're gonna hire the one who says you
know you know somebody did something bad
to me but I got over it I just love that
person now
that's who you aim that's who you hire
Kanye is thinking like a rich person and
he would like you to to think that way
too
another thing that Cod Nia does and he
mentions it often including in the
interview I just tweeted he he says that
you should think less about the past
and focus on the now and you know what
the now can do that'll help you in the
future
that's a rich person's point of view if
you focus on the past you will lock
yourself into the past black lives
matter focuses on the past in justices
reparations and Kanye says let's what
could I do today to make this stuff
better how about today that's a rich
person's thinking so those are some
examples and now you say to yourself
well how easy is it to learn to you know
to to think like a rich person you know
how easily can you do that well it's not
easy I will tell you that I spent the
first I know 25 or 30 years of my life
trying to absorb everything I could
about how rich people think I
specifically targeted that as my primary
strategy for success my primary strategy
for success from from the moment I could
think was to look around and say okay
these people are not successful they
don't seem to have much to teach me
these people are making everything work
what's the Delta what are they doing
that they're not doing I would read
books on it I would talk to people I
would look for examples I'd look for
patterns until I had enough of those
that I could succeed as well if you're
just starting that path let me recommend
some books now this will seem terribly
self-serving but I don't know any other
way to do it all right so I wrote this
book for people who want to know how to
think like a rich person I didn't use
that kind of branding because I just
didn't want a rich person to be any part
of it but the idea is how do you succeed
if nobody taught you the methods of
success if nobody taught you strategies
for success if nobody taught you how to
think like a successful person how the
heck would you just figure it out on
your
it's pretty hard but you don't have to
there are books this is one of them it's
not the only book it's not the only book
to tell you how to think like a rich
person you could easily find a number of
them here's another one Tim Ferriss this
book it's called tools of titans it's
thick it's all interviews with rich
people who tell you how they think and
why habits they use and what techniques
they use if you read one book is it
enough no probably not
probably not and by the way lessons from
my book are included in this book some
of the some of the better parts if
you've mastered those books I would
recommend that you start looking at
books about persuasion sales and
influence so once you get the basics
right of the math of success and what I
was talking about was really the math of
success if you stack several talents
together
your odds of success are better if you
network with people who you normally
wouldn't want to talk to your odds are
better if you lead with love your odds
are better than if you lead with you
know guilt or anger or any of those
other things but if you've mastered the
math of success that you can get from
this book or this book in a number of
other books those are just examples then
you want to get to the next level which
is persuasion how to learn how to
influence people because you could have
a great product but if nobody buys it
you know you need to have to have this
persuade so the the first book this one
was written for somebody who's 14 and up
I think maybe you could use it for 12
and up and if you don't get if you don't
get kids young if you don't get them
young it's hard for them to catch up so
if you get them young they're going to
start building their talent stack
they're gonna start you know networking
there they're gonna reflexively start
doing things they learned but you don't
want to give this book to somebody at 45
and say hey go fix everything you did
wrong for 40
five years it still works it's still
better than not and it's a lot better
than not but you you get most of the
gains if you catch them early all right
that's what I wanted to say I'm going to
keep it tight and let me add to that
that on top of the the generic skills of
how to succeed there's a real need
especially in the inner cities places
where there are big pockets of people
who just don't have you know the same
resources of the people there is a lot
of smart people were saying the same
thing that they need to learn the basics
of business imagine if you will
training for let's say how to use
QuickBooks and how to do your own books
training about and I know this sounds
weird but how to how to have a banking
relationship how to get credit how to
keep your credit good how to find a
mentor how to get a first job how did it
had address for your first job there's
this whole body of knowledge that is
absolutely necessary to acquire wealth
and then more importantly to hold on to
it
once you've got it so these are the
things I think you know maybe the
government could be involved maybe
private citizens can be involved but
these are the things that look like the
biggest lever somebody said a bootcamp
on how to talk to the police
yes if you want to be successful one of
the big skills you need to learn is how
to stay out of jail
how did not get beat up by the police
now I'm not going to say the police
never make mistakes individual police of
course do like individuals and any other
large group but but you can learn how to
control other people's actions you think
you can't but I wrote a book on it all
right and other people have to you can
control how other people treat you
you think you can't but you can do you
know who knows that rich people rich
people know how to control people in the
room because they know that the way they
act will change how the other person
acts so staying in a jail has a lot to
do a lot to do with making sure that
you're controlling the other person and
not the other way around and you're
controlling them productively not not
maliciously when I say controlling them
I mean helping them get to a good place
where they feel safe and they're
respecting you and all the things that
you needed what rich people learn how to
talk to Authority somebody said exactly
this is one of a large topic all right
now here's something that rich people
know sometimes you just gotta suck up
your ego sometimes you got to lay down
sometimes you just got to take it you
know you don't want to have many of
those situations but you got to know
when it's when it's presented to you and
you got to know when to take it alright
that's all for now I'm gonna keep this
yeah it wasn't that short but that's the
I think you got the general point of
this I hope it's helpful at least a
little bit