[Music]
bum-bum-bum hey everybody come on in
here I'm coming to you from my phone
instead of my iPad so the sound will be
a little bit different so I've been
thinking about this story that now seems
like it was a year ago but do you
remember are you old enough to remember
the summit with Putin I think it was a
week ago it seems now so many news
cycles ago and well there are a few
things I want to say about that first of
all have you noticed that the Michael
Cohen story has just pushed the summit
stuff down to the down to the minor news
footnotes on the page of CNN so sure
enough new news pushed the old news you
know down down the chute a little bit
but I wanted to talk about the most
puzzling part about the last week and I
have to admit it was puzzling to me too
but I want to propose a way to look at
it that would make sense and the the the
thing I'm talking about is when a
president Trump was asked did he think
that Russian Russians were meddling with
with our elections I guess and President
Trump said I don't know why they would
now later he corrected that too
I meant to say I don't know why they
wouldn't to make that compatible with
what he'd said several times before
which we have on videotape he said it in
public a number of times that he does
believe that they that they meddled
and so he was making a statement in
public compatible with what he said
before and what he said after which is
yes they meddled so he said I don't know
why they wouldn't but but most people
clearly heard wood and it's kind of
puzzling why would you stand up there
and say that it doesn't even make sense
as a lie right so it just was just sort
of weird and so I proposed a way to
understand it if you think of President
Trump as someone who is talking about
facts then it doesn't make any sense at
all
but he doesn't usually talk about facts
he is living in the persuasion realm
so he's persuading and he's selling all
the time and we see with Russia that
he's brought the carrot and the stick
the carrot is that you know they can be
friends and they can make a lot of money
and we could you know all be safer if
they're our friend which I don't think
has ever been as clear before with prior
administration's with Trump it seems
true that we could get along and then
the the stick of course is the sanctions
and you know the threat of getting
getting worse if Putin doesn't be our
friend essentially so if you look at it
that way that what Trump is trying to do
is persuade the reason he's being nice
to Putin in public is that he's trying
to persuade etc and somebody who's
somebody online was saying that it was
embarrassing and I thought to myself
there's a good example of someone who
uses ego as a tool versus an obstacle
Trump was putting his own ego lower than
Putin's for the purpose of persuasion so
he was using his own ego as a tool
now we don't believe that President
the thinks he's you know you know we
don't think he has any confidence
problems so it's obvious that you saw
him ramped down his ego for a specific
strategic purpose to persuade now when
he said the he said that I don't see why
Trump would think of that as a hypnotist
imagine if you will be and it's easy to
imagine that President Trump isn't a
normal politician he's a lot closer to
what I've been calling a master
persuader
well not close to it he is and when he
stands next to you and he says I don't
see any reason he would it just doesn't
mean the same thing as when somebody
else says it because I don't see why he
would doesn't get to fact it's not a
fact he's getting through reasons and
he's getting to motivation so he's
basically framing the situation as Putin
no longer has a reason it wasn't
intended to be factual this is just one
you know hypothesis of how you could
understand it that it wasn't intended to
be factual it was intended to frame it
and be persuasive because he just said
Jackie have to carrot if you're good
gigantic stick urine super trouble if
you're if you do anything like this
again and given that frame I don't see
why he would and I thought about it and
everybody who's evaluating that has
evaluated as a statement of fact that I
don't see why he would meaning metal in
the election is a statement that he
doesn't believe he did in other words a
statement about what the facts are but
if you look at the sentence I don't see
why he would
it's talking about putin's and
motivations i don't see why he would
what's the reason he's not talking about
whether it happened or didn't he's
talking specifically about putin's
motivation which he had just changed in
other words he just came from a meeting
in which in all likelihood President
Trump made a big impact on Putin's
motivations his reason for messing with
us now if you think that Putin messes
with the United States and we don't mess
back or that it's not at least some kind
of a tit for tat for tab for tit for tit
for tat forever if you don't think
that's what's going on it just looks
like Putin is being a dick and it's hard
to imagine what he would get out of that
the only way Putin's that motivations
make sense and you know I'm not a super
spy so maybe maybe somebody else has a
better sense of this but the only way it
makes sense to continually poke a
superpower that can poke you back very
very hard as if the superpower is
already poking in which case you've got
to create enough pain in the other
direction that you've got a little bit
of you know mutually assured destruction
going on so it's entirely possible that
what President Trump did was remove
Putin's reasons now how do you explain
that to the press you can't you know a
president Trump can't go to the press
and say I talked to Putin I removed his
reason because that were that would be
bad persuasion if Putin saw that he
would say what I mean are you trying to
you know manipulate me it was just the
sort of thing you can't say if you're
being effective so so if you look back
on that event now where if you imagine
that the president just came out of a
meeting where he had removed Putin's
reason
and he was also here's another key part
of this was also in effect these are my
own words giving Putin a virtual pardon
for past deeds now that's not to say any
of those pasties he's accused of are
okay you know I'm not minimizing them
I'm just saying that for practical
reasons you may have to not focus on
them in order to move forward and so if
the president removed Putin's reasons
for messing with us in the future and he
thought he was giving him a virtual
pardon at the same time suddenly the
sentence makes sense I don't see why he
would am I crazy if you imagine that
we're not talking about the facts we're
only talking about Putin's motivation
and the President believes he had just
got done with a meeting in which he had
changed Putin's motivation whether he
succeeded or not we don't know but he
probably thought he did doesn't it sound
entirely plausible that you would say I
don't know why you would now imagine the
press interprets that as you don't
believe it's true
and then they challenge you on it what
would the president say to that would he
say yeah under this theory would he say
well hold on I was just trying to
persuade Putin you know that wasn't for
you
that wasn't for you guys I was just
trying to persuade Putin he can't really
say that kenia so you're gonna have to
come up with some ridiculous story about
why you framed it as you did which was a
frame that removes the reason for the
war now keep in mind that this is the
same thing that Trump did with Kim
jong-il president Trump removed kim's
reason
for having nukes because he offered him
a better deal he made a credible offer
partly because he's trumped and not an
ideologue he's not connected to the you
know the military-industrial complex
there he could make a credible offer to
Kim look being her friends a great meal
being our enemies terrible so he just
took the reason the way Kim doesn't have
a reason anymore you know he's got a lot
of inertia and you know it's not gonna
be easy to to move to a denuclearization
it might take a while but he doesn't
have a reason to build up nukes and send
them our way and if you if you look at
that same strategy which was apparently
successful and you see that he's
applying it in the Russia case one way
to understand it and I don't know if
that was true by the way somebody says
your voice makes me smell my Grimm my
grandma I'm not sure I know what that
means but it's funny so anyway now that
you've heard that potential explanation
of events does it does it sound feasible
at all do a little you know not
fact-checking but you know give me the
smell test on them so I got some yes no
yes yes thumbs up feasible yes sure all
right so I'm not going to say that
that's actually what happened but I am
going to say that it makes perfect sense
given that it's the same play he did in
North Korea and that a master persuader
would stand next to somebody and say
something like I don't know why he would
does that reframes the reason the way
let's talk about Michael Cohen
so apparently Michael Cohen taped his
conversations with President Trump and
that there seems to be as far as we know
one at least one problematic tape
talking about paying off the Playboy
Playmate now if you were just narrating
this like a movie how how interesting or
coincidental or I don't even know what
to call it is it they're only just a few
days ago what was the top story that
President Trump was you know humiliating
he was doing something humiliating and
already the story is that
basically you can't hear that story
without thinking about him getting busy
with a Playboy Playmate Playmate of the
Year I think and it takes your head to
such a completely different place but
where that place is the people who are
Trump supporters have already made peace
with that you know that's they knew what
they were getting there's a great scene
from the old Sopranos show where Tony
Soprano was having a an argument with
his wife and and Tony Soprano soprano
says you knew what you were getting and
I think when we elected trub I would
have been a little bit disappointed and
I'm not even kidding
I'm not even kidding when I say this I
would have been a little bit
disappointed if there had never been any
Karen McDougal stormy stormy Daniels
kind of stories like didn't you spend a
little bit of time thinking I know
there's got to be better stories I know
somebody's got something better than
you know the the mean thing he said once
there's got to be something there so I
would have been very disappointed if we
didn't have a little something so the
people who were imagining that Michael
Cowan was going to be the ruin of Trump
maybe they'll still have their day but
if I had to bet minor irritation so you
know it's entirely possible there might
be something horrible on those tapes
that will take the president out but I'm
going to say that you know the
likelihood is that it will sound you
know interesting enough to be headlines
for a while and it'll just be a minor
irritation so that's my prediction minor
irritation not know kind of a kill shot
could be wrong though we nobody knows
that's you've got my prediction all
right anything else we need to talk
about oh one more thing so I was
watching CNN talking about the
ridiculous offer that Putin made that
you know we Muller could go talk to
their suspects if he could talk to some
people in this country including our
diplomats and and of course you know the
Senate voted ninety eight to zero to not
let that happen I don't know what power
they have over
but and of course the public was pretty
much a hundred percent against making
that happen and even the diplomat was
like what the hell you know are you
kidding me are you even considering this
now here's one of those cases where I've
argued that social media is running the
country because even if the Congress
even if the Senate had not voted 98 to
zero against it even if the president
hadn't already said now you know that
was never that was never an option we
were never gonna send anybody to Russia
to be interviewed so even if none of
that happened
the public was pretty much yeah when you
say the public was a hundred percent
against that so it really couldn't have
happened so CNN is covering it as if
it's something that could have happened
like can you imagine that this was on
the table etc but it's a little like
saying let's let's harness the energy
from all the flying unicorns and then
having having CNN argue about how much
energy you camera cannot get from a
flying unicorn because there are no
flying unicorns so if somebody says
we're gonna harness the energy from a
flying unicorn it doesn't really make
sense to argue about how much you're
gonna get right and it was the same
thing with this student offer of the oh
you can talk to our guys we'll talk to
your guys it was sort of a flying
unicorn you don't really need to treat
that like it was ever possible it never
crossed you never got into that general
realm of maybe that might happen that
was never a possibility all right that's
all I got for now I got other things to
do and I'll talk to you later
you