[Music]
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams you've
never had a better time if you want to
take your experience up to levels that
know human can understand with their
tiny shiny human brains well all you
need is a cuper muger a glass of tanker
chel of Stein a k Jer of flask of vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure of the dope iMed
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called that's right the
simultaneous zp
go ah
that was just what I needed well would
you like to hear some good news about
coffee of course you would well it turns
out that the uh there's some kind of
ingredient in coffee the
polyphenols that can uh help your
cognitive deficits that are caused by
childhood stress did you know that
childhood trauma and stress can make you
dumb your whole life it'll hurt your
brain but apparently you can fix your
brain
with
coffee now what kind of science is
this it's the kind I want to believe
because
it's it agrees with me and I like coffee
so should you trust the science well I
don't know 50% chance this study can't
be reproduced if it's like every other
study but I'm going to believe this one
because I like
coffee well if you haven't seen the
Dilbert reborn comic let me show you
what you're missing
here I can only show you the first two
panels unless you're a subscriber so you
you'd have to be a subscriber to Know
How It Ends but how it starts is Catbird
is talking to the boss and he says I got
the employee political survey results
every employee claims to be a Democrat
except for one Trump supporter and the
boss says send me the one Trump
supporter and I'll make up some reason
to fire him
well that's all I can tell
you I wonder who that will be who who
will be that one employee H how will
that go Mysteries Mysteries but if you'd
like to subscribe you can do that either
on XC my profile for the button or on
locals where you get a lot more
including the robots read news comic
every day which has about five jokes a
day in
it um here's something that is so cool
and potentially awesome so one of the
biggest costs in shipping is the ship
itself if you need to especially now
with the hoodies making people go the
long way so the cost of shipping is
gigantic and fuel is a big part of that
of course but there's this new way to
build tubes on big tankers where it's
just this big cylinder and the cylinder
doesn't move so it's not like a sail in
the sense that it's not you know
grabbing the wind like a sail does what
it does is somehow the wind just goes
past it in any direction it would have
several these big tube Towers on each
boat and the wind will get compressed
into the tubes and then somehow they can
shoot it out the back of the boat and
reduce the energy assump uh the energy
consumption by 50 to
90% And and you the wind doesn't need to
be blowing in One Direction because
these are tubes so no matter what
direction the wind is coming the tube
transfers it into some kind of energy
that propels the boat there might be
more details than that than I understand
but apparently they've already tested it
and it looks good now just imagine that
a 50 to 90% reduction in the energy cost
of your
ship that's pretty amazing but that that
might be
coming and Engineers are using AI to
figure out a much faster way to make
nuclear power as you might know it takes
in the US 20 years to get approval and
to design the thing and all that but if
you use AI to design it a BYU professor
has figured out it could maybe take 10
years off the process 10 years is not
nearly enough to take off the process we
need to take probably 15 years off the
process if we can get a nuclear power
plant down to 5 Years From idea to
completion then we would be a
competitive country and uh I think you
uh I'm sorry I just saw a very funny
meme go by on the
locals locals platform
anyway uh here's another story that
sounds like a small story but it's
actually a big story well there's not
much bigger than that nuclear power one
if you could get nuclear power in the US
from 20 years down to
five you know maybe this is only the
first half of that but that's everything
basically it's the difference between
surviving and not
surviving uh but Chad GPT has a new
upgrade it's not ruled down to everybody
yet but apparently they've made some big
efficiency gains in the conversational
part now I've demonstrated to a lot of
my subscribers on locals uh
conversations with chat GPT where I'll
ask it a question it'll answer and we'll
have a little conversation and it's kind
of miraculous already but the one thing
it doesn't do well is be fluent and
fast so this is this would be me talking
to uh AI in the current version before
the upgrade that's here now the current
version I'd say hey uh AI can you tell
me something about the Sumerian
culture then I
wait and then I weigh some more and then
I'm not sure if it heard me cuz
sometimes it did and sometimes it didn't
so now I'm not sure if I should say it
again so I start talking hey and then it
starts
talking so that that's how it has been
up to now you couldn't really have a
conversation with it you could ask it a
question and get a reply but if you
tried to go back and forth it
immediately would crap out
so now apparently they've solved that so
it'll give you a quick immediate
response full Ai and you don't know how
much that's going to change the world
because let me tell you um and and this
is by the way one of the best ways to
know how a new technology will do if the
bad version is wildly
desired it's going to do really
well you know I use cell phones as the
ultimate an example or smartphones
especially when smartphones came out
they were basically
useless but boy do you want one anyway I
mean speaking for myself so if you can
make a product that's useless and
everybody wants it really badly that's
really predictive the internet was like
that when it first came out couldn't get
to anything there were no websites but
boy did everybody want it really really
really wanted it and I can tell you from
my brief experience talking to AI if
they've solved the fluency thing where I
can have a genuine conversation that
could last as long as I
want uh my car rides are going to be
completely different I mean it's for
especially if you're especially if
you're single if you're single this is
like a transformational technology I
don't think you understand how big this
is seems like a small thing it's not
it's maybe the biggest thing in AI so
far if it
works anyway Michael mice was on Joe
Rogan recently and he had a great
characterization of K Harris as a wine
mom and he talked about the three stages
of wine moms you know the first one's
the happy one where you're laughing too
hard and then there's a couple other
stages after
that and once you hear it the wine mom
reference it's hard not to see her as a
wine mom she you know even in her rally
yesterday I don't think she was drinking
like she didn't come across to me as
she'd had a drink before the rally but
her Persona is
such that you can still sort of imagine
it so I'm trying to be honest about the
fact that sometimes she looks
legitimately drunk in
public but other times she definitely
doesn't there there's not a trace of it
and I think yesterday there was no trace
of any you know alcohol impairment but
keep an eye on
that um CNN Jake Tapper had an interview
with Reed Hoffman biggest donor I think
he's the biggest donor now to the
Democrats and asked him about his
opinion that the head of the who is it
the
F Lena Khan the Anti-Trust enforcer that
must be the FTC head of the FTC
so Reed
Hoffman is the biggest owner or one of
them to the Democrats
and he's saying that he wants somebody
who's in charge to be
fired now Jake Tapper
says isn't this a little uh you know I'm
going to paraphrase Jake he didn't use
any of these words but my own words for
what he said was isn't this kind of
suspicious and creepy that you're giving
them money but you're also asking for
something specific like firing a person
now he'd want to fire that person as he
explained because his if he puts his
business business hat on it's somebody
who's bad for business so his
explanation Reed Hoffman's was he can
separate when he's talking as an expert
in business oh I'm an expert in business
this person is bad for business they
should be replaced versus when he
donates where he doesn't ask for
anything he's just
donating and it was hilarious to watch
Jake Tapper actually laugh at him
because his answer was so
unbelievable yeah as Jake explained well
you know I see what you're saying but
you're one person you're you're not
really it's not like you're clones
you're the same person who gives the
money who's asking for the big change in
the government so you could understand
how people looking at this would looking
like you're buying some influence over
the
government and uh you know Reed did the
best job he
could explaining that those are
different Ms and by the way I agree with
him I agree with him it's a free
country and he's transparent because
everything that was discussed he does
publicly he publicly funds
Democrats H and he's proud of it and he
publicly thinks that the head of the FTC
is a bad choice and should go so I I
have to say I'm really glad that CNN dug
into that so we could understand it
better but when things are fully
transparent and also completely
legal it's hard for me to complain too
much that's that's just the system we
have so I guess I guess just being
transparent is the best we can do on
that uh you may know already that the
political leader of Hamas was taken out
everybody assumes Israel did that uh but
he was taken out in tan he was visiting
Iran and staying at some guest Villa or
guest home and uh it went
explody now I don't think uh Israel is
taking responsibility but they don't
have to you nobody's going to be
surprised but
uh apparently his mistake was uh staying
at an
Airbnb the BNB meaning bomb you in your
bed yeah bomb you in your bed Airbnb
from the air I don't know where the B
came from but it was an explody
situation I think was he shot or I don't
know somehow he was
murdered so what do you think U Iran is
going to say about
that um first of all I was surprised
that that guy is the political leader of
Hamas because I thought that Salon War
guy was head but maybe he's
the um the military head so they have
more than one head of Hamas I guess now
this guy was the political Ed was some
say he was more moderate but come on how
moderate could he be and uh some say he
made you know billions of dollars by
charging for illegal Goods coming under
the tunnel into Gaza so that oh sinir
sinir is his name not
SAR sin
sinir yeah so they've got some more
Hamas leaders who have to make sure they
don't stay at an Arab BNB so to
speak now of course the Iranian military
commander says be prepared to tell the
zist that punishment is coming and then
come Comm
Comm the uh Grand leader over there said
following This Bitter tragic event which
has taken place within the borders of
the Islamic Republic it is our duty to
take
revenge so
[Music]
have you wondered what it would take for
Israel just to kill the leader of
Iran do you think they're close to that
and do you think the only reason that
hasn't happened so far is that um they
were able to anytime they wanted to
because they probably know where he is
all the time um do you think that Israel
could have killed the supreme leader of
Iran anytime they wanted it's just that
they thought it' be too much blowback to
be worth
doing I feel like they're very close to
thinking there won't be much
blowback meaning that they'd be better
off just taking out the leader of Iran
so I wouldn't be super surprised if that
happen sometime around election day why
would it be around election day well to
take the pressure
off it'd be a good way to hide some
really dangerous news under the news
that's you know impossible to ignore
which is our elections so if I were the
supreme leader of Iran I'd be really
uncomfortable in the next few months
because I think the green light is there
I think if Iran green is supporting the
Gaza or not Gaza but the Hamas Fighters
and the Hamas Fighters attacked
Israel Israel probably has a totally
ethical
moral you know resp resps so I would not
be surprised if they take out the leader
of
Iran I wouldn't bet on it but I think
we're up to maybe a 30% chance that's
going to happen in the next few months
so get ready for
that um apparently according to uh
somebody named Benjamin d craker k r a k
r I'm going to pronounce that Cracker
because it's funny I don't know how he
pronounces it
but cracker is just funnier so his name
is uh bendy
cracker so Ben bendy
cracker uh
that's that sounds like a Democrat sex
party but that's just me so apparently
there's a new kind of AI Sam Sam version
two they can run on local devices
including a
drone so now even if your drone gets
jammed so it doesn't have GPS let's say
you've got a military drone um the AI
can come on and complete the
mission because I assume the AI could
just look at the ground and look at a
map and it has in its memory and say oh
you know based on my map and my memory I
must be over this target so
militarily it looks like AI added to
drones is now very much a thing
and I don't know if uh AI can natively
do facial recognition or if that's a
separate module I think the facial
facial recognition would require data
about existing faces so AI doesn't
necessarily have that automatically but
if you added facial recognition which
doesn't seem like the biggest technical
obstacle you would have a drone that
could sort of hang around an area and
just look for somebody maybe it could
identify y them first by the way they
walk or their height or who they're with
but then get a little closer before it
lets the bullet out so you could imagine
a drone just sort of hanging around an
area that let's say some habas leader or
Iranian leader is at and you know if
after a couple hours nothing's there
maybe it just goes home or
something but if somebody comes out and
gets in that limousine
uh the Drone says wait bunch of
important people getting in a limousine
I care about that then maybe go down for
a closer look and see if I can see a
face and then if I can see a
face guns go hot and bad things
happen
so so that's
coming there's a Bloomberg pole that
says Harris is pulling ahead in
Battleground States
um on average he notched 48% to 47 in
the Battleground States now what do you
need to know about the Bloomberg
poll well is Bloomberg a trusted name in
political
commentary not my opinion in my opinion
Bloomberg is not a credible source for
either a poll or any kind of news or or
story I say that because they wrote a
hit piece about me in 2016 which was
clearly politically motivated totally
 and was meant to take me out of
the conversation so Bloomberg here's my
revenge I think none of you should see
them as a credible source for anything
political including anything they put
their name on even if it's different
people so if they're putting their name
on this poll and oh big surprise it's
exactly the poll you predicted wasn't it
how many of you said the minute that k
is the candidate there will be a fake
poll one of the ones that you know is
fake and it will say oh she's already
winning so that everybody would get
excited and they would donate money and
they'd think we can win this we can win
this and here it is it's exactly when
you expected it and it's expect and it's
coming from exactly the kind of entity
you would expect to be fake now I don't
know for sure if you say can you prove
that the poll is fake no it's just
exactly what you predicted and it's
coming from a non-credible source
Bloomberg as a brand is not credible as
somebody to tell you what's
true so it looks fake that's all we know
for
now but there are other polls Nate
Silver's prediction he he gives it uh
percentages so his latest is that Trump
has a
61.3%
61.3% chance of winning in an electoral
college sense maybe not the popular vote
now is Nate Silver's prediction more
reliable than
Bloomberg well probably not here's why I
think Nate silver is trying to get the
right answer as opposed to a political
answer but he's he's looking at I think
he looks at other people's polls and
then does his little magic calculations
to figure out the odds but any poll
that's a week old is
useless because the the magic uh
transformation of Harris from one of the
people to be considered to the greatest
politician since Barack Obama and maybe
better because she's a woman because
she's dancing backwards with high heels
damn it
so I wouldn't trust Nate Silver's
current numbers but not because I don't
trust Nate silver because I do I think
he's actually trying to give real
answers you know based on his I say that
based on his activity on X he seems very
cleanly able to see things on both sides
and you know talk about the bigger
picture so it does seem like he's trying
to get the right answer and he has the
right kind of tools but if he's looking
at any poles that are weak old they're
useless so I would say let's put a pin
in the Nate silver prediction and say
check that in a week see if that changes
I'd expect expect it to change because
the other polls that he looks at I think
will be
updated um let's see how about the RCP
average that's real clear politics so
they take an average of the existing
polls and they still have Trump up the
highest ever at 48% versus 46 for Harris
now I the same problem with that one I
assume that the average of polls
includes polls that were before or
Harris became the superstar that they
made her through brainwashing in the
last few days so wait for that to we'll
see what I expect is that the polls will
be basically Tie by election
day um because of brainwashing and
that's all it
takes Mike Ben warns us about uh what he
what he's calling transition Integrity
project 2.0 transition Integrity project
1.0 if I understand it correctly was
some war games that the Democrats did in
which they got together and tried to
game out what would happen if Trump won
the election and how they could keep him
from taking
power and and one of the plans if I
understand it correctly was to uh field
a slate of alternate electors does that
sound
familiar yeah when they War gamed what
they would do if Trump won one of the
explicit written things they planned to
do was maybe have some fake
electors you know the thing that Trump
got impeached for when they were
wargaming it they thought it was
perfectly
acceptable when Trump actually did it
they said it must be impeached it's an
Insurrection and now apparently
something like that is being
reconstituted to plan what I would call
an
Insurrection but they would call the
side the interraction that's how they
work anyway let's talk about the ongoing
framing of the use of the word
weird uh and all the Democrats saying
you're weird you're weird I saw somebody
argue that it wasn't an organized
campaign but rather uh there was just
one governor who said it and then people
said oh that's good and I'll copy it do
you believe that do you believe it was
just somebody heard one person say it
they said yeah that's good I'll say that
too
no yeah maybe one person said it first
and it's possible that you know somebody
at the top said yeah that's good let's
let's try that but I don't think so I
think this came from a
professional and somebody who actually
is professional in Persuasion didn't
look like it came from a politician
because it's too good it's too good
because it's perfectly
makes you not think about
policy sort of like the he's going to be
a dictator and steal your
democracy the beauty of that is that
there's no policy related to that you
just scare people and then they think
they know something oh I know something
he's going to steal my
democracy yeah it's like
that but uh as I posted yesterday um
nobody nobody
normal never changed
anything so if you're worried about
being
weird maybe
stop nobody normal ever did anything
good everything that changed the world
in a good way was from somebody who was
a weirdo so I think you know it's not
quite the deplorable situation where the
word deplorable is so fun that you might
you want to make a t-shirt about it and
call yourself a deplorable
it's not that fun but I would say that
being weird is certainly not what I'm
not proud
of I'm a little bit proud of being
different from other people now my view
is that identity politics is stupid
because it doesn't understand that
people are infinitely different no
matter what they have that's the same
we're just so so different uh everybody
not just you know whites from blacks or
men from women just everybody like if
you said Scott you're a man do I have to
take on everything that every man has
ever done like is that is that my
responsibility no how about I am
completely unique and that's the only
thing I want to defend I don't want to
defend that white people invented things
if they weren't me I don't care if white
people invented things good for them but
it's not good for me I didn't invent a
damn thing
well I mean I did invent a few things
but that's not what we're talking
about so um I think that the right
framing is that Trump has always been a
pirate ship uh populist do you know what
a populist is a populist is somebody who
says you're on my team even if you're
weird you're on my team even if you're
weird that's a
populist because the populist says these
are things that everybody wants and uh
you could be weird and you could be
weird and you could be weird but you all
want you all want the Constitution to be
ruling right okay good be as weird as
you want but we're all on the same page
about this constitution being a good
thing good
so how long have I been calling Trump
supporters a pirate
ship it's a pirate ship he he's bringing
in people that don't make sense on the
same team it's very weird
but it's the kind of weird I love which
is everybody's different and we can you
know be on the same team if we just have
some common Ambitions for the
country but the main thing about that
weird thing is it allows them to avoid
policy it's also a sort of a projection
thing because you know there there's
nobody weirder than the Democrats so
it's their standard projection
thing um and it also so if you can say
that Republicans are weird it has the
cult benefit of saying you don't need to
talk to
them right so it's a way to further
divide the country the the weird thing
is
divisive but what I say is the whole
pirate ship is
welcome so there's a way to turn that
into a positive message and I think
Trump does that actually very well um
but it is divisive so I think somebody
needs to point out that calling one side
weird without understanding their unique
differences and the fact that America
has some things in
common um I think it's bad
messaging anyway so K Harris did a big
rally in Georgia and uh obviously she
made lots of claims and it's her biggest
moment so as you would expect to see
Daniel Dale uh did a a very aggressive
fact check on her
claims oh wait uh no he actually didn't
uh I think he's on
vacation can somebody give me a give me
a fact Jack on my fact Jack I feel like
Daniel Dale is sort of missing an action
when KL Harris does anything is that my
imagination yeah I I need you to confirm
that because I didn't see any stories
today that K Harris told 15 lies and
Daniel Dale's calling them out didn't
you see 15 lies if you turned it on for
like a minute you saw nothing but lies
I'm I'm going to go further and say I
believe 100% of what she said was a
lie
100% now when I say lie I mean that at
the very least the context is
removed now does Trump do better than
that I don't know
I don't know maybe all politicians are
100% lying but I would say that what K
Harris says about Trump's Ambitions his
plans his that's all lies none of that's
true if you imagine that you can tell
what's true and what's not you've really
missed the last 10 years none of it's
true and if CNN doesn't have their fact
Checker working on this major first
rally the real introduction of Kell
Harris as a presidential candidate how
do you explain that and by the way if he
did fact check it I will apologize
publicly
tomorrow and I'll let you know what he
said so if I'm wrong that would be ideal
I'd like to be wrong about that but you
tell me CNN has a fact
Checker checking the presidential
candidates would presumably be the top
fact check purpose and here she is so so
where is he where's that fact
Checker probably on vacation yeah
vacation that's my
guess well K Harris did the Hillary
Clinton thing where she adopted a weird
accent to make herself sound More
Southern it's just weird when you hear
it but I will say this she looked
presidential to
me um and already you can see a change
in her in which her demeanor has
started to adjust to her lofty position
in the world so I'm seeing her change
right in front of us meaning she's
coached but also the moment is Big um I
noticed this when I was working at
Pacific Bell when somebody would get
promoted to the director job which would
be pretty well-paying job they would go
from being an ordinary weak employee
that would not be impressive at all
but 6 months later they were acting like
leaders and they would just change their
personality entirely and just sort of
adopt what they thought a leader was
supposed to act like and then they would
act like it and actually sell it you
know it it didn't seem fake it just
looked like they actually grew into the
job and it happened kind of quickly so
that's what I'm observing with KL
Harris that she is
already shown growth into the job of
being the leading candidate on the
Democrat side and I think it's different
I I think she's got a seriousness I
think her I think her advisers are
better she probably prepares more when
she goes out to do something because all
the stakes are higher so you'd expect
that
so she had her uh usual statements like
uh she wants you to be have more freedom
from
Guns more
freedom from Guns uh let's see what I'm
looking at
here Trump is pulling 10 points Better
Than This Day in
2020 yeah I don't believe any of
that I don't believe any polls at the
moment it's going to take a week or so
for the kamla Harris brainwashing that
that's just massively hitting the
country to work its way into the polls I
think this she'll probably be ahead in
the polls by election day unless we have
new surprises but we probably will have
new
surprises all right so she wants to uh
ban uh the AR type rifles and she wants
red flag laws to take guns from people
who have I guess mental problems or
other problems Universal background
checks um so that sounds like a gun grab
to Second Amendment people and uh she's
unbelievably if you want to know how
well the brainwashing is working
unbelievably she's making the case that
she did more for the Border than
Trump so K Harris is selling two
messages at the same time I was not the
borders are are you kidding I wasn't the
Border are and number two I did way more
for the Border than Trump
did you know you might say to yourself
you need to choose one of those you
either either weren't in
charge and therefore you're not
responsible or you were in charge in
which case you are responsible but she's
chosen the most magical position that
she wasn't
thear but yet she fixed the Border
better than Trump despite all
observation and data clearly indicating
the radical
opposite and part of the argument is
that uh Trump got Republicans to turn
down the Border
deal now you know that trick right so
they're they know that they're uh their
base will not know what was in that
border deal and they will think oh that
border deal would have sealed the border
and the Republicans turned it down for
politics is that what
happened do you think they turned it
down just for politics now of course
there was a political element to it but
do you think that plan was going to
close the border
of course not no it was I don't know the
details but even without looking at the
details here's what I'll say with
confidence it would have made it more
efficient to process more people into
the country and they would have said
well they're coming in Legally because
they're coming through the Asylum
process and now we process them much
faster so we have no illegals because we
turned everybody into a legal entrance
by having so many people to process the
Asylum people that we just redefine them
as from illegal to legal and I've solved
the illegal
Crossings now how many Democrats would
understand that's what really was going
on and that it was a trick to get the
Republicans to say
no that's what it was it was just a
trick so there's a poison pill kind of a
bill wasn't a real
Bill anyway she says I will put my
record on immigration she says says I'll
put my record against his any day of the
week and everybody
cheers um I will say that the
Republicans don't have a good answer to
that attack because when she
says you turn down the Border Bill
therefore you're the problem they don't
really I've not heard any response to it
and I think the response is you were
just trying to redefine the illegal
people as legal that's what the bill did
um that's how I
the the fastest answer is all the bill
did was let more people in but you would
call them legal because they were going
through the Asylum door something like
that well we've seen some videos now
where Harris in recent past I don't know
how long ago was asked about reparations
um reported for the root after that
should uh black people get reparations
and her answers are a little
ambiguous uh at one point she said there
have to some form of
reparations something about the
undiagnosed and untreated trauma of
slavery and it's ripple from the
past um but she did say at least in one
clip before it got rupard uh that she's
not going to do something that only
benefits black
people well that would be not
reparations wouldn't
it you know at one point I floated the
idea that you could do reparations
if you said the reason we're doing it is
for reparations but since we live in a
country where you don't want to
discriminate by race to fix race uh
we're going to do something that's good
for anybody who's in a low economic
situation such as fix uh fix
school so suppose she said we're going
to like really fix schools for everybody
who's at a bad school now that would be
way disproportionately beneficial to
Black Americans because they're they're
um they have the worst situation in
terms of the current School situation so
it would help them the most but every
single American of any color would
benefit from having the worse schools
turn into better schools so if you said
all right let's call this
reparations because we're doing it for
the reason the Black America is so
behind but we'll make sure everybody
that's in low in come gets the same
benefit I could I could live with
that I could totally live with that I
would even call it
reparations um but you have to do it the
American way you can't do it in an
unamerican way where you're just taking
my money and giving it to somebody
else because let me say it
again systemic uh systemic racism is
real I do expect that it makes sense
there some kind of generational trauma
from
slavery and I think that that has a
ripple into the current and is affecting
people alive
today also I believe your problems
aren't so special you don't have
special problems are those
problems yeah yeah they sound pretty
bad I could pick anybody at random who
has just as bad problems you get a
health problem where you sexually uh you
know
victimized are you living in a high
crime
neighborhood yeah do you have uh
psychological
problems yeah your your magical black
problems are not special They Might Be
unique but they're not special
they're not magical special
Problems if you tell me you want to fix
the problem with school is bad
everywhere that's not magic that's just
common
sense so if you want to do something is
common sense I'm all in but no I don't
want to feed your special magical
 problems I don't care I have no
interest in your special magical
problems so that's where I
stand uh let's talk about Venezuela so
you know the situation there the Maduro
the so-called dictator stole the
election say everybody who's observing
it and that the challengers really won
but Maduro is claiming they
didn't and Maduro went further and says
the CIA he just made this statement the
other day or yesterday the he says the
CIA killed johnf Kennedy tried to kill
Donald Trump and wants to coup his
government I now I have a question for
you has every populist presidential
candidate of the United States been
shot cuz I I was trying to think of
presidents who've been
shot all right so you got Trump he's
populist you got Reagan I would call him
a
populist and Kennedy was not maybe a
populist in the normal way but he was
unusually
popular like popular Beyond just the
party so in a way he was like a populist
in that
sense um didn't um didn't Teddy
Roosevelt G
shot and wasn't he a populist do all of
our populist presidents get
shot am am I wrong I'm not good on
presidential history but it feels like
everybody
who was a populist got
shot so does Maduro have a uh does he
have a point that the populist
presidents of the United States are
going to get shot by their own
intelligence
agency I'd say he's got a a point worthy
of
discussion I don't know what's true but
it's certainly worth a
discussion um and are they is the United
States trying to coup his government of
course they are of course they are yeah
obviously now that doesn't mean it's
wrong it doesn't mean it's bad for ven
as well if the United States is trying
to coup him and get him out of office
and that's a separate conversation but
yeah of course now Chris Murphy was a
big KL Harris um adviser I
guess he's making the case that Biden
cleverly was hurting
Maduro by removing the sanctions so he
could have money and run for power again
in a country that was doing better
because the sanctions had been
removed now you need to help me connect
the dots cuz I can't quite connect them
in my own head but Chris Murphy is
basically
arguing that under Trump who had
sanctions on Venezuela there was no
leverage because it was just sanctions
and they were going to do what they were
going to do but that Biden cleverly took
the sanctions off in return for a
promise to hold elections fair and free
elections so what did Maduro do he held
totally rigged
elections so he got all the money from
Biden with the sanctions removed and
then he didn't give anything back
because he did a fake election so Chris
Murphy is saying that this is a big move
in the right
direction because it uh I think the
argument is that it rallied the
opposition so now the opposition might
be strong enough to topple the dictator
because he had the fake election which
activated the
public do you buy that here's the thing
you don't know what would have happened
if Trump had been in office and kept the
sanctions on what would have happened
don't know don't know um but we'll never
know because the sanctions were removed
now was that a terrible situation for
the citizens to be in yes were the
citizens better off with the sanctions
removed I assume
so so it did give some relief to the
Venezuelans and it did unleash this
gigantic opposition party and it did
reveal that Maduro was cheating in the
election in an obvious way is that
enough
to get the control of the country away
from
Maduro I don't know if it does then it's
going to look kind of smart if it
doesn't might look less smart but maybe
not much better or worse than the
sanctions idea maybe there was just
nothing you could
do maybe there was just nothing you
could do but what I'd expect is that
there will be an assassination attempt
on President Maduro and it will be a a
young male who uh who doesn't have
anything on social
media there's going to be some sketchy
assassination attempt I think or or some
CIA back
C but uh we'll
see I saw a video of police officers
allegedly taking off their official
shirts to join the protesters but I
don't think we can necessarily believe
those are real those could be CIA
planted you know maybe it happened one
place and they're trying to make it look
like it's bigger so we'll keep an eye on
Venezuela but to me the the big takeaway
is that uh governments can rig elections
and still stay in
power that's a pretty big
takeaway governments can rig an election
right in front of you in a way that's
obvious and they can remain in power and
uh if you think the court system in
Venezuela is going to help out I
wouldn't expect it any more than the
American court system and for largely
similar
reasons all right um there is a uh
social media site called Gab
you know sort of a ex Twitter competitor
kind and uh allegedly the shooter the
Trump assassination shooter Crooks uh
was allegedly had an account there and
allegedly it was more um Pro Biden
anti-trump but the uh the authorities
are saying that they have not validated
it was definitely
his I don't know how long that takes
little suspicious they don't know if
it's his but I guess the uh CEO of Gab
wanted everybody to know but we don't
know if it's
true don't
know well there's a lot of intrigue
going on in this project 2025 situation
which as you know the Heritage
Foundation put together a 900 page
document of what Trump should do if
elected a lot of it was more extreme
right than Trump's positions so there
was a big conflict there and it allowed
the Democrats to say see see look at all
this extreme stuff Trump wants to do
then Trump would say no no that's not my
plan uh I like them and some of them
worked for me and you know we're all
friends but you know that's their plan
not mine now of course that didn't work
at all because if there's somebody
prominent with connections to Trump who
have an extreme plan the Democrats
reasonably I would say are going to say
look look this is what you could get if
Trump selected so so I think the
Democrats had unfortunately a good
point that that this group that were
associated with Trump wouldn't put
together this set of ideas unless they
thought there was some chance it could
happen you know I imagine they left out
any ideas that were literally impossible
even if they liked them so it would send
a a message that maybe Trump could
Embrace those ideas later so it puts him
in an awkward situation
but apparently the uh person who is
heading that project has uh stepped down
from the role of being in charge of it
now that doesn't mean that the Project's
dead or because it's already written
basically it's a document so when it's
done it's sort of done you know they've
done whatever
publicity and uh but the Trump campaign
was trying to dance on their grave a
little bit and you know get them to back
down even further so that there's more
distance between the campaign and their
messaging and
uh so Trump in his campaign said reports
of project 202's demise would be greatly
welcomed so this came from the campaign
managers for Trump would be greatly
welcomed and should serve as notice to
anyone or any group trying to misre
represent their influence with President
Trump and his campaign it will not end
well for you they said it uh uh so this
is campaign managers Chris levita and
Susie wilds and they wrote quote
president Trump's campaign has been very
clear for over a year that project 2025
had nothing to do with the campaign did
not speak for the campaign and should
not be associated with it right
so so Trump's people trying to put some
distance to it but apparently there's
some extra Intrigue involved in the
story I don't know the details but Mike
cerovich is all over this and he says
Trump's campaign manager once attorney
general Ken Paxton Texas Attorney
General jailed wanted Trump indicted for
January 6 and is now purging all of the
loyal former Trump staffers from you
know prior
elections so there's
a there's some issue about the people
working on Project 2025 whether they
were loyal soldiers who should have been
wrapped into the
Administration and uh that maybe the
Trump's campaign managers are not the
best pick for Staffing Etc now I don't
have an independent opinion of that so
I'm just going to tell you that that U
that controversy is swirling
around um the questions I would ask
would be why would Trump have somebody
as his campaign manager who thought that
uh uh he should be indicted for January
6
now my best guess is that he said at
some point okay this was a total mistake
I misread this January 6 was not what I
thought it was I'm all in on your side
president
Trump so probably like a lot of other
Republicans who were anti-trump on
January 6 because people had a lot of
criticism a lot of it deserved and I
think just people came to terms with it
and probably just said you know what I
was against it I spoke out against it
but now that I see all the evidence I've
got a different opinion kind we work
together so something like that probably
happened but I'd be worried about it I
don't know about the Ken Paxton part
that's a little
alarming so but at the same time I would
say that the project 2025 is
messaging was very unpleasant for the
Trump campaign's chances I think it hurt
them and
therefore was bad because it gave an
easy target for the uh for the bad guys
to go
after now there is an argument that
Trump should not try to give anything to
anybody uh don't bow to any pressure
from the outside and it was sort of
outside pressure that made him disavow
the 2025
project
but I I think that Trump is the only one
who gets to say what his message is and
if there's somebody confusing his
messaging they have to they have to be
removed so to
me um Trump's campaign against project
2025 is completely completely
appropriate and has nothing to do with
the people has nothing to do with the
ideas in it it's just you can't have two
campaigns there's only one person who
should be saying what Trump's you know
strategies are and polic IES it should
be Trump as as the campaign is
communicating you can't have this like
Shadow campaign that's trying to
influence the president in a variety of
ways that's a bad bad bad bad look so
we'll see if anything changes
there uh I saw Mike Ben and of course
other people politicians asking tell us
who's in charge of the the standown
order in the Secret
Service you who's in charge of saying
you know don't don't cover the roof you
know stuff like that and I'm going to
push back on
that yes we want to know everything
about who did
what we all agree on that right we all
want more information not less and we
want it faster not slower but these are
real human
beings these are these are citizens who
probably
most of them did their job there may be
a problem that happened that should not
have happened probably there may be some
communication issues that people are
arguing about like no you told me this
but no you told me that I think we need
to be
patient we don't want to be I hate it
but because they're they're citizens and
they may have been loyal patriotic
service members for a long time the
people who' have been in the military
you know people who' have been secret
service for decades maybe these are not
the people I want to play fast and loose
with because there's some political
Advantage I would like to see the Secret
Service and the local police and
everybody involved be 100%
protected and I don't care how long that
takes so I will wait if it takes a year
to figure out who is guilty so we don't
throw somebody on the bus just cuz their
name came up I'm good with that I'm good
with that is that acceptable that it
takes a year to find out well not as a
person who wants to know what happened
and I want to know want to know it now
but on the other hand I will not support
throwing anybody under the bus until
they know exactly what happened and they
need to know that internally before they
tell us any names by the time I hear a
name for the first time I want to hear
everybody's cleared or we're firing
somebody and here's the name then you
can tell me but I do not want to hear
any names until you know exactly what
happened now does that give them the
opportunity to hide the information
forever
yes and I'm completely aware that that's
part of the risk but I just can't take
that grp group of people who literally
put their yeah this is a group of people
who put their body in front of a bullet
to protect your own
leaders I'm not going to throw them
under the bus take as long as you need
but we're
impatient we can be
impatient all right let's uh do a little
uh update on the brainwashing and the
Democrat game so far let's say we have
confirmed that the search engines are
rigged as we expected they would be
Google says it's some kind of anomaly or
mistake or I don't know maybe we should
improve this so Google looks like
they're lying and it looks like they
rigged their search engines if you look
for Trump it'll get show you Harris's
accomplishments if you searched for
Trump assassination it would just hide
it like it didn't exist meta held you
know hid the actual image of trump
pumping his fist so every every look
looks like gets gamed and that would be
enough to take the election let me say
it again I don't think there's any
chance the search engines are going to
be fixed they'll just you know Kick the
Can and change how they do it and say
they fixed it but they didn't and this
is enough to determine the
race so if nothing changed Harris wins
because the search engines are obviously
gamed um then we've got the mail in vote
Advantage uh which we assume allows
massive cheating and Democrats have an
advantage in that because they're more
mail and voting organized let's say both
legally and maybe
illegally so that should be good for
erors they you've got the fake polls uh
Bloomberg I think is non-credible as a
polling entity or anything really
involving politics are not credible I
don't know about their financial
reporting but for the politics you
should not consider them credible
so we got a fake poll we got fake uh
social Med we got fake search engines
and fake voting in a sense that mailin
could you know open you up for fraud uh
then let's check on the
brainwashing uh the brainwashing is
telling us that Harris was better on the
border than Trump uh Daniel Dale is
going on summer vacation so there's no
factchecking and uh I I think you can
fact check me on my fact check there um
and the brainwashing says Trump's going
to steal democracy and most Democrats
think that's true so on the brainwashing
side much stronger game on the Democrat
side um we know that they've also primed
the public so identity is all that
matters so K haris should do great with
women and great with black Americans and
great with uh Indian
Americans just because she is things so
I don't think that people really make
decisions based on policy they don't
even know the
policy their weird persuasion probably
works a little bit uh they've erased
Trump's assassination energy that
totally changed the story so that you
can just move on past and forget it
um and uh an act blue one of the big
money situations appears to be a money
laundering operation per uh per uh OMG
o'keef Media Group so they've got
evidence that shows that they're using
fake names of elderly people to give
massive
donations that would not be legal if
they came from one person or entity but
they can say oh this came from Grandma
Jones who never answers a mail um and
they can just put out massive amounts of
money
fraudulently okay
so they have a almost a complete
dominant control over the brainwashing
apparatus and I don't think that Trump
has an answer to that he might later but
at the moment uh Harris has a pretty
clear path to
Victory um when people were asked what
are uh K Harris's uh big
successes um nobody knows
so if you stop a s a young person and
say who are you going to vote for
they're if they're a Democrat they're
going to say KL Harris do you like her
oh I'm so excited she's great she's
great what has she ever
accomplished well I can't think of
anything I can't think of anything so
maybe that's something could hammer on
better here's a brainwashing uh update
on one guy so I had a little back and
forth with a gentleman named
Kevin Kevin Goen I
think and in my exchange he wanted to
remind me that Trump was an
insurrectionist and he said to me on uh
in reply to a comment he said oh maybe I
was just imagining that coup attempt on
January 6
2021 so he said to me maybe I was just
imagining that there was a coup on
January 6
well I'm not going to let that alone so
here was my response no you were
brainwashed no one tries to conquer a
country by trespassing in one building
and doing some paperwork about alter
alternate electors who told you that's
how the most well-armed citizens in the
country do a coup and then here's the
active part so by the way you should
copy that form because it's the shortest
explanation that gets to everything you
need to know
but here's the payoff so there's your
little persuasion lesson if you can
anticipate how somebody's going to
respond and you call it out before they
do it it's really messes them up so
here's what I did after giving my
argument I said the following to prove
you are brainwashed see this is the
clever part to prove you brainwashed
please explain to me that some of the
protesters were violent that's
irrelevant but you have been conditioned
to say it don't let me down
go because you know what would have
happened if I hadn't said
that he would said they were violent it
was a violent Insurrection you are you
saying there was no violence and then it
would be in that dumb argument about you
know 1% of the people were violent so
therefore the other 99% must have been
insurrectionists so I'm just saying
that's dumb but you can prove your
brainwash by bringing it up anyway
so I'm
basically you know salting that Earth so
that he he can't use the argument that's
basically a Dodge it's not really an
argument anyway he disappeared after
that um how dumb are Democrat voters
well let me give you an idea uh she said
so era said in her speech on day one I
will work to take uh take on price
gouging and bring bring down costs now
she's talking about corporations we will
ban more of those hidden fees we will
take on corporate landlords and cap
unfair rent increases and we will take
on big farmer to cap prescription drug
costs for all Americans wow that sounds
like good stuff doesn't
it wow I think I might vote for it
myself look at all that good stuff she's
going to
do and then Steven Miller adviser for
Trump uh posted this on her post about
that and Steven Miller said to con
Harris you're literally in office right
now and have been for last four
years yeah what about all those
things is there any reason you're not
doing them
now why not do them
now you you've been in charge for four
years got another few months that would
be good any day now jump on that
now I'm joking when I say that these are
good ideas these are actually
civilization ending
ideas if you put price caps on on
companies do you know what
happens all bad things you're messing
with the the free market and it's just
all bad what happens if you put a rent
control people stop building buildings
because you can't make money as a
landlord it's the worst thing you could
do the economy is rent control it's the
worst it would be hard to come up with a
worse idea for civilization than rent
control that'd be tough to top you're
you've destroyed your whole country with
that uh let's see what else we ban more
of those hidden
fees well I don't like hidden
fees but telling corporations what they
can charge for their
products seems a little bit
interfering maybe maybe uh competition
would be a better way to get
there all right
um so you heard the claim that uh one of
the reasons that K Harris is so
successful in the border is that she got
big corporations to donate billions not
donate but to invest billions of dollars
in Central America because those
billions will you know cause jobs and
better economics so people won't need to
leave for economic
reasons wait a minute I thought they
were coming here for
Asylum but why would you be working on
the
economic
causes if that's not the cause huh well
that's confusing
but so do you believe the comml Harris
got big corporations to invest billions
more dollars than they were going to
invest let's ask Daniel Dale to fact
check that
Daniel um D Daniel well he's still
missing oh he's still missing yeah
Daniel Dale's not around to fact check
this for us it's almost like he only
appears when Trump is going to do
something anyway let me give you the
dilber filter on this it used to be my
job to collect data and to present
things that made my boss look good so
let me explain how probably this
happened now I don't know but this is
the dilber filter so if you know how the
the real world works that's what the
dilber filter is it's like the real
world where all the all the mistakes and
the selfishness and the lying and the
ass covering that's the real world so
the dilbur filter looks like
this you talk to the big companies that
have already invested in those
areas and you say to them what do you
plan to invest in these areas going
forward because remember they're already
investing and then they say oh well our
normal businesses you know we'd put in
half a billion you'd put in another
billion and then you say all right so I
guess I got you to put in a collective
you know 20 billion and then the people
would say well I'm not sure if you got
us to do it that's what we were already
planning on doing because we have
operations there and they need to be
upgraded so we were sort of going to put
that money there anyway all right all
right so can I talk you into putting
extra money and they say extra money
like more investment yeah because that
would look really good and really be
helpful so then what do the corporations
do do they commit to the extra
investment and then invest
it if it's not economical
why would they do
that the companies didn't become
Charities the companies are going to put
in exactly the amount of money that they
think will make them more money in
return nothing more and certainly
nothing
less
so those companies have the following
opportunity you can make the pre the
maybe future president of the United
States angry at you if you say no I'm
not putting an extra penny in we're just
going to do the money we were going to
do
normally or you say uh how much are you
talking about well how about another
billion and you're you know many billion
dollar company and you
say sure I mean obviously it would have
to pencil out but absolutely put us down
for a billion extra so then they compile
the list and they start with all the
money that they were going to invest
anyway so this is totally fake they were
going to do this anyway and then on top
of that they boost it by the amount that
the ceao has promised but they promised
with a
condition that if it pencils out I'll
put another billion
in but it won't pencil out so they won't
put a billion
in but you won't know about that until
later you'll just know that less was
spent than you wanted or they'll just
make up a number and say yeah totally it
was spent trust us they could just make
up the number so if you believe that a
bunch of Corporations said I'm going to
put billions of dollars into this thing
that doesn't make economic sense to us
you're not
experienced you might be young that's
not how the real world works the real
world is all fake data all fake all the
time that was my job my job was working
for two different corporations for 16
years and I was mostly in charge of
pulling data together from my bosses
it's all fake because you can pull
together any data you want make any
story you want and people can't check
because you're the one who has the data
and they don't so as long as you're the
only one with the data data is never
going to be real never has been never
will be except weird coincidental
times all right that's the dver filter
that nothing actually has happened with
that
funding um there was a interesting story
of a young man who did a test of wearing
a trump supporting shirt to a Biden
event and then he did the opposite he
wore a Biden haris shirt to a trump
event how do you think it went you
already know don't you he he wears a
trump event in the in in the midst of a
bunch of Biden supporters Cara
supporters and he gets verbally just
abused and somebody actually threw water
on him and he wasn't causing trouble he
was just trying to be friendly and was
totally physically and uh verbally
abused like you've never seen in your
life so then he changes his shirt puts a
Biden Harris shirt on and he goes to a
trump rally what do you think
happened
laughter slaps on the back shaking hands
good
times that's true and I'll bet you could
recreate that U I bet you could recreate
that a thousand times and it would look
the same the Trump supporters are not
looking for a
fight you know they have preferences for
sure but it's not about you it's not
about you
individually but somehow somehow the
Democrats have made every Trump
supporter a
monster they've divided the country like
no has ever divided the country before I
mean just remarkably and you can see
that the Trump supporters are not
they're just not
primed to see every single person who
wears a Biden shirt as a monster we
think they might be
brainwashed we think they might be bad
at analyzing things we think they could
maybe be turned maybe I could talk you
out of it you maybe if you saw our side
plus your side might have a different
opinion
so there's definitely a difference in
evil the the Democrats appear to be
mentally um having some emotional and
mental problems Way Beyond the average
and that's backed up by data by the
way and there seems to be
some um let's say impulse or reflex
toward evil that makes sense if you
think you're fighting Hiller which is
what they've been told for years you're
fighting Hitler so I mean if Hitler
shows up in your Gathering you might
throw some water on
him but the Democrats the Republicans
don't have that they they think if you
change your mind that's all they want
they just want you to like their
policies better or at least understand
them or at least or at least be a good
American and you know don't lie all the
time all right um there's a study
it doesn't matter the study big study
that says the US military is not
prepared for a world war with China or
Russia good do you know what would scare
me if we were prepared for a World War
the last thing I want is to be
prepared for a world war with China or
Russia do you know what I want I want to
know that if we get a war with China or
Russia we're all dead everybody
in China and everybody in United States
all dead everybody in Russia everybody
in China everybody in the United States
dead that's the only situation I want I
want to know that we only have nukes and
we don't have enough tanks we don't have
enough ships and we don't have enough
drones I want to know we're underpowered
so that our only choice if you push us
is we're going to take you out to
hell that's the safest world for me
because if we have a conventional Army
that looks like it could win a a battle
we might be really really tempted to use
it in some situation and I don't want
that to happen because making a war with
China or Russia would be
crazy and even a proxy war with Russia
is pretty
dumb well there's a robot dentist that
apparently can do its work way faster
than a
human uh and as I saw in the story
somebody said somebody is Really Brave
can you imagine being the volunteer yeah
the so you want to use a robot and AI to
replace the crown on my teeth and it's
never done anything like
that sure go ahead no thank you no thank
you at all but at some point I think the
robot dentist will be better than the
human one I expect
that all right that ladies and gentlemen
is all the news for the day
I hope I amused and delighted you and uh
I'm going to say hi to the uh locals
people privately the subscribers and bye
now to uh people on X and on Rumble and
YouTube If you haven't bought my book
God's debris the complete works you're
missing the best summer reading of your
life still time still time all right and
locals coming at you
privately
in
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e