well there might be a delay on that
ladies and gentlemen so I don't know how
much they're going to see until their
technology kicks in but I do know
this good morning ladies and gentlemen
and welcome to a technological upgrade
that will apply to some of you so at the
moment I'm streaming to you in theory on
four different platforms you might be
seeing me on the subscription site local
Scott adams. locals where they get extra
and you might be seeing me on YouTube
and you might be seeing me on Rumble and
you might be seeing me streaming live to
the X
platform I've got both of my microphones
on so the sound should be similar in all
places so if anybody has a favorite let
me know later if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that I can't
even imagine anymore all you need is a
cuper mro glass a tanker chel Stein a
canteen Cher flask a vessel kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine end of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens now
go
ah
yes well yes I will be talking about the
events in is Israel so that you can call
me names I know you will doesn't matter
what I
say want to alert you to the Dilbert
reborn comic that has been published for
today but you can only see it normally
if you're subscribing either on uh the
xplatform you can see the button in my
profile or if you're subscribing on the
locals platform but here's what you
would missed uh now that I'm off the
leash and I could do anything I
want I uh I'm using my comic to get
revenge on all the people I don't like
so if you ever get a chance to have a uh
a comic strip the best part is the
Revenge the revenge is like just the
best so you might know that I have a
nemesis called Phil
bump from the from the Washington poop
so uh rapert character in The Dilbert
comic now Dilbert reborn um rapper got a
job as a reporter for the Washington
poop
and he is meeting his coworker it's an
opinion writer named uh Phil
thumb say I have to show it to you
separately Phil thumb he looks like a
big
thumb you see it I'll read you the comic
you just have to look at the
image and uh rap Bird's editor boss says
rap bird if you met our opinion writer
Phil thumb we use him to launder our
propaganda he makes it look like his
opinion and rap bird says is he sentient
and the editor says barely but that's
how we like
it so Phil thumb ladies and gentlemen
Phil
thumb Phil dick would have been better
like Andy Dick maybe all right uh I give
you yet another example to prove my
prediction that AI will be way more lame
than you hoped it would be you know
didn't you think AI would look just like
people it would act like
people well here's an example of why
that won't be
exactly what you should expect So
Meta Zuckerberg's company is paying
celebrities to use images of them within
meta the virtual reality world so you
could walk around and you could see a
Tom Brady or Snoop Dogg or Paris Hilton
or Charlie
deelo who I've never heard of but I
would guess is
famous and you could use their
likenesses as a i chat box so uh Brendan
marot was uh tweeting that someone asked
the Snoop Dog chatbot what weed it liked
and it said it had no idea and G and
gave a disclaimer about against using
drugs so they've got a they've got a
Snoop Dog uh Avatar that they can't make
act they can't make it act like Snoop
Dog because that would be totally
inappropriate I you're you're never
going to have a problem telling AI from
humans if it's a corporate AI you know
if it's some Rogue AI it might actually
act like a human but the corporate ones
are going to be so lame well I can't
answer that question because it turns
out that the one and only thing I want
to ask a
chatbot what's the one and only thing
you want to ask a
chatbot something
inappropriate it's actually the only
thing I'm interested
in right because I don't need a chatbot
to ask the weather I don't need a
chatbot to do a Google search I I need a
chatbot so I can ask it an obscene
question and see how it handles it
otherwise not much entertainment value
there
frankly all right uh here's a fun story
that I've been tracking but was hesitant
to talk about but it's just gotten to
the point where it's so much fun that
I'm willing to take a risk of getting
cancelled just for mentioning it now
there's a topic I'm going to talk
about uh which first you must bow to the
platforms so if you don't mind I'd like
to uh stay monetized by bowing to the
platforms before I tell you what I'm
going to tell you
okay dear platforms
it is a fact that cannot be disputed
that the 2020 election was completely
free and fair there were no signs of any
impropriety despite the fact that 100%
of our other uh Enterprises and groups
in the United States are in fact corrupt
we are so lucky that all of our
elections will run straight and fair and
clean with no problems whatsoever
nothing I say after this
should take away from the fact that
those elections were so good and so
clean that nothing nothing can change
that fact all right having said
that uh I've been following the Rasmus
and account on X and one of the things
that one of the
claims now I'm only going to tell you
this like I tell you a UFO story right
if I tell you a UFO story it's not
because I believe the UFO is true it's
because the story is so good you got
that all right there's a claim by one
individual at least that there were a
bunch of fake ballots in the Georgia
election in
2020 uh but here's the fun part the
alleged fake ballots of which there
could be up to 150,000 of them are
locked in a store
room they the ones that are alleged to
be wrong
alleged right because let me tell you
there was nothing wrong with that
election these allegations my God I I
can barely hold them in my head they're
so disgusting that anybody would even
think the election was in any way not
perfect that's my view but these
rasmuson people these Rascals probably
some kind of traitors or something uh
keep saying that there's a specific
locked room in which these
questionable questionable but
perfect the ballots are perfect but they
are been being questioned so don't
confuse that they're being questioned
with the fact that they're perfect and
could never have been
wrong but uh I guess the people
questioning the bells didn't have access
to the room so they couldn't actually
just look at them and see if they're in
fact
fake but the Georgia Supreme Court has
now said that they can open it and take
a
look
so what do you want to predict about
that do you think that when they open
that door and they look at those ballots
number one do you believe the ballots
will be
there or will it be an empty room or a
room with let's say other
ballots maybe not always the same
ballots how would you know is anybody
guarding that room 24 hours a day I
don't think there's anything you can
know by opening up the room
frankly not really so if I had to bet I
would bet they'll open the room and
it'll either be empty or filled with
ballots that are not
suspicious maybe not the ones that were
always there but we wouldn't know one
way or another ashes uh or uh or there
was a water leak and they all got wet so
you really can't
tell something like that but the other
possibility is that they open that uh
door and they find what somebody alleged
they would
find how fun would that be and can you
imagine the simulation becoming more
entertaining than that that would be the
ultimate entertaining outcome it
wouldn't mean the election was wrong
right because it would just be one room
and you'd really have to count them up
and whatever but although I would bet a
large sum against there being anything
in that room that changes our minds I
would bet against it a very large sum
it's a fun
story so are we all on board that as
long as it's fun to talk about it's okay
it doesn't matter if it's true most of
the news isn't
true so that shouldn't that shouldn't
pull you off all right here's another
example of why we ate
Congress um it was wasn't too hard to
find an example of why we hate Congress
but here's one um AOC she's got a little
pork in the uh upcoming budget they're
trying to get approved and the pork is
for uh a half million dollars for her
District to build an anti-racist oyster
Reef an oyster Reef that's anti-racist
now it would be anti-racist because most
of the people who do oyster work uh
apparently are not people people of
color so they want to get a people of
color oyster Reef
going so let see if you were going to
build a anti-racist oyster
Reef how would you do that would you
make that available to
everybody so that everybody could apply
to the anti-racist oyster reef and do
some oyster growing and Gathering or do
you suppose that the anti-racist oyster
Reef explicitly excludes white people
what what would be your
guess is your guess that it's genuinely
anti-racist meaning all people have
equal opportunity or is it specifically
to prevent white people from
participating which do you think it will
be yes this is why we hate Congress this
is exactly why we hate them because they
don't do anything that isn't up I
feel like they couldn't take the
simplest thing and not ruin it now I
don't know if that's what AOC has has in
mind but would you agree that in our
current atmosphere it would be
ridiculous to assume that she wanted
white people to apply it would be
ridiculous to assume that so I mean if
I'm wrong I'm wrong but it would be
ridiculous to assume
it um I've got a question for you that I
don't know if there's an answer to it
but it's the biggest problem in the
world
how do we remove mentally unstable
people from discussing
politics because I feel that 90% of all
our effort is talking to crazy people
and that's on both
sides right it's not just on the left
it's you know crazy people on both sides
but I feel like the crazy people take up
all the room and you know they they sort
of crowd out the good arguments if there
are
any so I just wonder is there any way to
distinguish people with good mental
health before you accidentally get into
an argument because it's a little easier
in person right in person you could spot
a crazy person two seconds and you're
just like all right yeah nice to see you
I'm out but online you fool yourself
well I do maybe it's just a Scot problem
but I'll see people on say there's a
person I should argue with it's really
not it's not somebody that's worth argue
with they're either paid trolls or
they're uh you know or they're crazy or
they're drunk but there there needs to
be some way to weed out the drunks and
the crazy people before you waste your
[Music]
time don't wrestle with the
pig that's correct all right uh and now
that something like half of all people
will be diagnosed with a mental problem
before 75 that was some data we got
recently half of adults in the United
States anyway will have some
identifiable mental problem in their
life have so if we think we're H
discussing politics lots of times we're
not now the best thing I came up with is
the hoax
quiz you know my list of hoaxes that
people on the left are generally not
aware are
hoaxes and I find that uh that's one way
to deprogram people or at least identify
people who are not realis
because there are a number of people who
look at all 20 of the hoaxes and say
every one of those was
true they're not real people why would
you have a conversation with one of
those they're they're so lost you could
POS nothing good could come from
that all right here's some fake news on
fake news but possibly fake news about
the fake news so this is sort of an
Inception fake news embedded in the
Russian egg of fake news as within the
fake news something like that so the
original news was the news that uh
allegedly ABC News I think is the only
one reporting this that some Australian
billionaire talked to Trump and Trump
told him uh some nuclear submarine
secrets and then that billionaire went
and talked to a bunch of people and
that's an example of why Trump can never
be trusted can never be trusted with
Secrets um and then Katherine herriage
from CBS a competing Network looked into
it
and uh the problem is that
the the Tweet or the post did not match
the story and I I got fooled by this but
Dennis Herring noticed this and uh kept
me honest all right so here's the
situation
um C sources tell CBS News there's no
indication former president Trump shared
sensitive records with an Australian
billionaire shared sensitive
records now if you said shared sensitive
records to somebody does that
necessarily mean there was a physical
document how would you how do you
interpret shared sensitive
records would you assume that it was on
paper or on digital
form well the actual story is more about
the n a
document So when you say shared records
that's a little ambiguous so I first
interpreted it to mean that they were
debunking the ABC story or at least said
they could find no evidence of it which
would be different than
debunking um but it looks like they're
just confirming there's no physical
document now and uh Dennis Herring
noticed that well done
Dennis I I feel like people are paying
attention to me a little bit when I tell
them to make sure that the story matches
the headline and especially you have to
read to the end of the story because
that's where they debunk themselves
usually they'll debunk themselves in the
last
paragraph so I probably got caught on
this one it looks like it and but did
you notice anything missing from this
story so the story says that uh there's
no indication that there were
documents and they just sort of retell
the ABC
story uh what did CBS and Katherine
herriage not report
on I don't believe that they
confirmed that the billionaire actually
heard any
secrets wouldn't that be the most
obvious thing to confirm and wouldn't
that billionaire have some kind of an
office that you could contact and at
least get a no
comment but wouldn't it be more likely
that he would have a comment given that
he's the cent center of all news in the
United States at the moment seems like
he'd have a
comment don't you think you would
include in this
report well there's no documents
involved but we did talk to the
billionaire involved and he confirms or
he does not confirm the ABC report isn't
that like obviously missing from
this right now maybe it was there and I
missed it but to me it looked
like all they did is talk about ABC's
reporting a
lot so here's my next
question um do you think that Russians
didn't know the number of warheads that
our missiles
carry how many think they didn't know
that now I've been told by somebody who
is actually on has been on nuclear
submarines that at least during I think
it was the start treaty or something the
Russians would actually be on our
submarines counting the number of
warheads because it was part of the
treaty
are you aware of
that that you know in sometime in our
not too distant past we let the Russians
on the nuclear submarines so they could
see the missiles
themselves now I don't know if that
treaty is being observed anymore I think
it's not right not being observed but do
you think our technology has changed
that much don't you think most of our
submarines are pretty much the same
submarines we had whenever we were doing
that like we don't really change at our
submarines that
often so maybe we've got a new Submarine
that's like better got a few extra
Warheads or something but I feel like it
wouldn't make any difference if both
sides have so many
nukes that you can guarantee the other
side would be wiped out would it really
matter if a nuclear submarine had 30
Warheads versus
50 would that make any difference to
anything that doesn't feel like it would
so again I believe I'm the only person
you'll ever hear question whether this
is really secret stuff that would make
any difference and the whole thing about
um how close you could be to the
submarine before detecting it I'm just
going to give you my real world feeling
about
that and and and you tell me if
anybody's mentioned this in the news yet
all right so in the
news that they said Trump said um that
one of the secrets was that how close we
could get to a Russian submarine with
our own submarine without being
detected now that's the news May May I
move you into the real world for just a
moment right here's what the real world
looks like hey Scott how close can our
nuclear submarines get to a Russian
submarine without detection what does
does Scott say let's say Scott's the
expert what does Scott say if I'm going
to give you the real answer do I say
well it's exactly 100
yards do I say that in the real world
ever ever nope here's what I say and you
know you know what I say right thank you
at least we have at least one engineer
in the group it
depends here's what I say well well
under some conditions if if the
submarine were doing this or that they
could probably spot us 3 miles
away but if we were running silent we
might be able to get within a 100 yards
but it's very uncertain because there
are lots of variables now it would also
depend which sensor we were close to if
we were close to one of their you know
this or that class submarine probably
they couldn't get us within five miles
but if we were close to one of their
good submarines and we're not entirely
sure how much technology they have so
we'd be guessing about what they have
but we think it might be somewhere
between 100 yards and three miles all
right that's what the real world looks
like do you think that if if Trump gave
anybody even if he told Putin himself
one
number like how close we can get to a
sub would that be
useful think the Russians would say
finally we got that
number uh we we thought it was going to
be highly variable you know depending on
lots of different things but no it turns
out it's 153 yards so if we just you
know if we could just get within 153
yards of
them we got them we got
them now watch what happens in the next
weeks or months that this story is still
alive
and by the way does it seem to you that
this story died already because the
other networks are not buying
it does it feel to you like ABC was a
little bit out there
alone because even CBS just reported
what ABC said that I don't think they
added anything to it except they talked
to somebody who said there was no
document involved but I think we knew
that okay so so see if anybody else or
any NW work has a conversation about
whether the alleged Secrets would have
any military value in the real
world watch that conversation won't
happen now I I agree that you shouldn't
be giving away any secrets I'm just
saying that you have to put him in
context I mean if he is the president he
does get to well he wasn't the president
then so I take that back allegedly he
wasn't the president when he was talking
about it
all
right
um so here's the next category the story
is what I call things are exactly what
you
suspected um have you observed that the
Democrats have one key strategy I'll
call it a system that's freaking awesome
and the system works like this they make
sure that whatever uh entities or groups
anywhere whether it's locally or
International has somebody that's one of
their loyalists in charge so they just
make sure that there's you know one of
their loyalists is trying hard for one
of those jobs and there are a lot of
people in the Democrat Party toward the
top who have ivy league educations and
great resumés so it's a whole bunch of
people can get top jobs in a lot of
different places so they make sure that
their their people are in top jobs in
the most critical places such as local
prosecutors Das right so they've they
figured out these little choke points
where if they have Democrats in those
offices they can rule the world and
here's another example of
that so Joe Biden is nominated uh one of
Hunter Biden's old work colleagues to
lead the office that protects
whistleblowers right
is there anything else to say about
that right somebody who worked with
Hunter Biden is going to be in charge of
making sure that the whistleblowers are
all treated
well it's almost it's beyond ridiculous
now I do understand that Washington is a
small enough place that Hunter Biden
probably knew a lot of people I mean
he's had had dinner with on Tucker
Carlson Tucker says so he knows a lot of
people but
still I I feel like the entire system is
just this times a million it's just
putting your friends in places where
they can protect your other friends that
seems to be the entire play and it works
it's freaking brilliant and I'm I don't
think the Republicans have anything like
it do they I'm not aware
um I just saw the most NPC comment I've
ever seen in my life I have to read this
uh Scott has bought her a about uh
Hunter
Biden yeah that that sums up my entire
philosophy of life I'm but hurt about
Hunter
Biden that's like the least intellectual
comment anybody ever made in the history
of the
internet so good job
there all right uh more on the topic of
everything is exactly the way you think
it is uh Boston University loaned to
$600,000 to a mysterious trust run by
ibram kend's
brother-in-law to buy a house I
guess uh so didn't you imagine the ibram
KY and his anti-racist thing that raised
I don't know tens of millions of dollars
didn't you imagine that was all
grifty and uh all the evidence coming
out is highly suggestive that it was no
more honest than black lives matter
which turned out to be just a money
grift there were good intentions among
the people but the organizers were
seemed to have been money
grifters all right well uh there's a
story about uh warning Joe Joe
Scarboro uh on his show showed some
polls gallet polls that are pretty
devastating if you're a Democrat so um
all of the top you know the the issues
that seem pretty important the uh at
least for the economy
um Republicans are just destroying
Democrats in terms of who is trusted to
handle things such as inflation and the
economy in particular but the uh
Democrats still have a lead
in um
abortion so they dominate the opinions
on that and they have a lead in climate
change so the public thinks that
Republicans would be worse on climate
change and worse on
abortion now I'm old enough to remember
when the biggest issue for Democrats
was uh health
care when was the last time we talked
about
Healthcare did that get
solved did we solve
Healthcare and if we didn't solve it why
did it why is it no longer the biggest
problem was it ever the biggest
problem or is this another uh is this
another obvious proof that we are
assigned our opinions of what's
important so now they're telling us that
abortion and uh climate change are
important but what do those two things
have in
common they're both Democrat
issues now that Biden is in charge of
you know things uh now that Healthcare
doesn't seem like a big issue to them so
suddenly all the things that were huge
issues when the Republicans were in
charge now it doesn't matter a bit
doesn't matter b now I don't think that
Obamacare solved Healthcare did it
although to its credit it did get more
people
covered I'm going to tell you again
something that Obama did that was
smart that I still I just I'm in awe of
it because he he called his shot before
he did it that's the important part when
Obama got you know his first Obamacare
stuff passed he said
directly it's not good but it's going to
be hard to get rid of it and it will
improve over time he actually said it's
not in his own words but but his
strategy was to get it wedged in there
where you couldn't get rid of it and
then you would have to improve it over
time and I think that's actually what
happened yeah now I'm not saying it's a
good system but I believe it has
improved over time and instead of you
know disintegrating which some people
imagined more people are signed up so
that would suggest that the market likes
it if more people are signing up
compared to the alternative of not being
covered I
guess yeah I'm I'm not saying it's good
you I'm not going to support the cost of
it or the complexity or any of that I'm
just saying it looks like it's
succeeding in the marketplace compared
to whatever the alternative is which is
not
much yeah theory of large numbers yeah
there's always going to be somebody who
likes it uh but more about these polls
um are you surprised that the polls are
massively toward the Republicans
now especially Law and Order and
economy um if you think things have gone
too far I would argue that things are
going to have to go
further because every day that goes by
of the Biden Administration and the
city's being destroyed and the Border
being open and uh um leftist being
gunned down on the streets and video of
Carnage Etc every bit of that is making
it less likely there will be Democrat
leadership in the
future at the moment if we simply had an
election immediately we'd probably have
something like a split
government but the only way you get to
the other side of this is if things
become so bad and the country becomes so
unlivable that both houses uh go
Republican and the presidency does too
short of that there's no point in having
an
election because it's just going to be
you know jammed up locked up government
with mixed power so if things don't get
a lot worse they'll never get better
well America is like an alcoholic we
have to hit bottom we have not hit
bottom
would you agree we've not hit bottom
there's a lot of bottom to go but we're
getting close I mean you could you could
feel the bottom coming but we're not
there what when you heard that members
of Congress sleep in their offices
because it's too dangerous to go home at
night that's not quite the
bottom because it's just that
City when nobody wants to go outside
after 6:00 p.m. anywhere in the city
let's say that might look like the
bottom and I think we're rapidly
approaching that so uh I don't know if
I'm honestly I don't know what's better
for the country if we get much worse
fast so that there's some chance we'll
we'll have a corrective Force because if
it doesn't get much worse even the
Democrats won't be able to see it
because the Democrats are so hypnotized
at this point that they honestly they
have no idea what's going on I would say
80% of their base has no idea what's
going
on so it's going to have to get much
worse and then it'll get
better um Trump is filing some big old
motion to
dismiss uh the charges related to
January 6 under some kind of I was
president and president's have
immunity so but I'm not sure how I don't
even understand it because immunity
doesn't last till till your end of
office or is it only things he did under
the under the
presidential
uh yeah so I don't understand it but
experts say there's some chance that a
lot of the charges could be swept away
by the Supreme Court saying that he
can't be charged but it would take a
long time for the Supreme well I don't
know how long but it take a while for
the suem suem Court to rule which would
put all of the trials on hold and that
alone might be worth
doing it's for what he did in His
official
capacity yeah are you telling me that
presidents can't be charged for anything
they do in their official capacity
nothing could they could he actually
shoot somebody on Fifth Avenue if he's
president and he wouldn't be be charged
and he wouldn't be charged
after and he he actually wouldn't be
charged even after the
presidency not
federally oh because there's still a
state
issue well if the states can charge him
he doesn't really have much going for
him so that doesn't seem right no he
could be charged says the only person
who knows the real answer all right we
do think he could be charged I don't
know the ins and outs of this law so I
won't talk about it let's talk about
Israel
Israel is at War um and I say that as
opposed to a mere incursion or a missile
attack uh there's actually a physical
War where uh Hamas has invaded
Israel and they're taking prisoners and
slaughtering people in the
streets um they shot 5,000 missiles
they've got drones are dropping on
Israelis the Iron Dome was reportedly
down that's Israel's defense I thing for
the air defense um I don't know if it's
down because it was overworked or
overrun or or the terrorist got to it
somehow or it just broke I don't know
the details but 5,000 missiles without
an Iron Dome is a it's a lot of
Destruction now of course to make this
political we have to say the following
Hamas never would have done this if
president Trump was in the White House
do you think that's true do you think
Hamas never would have done this if
Trump had been in the white
house I don't believe it I think Hamas
is on their own timeline how about the
fact that Biden did this uh C this
prisoner swap in which it released six
billion dollars back to Iran it was
their own money but he released it back
to them and the thought is that that six
billion is what funded homas and
embolden them to make this
attack do you think that those are
directly
related
directly because you know money is
fungible yeah money can be spent on
anything it doesn't have to be spent on
one thing you don't think that the
entire budget of Iran as you know beaten
down as it is you don't think they had
an extra you know billion or so for
Hamas I don't know what it cost to
launch this attack but it wasn't six
billion I don't know so I would say that
the connection to the funding is a
nondirect but a good political point I
mean if they had less money they could
do less stuff that's true but I'm not
sure they wouldn't have done this um but
certainly you have to ask that question
the the releasing of money probably made
a
difference um the hostage taking is the
scary part because it looks like the
hostage taking was a big part of their
strategy because that's the one thing
that they can milk forever because you
don't want to bomb where this where the
hostages
are um I would expect
Netanyahu to go um stronger than
anybody's ever gone against the Gaza
territory where Hamas is coming out of
and uh I think Gaza could
be in for a really bad week
now can we get to the the fact where I'm
a racist
Scott Scott you did not say enough about
the plight of the
Palestinians so I'm racist that way
Scott Scott you did not cry you did not
cry so therefore you don't care about
the poor
Israelis are we done did everybody get
their dumb uh opinion that I didn't
I said one word more about one side than
the other so therefore I'm a
idiot can all the NPCs can you just d
dance around a little bit so I know that
you heard me oh oh two words less that
one side he's taking a
side thank you
NPCs I want you have full power power up
NPCs tell tell me that I didn't say
enough about or the thing I should have
said or the thing I said twice is really
really telling you what's in my deep
dark soul come on cry about it cry cry
you
bastards all right it's enough of that
all right well it's a huge tragedy and
um it matters and uh certainly wishing
the best for
Israel um here's what I
think I think I don't think Trump would
have had much to do with any of this I
think it would have been largely the
same as this I do suspect that Iran is
emboldened by both being closer to a
nuclear breakout
presumably uh but also that Biden is not
functional do you think Iran has not
noticed that Biden is
nonfunctional of course they
have of course they have now I'm not
sure that China would be this dumb and
move on Taiwan because that would
guarantee some kind of you know reaction
but I think Iran knew that it was a good
time to attack because Israel wouldn't
have the kind of support it might
ordinarily
have all right our government is not
functioning at full capacity that is
correct that's what it looks like it
looks like we're not functioning at full
capacity Tran would be afraid Trump
would nuke him no they wouldn't Trump
would not Trump would not threaten a
nuclear first strike on Iran
you would never do
that well here's another example of why
DeSantis is losing badly uh he did a
response about the Hamas attack on
Israel and this was his wording the
dastardly terrorist attack okay I'm done
he said
dastardly you can't become president if
you use the word
dastardly I'm sorry yeah Rond DeSantis
yeah you you need to get a little bit
little bit more punch you know I want
those words to be you know wet and
Powerful
dastardly dastardly is a dried
up uh piece of wood you know that's in a
forest somewhere it's like it's the
deadest word you'll ever
see dastardly he sounds like a a cartoon
villain where're being attacked by the
dastardly
Hamas yeah that's why he's not going to
be president he says things like
dastardly well let's do an update on uh
right leading people who are being
attacked um and being taken out with hit
pieces so The Daily Beast took a run at
Christopher
rufo who is uh one of the big Advocates
against the woke stuff happening
everywhere and wrote a horrible piece in
which they slandered him for alleged
association with bad people however
Christopher rufo and his attorney I
think uh went hard at The Daily Beast
and actually got them to change their
change the language in their headline
and I think they changed one other thing
so he did actually get them to back down
and uh thoroughly embarrass themselves
but the thing you need to
know is this um
The Daily Beast is a he hit piece
publication they've come after
me maybe three to five times so The
Daily Beast tries to eliminate me from
public life like every once a year I
think they come after me on a regular
basis they are not a legitimate
publication they are just a a Democrat
attack dog and so they they went after
Christopher ruo but apparently he did
well attacked
back um then let's see uh over at MSNBC
a fellow named medy
Hassan
um he he said that Elon Musk claim
there's a hate speeches and the problem
on Twitter because a reporter once was
once unable to site a single example do
you think that's a good framing of what
happened he this is this this is
something he actually says in public
medy Hassan Does Elon Musk has claimed
that hate speech isn't a problem on
Twitter
because and the word because is where he
he an because a reporter was
once unable to site a single example now
here's what's true it is true that there
was once a time that one reporter
couldn't come up with an example is it
true that therefore because of that one
reporter that Elon Musk believes there's
no problem because that one reporter
that one time that's what idiot Medi
Hassan is telling you he's telling you
that the smartest person on the planet
um thinks that that that one person
saying one thing and not knowing
something tells him everything he needs
to know about the communications on the
platform he owns nobody would think that
not even the dumbest person in the world
would have that opinion but now Med has
put that in his mouth so that he can now
debunk the thing that was never
true so now he's going to give he's
assigned Elon a dumb opinion like an
opinion that you'd have to have an IQ of
50 to have
and now he's going to debunk it and how
does he debunk it well how would you
debunk somebody who's using an anecdote
for their opinion that now that's what
he says Elon is doing is using one
anecdote of one person one time didn't
have an example so that's just an
anecdote right uh well you fight that by
showing some other anecdotes because
after having proven the anecdotes are
stupid you make your argument based on
them that's what he's doing first he
says using anecdotes is stupid and then
he says watch my
anecdotes and you're watching this and
you're thinking is this the dumbest
 guy in the entire world or does
he think we are how does how does that
even make sense all
right so he found uh he and his
researchers easily found over two dozen
examples of some kind of hate
speech now do you believe that there's
hate speech on the X
platform anybody of course because it's
a platform with the public speaking on
it so we all know that um do you believe
that the hay speech on X is exclusively
white people talking about other
people would that be what no I thought
that's what hate speech is I thought
hate speech is white people saying bad
 about everybody else because his
examples were all white people saying
bad about other
people H well now I'm confused now he
did throw in yay he put Kanye in there
because he was associated with somebody
else but I've got a feeling that the yay
part was just so they weren't all
white you know what I
mean so mie Hassan who apparently is a
gigantic racist as are his uh
researchers they could only find hate
examples from white people
isn't that weird you got you got this
big old platform with every kind of
person using it and we know that
whenever there's a big population of
people some of the people from every
demographic group are just terrible
people every group but yet when they
look they could only find these hate
examples from white people plus the one
person that Republicans liked who wasn't
white according to him I guess uh which
would yet be yay I'm joking Republican
like people in
general
so I don't know this is the most racist
thing I've seen today um singling out
white people for well no it's the second
most racist thing I've seen today so
aol's uh oyster
thing oysters yeah AOL AOC is oyster
funding for only non-white people is
pretty racist and now this Medi Hassan
can only find bad examples from white
people it turns out so pretty
racist so that's the hi piece so we've
got the hi piece against Christopher
rufo the hip piece against uh musk now
there's uh also pieces against the libs
of Tik Tock oh this is interesting so
the libs of Tik Tock which basically
just re shows videos that are legal and
already on platforms right doesn't make
anything up
simply shows Democrats other Democrats
and shows other people as well and so CH
reichek who is the name behind lives of
Tik Tock um showed a screenshot of all
the comments that she received recently
it's just the most hateful thing I've
ever seen in my life do you think that
uh medy
Hassan do you think that he included uh
these examples of the people hating the
libs of Tik
Tok no no this was not the kind of hate
speech he's against apparently he he's
apparently against one kind of a
speech very specific he is and very
racist anyway um then let's see who else
has got a hit piece oh Mike Benz yes we
were all expecting this Mike Benz
actually forecast it he told you there
would be pieces against him because he
was getting too close to the source so
Mike Benz be NZ I've talked about him a
number of times he does use great
threads and videos in which he explains
the gears of the machine so that you can
understand both historically and
currently how the intelligence
operatives you know control the media
control us and you know set up Nos and
all kinds of clever things to manipulate
our belief
systems so of course there's a big
hitpiece on him from somebody named
Brandy zad josy who uh is famous for
being wrong basically and writing HIIT
pieces so one of one of the ways you can
tell it's a hit piece is who they get to
write
it respectable people who have good
careers are not going to jump into the
hitpiece business it's people who have
done them before or or their careers are
not in a great place or they're famous
for only doing so the hip piece
people are specific people they're not
just
everybody but um he was accused of being
behind some account that uh was
running in 2017
2018 and said things which they said
were
anti-semitic
anti-semitic so here's some things you
should know about Mike Benz his
relatives died in the Holocaust or
escaped it I guess uh he went to Hebrew
school until he was
17
uh and would call himself not just
Jewish but like super
Jewish and it turns out that that uh The
Entity which he was a member of which
were accused of saying anti-semitic
things was set up to battle
anti-Semitism and and they were doing it
in a unique way so if you saw it in a
context it could look like it was
anti-Semitic
but if you understood the larger Mission
you could see that they were engaging
people to try to make progress against
anti-Semitism so just to hold this in
your head that somebody who is not just
Jewish but in his own words sort of
extra Jewish like not just a little bit
Jewish like fully in Jewish and he was
accused of being
anti-semitic because he was trying to
battle against anti-Semitism now that's
his his view remember so I'm giving you
his view that the group was an
anti-Semitism anti- anti-Semitism group
and that it was just taken out of
context now what do you believe do you
believe the person who wrote the piece
which I've primed You by telling you was
a pce or do you believe believe Mike Ben
who was the subject of it who of course
would be defending himself in this
situation who sounds more
believable do you I think the guy who
went to Hebrew school until he was 17
had an
anti-semitic uh not just like one
comment or something but like a whole a
whole
operation yeah so do you see the uh do
you see the
pattern so the left is targeting and
removing um the most effective voices
almost in the order of how effective
they are it's almost like they're
they're going down the list all right we
got Tucker Carlson who's next we got
this guy we got this guy who's
next so that's their game and like I
said uh those of us who are the subjects
of the personal attacks I put myself in
that
category um we're going to take yeah
we're going to take the hit because we
can we can we can survive a hit
but you're going to have to watch this
thing get
worse
so watch the cities um hit bottom watch
The Border situation hit
bottom uh and by the way I'm not hearing
any more reports about the caloa people
getting out of the fenel business are
you I saw one report on that and then
some reports about that one report but
does anybody believe that's happening
I'm pretty skeptical that that's
happening
yeah yeah and the Maui reports I don't
believe anything about Maui
anymore yeah the cartel is getting out
of the business was propaganda it sounds
like it sounds like
[Music]
propaganda all
right San Francisco is closing up there
what commercial
[Music]
zones they were protecting their
Monopoly
maybe um the news forgot about Maui yeah
what happened to the number of children
who were missing did we ever get a
number on
that El Chapo speaks for all cartels I
don't think he
does
[Music]
um yeah I don't believe the cartels are
getting out of the fentel
business and I don't think Maui is a
land grab by Oprah
lovers Ian certainly there will be
opportunists who are making
offers but still at
97 what's the death count in Israel
today somebody said it's over a 100 but
I don't know how you could count it that
quickly any chance hasb has been coming
in from
Mexico yes there's a chance that every
kind of terrorists has come in over the
Border I mean why wouldn't they it it
would be almost ridiculous to
[Music]
assume kind of ridiculous wouldn't
it now here's the thing I don't
understand I need some uh Israel in
information I would assume that most
Israeli households especially if they're
closer to any disputed zones they would
all have heavy weapons in the house
heavy as in you know rifles and lots of
ammo am I wrong about that they're
they're not all armed to the teeth all
the settlers do do they maybe not have
weapons for religious
reasons
because because what I saw some videos
and you you can't trust anything in the
fog of War but I saw some videos that
look like Israelis you know looking out
their windows from apartments and the
PLO not well who are they Hamas and then
Hamas you know armed Hamas people coming
down their street and I thought to
myself you couldn't do that in America
could you but the Americans would just
open fire from their Windows because so
many homes have Firepower but wouldn't
the Israelis have weapons in their
homes only the reservists aren't they
pretty much all reservists because
they've all been in the
military I guess they might want to
rethink that so I don't know the answer
that question but I'm surprised I'm
surprised that Hamas can walk down the
street anywhere that I don't know what's
going on
there I'll tell you the scariest things
were the videos of what looked like them
taking
prisoners and that is bad bad
stuff if you had to predict where this
is going what would you
predict you know I always say the same
thing about um the Palestinians and
about
Hamas
well they certainly have an argument to
be made about you know their treatment
or their situation you know everybody's
got an argument so they've got their
argument but I can't get past the fact
that the way to get what they want is
not going to be
militarily you know imagine if they just
said hey we'll let we'll put down our
arms but we want to be open this up to
International
transparency we'd like the entire world
to see our plight you with full
transparency and then we have this set
of complaints and it might be stuff like
water rights and traveling and economic
stuff and then say
we'll we'll get rid of all of our
weapons in return for $50
billion so if we can get $50 billion to
rebuild we'll keep everything
transparent get rid of our weapons and
we'll make the best of it but we got to
we got to solve these specific problems
where we think we're being discriminated
against now if they did that and it
didn't work out then I would have a lot
of
Sympathy for the people who are
suffering whatever they're complaining
about however if military force is the
way they're trying to get it then
whatever response they get to their
military force I'm going to have a hard
time feeling bad about
it because cause and effect is still a
real thing right if you do something
that you know will cause a certain
response I can't feel bad for you that's
what you bought you know you broke it
you bought it
so um I will watch and hope that nobody
dies over there of course that would be
ridiculous yeah the the religion the
religious beliefs do not allow them to
play nice as long as that's the case
Israel has a free punch so what I think
is that this will give Israel the
freedom to do some things that they
couldn't have done it wouldn't have been
politically acceptable so I think
they're going to get um Savage in a way
that we haven't seen before yeah they've
declared war now correct me if I'm wrong
but declaring war lets them do basically
anything you know they're going to have
to do what they can to reduce civilian
casualties but they're not going to stop
doing anything because of them if it's a
war so I've Got a Feeling they might go
all the way into
Iran what what would be the best way for
um Israel to address this attack Iran or
attack
Hamas they'll definitely attack Hamas
but I'm wondering if they should just
take over
Iran because other otherwise Iran will
just keep funding idiots who want to go
attack and risk themselves so there's no
way you could stop there's no way you
could stop Hamas by just beating them
down
because they'll just be
replaced uh Iran is a sovereign
country
so like that makes a
difference that makes no
difference I I would not be surprised to
see um Israel do a decapitation strike
on Iran because I think the country
could hand I I think the public opinion
would actually support it right now what
do you think
if Israel literally took out the
leadership of
Iran it would be supported not only more
than you think within
Iran but
uh yeah so that might happen I'm not
recommending anything and uh I hate it
when innocent people are getting
killed those are the rules there are no
rules if there's one thing I can tell
you over and over again when it comes to
self-defense there are no rules there
there are problems as in if you break
one of somebody's law you might have to
answer for it but there are no
rules you have the moral and ethical
right to do anything in self-defense
that's my personal
opinion now people aren't going to like
it and it might be a bad strategy to do
anything but morally and ethically
in self-defense you can do anything you
want so absolutely if he killed the
leadership of
Iran to handle this problem with Hamas
absolutely
Justified
completely it would be a problem but
it'd be
justified the Geneva
Convention sure
fine war is war though the Geneva
Convention does not limit uh who you can
attack if you're attacked I mean they'd
want to go after leadership and uh
military
assets remember that time Israel didn't
claim self-defense yeah they're always
going to claim
self-defense I saw a uh a thing that the
birth rate in Canada
fell so Canada's looks like Canada's
lost Israel defending itself will change
our views yes I I would expect Israel to
get a lot of push back for whatever
comes
next but I I guess here's my bottom
line you could blame Israel for creating
a situation that you know causes is some
group to act up but as long as that
group only wants to use violence and
they're not really considering other
means to address their
grievances they lose all moral
Authority and so that gives Israel a
free
punch Canada is the pins
attack all right uh well that's all I
got for now um let's let me take a look
at the comments over here has everything
been working on our multi-platform
situation over on streamyard looks like
it
did looks like it
did all right well I'll check on these
individually later um and ladies and
gentlemen I'm going to say bye on this
three platforms and then we going to
talk to the people on locals
privately thanks for joining so