Oh Babu
hey everybody today I thought I'd give
you a quick lesson on how to open a
childproof container it's not as
straightforward as a lot of you think
I'm gonna use as my example a Afrin this
is a great product by the way I use it
all the time and they have a childproof
cap now the trick is you have to see the
writing here that tells you how to open
it and watch this it says to press down
and then turn if you just try to turn it
without pressing down it won't open
childproof pretty good but if you press
down comes right off look at easy peasy
now here's the the larger version of
Afrin it has exactly the same cap of the
same instructions but this was a little
trickier so this one if you try it
regular it doesn't work but if you press
down that also doesn't work now the
instructions are exactly the same as the
other one says push and turn but with
the larger one you have to read between
the lines it doesn't mean it doesn't
mean what you think what it means and
I'll give you a demonstration is that
you need to use a saw to open it so I'm
gonna demonstrate how to do that I
recommend using work gloves so you don't
get damaged I'll put on mine feel a lot
safer with these of course you want
safety glasses you've got to have safety
glasses so safety first always safety
now
this is the tool you want to use to open
your effort twit his sideways and then
start start solving yeah
success now you're probably saying to
yourself well that's no good because how
do i how do I actually get that out of
there and that's stage two for that you
need a straw oh good stuff you know in
the process of opening it
you might spill a little on your cutting
board but don't let that go to waste
because you you paid for all of it so
you want to get that - other than
nostril that's good stuff so remember if
you're opening the little one all you
have to do is follow the directions push
down lightly and twist comes right off
for the larger size you're gonna need
the saw so now you know how to do it and
that's my public service for the day
you're welcome