well I think we should try it again this
time differently and better because if
you tried to join me in the first two
failed attempts at the simultaneous hip
and coffee with Scott Adams you know it
didn't go well well I'll explain that
but some of you may be prepared for the
simultaneous if maybe you already had it
maybe you'd like to do another one but
it happens right now and all you need is
the camera Margaret glanced at ankor
challengers die the Kantian jerker flask
a vessel of any kind yes I'm doing this
for all of the OCD people who are
watching this I include myself in that
category in this context sometimes you
just need your routines and I know you
wouldn't feel the same if I didn't come
back and finish this and so I invite you
to enjoy the dopamine the end of the day
the thing that makes everything better
the second simultaneous it may be the
first for you
go so here's a little lesson in anger
management I aborted by first couple
attempts there well actually the second
attempt because my my anger overwhelmed
to me now what I was angry at you have
no idea because it wouldn't be obvious
from what you were watching so I wasn't
angry that my technology wasn't working
because I had a guest on I was angry at
myself because I have this problem with
calendars you know what I say I have a
problem with calendars I mean it's one
of the biggest problems in my life
literally and I would love to know if
there's anybody else in the world who
has this problem and in general I have a
problem with time
if you give me your phone number out
loud and you say a bla bla bla bla bla I
can hear the numbers but I don't have a
sense of what order they came in if you
say it quickly
so I've always had sort of an audio
let's say issue with time I hear things
but out of order and likewise when I
read somebody noticed once that I don't
read sentences necessarily from left to
right which is true I kind of look at
them left to right right the left middle
lab word because things arrive and then
I just reorganize them into why should
have been the order they they they
should have been so if that sounds like
dyslexia that's what I call us sometimes
but it applies to it applies to all
things calendars and I've gets this
weird thing where I could look at a
calendar for my day and it'll be just a
square box for the day and there'll be
nothing written in there no appointments
whatsoever it'll say ah I've got nothing
on my calendar and then somebody will
say like today hey what about this
appointment
where are you or why are you on this
phone call and I'll think I just looked
at the calendar there's nothing on my
calendar and then I'll pick up the
calendar and I'll look at it and there
it is it will just just be there
whatever so clearly wasn't there the
last time I looked and sometimes it
might be because my calendar isn't
sinking sometimes I'm crazy sometimes I
have a false memory of looking I don't
know maybe it's some variety of things
but it is so consistent that it's like a
glitch in the matrix you know it's like
my simulation isn't working one of my
being jobs every time I make a comic and
Dilbert comic I have to put the date in
it so I have to figure out what date its
gonna run in the future and then write
down the correct date how often do you
think I can look at what my comic is do
I mean it's just there's a
that says it's do what the state and
then just write the date of the comic
pretty easy right here's the date they
just write it down how often do you
think I'd do that wrong after 30 years
of practicing every day about 80% of the
time wrong about 80% of the time I can't
write down a date or look at it and look
at the right day of the week and
translated my head to what I need so I'd
be really interested if anybody has a a
calendar specific problem that doesn't
seem to be affecting any other part of
your life because they're you know I can
do pretty much any other complicated
task effortlessly just effortlessly and
somebody's saying excessive weed now I
would say the same thing except it's
always been the case so it's not
something that happened you know when I
discovered marijuana in college it was a
you know continuous lifetime thing
anyway there's nothing to do with
anything let's talk about the news so
the story about Trump and whether or not
he he was briefed on the Russian bounty
story that they were putting a bounty on
Afghans killing American soldiers and
here's the thing this story was so
important that it's the national
headline and everybody agrees my god if
this is true it's a gigantic thing right
everybody agrees that there's nobody
who's saying no no no that wouldn't be a
big deal is there anybody says that
nobody but yet it's such a big deal that
the briefers never thought to mention it
to the president apparently the claim is
that it's in it's in the briefings but
so buried in so many briefings that it
took a while to even find out it existed
so what exactly is going on that we
think this is a really big story but the
people who briefed the president
didn't think to mention it aloud knowing
that he doesn't read the you know the
detailed reports he would depend on them
to tell him what's important and that
never came up that never came up right
there's something wrong now could it be
that the reason it didn't rise to that
level of importance with the people who
actually understand how the world works
the people briefing the president could
it be that this is fairly routine do you
don't I mean how unordinary is it for
some country to be paying the bad guys
in some other group to kill the people
that you want influence in this group
how an ordinary is that because it might
be just so routine and so ever-present
it's entirely possible that the people
briefing the president it just didn't
seem like it was a top ten concerned
because it doesn't matter why somebody's
trying to kill you if you're in
Afghanistan and then you're in the
military you're kind of looking for
people to try to kill you all the time
anyway I do they need a reason does
anybody does anybody think who thinks
that you have to be bribed
if you're an Afghan you know a fighter
who thinks you have to be bribed to kill
Americans well I wasn't thinking of
killing Americans but now that you've
given me all these excellent Russian
roubles or whatever they are now I'm
thinking of as suddenly maybe so
cNN has trotted Carl Bernstein and again
to to say that crazy stuff you know
mind-reading stuff like Trump was
seeking putin's approval trump is always
seeking putin's approval why is Trump
always seeking Putin's approval to which
I say
isn't that like reading his mind we know
what Trump does that I mean the things
we can observe we know for example that
he has been soft on Putin in public
other times he's been you know quite
hard in terms of sanctions and whatnot
so we see what he does but to then
translate that into he's seeking Putin's
approval and I think how dumb our CNN
viewers that they think they need to
turn on the TV to see Carl Bernstein the
worse than Watergate guy comment on his
mind-reading skills that have been wrong
every time so far it's just weird that
this is even on television and then it
works like apparently it works well
enough that they bring him back you must
be popular to their audience but that of
course the the thing I always tease them
about is that you only bring Carl
Bernstein odd if the whole point of it
is to get him to say whatever you're
talking about is worse than Watergate
it's like the whole game because it's
not like he's he's the the natural
person that you would be inviting God
for any other reason if he didn't have
the ability to say yes it's worse than
Watergate if you took that away from him
he would never be on TV so it's obvious
that that's the you know the driving
thing Carl you know do some articles on
this and we'll give it about three
interviews about the third time heinous
heinous were the worse than Watergate
that's going to be the highlight clip
all right so I told you in my aborted
periscope that I've decided to endorse
Joe Biden but only to protect protect
myself from our racist Democrats will
talk about racist Democrats in a moment
a little bit more but you may recognize
this maneuver from 2016 what I said that
I was
going to endorse Hillary Clinton but
only for my safety
I was completely serious meaning that it
actually kept me safe I was able to say
hey I endorse Hillary what are you
coming after me for it's kind of
confusing so I am going to literally
endorse Joe Biden I don't expect this
will have any influence on anybody's
votes why does anybody care about
anybody else endorse is anyway what it
was that even a thing
and you know I don't vote yeah I'm not a
member of any political party don't plan
to me and I don't plan to vote because
it biases me but if it makes me safer
you know during this violent revolution
that we seem to be see seeing here I
endorse Joe Biden so let me let me just
run this by you angry mob comes to my
house and I say why are you here
bothering me I endorse Joe Biden and
they say did you I don't think you did
you're always saying good things about
Trump I sent check my Twitter there it
is boom
somebody says coward in all caps you
know something my mother taught me which
is there was a it's an old saying you
know there's a fine line between bravery
and stupidity I would rather be smart
and alive than very brave and stupid and
dumb you know we're dead so we all get
to choose all right so the Dems the
Democratic Party tweeted the mount Mount
Rushmore was a symbol of white supremacy
and here's the thing are they wrong
right I mean George Washington you know
you they love you George Washington and
you want to keep your your dollar bills
and your quarters and your Washington DC
and all that sorry I certainly
understand
but yeah it's hard to escape the fact
that you own slaves it's just the fact
so you know I can criticize a lot of
things but I can't really criticize
someone who doesn't want to be
surrounded by your reminders of slavery
it's not the most unreasonable thing
even though it's terribly impractical to
change things and it makes people upset
at the same time you know there are not
many there aren't that many cases where
you can so easily see the other side
yeah this is one where you can send
yourself I totally get why people say
that's too far George Washington's
special don't go that far you know it's
complicated
you know people weren't perfect back
there and it has to be viewed through
the lens of history I totally get that
that's a completely reasonable argument
I don't disagree with it a bit but I
completely agree with the people who say
you know I don't think you'd like this
because I wouldn't so it could
definitely see both sides so I think
that's just a question of power you know
work wherever the power is exerted it
will it will determine the outcome
now speaking of power let's talk about
the the thing that everybody is thinking
but you don't want to say it out loud
and you know get banned from all
platforms I guess which is one of the
odds this turns into an actual shooting
revolution because the interesting thing
is that the the protesters are quite
brilliantly avoiding gunfire except at
each other so the the only people are
being shot by protesters are other
protesters apparently now that is
surprisingly good discipline don't you
think I mean that's it's sort of scary
how good the discipline is and the
reason it makes sense because as long as
they have numbers but they don't use
guns the other side that's going to have
to
using guns against them because it would
just increase their numbers so they have
sort of this checkmate kind of thing
where if it's just lots of humans with
maybe some clubs now and then and you
know some dirty tricks but no guns it's
just gonna be hard to control them if
your only tool is guns you're shooting
them would make them stronger it would
it would both you know boost their
argument but on the other hand it has
always been true and probably always
will be true that the government is
whoever uses the most force so if the if
the government in name you know the one
that you think of as the government now
is unwilling or unable to use the most
force then whoever is willing to use the
most force becomes the government so
right now the way they use crowds
against smaller numbers of armed -
people who will use their their weapons
their what would stop them what would be
the thing that stops them because it's
working right and people keep doing what
works well the only thing that will stop
them is force that have had to be a
force that is violent again not
recommending not I'm not saying anybody
should do anything violent I never
recommend that well we're doing is sort
of thinking through what is the logical
ramifications of of what you're saying
right so it's more just a prediction so
things you know I always say there's no
such thing as a slippery slope because
it can't slip forever and you know if we
rethought how we treated George
Washington and that ended up being you
know sort of where the line got drawn in
retrospect you look at it and say well
you know something stopped it but the
only thing to sort of stop it that I can
imagine because they're not looking for
concessions right if the protesters were
looking for something that that
a gap you know an actual specific
deliverable and then you could give it
to them you'd say oh well it's like a
strike by a union as soon as they get
what they want or the best that they can
get then they go back to work but these
protesters are not like a union strike
there's not really a specific thing they
want except more and more is not
something you can satisfy you know
because you can't just give more if the
response is more and more so there's no
way to negotiate an end to something
that isn't a negotiation and can't be by
its nature it's just a power so it's
basically a Power Move and the only
thing that will stop it is violence so
if there is none and again I'm not
suggesting there should be but it will
just sweep through the country and and
become the law of the land would
obviously destroy the country because
the the the main difference between the
left and the right is an understanding
of incentives and how to build a system
you know Republicans are good at
building systems that are a little bit
cruel by objective standards which is is
capitalism cruel yeah yeah it leaves
people behind but it works better than
other systems that's the only your the
only thing you can say about it there's
a compared to the alternatives it's way
better it's not even close but it has
lots of flaws of course anyway
so that's the big differences that there
isn't any way that the the left's view
of how the world should run could
actually work and that's one of the
reasons that I am not jokingly in favor
of letting the the chop occupied zone
then let it run out a little bit you let
it let it play out
because now you say to me but the Scot
people are being killed there you know
that we've had several shootings and
murders in that area but it's only a few
I know that sounds cold but you know
it's an area that has a few burners
every year this is more than normal but
what would be the alternative what's the
alternative if there's no way to get
them out without force then leaving them
there and having them basically
discovered that they were like a better
system might be the least the least
damaging way to game this out in the
long run from the least loss of life so
it might be that they just need to have
enough of a bad experience which would
include death and but it's not it's not
even the number of people getting a shot
or killed that would make the big
difference imagine living in this zone
where you see people walking by open
carry
you know they've actually got guns you
know that there was a shooting the other
night and you know that you've kicked
out the police and you live there so
what if you're especially if you're a
woman yeah you've got a little extra
risk if you're a woman so what are they
thinking what are the women in chopped
thinking when they see that it is become
you know the the law of whoever has a
God or whoever decides to be the most
violent so it seems to me that letting
it run a little bit may if you were to
fast forward into the future and say to
yourself how is this going to look you
know two years from now when we're
looking back at the moment Republicans
are saying some version of President
Trump is not showing enough force not
showing enough I'll lead her ship you
know he's sort of standing back and
letting the the mayors and you know
handle things
that may turn out to look brilliant as
somebody says I have a blind spot about
this I think it's about the the Marxist
plan to take over the world so I don't
have a blind spot about that in fact
everything I've said it's compatible
with that but I think that's what you're
talking about
so yeah and you also have to factor in
the odds that there's a foreign
influence over the protesters now the
odds that there's attempted foreign
influences a hundred percent the odds
that it is successful the it's a
variable that matters let's say that
Russia or China or anybody else
Great Britain yeah that you know is it
possible and could they do it easily the
answer is yeah it's possible they could
do it easily and they have they have
motivation to disable eyes at least in
the case of Russia and China all right
so I laid a little trap on Twitter the
finally sprung and it goes like this
I made three claims in a in a
conversation in which a lot of Hollywood
artists were involved now as you know
artists are my natural enemies so
whenever I say anything on Twitter that
gets the attention of other writers
authors artists musicians they they all
attack but they're they're always a
hilarious and their attacks because they
can't even really follow the point
usually and their attacks are just
completely irrational which is
completely different from when out a
lawyer or an engineer usually comes
after me you know those are those more
rational attacks they're either right or
wrong I agree or I don't but when the
artists come after me it's just it's
just sort of crazy nonsense
and it's more fun to to do that but
anyway I used a technique that I've
written about in which I said three
things two of them
are easily checked and I don't think you
know I wouldn't get as much pushback
from but the third one to set people's
hair on fire because it's a little
ambiguous now when I say it's a little
ambiguous I mean reasonable people could
look at the same information and say
themselves I totally disagree with how
you're interpreting that now when you
can create a situation like that where
there's a difference in how people
interpret the same data and it's
something that matters that's a good
fight so if you're trying to draw
attention to something have I taught you
that doing something that's a little bit
wrong yeah but it's close to something
that's right is where you get all the
attention simply making a claim that's
true or false doesn't get the same
attention as something that's just a
little bit wrong and darn it you know
you should have known it how could I fix
this can't I practice for you you fool
how could you have made this mistake so
here are the claims I made it wasn't a
threat about some discrimination against
African Americans in Hollywood which I'm
sure exists of course I wouldn't doubt
that because it exists everywhere so so
I just added context now waited where do
you see the the breath of this play here
you might appreciate the complexity of
it alright so I said that I had lost two
jobs in corporate America for being a
white male you've heard those stories
those are true because they told me
directly to my face you cannot be
promoted because you're white male so I
left both of those positions eventually
because I had to I couldn't be promoted
but then I made a third claim that's a
little sketchier now here's the part
that's the fun part
of course I know it's sketchy that's why
I did it
so I included a third part because it
draws attention to the other two so
that's the play so here's what I claimed
and by the way this claim is as good as
a lot of other claims that people would
consider legitimate which is what makes
it sort of a good prank then it falls
into that category of well maybe
and so I claimed that I lost the the
Dilbert TV show that ran on the UPN for
because I'm a white creator with a write
a white product and the context is that
UPN decided to do a focus on an
african-american audience right after my
first season in which the Dilbert TV
show had good enough ratings you know
within the UPN universe a good enough
ratings to be renewed now that's pretty
good but you know I don't know what
percentage of shows ever get renewed
after the first season you know it's not
terrific whatever that number is so just
to get renewed it's a pretty big deal
now in the animation world it's a much
bigger deal because here's the thing
with a live-action you can adjust as you
go because you see what you're getting
why you're getting it in other words you
can have your actors do a run-through of
the script if it's not funny you change
a few lines and by the time it gets on
television you know you've really
refined it in real time but if you're
making animation you write it you add
the voices it gets sent off to I think
South Korea at the time the animation
happens and you don't see it again for
months and the only thing you can do for
the most part is cut extra stuff to get
it down to size but you can't really
manipulate it after it comes back
so unlike live-action you've got a six
month wait before you can make your
first adjustment and and we did make
adjustments so we'd get it back and we
think wow
sure this would work because it looked
like it looked good on paper but it
didn't work once it got to the Supreme
so I'd say all right I'll do less of
that but I had this thing I didn't think
would work work really well so we'll do
more of that kind of thing so by the
second season now both these were half
seasons but that's a detail you don't
need so the second season we had
corrected all the things that weren't
good in the first season so the second
season was much better right so here's
the set up first season good enough
ratings to be renewed but the content I
would say it was just alright it was
pretty good but the second season was
actually quite good and in the world of
animation that demonstrates you know you
probably have a pretty big hit on your
hand but that's that's the time that
they decided to be the African American
network and we lost our time slot
because it was it a administrative
communication error as I was told well I
think there was some of that involved
but don't you see don't you imagine that
Dilbert would be the show that would
lose its timeslot because that's how you
kill the show you move its timeslot
that's it's well known in TV world that
if you move some things time slotted the
ratings plummet that happens pretty much
every time unless you're moving it to
like a premium slot that it could go up
so the ratings plunged because the time
slot was moved at the same time they
were considering being an
african-american network in which Dilber
would obviously not be the right product
so was racism involved hard to say isn't
it hard to say and I wouldn't even make
the claim except I don't if it lights
people's hair on fire and it's very much
of the type that you hear all the time
how often have you heard someone else
make a claim not me but somebody else
make a claim of discrimination and you
listen to the story and you say you're
so maybe yo it could be but you know
what else it could be you know what else
it could be could be you're not good at
your job so what did people say to me
when I when I made that claim the
writers of the artist went crazy and
they said now it's because you weren't
good it's because the show wasn't good
look at your ratings in the final final
year which of course is by point two
once they move the timeslot the ratings
go down so of course it gets canceled
he got cancelled for low ratings but had
low ratings because the timeslot was
moved why was the timeslot moved well I
can think of one reason it would have
made sense of their strategy which was
stated to be an african-american
programming network so now that I've got
people's hair on fire from this sketchy
claim that of course I can't approve
it's exactly like all the other things
that can't be proved too by ears so if
you'd like to know how it sounds to me
when I hear somebody make it claim I
just taught you that's how it sounds it
sounds like I don't know Scott I think
maybe your shell wasn't good maybe
consider that that's exactly what it
sounds would I hear other people's
complaints and let me be perfectly clear
it doesn't mean your complaints are
wrong it doesn't mean your complaints
are wrong
because I don't know if mine was right
or wrong I actually don't know can I
prove that I was disadvantaged in any
way I can't really so if somebody says
guy you can't prove that I have to say
hey guess what that's the point
that's the point
now let's get to the fun part this
allowed me to draw a lot of fire what
happens when somebody who is a train to
persuader
draws energy to themselves even when
it's negative yeah what happens when
you draw negative energy to yourself
well you could be like Joe Rogan who
draws both positive and negative energy
and he just made a hundred billion deal
100 million dollar deal with Spotify so
that's why he did with negative energy
you could be like candidate Trump which
are negative energy into the presidency
of the United States could do that or
you could do what I did and that was to
set a trap for Ida Bain Wells who she's
been covering race for the 16:19 project
she calls herself the Beyonce of
journalism this is just in her profile
and she's a co-founder of something the
16:19 project I guess so she writes for
The New York Times Magazine so she's
involved with writing about race and
racism and she replies to me that you're
listening was her first reply - was she
you're absolutely right that is why
white men are totally underrepresented
in supervisory positions high-paying
jobs corporate management I mean they're
practically unicorns now what is there
anything I said this suggested that I
believed that senior management was
diverse a hundred percent of what I said
agreed with her comment which was there
was no diversity there's not much
diversity in Hollywood right that's that
was the whole reason that UPN thought
well let's be a an african-american
Network the whole point was they thought
it was an under filled category so
everything she's saying is what I say in
fact that's why I lost my to corporate
careers I lost them because there were
so many white people waiting at white
men in senior management that they said
hey too many you know we've got to hold
off so that's why I lost my banking and
my
telecommunication jobs but the other
thing that everybody accused me of was
asking for a penny and running a pity
party to which I say I've never asked
for a penny have you ever asked me have
you ever heard me asked for sympathy I'm
just telling you my story but are you
waiting for the good part here's the
good part I tweeted I debate Wells
comment her first first comment I think
that was her second comment actually and
I pinned it to my profile and I asked
people to say if they had the similar
experience of being discriminated
against because they were white and male
do you think anybody had any stories
well let me see how many we've got so
far let's see and this was the
culmination of the whole point so
they're about sixteen hundred comments
and I'll just scroll down somebody in
the middle so these are people who said
they were a white man who were
discriminated against and lost a job for
it almost all of them who say that they
were told directly right so almost all
of these were told directly let's say
yep it happened to me yeah when there
was a state employee boom I have all
these rejections saying the same thing
exactly the same thing happened to my
dad blah blah as police department once
applied for a job of the law wrong
demographic same here but bla bla I was
I was passed over by for a less
experienced bla bla so just on my little
yeah you can see in the comments so
here's here's the red pill of all red
pills
you ready for it it's the red pill of
red pills and by the way what I'm gonna
say next I couldn't say until I had set
up this chain of events so that I could
post this tweet in context so I had a
contact so I could tweet it and say hey
anybody have the same experience that I
had to create a whole series of events
just to be free to say that because I
don't have freedom of speech
yeah the way other people do and now I
can say this it's one of the biggest
discriminations in the world against
white men but the trick that is being
played on us is that if you lost a job
because you're a white man well you
because they're a rich men that are not
you you understand that reasoning right
you were passed over for a job so your
life was impacted by a racist decision
there's no one you know they were trying
to fix a past injustice we all get that
and in fact I agree with some reverse
discrimination
I'm not even opposed to it I'm just
saying it exists and it's way bigger
than you think yes that the fact is the
white people have not been allowed to
complain but here's what you got wrong
once once things got to the point where
George Washington's being torn down and
more Mount Rushmore is being threatened
now it is no longer a power imbalance
where if you're a white male you just
couldn't talk because you were a
considered part of the elite and you
just you didn't have free speech but as
your power and society subsides and it's
happening in real time right now you
know that the power of being a white
male in the United States would anybody
argue is is at least heading in the
direction of lower so whatever you
thought it was before it's certainly
going lower so that that frees up some
free speech because whoever is the most
downtrodden in our society gets the most
free speech
right the president the most powerful he
has to be the most careful or she has to
be the most careful about how they talk
but if you were as let's say a black man
in America you can kind of say anything
right you can kind of say anything
because traditionally you've got so much
working against you that people will say
yeah okay but the the more presumed or
actual power you have the less free
speech you have it just works that way
so I can say now something I couldn't
say before which is that although I'm
not personally complaining if you know
it was a serious offense which led me
because I had enough options to succeed
in a better way than working in a
cubicle so for me it worked out great in
the long run right I'm not sure it works
out great for everybody else but what I
would like to suggest is that it is
super racist to overlook all of the
white men and others you know it's not
just white men but a number of the
examples were Asian Americans and women
who were having the same experience so
it wasn't just white men but if there's
a massive amount of serious direct
discrimination going on and and their
reasoning given for it is that you have
to pay for the sins of some strangers
who have also white skinned which is the
most super racist thing you've ever
heard in your life
super racist but we can say that now I
couldn't really say that before all
right so that was the whole point of
that and I felt bad because there were
actually some well-intentioned people
who were trying to figure out if my
example was real or not and I felt bad
because I was kind of pranking you know
pranking people with that third example
but the third example was to draw
attention to the other two third example
might be true as well I just don't know
I
no but I know that it got people's hair
on fire that's what I wanted here's an
interesting factoid the Iranian budget
is fifties now they have an income for
the government so this is what the
government has to spend oil revenue and
tax income combined 57 billion so that's
the annual amount that red house to
spend 57 billion
their budget is 480 billion and the
problem of course is that oil prices are
low but also that their economy suffers
from all the sanctions so how long can I
ran you just continue as a country if
they're making fifty seven billion a
year but spending four hundred eighty
billion and I have to think that they're
going to prune back their support of you
know adventurous terrorism just because
they can't afford it so is the
president's plan totally working because
it sort of looks like it is this sort of
looks like squeezing Iran is totally
working let's say I'm sure I had a few
other things out here so tick-tock just
got banned in India do you know how big
a deal that is so tick-tock was banned
in India along with I don't know fifty
other apps that Chinese connection
because it allowed China to gather data
I think inspire people and God knows
what else so how long do you think
tic-tac is going to last in the United
States tic-tac I said tic-tac again
tick-tock how long do you think tick
tock is going to last and still be legal
to use in the United States
I don't think long now here's the most
interesting thing that came out of that
so Balaji Srinivasan Duvall rava Conte
if you don't if you don't know those two
names that you don't know anything about
Silicon Valley but I just I just met you
two of the smartest most successful
people into Silicon Valley and they said
they're open to looking at business
plans investments for people who make a
competitor an American version of a
competitor to these Chinese apps so
goodbye Chinese apps so no matter
whether or not the government bans the
Chinese apps and I think that's just a
guarantee I can't imagine that's not in
the pipeline and I can't imagine it's
not gonna happen soon so that's probably
gonna happen and it looks like the
smartest people of Silicon Valley just
just put the green light on business
plans for competitors so let's watch the
smartest people in America just just
take that off the table just take those
apps just right out of the game that's
not going to happen right away and it
probably does require that the
government banned the ones that are
coming from China but capitalism it's
going to do its thing
so Washington Post global opinions
editor Karen Atia so something she said
recently was quote in a tweet I guess I
think she took it out but we said white
women are lucky then we were just
calling them Karen's and not calling for
a revenge innocence deleted tweet now
imagine imagine if you were not a black
woman who was an opinion editor at The
Washington Post who else could say that
and still keep their job I mean she
deleted the tweet but I can't imagine a
white person being
say that and keep their job so keep an
eye on that so that's that's a little
freedom of speech that some people have
that not everybody has so I I was
complaining about the treatment that The
Daily Beast gave to Van Jones and I was
saying that so their claim was that he
had advised the White House of the
police reform executive order and then
he had said good things about it on TV
without disclosing that he had advised
the mother so I had said you know how
disgusting of The Daily Beast people
don't you know brag about advising the
White House yeah it's just not done and
if he liked the outcome well just why
not
he liked the outcome what's he gonna do
say he doesn't like the outcome when he
likes the outcome so I would say it was
a it was just a hit piece over nothing
but that Van Jones clarified that he had
nothing to do with the the executive
order and that they'd apparently they
reported they saw him going to the White
House he's been he's been nowhere near
the way even Washington DC the entire
story was just made up the entire story
was just made up can you freaking
believe that for The Daily Beast they
they just picked the guy to do a hip
piece on and literally just made up
stuff and then wrote it or wrote an
article on this stuff they made up it
does it doesn't that just make your head
spin and that The Daily Beast is still
in there in business and people people
read it and they think they're getting
news and stuff they think that there's
something you're real in it it's kind of
mind-boggling anyway so that's what
that's all about
yeah yeah somebody in the comments is
making you laugh speaking of the steel
dossier let me ask you this
this is where the second cycle of or is
it the third if you carry Ukraine
indirectly of Russia being pulled into
American politics who has an interest in
pulling Russia into American politics
who has that interest now you saved
yourself all obviously the Democrats the
Democrats have an interest because it
works pretty well
gets their base fired up throw a little
more Russian stuff on there and I would
say to yourself yeah yeah but I would
say that Democrats are somewhat agnostic
about how and they attack the president
I feel as if they would use whatever
they thought worked
it could be Russia it could be something
else but it is really the Russia stuff
the strongest play think about how badly
the Democrats got spanked on the whole
Russia collusion thing do you think that
they would say you know what I'd like to
do the Russian collusion thing again
let's do some more Russia stuff do you
feel as if that would be their just
logical go to could be I can't rule the
middle but let me ask you this what
other country would like us to be anti
Russia so people are saying China does
it does that fit it would where China
like the United States to be anti Russia
well what would we do so they'll say
you're China
what would the United States do if they
thought Russia was more of a threat
build more weapons build up our military
does China what the United States to
build up its military even if the point
of it is that part of the threat is
Russia maybe maybe not so who would be a
country who would like the United States
to build up his military
but would be sort of concerned about
Russia somebody who's had a connection
to for example the steel dossier yeah
Great Britain Great Britain is the
obvious suspect because Great Britain
can only survive if the United States
and through its NATO efforts has a huge
military deterrent against Russia
because who else threatens Great Britain
is it France is Great Britain worried
about France yeah
not at the moment Germany no no is
Europe and Great Britain in particular
worried that Russia might get a little
adventurous yes it was Great Britain
worried about China probably a little
bit but they gave them you know they
they were friendly with hog hogs like
yeah you think it's it's a deal you take
it back we said we'd give it to you so
now given that the steel dossier and a
British connection and it feels like
they just come up a lot and it feels as
if anything that directs the United
States public opinion against Russia and
against the President Trump who they
might think is a little soft on Russia
you gotta look at them first don't you
so I'm not saying I'm not blaming you so
obviously I don't have any inside
information about this I'm just saying
if you're just looking at the board and
you're saying here's a coincidence
Russia story Russia story Russian story
you think if it worked really well the
first time you'd see more of it but it
didn't work it was sort of an
embarrassment or did it work I don't
know so I would at least say let's keep
that in mind
all right that's all I got for now and I
will see you tomorrow and I'm gonna try
to make the interview with Carson work I
think I figured out what I was doing
wrong it was on my head the problem was
and we'll try that tomorrow and I'll see
you