boom-boom-boom-boom
hey everybody come on my name's Janice
and MS booboo hat Andrew come on in grab
a seat it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams yes some of you know the theme
song pum pum pum pum pum you can
actually do my theme song in any order
and any kind of rhythm and any kind of
any kind of musicality you like it's all
good and you know what else is good a
simultaneous sip that's why you come you
come for the simultaneous sip grab your
cup your mug your jug your takers your
stein your flask your thermos fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the simultaneous sip
oh I love coffee when it's just the
right temperature that was a good one
well did all of you see the deeply
embarrassing bet O'Rourke apologies on
the view now usually I don't like to
talk about the I don't sort of a smaller
issue but it was so cringe-worthy
watching beto apologize for his white
male privilege then I thought to myself
what do the people think who supported
that guy two months ago if you're a
Democrat and you've been wrong about
just about everything for three years
yeah and I'm just saying this is just
for fun there are people who were wrong
about everything about Trump about
whether we can elect it about how he
would do after he's elected hey the
economy was great didn't see that coming
did you
so people have been wrong about just
everything for three years straight they
finally get this candidate bet oh and
they say huh well I've been wrong for
three years straight but I got my
candidate bet oh this Beto guy he looks
pretty pretty good he's looking like he
could be President two months later Oh
God it happened to me again once again I
have proven that I know nothing about
the world and I'm a terrible judge of
character
does anybody say that is there anybody I
wonder because I expect there's nobody
who says that but shouldn't they say if
you're watching it from the outside you
say to yourself you know if I'd been
wrong for three years straight and then
I picked Beto and then I watched him go
on the
cringe-worthy apology tour for being
himself which is about as self
eliminating as anything could possibly
be what I say to myself well maybe
there's a pattern here the pattern seems
to be I'm really really bad at judging
character and figuring out who to vote
for and who's gonna be good but I
thought that doesn't happen people being
people let's talk about some more people
let's talk about Mark Cuban who made
headlines because he said that he
doesn't think that any of the 22 or 24
hour for money Democrat candidates there
are he says he doesn't think any of them
have a chance against Trump
now that's noteworthy because Cuban has
not been terribly pro Trump he's you
know he's been on both sides of things
he says some good things and some bad
things but it's got a notable coming for
him now of course he's leaving open his
options to run for president himself my
expectation is that because he's smart
it's not going to be 2020 if Mark Cuban
runs for president in 2020 short of some
kind of you know national drafting you
know movement to draft him in and get
rid of all 22 Democrats which I don't
see any chance that's going to happen
but sure to some miracle situation he's
certainly not going to get into it into
this mess
because strategically you would just he
would disappear in the group by 2024 he
can own the group he's sort of setting
the public up to expect that the worst
person you could run for president is a
career politician that's one of the
things I loved about Cubans comment
because when he says all 22 of them have
no chance against Trump it is of course
headline news so the headline not
looking at the headline right now it's a
top page of Fox News he says guess what
the headline is guess what 2020
candidate Mark Cuban thinks can beat
Trump right now and the answer is not so
he's got this headline and then he
frames it quite cleverly as the reason
that there isn't a single Democrat who
could possibly be Trump is that the
public doesn't want to doesn't want a
politician now that's true if meaning
that part of Trump's appeal is that he
he was not a traditional politician it
does ignore the fact that part of
Trump's appeal is everything Trump all
right you can't really pick the one
variable and the Trump and say well look
at all things Trump it was this one
variable because he wasn't a politician
that's the thing it's never that and
there's never one variable that explains
this more complicated situation but
Cuban is very clever to focus on that
variable because that's what gives him a
clear channel to run for president in
2024 he would like the public to be
thinking in those terms now he's not
wrong because if you look at the bunch
of of Democratic candidates part of what
makes them look so pathetic is two years
of President Trump if we had never had a
president Trump just do this mental
exercise think of all the the Democratic
candidates for president now imagine a
world you know and it's hard like this
is really hard I don't know if anybody
can do this I can't do it but try to a
matter
there had never been a president Trump
he never ran for office you'd never
heard of him what would those 22
candidates look like do you know what
people would be saying think about this
do you know what people would be saying
about the 22 Democrat candidates what
would they say
if there'd never been a president Trump
they would say what they said about the
Republican field of what 16 people who
ran at the same time the Trump rant they
would say it's the strongest yeah he
somebody got there before I did that
they would say it's the strongest field
of candidates they'd ever seen the most
qualified best group of candidates who
have ever run for president true right
if there had never been a president
Trump you'd never heard of him he never
ran for president they would say this
group was the strongest bunch of
candidates they'd ever seen in the
history of the Republic but there is a
president Trump he did run for president
he did win he did have the the first
part of his first term is the best term
any president ever had in terms of
results for the country you know there
are lots of scandals and stuff but
results for the country best of all time
so now how did those 22 Democrats look
they look terrible yeah it they look so
bad individually and as a group they
look so weak that their frontrunner is a
70 year old doddering guy was a little
bit too touchy and maybe has some racist
stuff in his past now I'm not saying
Biden's a racist he's clearly not but
he's because of his age there are always
quotes he said then maybe sounded a
little better back then but don't sound
so good now so he's got some issues he
needs to deal with but if you think
about it the best they have the one who
is the overwhelming favorite among that
group is not really even slightly
competitive with Trump he did Biden just
looks like you know like I said this
before if you started with Trump and
removed from Trump every quality that we
like about him
you would have Biden that's what would
be left Biden would be the part you
throw away after you have to you had all
the good stuff so as a match up if
you're imagining Biden as a president is
pretty easy to do because he was vice
president he's got a long resume so if
if there had never been a president
Trump it's pretty easy to imagine a
President Joe Biden but there is a
president Trump and now everything Biden
does will be compared to the the the Sun
level
I don't limit inside of Trump it's just
gonna break Biden look like a doddering
old man who doesn't know you know he's
telling you to get off your lawn get off
his lawn I mean I but something
interesting happened Biden mentioned a
little preview of what his health care
plan will be I guess there are some
details to come but what Biden teased
and I mean I might have this wrong so
subject this to fact-checking what what
I say next is my best guess of what
Biden's health care plan will look like
based on what he said give it give us a
great assault because he could he could
change it before it's official and I may
have misinterpreted it but what is
sounded like is that he wanted an option
where there's a Medicare option for all
but you but you maintain all the private
health care insurance that already
exists so you wouldn't you wouldn't
break the private market he would just
say for those people who don't have
coverage there's a Medicare option now
that's very close to the to what I had
suggested in one of my periscopes which
is to have the Medicare option but to
make it a low-cost option not a free
option so there's a low-cost health
insurance that will get people in and
then my idea which I suppose is not my
idea is just the idea that people take
to health care
if you've got these competing systems
you've got all the private insurance and
you've got a reinvigorated Medicare
where some people are paying to be on it
you've got a competitive situation and
the competition by drive prices lower in
a perfect world alright let's talk about
the border why is it that all the news
about the border just suddenly stopped
why is it that we're not every day
seeing pictures of caravans coming to
the border did did I miss a story we're
at all the the problem went away I mean
I've seen little stories like TSA some
TSA employees are being sent to the
border to help out and yeah there's a
little little video on CNN about
children sleeping outside which looked
horrible but for the most part is that
that issue seems to be downplayed by the
media am I wrong why would the media
suddenly go from talking about the
border non-stop to not talking about it
much at all what would cause that to
happen could it be that what causes less
coverage of the border crisis is that
President Trump was unambiguously right
all along about the seriousness of
getting this under control could it be
that the story went from or hurting
President Trump to proving that
everything he's frickin said is spot-on
because that's what it looked like to me
it looked like the border story went
from everything bad for Trump so let's
get a lot of this on the air - uh-oh
everything he warned us about just came
true it turns out that human beings
operate on incentives apparently
President Trump was the only person who
knew that the only person who knew that
if he make it attractive to come more
people will come who do that only
President Trump then everybody voted for
him I guess
so so that story went away and what
happened to all the poor people who are
suffering at the border did their did
their needs disappear did did the
anti-trump press the suddenly you
stopped caring did they stop caring
about the people in crisis at the border
or is there something going on with
Mexico is Mexico doing a better job of
controlling it what's going on and by
the way I'd like to come back to my
framing of the border situation because
I think it's the best framing I've seen
and the framing is instead of talking
about the details the costs and the
benefits which is what people do you
know what's the law cost what's the
benefit does it work does not work we
kind of get lost in the details here's
the better framing who gets to decide on
immigration who gets to decide what the
United States allows or doesn't allow
for immigration whose decision is it
that's the frame that makes sense
because if we have strong border
security than the decision is with the
United States the citizens of the United
States can decide who let in how many of
them to let in in under what conditions
if we don't have strong border security
decisions for the United States are made
by Guatemalans you we would essentially
transfer our vote to Guatemala that's
not that's not hyperbole is it the the
citizens of the United States have a
choice of maintaining the the power of
the vote in terms of immigration just
talking about immigration we have the
option of us being in charge which would
require border security because without
that we're not in charge or we can
transfer our control we the citizens to
Guatemalans because if we don't have a
border security it's up to them
it's up to the cartel we actually are
consciously deciding
and this is mind-blowing isn't it the
United States is having a debate and I
don't think this is going too far right
yeah the u.s. is having a debate about
whether the decisions about how the
United States is formed and what it
looks like in terms of immigration are
we going to decide that as US citizens
or are we going to let those decisions
be made by Mexican cartels and
Guatemalans and other Central Americans
who gets to make the decision because
it's there's two parts to this one is
what is decided which is of course is
very important but secondly you have to
back up from that before you say what is
decided you have to decide who gets to
make the decision that's what a system
looks like let me let me broaden this
most of the problem or let's say the
disagreements between the political left
and the political right in this country
are a difference between goals and
systems but we don't think of it that
way we should because I would say that
the the political left has by far the
best goals what are the goals of the
political left well everybody everybody
has a good chance everybody has health
care you know education doesn't make you
bankrupt so if you look at the goals of
the Left they're the best which is one
of the one of the reasons I'm proud to
say that I'm left of burning so
politically I call myself left and
burning because the goals on the Left
are really really good it's everybody's
treated well there was no discrimination
we've got health care and all that but
here's the problem how do you do any of
that stuff and he do it so when I say
I'm left to Bernie I say I'm left to
Bernie except I'm better at math because
that's sort of my my count because I
don't know how to get any of that stuff
with just normal processes what what the
people on the right to do is they don't
speak
in terms of goals they speak in terms of
systems the Constitution is a system now
a goal would be everybody's treating
retreated right but you can't really get
to fairness fairness is this ambiguous
subjective standard but you can get to
the point where we're all following the
same set of rules that's as close as you
can get to fair in terms of how the
right sees the world so the right wants
you know good laws they want capitalism
they want market forces they want
Constitution all of those are systems
you don't know what the outcome will be
you don't know how how good the GDP will
be you don't know how free will be we
don't know how fair the outcome will be
of these systems the only thing we know
with some certainty is that no one has
designed better ones these are the best
systems if somebody had a better system
I'm sure the people on the right would
at least give it a look so when you look
at the border it's another one of these
classic situations where the right as a
system and the system is let's get these
citizens of the United States in charge
of the decision and then the next part
of that process is once we have control
of the of the border we get to decide
who comes in and under what conditions
that's a system what does that look like
in the end is it fair I don't know is it
is it better than what the the left
imagine I don't know
but the system is pretty solid little
people on the Left have goals they don't
have any way to get there I think that's
obvious even Mark Cuban I think would
agree with that so there you are if you
start seeing this as the conservatives
have systems and systems are good but
you don't know where they're going and
the Democrats have goals you can see my
interests I think maybe for the first
time you're you're you I'm gonna connect
the dots here in a moment but
I have you been at all confused by the
fact that I spend so much time talking
to Republicans and pro Trump people
interacting with them you most of you
and talking about things on that side of
the political divide while I
unambiguously
tell you that my personal leanings are
far to the left of burning right does
that it probably has confused people for
a long time but you're starting to see
why because you've got to in completes
you've got these goals like look pretty
good you've got these systems that look
pretty good and they're not incompatible
if we're realistic about it
the way to achieve the goals on the Left
are through the systems on the right and
those systems need to be improved for
example take climate change the the end
goal of climate change is to you know
save the world and have greener sources
of energy what do the Republicans say
about that
well they say how do you get there
what's the system the system in this
case is capitalism removing regulations
creating in the Energy Department a way
to rapidly test new nuclear fuels and
very importantly allowing that nuclear
energy could be a part of the solution
so long as it has the right risk reward
which it does it has a really good risk
from the war now a generation three
nuclear and an generation four so far
I've had zero problems you know there
have been zero nuclear incidents with
generation three which is most of I
think or all of what France asked and
this is the newer versions all of the
famous meltdowns you've heard of were
prior generations that were by their
design more dangerous or at least by the
way they were operated and so you see
the the Republicans going after
competition market forces
entrepreneurialism
letting the market free using the
government to stimulate rapid testing
these are all systems these are all
there is always to approach a problem
and then you see the the Democrats say
get rid of all the co2 green energy you
know which is not really much of
anything
to say that you would like solar and
wind to solve climate change is great
it's a great goal nobody knows how to
get there right well maybe somebody does
so I don't know how yeah all right so
that framing of systems versus goals is
very important if you can imagine the
president given close to election day in
2020 whoever he's running against
they've got two really good issues
they've got climate change and they've
got health care and they're gonna ride
these two issues climate change in
health care because these are the two
things that the president's not good at
all the president has to do is come in
and say here all the things we're doing
competitively and with market
competition here the rules changes
collectively these will stimulate
nuclear and other green energy stuff
we're going to push all of them as hard
as we can because it doesn't matter if
climate change is real or not you still
want as much natural gas because it's
better than coal you still want as much
nuclear as you can get if you do it
right it doesn't matter if the president
came out and said look it doesn't even
matter if I'm right or wrong about
climate change we want to do exactly the
same stuff we want to sell American gas
we want to sell American you know
nuclear technology we want to do it all
and we want to do it as hard as we can
and as fast as we can so long as it's
safe so you don't even have to argue
about this climate stuff
I'm a hundred percent with you on all
the stuff we should do
now that he probably wouldn't be 100%
with them on the details but it would
look like it it would look like he had a
system it looked like he was moving
aggressively the right place so the
president has a clear channel like super
clear
there's just nothing standing in the way
of the president completely owning
climate change by embracing nuclear
energy and other things that we want to
do anyway stuff we want to do anyway
health care the president has done a
poor job in my opinion of selling the
things that his administration actually
is doing well the Health and Human
Services Group has published a fairly
long list of things that the
administration has done they have the
collective effect of improving
competition for example the recent rule
change that says the pharmaceutical
companies have to say their prices when
they advertise that's a small thing if
it were the only change you'd say well
that's not a big deal by itself but
there are a whole bunch of those things
which collectively add visibility and
allow market forces to work the
president has done a poor job of touting
that success when it gets closer to
election again it has a clear
superhighway to say here's the deal we
don't know how long it will take us or
what it will look like in terms of the
goal of everybody having good health
care but I'm gonna tell you the process
for getting there here's how I would
describe it by the way here's the
background before I was a cartoonist I
worked in a big corporation doing
budgets and projections and PowerPoint
presentations and such so I'm sort of an
expert based on experience and
explaining complicated stuff to people
who need to make decisions that's what I
did for a living so I would look at all
the budget and all the projects and I'm
trying to simplify it so the people who
didn't know as much about the details
could say okay that I'll make that
decision or that decision so I'm going
to do that for healthcare here's the way
here's the way I would describe or
here's the way I would approach
healthcare from a Republican
market-based perspective I would start
by educating the public and I'm gonna
make up some examples that I'm gonna
make up some examples don't get too
caught up on the numbers I would start
by saying alright we've got how many
people who are not covered with
healthcare insurance and that number is
something like 18% of the country and
then I would say if 18% of the country
does not have health insurance just
wanted to buy health insurance on the on
the market what would it cost and you
come up with a number that's gonna be
something like 800 billion dollars a
year and you say to yourself okay and
that doesn't work you know the the GDP
of the United States is about 17
trillion the the budget of the
government is around a trillion I'm
using some rough numbers so you don't
want to add 700 or 800 billion dollars
per year to a budget that's only a
trillion you basically you know you'd be
increasing the budget by eighty percent
so right away you say well that's that's
a problem is it a fortunately another
budget anyway so I assume all my numbers
are wrong so I'm not gonna claim any of
my numbers right but listen to the
listen to the concept so the concept is
if you just wanted to buy in the open
market health care for the 18% or so
that don't have it it would be too
expensive whatever that number is don't
get too caught up on it some people are
saying the the budget is fortunately in
the year which doesn't doesn't
completely change the argument it just
says that health care is not as big as
the budget but it would still be way
more than people want to pay so you
start with that number they say okay
we'd have to find eight hundred billion
dollars somewhere people are either
gonna have to pay more taxes or
something's gonna happen and I would
make you that make the various
categories of where to find that eight
hundred billion a year
for example I would say I'm going to
change all these rules and I'm gonna
take a hundred billion out of the costs
through better market efficiency so now
you were eight hundred billion looks
more like 700 billion in a few years
once these rules take its place then you
say well all these people who were
getting emergency care services somebody
was paying for that before so of the 800
billion there was probably another
hundred billion two hundred billion that
we were paying anyway for people who
were uninsured so somebody was eating
that already so you trying to figure out
how to recapture that because if the if
the emergency rooms no longer have to
work without pay they should be able to
lower the costs so we should be able to
find another hundred billion two hundred
billion right so you start with the 800
billion and then you identify the places
where you can you can take a bite out of
that some of the places might be
prevention some of the places might be
that you develop a lower cost health
care might be telemedicine might be some
kind of social coordination thing
so you see you develop ways that some
people optionally could have very
inexpensive health care but may not have
all the features so the point is that
you start with the big number 800
billion you say way too expensive you
say what are all the ways we can chip
away at this we can develop new cheaper
systems we can compete better we can
take them at the amount that we're
spending on emergency rooms and now
that's available because everybody would
have insurance and then you sort of put
it all in your spreadsheet and you say
these are the variables these are the
only things we have to play with if if
we can't figure out how to get these
costs down it just won't make sense but
we'll build a system that can address
each of these levels of costs so we'll
do things that help startups and
entrepreneurs will get rid of
restrictions we don't need will increase
competition
I think you could make a story that says
on day one we can't afford universal
health care insurance but you could draw
a timeline where you could get to it if
all of these things work now so the way
I would approach it as the president is
trying to simplify the story into a few
categories of costs that have to be
attacked directly and I'd say if we
can't get this this and this this cost
down we just can't afford it afford
insurance here are the things I'm doing
to try to get those costs down and we
think that in ten years we're gonna look
pretty good something like that all
right I'm noting with great
entertainment and apparently there's
gonna be some fighting infighting
between Comey and Brennan about who did
or said what about the steel dossier
whose decision was it to include this in
you know as the the basis of the Russian
investigation and the FISA warrants and
all that gets a little complicated but
the fun part is that it looks like
clapper Brennan and Comey are all in the
barrel and those three may be fighting
about to see which one of them looks
like looks like the worst of the bunch
so there's that let's talk about I saw
something horrible in the news it was an
Instagram user a 16 year old and
Malaysia I think who did an online poll
on Instagram about whether she should
kill herself in her online poll by 69
percent voted that she should kill
herself
was she fourteen and then then she
killed herself so she actually held an
online poll about whether she should
commit suicide and it was 69 percent
said yes that's one of the worst things
you'll ever hear in your life but it
tells you the power of the internet and
however much power you think the
Internet has probably has more than that
it does seem to me that murder by
internet might become
a crime if it's not already so it makes
me wonder let's say if you had somebody
who was really persuasive how hard would
it be to kill somebody using nothing but
the Internet to convince them to do it
themselves
oh or taking Vince somebody else to do
it I mean if you look at the news you
see you see that people like me are
being identified by the news industry
and social media as someone that it's
okay to punch so I think murder by
internet is the real thing let me put it
this way with my skill set for
persuasion if I actually wanted to kill
somebody by internet I think I could do
it I wouldn't do it I don't recommend
anybody try but I think it's a real
thing I think you could murder somebody
by internet if you had the right set of
skills and you selected the right target
and you use the right technique I think
I think all the the elements are in
place to make that crime completely
practical wouldn't work every time but I
would think it would work too much so I
don't know what we do with that because
it brings into question the whole free
will and free speech questions
what if somebody determined that they
could kill people fairly easily by
internet would it become illegal if all
they were doing is talking I don't know
it's interesting question a horrible
question all right let's talk about the
heartbeat bill so some of the southern
countries southern southern states are
introducing these so-called heartbeat
bills and the ideas that they would
define the life of the fetus as starting
when the heart B starts now as you know
I recuse myself from the question of
abortion in terms of what the law should
be the reason I do that is that I prefer
that women
have a majority or were they the primary
decision-making on that question because
no matter where it ends up a lot of
people are going to be unhappy and so
under those conditions I fall to the
best system the best system is that
women are the primary voice for deciding
what the laws are and then once women
have decided by some majority I will
back them so I just want to be
supportive of the majority of women on
abortion so do not assume that you're
seeing something about my own opinion
here because I'm recusing myself but
from a persuasion perspective the
heartbeat bill is really brilliant I
gotta say from just a persuasion
perspective the heartbeat bill is that's
really strong persuasion here's why the
current abortion rules as I understand
them subject to your fact-checking is
that the standard is whether the fetus
can survive outside the mother and there
is certainly you can see why they would
have that standard because that's a
practical standard that is something
that you could sort of have some
scientific backing for but it's never a
clean clean decision because science
gets better all the time and where's
that lie so that's the way it's been
based on surviving building but the
people who were pro-life very cleverly
came up with this heartbeat idea now the
first thing they did this brilliant is I
assume that they intentionally got that
name heartbeat bill into our minds now
once it's in your mind and you're
comparing these two standards of whether
something is a human being was alive
just think about these two standards one
if science has determined that roughly
speaking it could survive outside the
womb but that level is changing all the
time all right that's the current
standard sort of it's pretty pretty
fuzzy and probable
you can see compare that to does they
have a heartbeat yes or no I'm assuming
the question of whether has a heartbeat
is unambiguous or certainly a lot closer
to being unambiguous now what makes that
brilliant and again I'm not giving you
an opinion I'm not giving you my opinion
on abortion laws I recuse myself so I'm
just talking through the persuasion part
of it what's brilliant about that is
that our our understanding of what it
means to be alive is very much heartbeat
related so at the end of your life if
your heart stops pretty much every human
being would have the same interpretation
if your heart stopped you're dead if
your heart is still beating
well now it's ambiguous you could be
brain dead but we would still keep you
alive subject to you know large
conversations and even some people would
say keeps them alive even if the brain
is dead but we but you agree on the
point that we are very primed as a
species to think that a heartbeat is the
definition of whether you're alive or
dead it's traditionally scientifically
it's very this is very say universal
standard so what's brilliant about these
moves by the southern states is that
moving the conversation from viability
to heartbeat is really really really
really strong persuasion whether or not
it works we'll see but I would be you
know I wouldn't be amazed if this
framing doesn't change how people think
of the whole situation
so we'll see what these Supreme Court
does cuz all this stuff will end up in
the Supreme Court I will tell you that
there is some thinking and I'm a member
of that but I'm reconsidering this view
but at the moment I have the view that
any state that makes abortion illegal
through these heartbeat bills or some
other mechanism is going to suffer
economically and that that should be
enough to talk most states and I'm doing
it so I would not be surprised if there
were a number of southern states who end
up with restrictive abortion bills and
other states do not and that overtime if
you were to measure the economic
progress of each of those states the
ones who have the restrictive laws will
attract less entrepreneurial people
attract fewer big corporations attract
fewer employees so somebody says no
their population will be better I don't
know if their population will be better
but what we could say for sure is that
big corporations are going to think
twice before going there imagine if you
will if Apple Computer were looking for
a new state to move to imagine if it's
Google
imagine if it's Amazon imagine any of
the big tech companies looking to move
into a state and build a facility there
which of the big tech companies could
move to Georgia knew which of the big
companies could move to Alabama not
right I don't believe there's any large
tech company that could move any kind of
operation into one of the abortion
states if if we end up with a situation
where some states banned abortions I
don't think so I think that the big
corporations that are American
corporations will say it's just not on
the list we're not even going to
consider it now somebody's saying what
about Hobby Lobby and what about
companies that move there because they
prefer that situation maybe there might
be some offsets but I would imagine I
would imagine there are very few people
who will move someplace to restrict
their own rights I think that's the
thing people will make a decision to
give themselves more rights but people
rarely will go where
where it's just restricting their own
rights that's not a reason to move all
right let's see what else we got
it's all the fun stuff for today so
let's see if there's any new news
today's we'll have more to talk about
and disagree if somebody says they move
is usually just an expansion using
people already there well I'm saying
that big companies do make decisions
about where to move facilities and and
the big tech companies will definitely
not move to one of those states it's
just not going to happen so so there you
are all right Joe Scarborough said Trump
looks 20 years younger than some
Democrats yeah there there's your
contrast problem your contrast problem
is that the Trump people are going to be
surprised that Trump just looks more
interesting and better and more
competent and now even more experienced
more experienced than this competition
all right riots in Iran is that true the
riots in Iran because that would be
interesting oh there is something
interesting about ran so I think how
many I don't know how to pronounce his
name
the Ayatollah Iranian Ayatollah when
addressing the you know the increase in
tensions the Ayatollah said that there
won't be a war now that's very
interesting isn't it because are you
used to countries when they're having
tensions they say stuff like every
option is on the table you know if they
do this we will respond aggressively
isn't that the normal way that countries
who are adversaries talk to each other
but Khomeini
said don't worry about a war because
there's not gonna be one isn't that
interesting now of course you somebody
says stop ignoring Spygate I just talked
about Spygate you must be late so isn't
it interesting that Iran
their leader would say there's not going
to be war that tells me that Iran really
really doesn't love war because if they
thought there was any chance of war and
they and they thought that there was any
any chance that they might get into on
any chance that they might want one they
would use different language one thing
wouldn't they say you better stay away
we will make you pay they'd say you know
if you start a war with us we will
destroy your assets in the Middle East
whatever but to say there won't be a war
just like flat-out no there won't be a
war it's interesting because the only
way there could be or is if Iran started
it because I don't see a scenario in
which the United States starts a war
with Iran so rad actually has the power
to say no there won't be a war because
we're not going to fight so you don't
have to worry about it if we don't fight
there's no war because they're not going
to just you know invade which is true so
who knows if anything this Iran says is
true
who knows what is persuasion and whether
they say different things so there
locally that they say in English who
knows all those things are our questions
but while I'm watching this develop the
two questions that are not answered is
who is it who is attacking these Saudi
resources and why aren't we at least
wondering if it's around you know are we
as far as I know we moved our military
assets based on what do you have an
answer
question the u.s. just moved out a whole
bunch of military assets into the Middle
East to respond to Iran and Iran did
what allegedly they did something now
how do you feel about the fact that the
military of your country just staged
itself to be ready for a war a war and
and you don't even know why think about
that you've never even been offered a
reason yeah there's some intelligence
there's something happening and we hear
we hear that it's bad and Iran is behind
it and they're doing something but what
what is it are we gonna start a war
without knowing why I don't think so
yeah somebody saying Israel gave us
Intel I'm sure that's true
yeah I'm sure it is real is giving us
Intel about Iran and vice-versa but I
think it's about time for the citizens
to find out what the hell's going on and
I'm not sure that I would be too happy
with trust us it's a secret would you
would you support war under the
condition that it was started for
reasons that we can't tell you I
wouldn't there's not the slightest
chance I would support a war with no
reasons given because there are secret
reasons so that's where we are now now I
also am not worried about President
Trump starting a war because he's not
inclined to do that he's ready
it's positioning it's persuasion that's
negotiation so it makes sense to move
our assets there because it is shows
that we're taking everything seriously
it reminds them what the risks are so
it's it's good persuasion but I would
say the risk of war with Iran because
both sides aggressively don't want that
yeah the joint the John Bolton thing is
interesting because I think the
president benefits
by having Donald to be bad cop so I
think Trump does well with the bad cop
on the team Bolton was the best bad cop
you ever had the president can be
trusted I think to to use his own
instincts to to cancel that out people
are saying that Bolton will be gone but
I think Bolton is useful because he
scares the pants off the the other side
as long as bolt goes there Iran does
believe that they have in a military
threat the day that Bolton leaves Iran
is gonna say oh well maybe not so
dangerous after all let's get a little
adventurous so I don't think you should
assume that even if everything you
believe about Bolton is true I don't
think you should assume that the
administration would be more effective
with that because his his utility is
very obvious you know first of all he
knows about the area second of all he's
very predictable which in this case is
an advantage and thirdly we know that
Trump's instincts are literally the
opposite and of all people in the world
Trump is the least likely to be
influenced by somebody else's opinion
can you think of anybody less likely to
be influenced by John Bolton's opinion
than president Trump he literally if you
were to invent a person who would ignore
John Bolton if you had to write a movie
script in which there was a character
who was the only character who was best
suited to ignore everything Bolton says
it would be chomp he would be exactly
the character you would invent to ignore
John Bolton so I'm not too worried about
the Bolton effect
I think he's positive he's a positive
variable that fits together well with
Trump they make a they make a scary but
reasonable team I could be wrong about
that and that would be terrible but I
think I think they're a good team at the
moment
bad cop went too far with Venezuela
debacle
well you don't see us moving troops into
Venezuela dia so the president's
instincts have so far been have been
ones you can trust all right that's all
I got for now yeah oh yes the Hungarian
leader meets with Trump you're reminding
me of Dave Rubin getting problems from
media matters so Media Matters is going
after dave rubin for baring to have an
upcoming interview with mike Serna Mitch
so media matters as you know is an
organization which targets conservatives
or anybody associated with that side and
targets them for public destruction and
there they've targeted Mike sort of itch
now they've they've targeted Dave Rubin
because he's gonna answer too much on
his show or already had him on and and
and then you had prompted me about the
president Trump beating with the
Hungarian prime minister who was far
right and people criticized him for all
kinds of stuff here here's my
declaration which I've said before and I
will say again my brand and I'll let
other people speak for themselves you
know Dave Rubin can speak for himself
obviously the president can speak for
himself
obviously everybody can speak for
themselves but I'll just tell you my
view don't freaking tell me who I can
talk to huh don't tell me who I couldn't
beat with don't tell me who I can
interview I reject the stupidity of that
system completely don't tell me that I
adopt every bad decision everybody ever
made because I had coffee with them
don't tell me that I can't talk to a
human being in the United States or
anywhere in the world for any frickin
reason I won't don't tell me I can't
talk to a serial killer
don't tell me I can't talk to anybody of
any ethnic group don't tell me I can't
talk to black lives matter don't tell me
I can't talk to aunty file don't tell me
I can't talk to the worst person in the
world don't tell me I can't talk to
somebody who committed a crime ten years
ago don't tell me I can't talk to
somebody who said something that offends
you even if it offends me don't even
freaking try to limit my right to free
association secondly if you think that
there are good people meeting with bad
people let's say Media Matters believes
that dave rubin in their view is
slightly more virtuous than mike cirrage
why would you limit their contact
because by your own point of view mike
sir image would become a better person
if he if he spent time with dave rubin
it this is this would be a Media Matters
opinion not my personality right
every time somebody that you think has
bad opinions or is a bad character it
has a significant contact with somebody
that you like slightly better I think
you should be happy about that let me
ask you this do you think that the the
leader of Hungary is influencing
president Trump no not do you think it's
more likely that the leader of Hungary
will start to adopt any of president
Trump's mannerisms or ways probably
because Trump is a person who influences
other people he's not really the person
who gets influenced you know you'd be
the other side argues differently but
that's my opinion so I would say you
should encourage interaction between
people that you that you dislike because
of their opinions and people you do like
that can only be good if there are
opinions that you find objective
objective objectionable how about
putting them in the light if the
sunlight doesn't kill the ideas well
maybe you should rethink
you're feeling about those ideas and
most importantly I don't want to live in
a world where where were crucifying each
other for what somebody did or did not
say on social media if you look at the
attacks against Mike Serta and you
look at the headlines you know like the
the teaser or the bullet point you'll
say to yourself my god he did that or he
said that that sounds terrible and then
you look at the actual context and you
go well that's not exactly what the
headline said this is this is a more
nuanced situation this does not look at
all the way it was represented in the in
the summary or the headline so I don't
think we want to live in a world where
we're picking through this cat of our
enemies and looking for that you know
that little morsel that we can attack
them with for something they said or did
on social media years ago it just isn't
the world I want to live in so to give
you matters I would say you are a vile
and despicable force doing some of the
worst things that anybody could do in
our free society which is discouraging
freedom of association it's one of the
worst things that you could do in this
country I would say it's equivalent to
racism in terms of badness I'd say it's
equivalent to stealing if I'm just gonna
rate it in terms of how corrosive it is
and negative is I'd say it's as bad as
the sex crime I would say it's in that
level of despicable 'ti trying to tell
people who they can associate with
crucifying people for things that they
don't even believe themselves anymore
things that people did which they
themselves would consider a mistake is
that what you do you want to do you want
to blame somebody forever for an opinion
they used to hold but no longer hold
seriously Media Matters that's the world
you want to live in I don't want to live
in that world stop making my world worse
for whatever reason you think
you want to do that so anyway that's my
that's my take on it if anybody comes
after you for your associations you
should aggressively fight back about the
concept it's the concept and you should
make it very clear that your association
with whoever somebody doesn't like
should make that person the better
person because you're a better person if
you believe that's true I believe that's
true if you put me in a room with
anybody that you disagree with what is
the likely outcome when we leave the
room is the likely outcome that I will
have turned toward the dark side or is
the likely outcomes that I will have had
some positive influence on the person
you didn't like who was sitting in the
room with me I think you know the answer
I don't make people worse that's sorted
not what I do I don't spend time with
people and then they leave the room as
worse people that doesn't happen nor did
they influence me to be worse I don't
believe that's ever happened so if you
if you like a world in which free
association is still a thing people can
improve people can change the minds
people can grow people can get over
their mistakes if you want that world
then you don't want to Media Matters
world but if you want to live in a
corrupt despicable disgusting little
sewer of a civilization then Media
Matters shows you the way to get there
alright that's all for now and I will
talk to you later