oh yeah it's time for the evening
edition of coffee with Scott Adams
featuring no coffee it was
now normally at this time you would see
me swaddled in my soft blanket but the
time for swaddling is transitioning to a
different time yes yes there was a time
working on our fear and figuring out how
to get through this and understanding it
all was the thing to do but I declare
that these swaddling time is over we are
now in a post a swaddle world you don't
need your blanket anymore you don't need
to worry about your nerves you don't
need to worry about your stress we're
we're gonna go on offense now it's time
now I don't mean necessarily tomorrow
it's time to reorient our mindset this
will become more clear to you as I go
through my fascinating presentation of
today's events all right so first of all
I broke my own does social isolation
today again you one trust the government
as long as the government is doing what
seems credible to you I'm pretty
forgiving about mistakes if they fix
them but I'm not entirely pleased with
what the government is doing in terms of
guidelines and so I've decided to loosen
up my own guidelines so I'm not doing
anything crazy but let's just say it
really felt good to loosen my social
isolation that's all I'm going to tell
you about that so my day is going well
anyway let's talk about the president's
guidelines you probably all saw the news
the president came out with these three
three phases and the approach that the
president is taking is kind of brilliant
kind of brilliant there's a there's a
bad side here so I'll start with the
good news so the good news is and I've
said this before
I believe that the federal government
and specifically the president should
always come down on the side of
preserving the most life even if it's
irrational because I think the the
number one person in the country should
never be in a position to decide who
lives and dies in the country now if
it's war of course he's going to decide
who lives and dies in other countries
but you know what the top person in the
country to make those decisions about
who lives and dies instead you want that
to be pushed down so for example I like
the fact that the states get to make
most of the decisions about abortion
they get to make decisions about the
death penalty so the states get to make
a lot of decisions that really do
determine who lives and who dies and
that's the better place for so if you
looked at the President and foul and dr.
Burks there the recommendation today it
didn't really look like a practical
recommendation I don't know if you had
that feeling it looked like I don't want
to say political because if you do
something that that you should do I'm
not sure that you should call that
political but you know what I mean so
what they did is it looked to me that
the plan is the most compatible with the
let's say the medically the medical
dominant opinion meaning that when I
looked at those guidelines it seemed to
me that if there were economists in the
room and doctors in the room when that
when they came up with that it feels
like the doctors had more more say did
it feel like that to you did it feel
like the federal government's rules were
really biased toward keeping the most
people alive because it really puts a
pretty high hurdle on a lot of these
states to to open up so the federal
government putting a high hurdle on the
states but not requiring it
interestingly this is where the magic is
so the federal government says
this is what we prefer but it's a little
impractical and of course every state
needs to adjust for their situation and
here's why I don't think anybody knows
no expert no modeler no doctor no fire
ologist I don't believe anybody knows
the right time to start up
I believe there's sort of an expert
hunch best guess now of course it's
informed by as much data as they can
collect but do you think that they can
collect enough data that that alone
would tell them when is the exact right
time to do anything not really not
really there's no such thing as that
kind of data or that kind of model I
think that the medical professionals who
of course probably would prefer airing
you know by training by personality
would prefer erring on the side of
protecting the most life even if it's a
little expensive and maybe even if the
lives that are lost later because of the
economic issues well maybe they don't
have names and it's not so obvious why
they died so you would expect that
whatever came for the federal government
if they do it right would would feel a
little impractical because it's weighing
it's biased a little too much toward
saving life because that's exactly where
the federal government should be so the
magic is that the states who really are
the more appropriate designers of life
and death in their state that's the most
credible place to do it now now the
federal government has given them that
space so that part brilliant I don't I
don't think you I don't think that you
could improve on that specifically the
idea of pushing that responsibility down
that's just perfect
yeah no I don't have the coronavirus I
just have swallowed some spent so but so
the real way to judge this is by
whatever the states do so if the states
go ahead and do dumb things it doesn't
matter what the federal government said
you know assuming they don't stop them
from doing their dumb things and there's
nothing that the federal government is
doing that would stop the states from
doing smart things so the states do have
the right kind of flexibility but here's
the problem
I hope the states don't take the same
model as the federal government because
it seems like the federal government has
sort of a geographic bent you know sort
of like okay you're a state figure out
what your state is going to do we don't
know yet if the state will make finer
decisions within the state presumably
they'll they'll make a difference
between let's say LA and the rural area
but will they make decisions about
individuals that's the part that's
missing right because the federal
government just says if you can get your
what is it something about the
stabilizing for two weeks or dropping
your severity for two weeks then you can
go to the next level but until you've
got two weeks of dropping it you can't
do it and here's the problem with that
are you telling me that a 25 year old
going back to work is gonna blow your
whole deal because the 25 year old might
get sick but probably they're not gonna
die and so wouldn't it be smarter to you
know once you've got your geographic
decisions you know that the states make
their own decisions wouldn't it be
started as smarter to also have a
individual filter that comes after that
in which you decide okay even though
we're not quite as phase one you can
certainly go to work so make decisions
based on individuals here's a an
approach that comes from at all
so if I can find it so he points out
I'll try to summarize it
you could pick an age and say people his
example is people below the age of 45 so
you could pick that age to make the
death rate that we anticipate equal to
the regular flu so for example if you
said only people under 45 and I think he
means people without any complicating
health conditions otherwise if they go
back to work there will be extra deaths
but it will be almost exactly the same
as a regular flu so so if that's what
society can tolerate the regular flu
then maybe send back young enough people
so that that's the result you get so I
like that idea
according to involves
back-of-the-envelope calculations you
would get a lot more illnesses but if
you're sending young people and you
wouldn't get that many more deaths and
that's that's gonna be the far more
impactful thing so I would say that the
federal government did a real good job
of determining the field but everything
will depend on the states if the states
take a similar similar approach where
they just say okay you know if you're in
a high-risk category you stay home if
you're not and they don't they don't
sort it any better than that that might
be a problem so we'll see what the
states come up with I'll withhold my
judgment so I don't know what to believe
on this so today there are all these
stories about Reb des aver that gilead
mix is anecdotally showing great results
in these studies that don't have a
control so the studies have been written
up and they don't have a control which
means that they're not reliable in the
way that we want
things to be reliable but there's all
kinds of press that they this thousand
dollars a treatment drug that you can
only take in the hospital and it's you
know by IV and a thousand dollars that
this is the thing and it's saved all
these people etc do you believe any of
that do you believe any of that and
somebody funny on Twitter said oh so it
looks like it looks like
hydroxychloroquine is for Republicans
and REM des Avira's for Democrats and it
kind of looks like that it kind of looks
like half of the country once REM does
appear to be the thing and half the
country wants hydroxychloroquine to be
the thing because there's a political
implication you know that nobody wants
at least the Democrats don't want Trump
to be right so they don't all
hydroxychloroquine to be the one and I
don't know so here's here's my personal
opinion is that it doesn't work so I'm
leaving kind of heavily toward neither
REM desert here nor hydroxychloroquine
work and I use the same the same
thinking in both cases we would not be
at this point without knowing if it
worked really dramatically you know if
it really made a difference we didn't
know it by now and I don't think we do
so if it worked as well as we you would
want it to work to be a game-changing
drug I think you'd see it even without
the tests even without the trials and
you'd have people saying and so I'm
60/40 that neither than work 60% that
neither than work but there are parent
doesn't of things being tested so yeah
maybe maybe one of those works I got a
bunch of trolls coming in and we're
getting really angry and hurling the
f-bombs ABI and telling me that they
want to urinate on my grave just a sort
of normal day on Twitter
and just for fun I started clicking on
their profiles to see what jobs they
have and it is so freaky how often they
are artists the artists of the ones who
can't understand that whatever decision
we make about going back to work
somebody dies they act as though if you
if you pick a direction which is what
they were complaining about I was saying
that people are ready to go back to work
because people not me specifically but
that people seem to be willing to take a
few hundred thousand deaths to get back
to work and how does anybody not
understand that no matter what you do
whether you kill people by crushing the
economy or you kill people by the flu we
only have a choice of killing people and
they came in and acted like I was the
devil because I suggested one of the two
paths both of which kill people and we
don't even know which one kills more if
we did it would be obvious right if we
all do which was the one that kills the
fewest people what debate would there be
so seeing and and most of the artists
were writers authors blonde a lot of
sci-fi writers it's so consistent that
it's really worth noting because it
tells you what a good experience will
get you and if you don't have it well
alright so andrew Cuomo has tapped
consultants McKinsey to develop what
they're calling a trip proof economic
reopening plan now most of this week
people have been telling me that I'm
talking about things that are that are
not by the area of expertise and indeed
that's true
not my area of expertise the amount I
know about biology would fill a very
small nothing but when it comes to the
question should New York City hire
McKinsey consultants to help them come
up with a plan well now you're in my now
you're in my wheelhouse
you're in my wheelhouse now and let me
tell you my experience with McKinsey
consultants might have been bathed it
was one of them
so they're the the big management
consultants are very similar so I at the
moment I think it was McKinsey but we
also worked with Bain so it was one of
them but they had this that they have a
similarity so you could replace either
name and the story would still work so I
was working at Pacific Bell and we had
some big strategic decision to make and
our management decided to hire one of
these big consulting companies now the
way that works is the consulting company
sends in a high-level partner and that
high-level partner sits with our
management and have the management
thinks to themselves at the end of the
meeting Wow this consultant person is
really really smart and do you know why
they think that it's true
that meant those consultant people are
just like super smart so they're
recruited in the top schools and you
know they're gonna work around the clock
and they're almost like superhuman
so the so it is true that the people who
commanded these consultant companies
they're not like you and I honestly they
are really really smart so that part's
just true but here's here's the fun part
so Pacific Bell says yes we will hire
you damn I've never even seen anybody as
smart as you just just the ideas that
you threw out in the room here are so
good it's like wow you are worth a few
million dollars so we hire them and then
the smartest person the consultant
partner says and I'll send my team in to
work with you you know there's four of
them and they'll be coming in though and
they'll actually work in your office so
they'll have you know desks with your
office and you know phones just like
employees they'll just be embedded
they'll just work and and then then I
say oh wait a minute
wait a minute what's happening here
didn't we just hire you
because you the person who's the the
principal in the company is so darn
smart well yes that's true and did you
just tell me you're not gonna be here
instead you're gonna send some people
who just got out of college to tell us
how to run our business we've been
running for 30 years is that why you
just proposed yeah yeah but they're
really smart okay okay
they're really smart but let me just
clarify this they don't know anything
about our business right they have never
been in telecommunications is that you
don't worry we have a process so they'll
just follow the process
it's our patented process and they can
solve pretty much any situation so they
don't really need to be experts because
you'll tell them how to fill in their
process to which I say yeah you know but
I think we could figure out a process we
can look at the costs and the benefits
we know how to do spreadsheets we know
to predict things it turns out we have
all of those same skills why are we
hiring somebody for millions of dollars
who's sending somebody who is not even
the guy we wanted to hire who are going
to learn the business from us and then
tell us what to do and by the way do you
know how do you know what recommendation
comes out of it do you let me tell you
the recommendation that comes out of the
these young experts is whatever the
staff wants it to be because the staff
is training them and teaching them what
they need to know to fill their models
so the staff has an opinion so we just
make sure that all the data that the
consultants get just happens to conform
to our opinion do you think the do you
think the consultants would know if
there was something you didn't tell them
probably not they're not experts of the
business so if you only tell them half
of what they need to know to bias them
toward whatever it is you think should
have been done anyway they're not going
to know the difference they only know
what you tell them
so they make complicated spreadsheets
and charts and you know gigantic reports
and and especially especially graphs and
they present them and then you learn the
whole real reason why any of this is
done because at the end all this
happened is the consultants have
recommended exactly what the staff would
have recommended if you just ask them
and you find out that your boss is just
covering his butt because if he took his
own staffs recommendation and it was bad
that would be his fault but if he spends
millions of dollars on a top management
firm who puts together this killer
presentation and then takes the
presentation to your boss you don't even
have to do it you don't even have to
sell your own boss you don't have to
convince your own boss because that's
what the consultant does you just say
hey boss you know you got it got a few
minutes my consultant it's gonna give
you this really complicated presentation
you're not going to understand most of
it really you're not going to stay in
any of it but you'll understand the
summary and you'll think that we're
really smart and we must have gotten
something for our money and it's good
way to cover your butt because even if
it goes wrong you can say smart
consultants anyway
Cuomo hiring these consultants is should
be seen as primarily a covering your but
to move the consultants will come up
with whatever the people paying the
bills want them to come up with here's
what the consultants are not going to
come up with the opposite of what the
people who pay the bills want them to
come up with you can bank on that so
they're not adding value except to
convince people that it wasn't Andrew
Cuomo who made the decision by simply
pulling you that of his ass but he's
gonna pull it out of his I asked
collectively I mean you won't make the
decision in a vacuum but the the people
closest to it the politicians you're
gonna have to make a decision without
data because we don't have all the data
we need to really be certain so he'll do
what he can and his consultants will
cover for him
now if you've noticed our leaders have
created a perfect situation President
Trump has experts which you can see he's
closely following their advice so if
it's wrong who do you blame
well you sort of blame the experts right
so president Trump has a scapegoat now
the experts also have come up with this
framework but they say but the real work
has to be done at the states so the
experts also have set up a scapegoat
which is the governor's because the
president could say I listen to the
experts the experts can say the
government the governors did implement
it correctly so everybody's got a
scapegoat and then the governors if
they're smart we'll find other
scapegoats
as in andrew Cuomo which is the
consultants so the president will blame
the experts the experts will blame the
governor's the governors now have
consultants they can blame the
consultants and who all the consultants
blame China don't blame China anacott
because China gave us bad data and our
you know our models could have been
better or whatever now at this point
maybe they don't use any Chinese data
but the the consultants are gonna have
to find somebody to blame they're at the
bottom of the thing there they'll
probably blame bad implementation I'm
starting to think that Marco Rubio would
be the perfect choice for what I'll call
the Secretary of decoupling from China
so Rubio is doing some interviews and
here's what I like about it but I like
that he's the same party as Trump which
means you know he could he could be
nominated for something reasonably and
he's he's appropriately tough on China
and seems to have a good grasp of the
whole thing so don't we need somebody at
that level to get things going because
we might end up doing what Japan is
doing which is paying companies to move
stuff back but we China we've got you
know bigger problems you've got all that
yeah everything from the we Gers to the
tell telecommunications there's still
stuff the IP it's a big big complicated
thing and you could argue and be one of
if not the biggest economic variable of
our future so just just put that in the
back your mind maybe Marco Rubio needs
our promotion to one it would be one of
the biggest jobs of all time I was think
all right let's talk some more about
because I know you want to a follow up
on Bill Gates so as you know I'm having
a this ongoing debate on the internet
about whether Bill Gates has done a
whole variety of horrible things which
is accused of by conspiracy theorists or
it's all just made up now of course on
the side of it's all obviously just made
up I mean you just look at if you go
that didn't happen and so of course I've
gone through the list of all the all the
reasons that Bill Gates is not the devil
I'll just give you one example so you
can see how it goes people said hey Bill
Gates supports the World Health
Organization and there you know evil as
we know to which I say so does the
United States so and and does the United
States what exactly what Bill Gates
wants from the World Health Organization
yeah of course both of them want
different leadership but we both know
that if it had good leadership it would
probably be a really good thing so is
there really any difference between
Trump and and Bill Gates when it comes
to the World Health Organization nope
there's no difference Trump is holding
the funding as leverage and to negotiate
Bill Gates is just as a different job
but somebody has to hold them to be
accountable you don't think that Bill
Gates wants the World Health
Organization to not be accountable right
so it's just bad thinking and a weird
conspiracy theory to think that Bill
Gates is a bad guy because he supports a
functional World Health Organization
it should be understood that he wants
competent management as do we all
so that so you can see from that example
that's just one where you can sort of
take all these weird accusations and go
yeah but you're just thinking about it
wrong and it kind of came down to this
he spent a lot of time with Jeffrey
Epstein so it turns out you know maybe
after all these complaints of his
horrible things he's done allegedly it
might come down to well but we got a
picture of him standing next to Jeffrey
Epstein and how do you explain that and
I don't explain what you know whatever
Bill Gates is thinking or why he did
what he did nobody could do that but
I'll give you some context I reject
anybody who says you can't hang out with
and talk to anybody you want anytime you
want for any reason you want and that's
the way I lived my life
if you were to judge me by the people
that I've spent significant time with
well you would you would want the death
penalty for me moreover if I could judge
other people by the same standard I
would want the death penalty for half of
the people I know because we've all
spent people we've all spent significant
time with some bad people and sometimes
we do it and sometimes we didn't I don't
think there's an exception yeah it was
there any of you who haven't spent time
with somebody who's done some really bad
stuff and you knew it or you suspected
it maybe didn't approve but you kind of
kind of thought about it let's let's try
to be a little bit adult people spend
time with all kinds of people and the
thing that bugs me about that is that
when you see the Gates was hanging
around with Epstein the thing that
everybody says is well doesn't that mean
there's something about Epstein either
his lifestyle or whatever was sort of
bleeding off onto gates like does the
badness of Epstein sort of just staying
gates to which I say why does that have
to work that way where's what
the thinking behind the assumption the
influence works one way why wouldn't it
be true that Bill Gates was making
Epstein a better person because if Bill
Gates was hanging around with Epstein to
get money from Epstein for charity and
apparently that is what they were
talking about right they were talking to
get money for charity so if Bill Gates
was hanging around was somebody who is
super sketchy like his sketchy as you
could possibly be but he thought that
maybe he could get a charity going and
it would help the world do you care now
it's up to the the legal system to take
care of you know your your Jeffrey
Epstein's and it's not really Bill Gates
job if somebody if somebody's you know
serve their time even if you don't think
it was the right sentence it's not
really our job to make them serve time
again right if the legal system lets
somebody out I'm just not going to be
the one to say now I can't talk to you
because you should have served the
longer term I know so here's my I'll
give you my personal rule of course
these are all personal decisions I've
said this many times but I will declare
it as many times as I need to I declare
my complete and total right to associate
with lost your respect don't worry I'll
block you I I maintain the complete
right to associate with anybody good or
bad under the theory that associated
with me would make them better people
because do you think that if I hang
around with a bad person that that
person is going to make me bad or do you
think they hang around with me maybe
they'd pick up some pick up some things
that would make them better do you
really want no good people to ever to
associate with bad people according to
you whoever is good and bad so you can
do whatever you want
and yeah I certainly I know I understand
the point it's not like I don't
understand the point of doing something
that you know boosts or supports bad
people but keep in mind when it was
brought up to Bill Gates that working
with this person for I'm sure what Gates
thought was some productive reason in
the charity world because that's what's
reported right it's reported that the
reason they were talking is about
Epstein raising funds from other people
apparently yet good ways to do that
etc and I think Bill Gates just said
your personal life is your personal life
I'm not here about that
and I'm always going to be okay with
that
now you don't have to like Bill Gates
that's fine but I would at least like
you to think about it clearly you know
if you think about it clearly and still
decide you don't like it well that's
fine yeah you're certainly welcome to
the opinion but I think I can help you
at least clear up what's ridiculous
conspiracy theory and what is a
reasonable thing so somebody whose
comments comments says the Bill Gates
apologized but he's generally socially
stupid let me let me take offense at
that I don't really take offensive
things so I'm taking offense on behalf
of someone else have you seen Lee def
licks special about Bill Gates one of
the things that I would say is fairly
obvious and I don't know if he would
deny this and I'm not a medical doctor
but so I'll just give you my opinion it
does appear that he's somewhere on the
spectrum you know in the in the
Asperger's kind of a way and the the
tells for that would be ability to
deeply focus and you know really be able
to like dive down on a topic in the way
where ordinary people can't and that's
exactly who Bill Gates is he carries
this big you know bag of books around on
topics from you know you know biology
and you know physics and stuff things
that you and I wouldn't want to spend
too much time reading but he can and he
get that he can just go off in
the woods with his bag of books and do
these deep dives but do you think that
his social let's say awareness is the
same as everybody else's I don't think
so
I feel like maybe that's just not the
area where his you know his brain is
optimized so could it be that he
literally just had a blind spot for how
it would look to other people and I
think maybe maybe you might have just
had a blind spot anyway we haven't heard
his side of the story so we don't know
wish you'd speak about your views Oh
Courant don't know what you mean I mean
I know what the sentence says but I
don't know what you use you're talking
about so somebody is sarcastically
saying I have nothing like my friends I
don't know if it's sarcastic to know am
I on the spectrum well many people have
suggested that I am apparently I have
enough tells that it's at least a
hypothesis I my personal opinion is
probably not but I wouldn't doubt it if
some expert told me I was what about
Texas oil production limits I don't know
about that story actually and no more
food coming tonight for me if the virus
from the lab was obvious yeah at some
point it became obvious they mind-read
me
sometimes they do did you break
isolation say only only with Christina
yeah I'm not gonna do anything crazy but
I've decided to take more control of my
personal situation in my personal risk
MSNBC was biting to activate a shadow
government to counter Trump did you see
the latest clip of Joe Biden not being
able to get out of sentence and he was
sitting there with his wife Jill on
camera and I asked myself why is his
wife on camera with him because she
wasn't talking it was like she was just
saying there to be supportive or
something and made me feel like Maura
she was more tempting him be it do you
know what I'm talking about it felt like
maybe his wife was there just to take
him off camera or nudge him or something
yeah if it needed to be done I don't
know
Turkey uses high jakszyk low clean and
has the death rate has what death rate
is it good or bad have you heard of a
memory hole I've heard of it
Pelosi admitted to strategy of smear to
get press to report to use press as
proof well okay I don't know what that's
about
and he thoughts on Roger stone not
getting a second trial well doesn't that
open up the possibility of a pardon
or whatever you call it
yeah pardon so they would not surprise
me to see that Roger stone might get
pardoned if there are if there's no more
legal process to run out I'd kind of
expect it what happened I'd be surprised
if they didn't do you agree with Bill
Gates that we need to depopulate really
do you think that Bill Gates said we
want to reduce the population of Earth
now I don't have to go Google that to
know that didn't happen
Bill Gates with no research I'll do no
research whatsoever and I'll state with
complete confidence that only a jerk
like me could have in this situation
Bill Gates never said anything about
depopulating the earth
let me say that with complete confidence
with it with no research whatsoever now
this is an example of when I talk about
what I say there are some things that
you don't have the research you don't
have to research whether that was a true
thing you just can look at it the same
way you look at Santa Claus and the
Easter Bunny some things are just
obviously not true and it's obviously
not true that Bill Gates is promoting
depopulating the world do you really
believe that all right
odds on hydroxychloroquine I said that
earlier I think both the room does
severe in the hydroxychloroquine I give
them well actually I think I I
accidentally misspoke earlier in this
periscope so let me say it this way I
think there's a 60% chance that neither
of them work does that work the same if
it's a 60% chance for each of them I
think it's the same right I think
there's a 40% chance if you looked at
them individually that they they'd work
in some big way somebody says he did
look it up no he did not say that you
did not say that I'm not going to look
it up you're not going to trick me into
looking up Santa Claus I'm sorry
comments on Jedi contract snafu with
Amazon I don't know what that's about
gate supports around up GMO masamune
injections and I yeah I you'd have to
make a point before I could comment on
it
do you blame cable TV news for the
seething division in America today I
don't know if it's it's a combination of
social media and
News but certainly it's the media
landscape which is causing the division
for sure is your sense of zeitgeist
confirmation biases it could be that's
how confirmation bias works if anybody
tells you that their opinion is not
confirmation bias it just means they
don't understand what confirmation bias
is if it if you are the one who hasn't
you're the only one who can't tell if
it's confirmation bias otherwise it
wouldn't be confirmation box if you
could tell the difference it wouldn't be
a thing
DoD ordered a bunch of REM des Vere yeah
it makes sense that people would maybe
stock up on it just in case
yeah it's like when bill polti tried to
give away his own money and all the
haters came out oh what's that all about
so a rich guy literally just tries to
give his money way to lots of different
people with no strings attached and and
he's treated as the devil there's no
good deed that goes unpunished God's
debris part - there is a part - there is
a sequel to God's debris it's called the
religion war are you and Morning Joe
buddies no you know I I did one
appearance on Morning Joe it happened to
be the one morning he didn't come to
work I saw me the hallway from a
distance but for whatever reason he
wasn't on camera that day he had
something going on but mica was there
somebody says it's a 36% chance that
neither will work if each has a 60% okay
good thank you for that clarification oh
I'm going to make you a very bugged
a non-standard prediction are you ready
you like my contrarian predictions
because if I make a contrarian
prediction to this raw guy real I look
really stupid but if I get it right I
look like smartest guy ever so okay
here's the most contrarian prediction
that you're gonna have I predict that
the number of suicides will be lower
than normal
now all the experts are saying higher
right and apparently there are lots more
calls to suicide lines and the real
reasons the the argument that doubly
more of them is pretty compelling and
then there's also the the correlation
with unemployment if the unemployment
goes up it's like an extra 5,000
suicides for every point or something
like that so the argument the suicides
will go up is solid gold when do you
agree I mean all of your common sense
says it's gonna go out if there's
anything that would make suicides go up
it would be this right so that's why my
prediction is contrarian and it goes
like this this crisis gave everybody
meaning meaning that you know if you
weren't happy with your life sometimes
it's because you don't have like a
purpose so there are a lot of people who
just realized oh if I do this now my
grandmother has two problems instead of
one you know if I do this now I don't
know if my family can eat you know
otherwise maybe wouldn't have been so
big and the other thing the other thing
is that people are going to be with
people in small spaces I think you need
a certain amount of privacy to do
suicide and maybe people are just going
to be a little too on each other stuff
for a while so there's something about
this psychology of this that first of
all the the thing about unemployment
causing more suicide we've never had a
situation where the unemployment was
presumed to be not your fault so that's
the first thing do you kill yourself if
something happens to you that appears to
be temporary
not your fault because of that you don't
really blame yourself you don't think
I'll I'm a loser because it happened
that same thing happened everybody so
there's there's something about the the
largeness of the situation that I think
will make people more connected to the
world yeah I was telling you the other
day that I feel connected to everybody
in a way that I don't normally if I'm
just going about my business because
every everything that we're gonna do to
get out of this affects all of us and
I'm at about the same time in very
similar ways so if you feel connected to
the world are you as likely to kill
yourself probably not i I think that
people's the situation will change and
they will go into a revaluation mode
which is they're gonna say they're going
to say yeah everything was terrible but
there's a lot of stuff happening that
makes me wonder if something might be
different you know maybe maybe I'm not
looking at you know this straight line
of just more of this thing that made me
want to kill myself
maybe instead I'm looking at the whole
you know the boxes been shaken I don't
know maybe I just want to see where it
goes just want to see where it goes
curiosity I've often said is the most
underrated motivation here's a little
trick for you you want you want to have
a trick for a really bad day instead of
saying oh it's a bad day coming up I
hope it's a good day but it's probably
going to be a bad day and stress and
stress and stress and you're worried
that some bad news will come and it
might go this way and it might go that
you know just the normal thing the
global thing that all of us feel all the
time instead move your brain into
curiosity mode and say this it's like a
movie or it's like a simulation and
you're in a video game and just ask
yourself Kevin all this happening right
now what is going to happen and just and
activate your curiosity and say to
yourself you know I kind of really need
to know what's going to happen
if I were watching this as a movie I'd
want to know how does it end and so I
find that I can actually do a brain hack
you should try this at home it's
actually it works pretty well you can do
a brain act where you change your frame
of reference from oh no oh no it's all
bad news and 100-miles the bad news
coming - I won't know what's going to
happen yeah wonder I wonder how this is
going to turn out and it just it just
occupies a different part of your brain
and usually uses a little different
process and you know a different
chemistry and sometimes it's just enough
of a switch they can get you off
whatever it was whatever was bugging you
the other way so try that it's a good
little trick the suicides often occur
when things are objectively improving
but not fast enough somebody sounds like
they've researched this so so that's my
prediction my prediction is fewer
suicides than a normal year during this
time complete opposite of what all the
experts would say is true that's it for
me and I'm gonna go do something else
and I will talk to you in the morning