jingle bells jingle
bells good morning everybody it's a
special weekend holiday edition of
coffee with Scott Adams I'm Scott Adams
dressed now as Santa Claus you can't
tell can you look for those of you who
couldn't tell who I am it's me is
Scott now watch this can't
tell look it's me Scott and now can't
tell join me will you grab your mug your
cup Your Vessel your Stein your tanker
fill it with your favorite liquid raise
it to your lips and enjoy the
simultaneous sip with your fellow
humans oh
yeah that's good
sipping so how many of you have seen the
picture that the
president tweeted out of a potential
wall
design looks like this which you can not
really
see um there's a little car and then way
above it is the slat steel slat
structure with little pointy ends at the
top seems like it wouldn't be as good
with pointy ends at the top because you
could just toss a rope up there
so I I remember the president talking
about it having rounded rounded edges
but I suppose if it steel slats it's
pretty easy to
climb so uh in a weird way we would get
Only the strongest
Mexicans maybe we would use this new
steel sled
barrier as a way to make sure that the
workers we get are the most physically
fit because I'm pretty
sure 30% of Mexicans could climb over
that um climb over that structure so it
still needs you probably saw the
Prototype design that was steel slats up
to a certain level and then from maybe
the top 20% was some kind of a smooth
structure that was rounded so if you
tried to throw a you know some kind of a
grabby thing with a rope over the top
you couldn't grab anything cuz it was
rounded
I like
that so you will note that the president
is now calling it border security he's
talking about steel slat barriers he has
uh intentionally and he said it
explicitly he's uh going to use the word
wall a little bit
less and what he needs is strong border
security do you see the Trap that he has
put uh Chuck Schumer
in Chuck Schumer
just got it just got stuck in one of the
best political traps you'll ever see and
it goes like
this play the clip of Chuck Schumer
saying president Trump you're not going
to get quote your wall
unquote that's right Chuck Schumer with
a smile on his face a smile on his face
which also is part of the story
he smiles at the camera and says
president Trump you're not going to get
your
wall meanwhile the president has quite
reasonably said doesn't have to be
something you would call a wall what I
want is money for border security is
there anybody who doesn't want better
border security Republicans raise your
hand yes we'd like better border
security Democrats raise your hand yes
we'd all like better border security all
almost all of
us now Chuck Schumer has been completely
revealed by the president's latest pivot
away from using the word
wall toward making it more generically
border security but obviously would have
permanent structures as a big part of
it is sort of loose Chuck Schumer
completely
exposed because he said as clearly as a
politician can say this isn't about the
issue Chuck Schumer has made it as clear
as possible with his own words and
recently that it's about Trump trump
just made it about border
security if Trump has stayed with build
the wall and he was still just chanting
build the wall Chuck Schumer would have
a strong case because that would be a
case of President Trump wanting a wall
for what would look like ego reasons and
that would make sense for Chuck Schumer
to say I'm not going to give you your
wall for ego reasons you can't have an
ego
wall that would be a reasonable thing to
say but now the president doesn't say
wall now he says border security do you
know who else likes border
security everybody including Anne
Coulter although she'd like a
allall so the president has moved off of
his um let's say his politically
untenable position which is it has to be
called the wall and it's a wall all the
way and it's wall wall wall so now he's
moved off of that he's he said it
directly right so I'm not I'm not
reading his mind I'm not guessing he
said it directly and and now it's border
security and he's sort of turning it
over to the engineers isn't he he wants
it to be beautiful and that's part of
the decision and he needs it to be a
little bit transparent so you can see
through through but he's kind of saying
let the engineers build this thing right
meanwhile what is what is Chuck
Schumer's position Chuck Schumer's
position is you can't have your wall
president Trump he's created a situation
where he's not even trying to make it
about the country Chuck Schumer's
position is I'm opposed to the president
because I don't want the president to
have a win the president has moved from
that position all the way to let's get
good border security with some permanent
structures let the engineers figure out
what it is just make sure that you can
see through it and it
works that is such a reasonable position
that even the Democrats are going to
wonder why the government is closed over
it if the government did not have a
shutdown then maybe nobody would notice
nobody would care it wouldn't put as
much attention on sh
but now that the entire argument has
left the house cuz the house actually
voted for more wall than the president
asked for that's right they voted for
5.7 billion when he was asking for only
five so now it's not about the entire
you know exe um the entire branch of
government it's just about the Senate
and it's not about the entire Senate
because half of them are on the
president's side it's really about Chuck
Schumer and that damning sentence you're
not going to have your
wall that makes it so clear that is
political and personal about the
president and the president has already
publicly and conspicuously left that
position that's being criticized he's
now on the same position as everyone on
the country which is we're not going to
tell you how to engineer a wall just
give us the best structure that works
give us the best solution that works
so my take on this is that the um you
know the solution is at hand you know
the solution is pretty easy you just
need a solution where both sides can
claim they got essentially what they
asked for and the president has made
that easy so the Democrats now have an
easy path to to agreeing and and going
home for Christmas so he's got the he's
got the Senate um essentially hostage
while the the families are probably
saying um
dear um all of your relatives have
already arrived um I can't keep them
company and entertain them for another
day would you please vote for the steel
slat barrier and don't call it a wall
and just come
home so I would say at this point the
president has a vice grip on Victory
meaning something would have to change
right now for the president not to win
this because he's he's sted out The High
Ground it's it's security it's not a
wall necessarily everywhere and he's got
a budget amount that's reasonable
according to the house the house already
agreed that Not only was it 5 billion
reasonable it wasn't
enough so he's got the most reasonable
position at a time when the government
well let me put it in Stark
language the the Trump's
position matches the rest of the country
right now it matches Democrats and it
matches Republicans we want more money
for border security the most universally
agreed on thing Chuck Schumer's
position matches magical thinking and
politics and nakedly so nakedly it's
just so obvious that it's about Trump
and not about border security
so uh anyway I predict Trump will be the
Victor when this all shakes out but
they're going to have to make it look
like everybody
won um most of you are aware of my um
let's say my unhappiness with Google
recently because they were allowing an
image of me photoshopped into a Nazi
uniform to be one of the top search
items well I complained quite
publicly and the # racist Google hashtag
was trending quite
nicely and the first page um got cleared
up in a few days but if you Google my
name right now
under uh just Google Scott Adams uh in
the Google tab see what comes up first
page no Nazi uniform but then hit image
cuz that was a problem if you hit the
image thing there were lots of images of
me but in the top five or so were these
Nazi
uniforms this morning they are
gone so as of this
morning I would like to thank
Google um for removing those images so I
did I did report the images through the
process so it's entirely possible that
absolutely nothing happened except that
you know Google looked at my complaint
said oh yeah that's reasonable and took
it out you may it may have just taken a
while for it to happen so we have
complete and total success I'm not going
to call it Victory because I'm I'm not
going to say that Google wanted those
images there it may have been just a
accident of the algorithm
but they are gone now and so shall we
drink to to the occasional
Victory which people can have thanks to
persuasion drink with
me as I've often said and I'll say it
again I would definitely not want me on
the other side of a on the other side of
a
fight hold on a second
had to go visit Dale
there
um yeah where is Scott so once again
persuasion wins or maybe it was just
Google's process we don't know um here's
oh let me tie up this discussion about
the fence SL wallchuck Shimmer jump here
let me give you the kill
shot are you ready for the kill shot
that will reopen the government fund
border
security and get all this behind us and
it goes like this President Trump says
something like this
Chuck stop making it personal talking
about the border security funding Chuck
stop making it
personal let's vote for border security
turn it over to the engineers and get
home for Christmas
boom that's the
end that one sentence would end the
government shutdown Chuck stop making it
personal let's fund border
security Democrats want it Republicans
want it let's go home for
Christmas boom all right and you know
that would do it uh I'm I'm not
predicting he'll say something like that
I'm just giving you a persuasion example
where if he did say that that would kind
of be the end of
it or very soon after that now let's
talk about Syria the big story of the
day the thing that surprises me the most
is that everybody's an expert on Syrian
Warfare now have you noticed that a week
ago if I said to you hey stranger what
do you know well you're not strangers
you're all my friends but hey friend
tell me everything you know about the
complicated military situation in Syria
make sure you discuss the Russians
Iranians US forces Turkish and Kurds
remember to talk about the Syrian um
Syrian rebels and Isis make sure and of
course Israel get all that in there now
explain Syria for me
go nobody would have been an expert last
week but this week the president against
the
uh against the better advice of his top
generals and pretty
much I would say 85% of the country
against everybody he said let's pull
out suddenly everybody in the country
became an expert on Syria
overnight it's it's like a Christmas
miracle a week ago we didn't know
anything about Syria today we're all
experts not only are we experts on Syria
we are experts on Military things in
Syria so we know for sure that it's a
bad idea to pull out or we know for sure
that it's a good idea to pull out but we
know boy we're we're pretty certain
about
this so here's my
position I know I'm often criticized for
um agreeing with the president too often
and I agree with him usually in the
context of his persuasion being on point
which it usually is or that his strategy
in a business kind of a context is solid
so whenever that's true I agree with him
now I'm not an expert on Syria and I'm
not an expert on Military anything so I
can't share with you the certainty which
most of you seem to have that this is
either a great idea or a bad idea I
don't know
and I'm not sure that any of you know
either and I also don't think that
looking at examples of what happened in
Iraq or examples of what happened
somewhere else I don't think those are
as informative as they could be because
if there's anything that's not like
other things it's Syria right now name
the other thing that's just like Syria
nothing there's nothing like this
absolutely
nothing so you can't predict it but let
me say a few things that I haven't heard
other people
say um I heard people complain that the
president announced this by tweet
instead of working through the system in
the normal way let me give you uh I'm
going to paint a picture for you of what
would happen if the president tried to
do this the withdrawal from Syria if he
tried to do it in the normal way here's
how this would go president would call
in his General and say I'd like to pull
out of uh
Syria you know do some research on that
tell me the pros and the cons and get
back to me General gets back and the
general says uh nope we need to stay
there and it's a bad idea to get out of
out of there now what do generals
generally say about their missions if
you're a general and it's your job to
you know win let's say and create let's
say you want to create a legacy for
yourself let's say your name is General
Mattis and one of the things that you
will be forever remembered for is
Syria if you're going to tell me what is
the main thing that General mattis's
reputation will hinge on what would it
be probably what will happen with Syria
long term cuz if what happened is that
General mtis went in there and fixed it
and then that's his legacy that's a
pretty good way to
retire but if General Mattis went in
there kicked ass on some Isis people and
then left and it went right back to
where it was bunch of people getting
slaughtered that is not good for General
mtis so under those
conditions somebody is a warrior and
they're not done with the
job if they're not done with the job and
here I'll I'll get rid of that for
if they're not done with the job and
you're a general you want to get done
with the job you also don't want your
name attached to something that could
reverse but that's not
necessarily what the decision needs to
be so just imagine trying to get the
right what the president would consider
the right decision through the
bureaucracy then let's say he says to
his generals all right I want to do it
anyway I understand the risks but I want
to do it anyway go build me a
plan 3 weeks later he says where's my
plan and the general say well we can't
figure out a way to do it because if we
pull out the Kurds will get slaughtered
and we can't do that so the President
says are you serious it's now been 3
weeks or 6 weeks and you can't even give
me a plan to do this and they say no
it's hard you know we're still thinking
can't make it
happen at that point who's running the
country that's the question you ask
yourself if the president keeps asking
for something and the people who have
slightly different interests not
entirely different interests but
slightly different interests just can't
give it to them they can't get to yes
what should he do if the bureaucracy
can't deliver the thing that the country
wants at least the people who voted for
Trump and the things that he want wanted
to deliver what is the best thing for
him to do well I'll tell
you one thing he could
do is he could tweet that he's going to
get out of there completely bypass the
military that has uh has not delivered
for him and fire the most popular
General in our
lifetime that's some serious leadership
right there now I'm not going to tell
you that this will work out well cuz I
don't think that can be
known but I got to say the balls that it
took to thwart the entire you know um
let's say military industrial complex do
you think there was anybody in the
military industrial complex the people
who profit from selling selling War do
you think there's anybody in that giant
powerful structure who wanted him to get
out of
Syria no no I don't think so CU more war
is Better Business for all of them more
promotions better
business so I think the president used
Twitter to do what the government
couldn't do for him which is simply
communicate what he wanted and make it
happen so it's possible that when we
look back at this historians look back
and it all depends how goes right if
Syria goes well or at least not as bad
as we
thought this this will look like one of
the greatest leadership moves of all
time he historians will write about this
for thousands of years the time that
absolutely everybody told him he
couldn't do it but he decided that wait
for it we are not a military
Hunter J n is that how you pronounce it
hun um that we are a civilian Le
government president Trump just asserted
the civilian leadership over the
military in a way that had to be done to
get to this point now again I'm not
saying that we should have gotten to
this point cuz I don't
know now let's talk about how it is
likely to go let's take two conditions
one condition is we stay there forever
is it likely that Syria will turn into a
great place with no problems if our 2200
people stay there I don't think so I
don't think that Syria was going to in
any important way become better maybe
another 10% better right but it was a
permanent expense a permanent
provocation and a permanent hindrance to
peace in the region to keep our troops
there for that reason anyway
um So the plan of staying there did not
have an end point and it didn't have
really much of a chance of improving
things too much Beyond where they were
yeah might get some more Isis people
were hiding out yeah it might protect
the Kurds a little bit better than
whatever is the alternativ and we'll
talk about that in the moment now here's
the thing if the president wanted to
pull out of Syria
but he wanted to do it in a way that
protected the Kurds do you think he
could have done it through the normal
process of asking his generals hey
generals give us a plan where we can
pull out and still protect the Kurds
because they were our allies what would
the generals say the generals would say
no there's no way to do that can't get
can't be done because nobody could
protect the Kurds as well as we could
and that's probably true and we've made
a commitment to them we have a you it's
a point of Honor that they fought with
us and we said we'd protect them and why
would we turn them over from our good
protection to a less good protection
whatever that looks like you know that
we would never agree to that now let's
say you're president of the United
States and you say to yourself I do like
the idea of protecting the Kurds and I
don't have a plan to do it if we're gone
here's how it's going to work I'm going
to tweet that we're leaving and watch
what
happens once you've made the decision
that you're leaving Syria suddenly all
the options that weren't practical
become
practical this is the magic of
leadership once you tell people that it
doesn't matter that you tell me you
can't do it I've already decided to do
it suddenly people get
creative and suddenly options occur that
were not before options
suddenly people get into action they
start making decisions they they get
panicked about the Kurds as they should
be right maybe a little bit of panic
about what could happen to our
apparently our allies might be exactly
the right emotion to bring to this you
should be a little panicked about what's
going to happen to your
allies so yeah I think Trump just took
the box that he had he had two years of
you know waiting for this box to get to
the right point so he could shake it and
then he just picked up the box and he
just shook the piss out of it now does
that mean that we have a plan for
figuring out how to do this right nope
but let me ask you this could we have
ever gotten to a withdrawal if he'd gone
through the normal process I don't think
so I think the normal process would have
been too cautious it would have said I
don't think we can get there let me give
you um an example from the business
world I can't tell you how many times
I've said to one of my own lawyers you
know I use lawyers for lots of different
purposes in my business for contracts
and such I can't tell you how many
times I've said to a lawyer should I do
X and the lawyer says well I'm not going
to tell you what you should or should
not do but I can tell you that's a bad
risk you know or in other words there is
risk something bad could happen but I as
the business person have to manage risk
it's not enough to say yes if I don't do
this I could have zero risk so zero risk
is better than some risk what I have to
weigh is the benefits against the costs
and so I often overrule my own lawyer CU
my lawyer's incentive is not to tell me
something that will get me screwed no
lawyer wants to give you advice to say
yeah there's only a 10% chance this
could go wrong and then it goes wrong
and then you BL the lawyer say why' you
tell me to do this so lawyers will just
say I don't know how to do this safely I
I can I can offer no way to do this at a
risk that's low enough for me to advise
you to do it something probably a little
like that happens when the president
asks his staff to make any big change
there's a whole bunch of people who are
invested in the way things are who are
going to say
oh don't quite know how to do that I
guess we can't get there from here I'm
sorry president I understand what you're
asking but we got risks you know we
can't do anything because of these
risks and then the business person says
I know there are risks every path is bad
I'm going to pick the one that I think
has the longest term potential even with
the risk and that's what he
did so um those people who are saying
that the president acted
impulsively our way off base because
he's been promising this since the
beginning and we do seem to have our
boot on Isis at the moment so this is
the time when you should start thinking
about
it
trolls uh uh so the timing is probably
the right time to think about it if not
early you know his critics would say
it's early and I would say it's on the
early side that doesn't mean too early
but it's definitely on the early side of
things
um but here's the thing we have not
fully
explored all of the ways to get out of
Syria safely in a way that protects the
the Kurds Etc there was an article I
tweeted around and I don't know how how
reliable this article was it wasn't from
a source that that I know but it was
sources said that Saudi Arabia and the
UAE had sent troops into help protect
the Kurds um in it was a November 22nd
article so you should figure it takes a
while for things to happen so probably
the Saudi and UAE forces are are settled
in now in what was what was described as
protecting the
Kurds now ask yourself could the Saudis
and UAE protect the Kurds as well as our
2200
advisers I don't know do you
know maybe maybe it seems to me that the
job is really about just getting in the
way so that the other party doesn't
cause a war with a a country they don't
want to start a war with we were in the
way and now now we can the Saudi Arabia
is in the way probably it's enough
probably don't
know so I would say that uh I would
compare this also to the year 2000 bug
do you remember the year 2000
bug it had this weird quality about it
so that was the idea that when the date
turned from 1999 to 2000 all of the old
computer programs that had not had not
foreseen they would still be in action
in the year 2000 would have a date
problem they couldn't handle the date
the date calculation and then the the
whole the whole world was supposed to
shut down because these computers would
all glitch at the same time but what
happened
instead
instead pretty much every one of those
bugs got fixed and all the experts said
it couldn't be done what was the
difference between saying it couldn't be
done and completely doing it Panic it
was it was a question of how much energy
put people put into it how much
creativity how much thinking uh how much
effort as soon as as soon as we were
focused on it because it was really
really important because the DAT was
coming took care of it we just fixed it
the Syria thing is very similar the
president has said we're getting out and
there's you know the plan is is uh
either incomplete or
non-existent
and uh and what happened was what do you
think is happening right now in the
state department and the military and
all the people who do the
planning well what the president did was
he put a panic focus on this question of
the
Kurds so now all the people who
um all the people who care about the
Kurds an entire National focus and
international focus on it you've got a
lot of people focusing on this problem
are the odds good that the Kurds will
get some kind of a good solution with
that much focus on it pretty good yeah
so again we can't say that uh everything
will turn out well but we couldn't say
that before either so I would say that
the president probably did one of the
ballsiest things you'll ever see a
leader do meaning that he he tweet
managed the government on a military
issue because going the normal route
probably could not have gotten him there
probably normal management would have
been a failure because everybody would
just tell him why he can't do it so
instead he just creates a year 2000
bug by by ordering it to be
done he creates all the focus and energy
that's required for this specific
problem to get solved so I think that he
um probably solved it with a tweet
probably all
right that is just about all I've got
for today um I am going to talk I might
do another um Periscope a little later
on another topic uh including patreon
and maybe including something about
blight Authority I want to talk about
those topics but they'll be separate and
I will talk to you later