bump-bump Papo Papo Papo Joanne always
the first one Nicholas you're pretty
quick Keith come on in here it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams and it's
time for you to find out where you put
your cup your mug your Stein your your
chalice your glass fill it with the
liquid of your choice I like coffee and
bring it to your lips it's time for the
simultaneous up join me
mmm Oh sometimes the simultaneous
sipping is better than other times
alright I got a lot to talk about here
I wanted to track back to something I
mentioned before because I have a better
response to it a better take in the
debate with Gilliam and it's bad news
that I can't remember who he is running
against but it doesn't matter from my
point
so Gilliam running for Senate what's
that what he's running for it doesn't
matter we're talking about Gilliam and
he was in his debate and he said to his
opponent whose name you'll tell me in a
minute
I'm blanking out he said one of the
greatest debate lines you'll ever hear
it's really good now if I can separate
and I know I can the technique from the
the politics his technique was amazing
when Gilliam said the following of his
opponent I'm not saying you're racist
I'm saying other races say you're a
racist
ouch that is so good it was so good
persuasion wise you can make your own
decisions about the ethics the morality
of the accuracy etc but it's a great
line and since I heard it I've been
thinking how would you respond to that
Ron de santis yes thank you Ron de
Santos was the
and Gilliam said I'm not saying you're
racist I'm saying other races say you're
racist it's a great great line and how
do you respond to that here's how so
that you're ready the next time it
happens to you you say well you know
some people when they want to gain
information they'll talk to experts some
people will talk we'll go to Google and
they'll do their own research but
apparently in my opponent mr. Gilliam
gets his knowledge from racists now if
his question bait is based on the
assumption that he believes the racists
are credible then perhaps mr. Gilliam
should explain to us why he's agreeing
with racists personally i disavow them
and I don't take their opinions as a way
to form my worldview but mr. Gilliam
apparently does based on his question
not bad huh
all right let's move on let's talk about
how this week will affect the midterms
point number one probably nothing that
happens the month before the election
changes how anybody votes probably not
people are kind of locked in a month
before the election doesn't matter what
election you're talking about but a
month before the election people are
kind of locked in so probably nothing
will change anything but we can still
see maybe if there's like a little bit
of movement
one way or the other it won't be a lot
so here are some of the things that
happened recently
number one the president hosted the
gigantic group I think there were 400
young black leaders of tomorrow I don't
know the name of the organization but
Candace Owens and Charlie Kirk brought
them into the White House and I wondered
is that the most the greatest number of
African Americans who have ever been in
the White House at the same time did did
President Trump said
world record for the most simultaneous
happy black people at the White House
maybe I don't know I'm no historian but
you have to think that helps this case
because the biggest the two biggest
problems with the president health care
is still the biggest issue but it's not
necessarily the biggest issue with this
president because people kind of
understand it's a tough issue and they
understand this kind of Congress's job
but the biggest issues with this
president are his rhetoric if he's you
know getting people to worked up and
allegations of racism so having four
hundred happy supportive young black
apparently you know cream of the crop
group who are the leaders of tomorrow at
the White House setting maybe a world
record for the most black folks ever in
the White House at the same time it's
all good all right
probably won't move the needle by itself
but here's the point as you know the
world in the United States anyway is
divided into two movies there's the
anti-trump Democrat movie and then
there's the Perot Trump conservative
type of movie and they're very separate
and what I'm looking for here and I'm
going to talk about the minute we get a
good at the white board is which movie
is showing cracks in the plot because
one of these movies is going to be more
solid than the other on election day and
so we'll talk about that so having a you
know a big event which is very visual
and gets talked about of all the young
black leaders at the White House works
against the Democrats movie but not
terribly because they can still explain
it away right the the Republican movie
is completely intact because if you're a
Republican you don't think the president
is a racist and why wouldn't he have
four hundred young black leaders of
tomorrow come visit the White House it
all completely consistent with the
Republican movie in their heads but the
Democrats have to explain why he did
this if he's such a big racist but they
can right they can still explain it away
say well it's a publicity stunt it's
just for the midterms so that was sort
of easy to explain away even though it's
far more consistent with the Republican
movie because that doesn't require any
extra explanation it's exactly what we
expected
right but the Democrats it wasn't
expected but they still could explain it
away but there are a few things that
happen this week that are gonna be a
little harder to explain away and let's
talk about that Oh before we do let's
talk about guns so how will the gun
conversation change things well normally
if you had a big gun tragedy and by the
way before we talk about any of this
stuff let me let me say that you know
our thoughts should be with the victims
and one of the most horrible things
that's ever happened on the soil of the
United States is the synagogue shooting
I'm talking about now as others have
noted it's not the number of people who
died which was horrible in itself 11 I
think 11 fatalities simply horrible but
there's also the context and the history
behind it and it's a much bigger deal
much bigger deal than just the number of
people who died which in itself is a
enormous tragedy all right
so with all due respect to the victims
and their families who our primary
interest today as the president noted
the world does have to keep going and
it's better if it does so with all due
respect to the families and to the
importance of what just happened you
know with the synagogue shooting we're
gonna press on with your permission and
if that's if it's too early for you I
understand and this would be a good time
to turn off the power
go because if it's a little too early
for you that's a that's a reasonable
opinion but let's talk about how this
will affect the a gun situation normally
if there's a big gun tragedy it works
against Republicans because people are
going to say oh well there it is it's
guns but in this case the the situation
looks like the kind that could have been
stopped with an armed guard and indeed
there are lots of places of worship who
do have armed guards now and until one
of them has a shooting it's going to
sort of look like the armed guard
approach is not crazy so you could still
disagree with it a reasonable person
could still say now we don't want guns
but it's harder now because if there had
been an armed guard and that's the
president's argument it's really hard to
make an argument that that wouldn't have
made a difference now there's still the
bigger question of guns in general but
this really got to that specific
situation and I think the it's probably
a tie so I think the gun issue will not
be any impact on the midterms because
both sides have an argument that they
they'll just retreat to and and they'll
live there comfortably so the gun
argument won't change anything we're
seeing almost phenomenal just truly
oppressive work by law enforcement not
only did they impressively find the van
idiot
that's hashtag van idiot is what I'm
calling the guy who sent out all the
fake bombs or at least the bombs that
didn't explode we don't know what his
motivation was but they did a great job
there and that makes the president look
good because he's the law-and-order
president and we needed some law and
order and then the law and order people
did their job and they were great it was
just a complete success and now we see
again with the synagogue shooting
the phrase that's been used over and
over and I think it's appropriate is
that the police officers ran toward the
gunfire two of them injured pretty
seriously
all right so again law enforcement looks
like superstars they look necessary
they're their visibility is higher and
all of this works in favor of the
president because he is branded with law
enforcement it's a key part of his brand
so on a law-enforcement level
the president's politically advantaged
by the fact that law enforcement was
needed everybody agrees everybody who is
law enforcement was needed in both these
situations and very very successful very
professional so hats off to them so
those are two things let's go to the
whiteboard and I'm going to show you my
view of the world here and that's this
will tell you what might happen with
midterms see if I can get a good picture
going here now I'll remind you that if
the comments on the screen are covering
up me or they're covering up what you
want to see if you turn your device
sideways it'll separate the picture from
the comments or you can turn the
comments off on periscope all right so
here's the idea in in the normal course
of things there are events let's say the
the two terrorists acts recently then
the president talks about them in this
case I'm calling them van idiot hashtag
van idea the reason I'm doing this is
that I don't like naming terrorists I
don't like their name to be out there so
I'm just calling the first one fan idiot
and then the second one the synagogue
shooting I'm calling for now no name and
it's because I I'm not gonna say the
name of somebody who would do something
like that in fact I would suggest that
we should at least consider that when
somebody does something like this we
should erase their entire history we
should go back and delete their birth
certificate
we should we should get rid of their
high school records we should delete
their driver's license and now we can't
really do any of that stuff but not only
do I now want to say his name
I want to delete him from history period
not really practical but you know what I
mean
yeah don't say his name on year please
yeah just do me a favor just just don't
use his name so he's no name anyway so
the president talks about that stuff and
then of course when the president talks
it goes through this filter it goes
through what I call the click filter and
it's a click filter because the news
industry isn't what it used to be where
they would try to present the news but
rather because they can measure how each
click performs or in other words let's
say that backwards
now that they can measure how many
clicks any kind of a story and they kind
of a headline and they kind of an
editorial they can measure it in minutes
you know with them I can tell within 60
seconds if I've tweeted something that's
going to be viral because it gets an
immediate response so because they can
measure things they've sort of separated
into two worlds because those are the
two worlds that get them the most clicks
the things that get people most partisan
the thing that gets the most worked up
about the other side the thing that
separates them the most gets those
clicks so when you run it through the
click filter all of the Republican
conservative types are looking at their
own press they're looking at Fox News
they're looking at the Drudge they're
looking at their own silo of information
and they're looking at their own social
media and that produces what I call the
that the Republican movie right so the
movie that's playing in their heads is
informed by the press and the social
media and likewise for the Democrats
their movie is informed by the press
they watch and the social media they
follow now so that produces the two
movies so the point is which of these
movies is challenged by recent events
the recent events being van idiot and
the known
shoot her at the synagogue which of them
is more consistent with observation
which to movies and the GOP movie is
completely consistent because here you
have a trump supporter van idiot the
Trump supporter you would think if Trump
were a strong man dictator type who
didn't care about anything but winning
only supported his side no matter what
that he would be kind of soft on the van
idiot
because the van idiot was going after
his enemies but of course he's the long
order president so he not only did he
say they would go hard at him he
immediately said death sentence so the
President of the United States has
publicly called for the death sentence
for one of his own supporters who
crossed the line think about that the
president who you consider his enemies
consider the strongman dictator type
just recommended the death sentence for
someone who acted against the
president's own critics now if you're on
the side of the critics you just watch
the president say not only do I want to
protect you my critics CNN punchy the
Clintons not only am I going to protect
you I want him dead
that's a pretty strong statement right
now I think the law actually might
support that because there might be a
death sentence on the table anyway but
the fact that he so quickly went to
death sentence works perfectly for the
Republican movie because we the
Republicans expect that he would be
strong in law and order it wouldn't
matter who the victim was but no name is
another story so no name is the shooter
at the synagogue and that story again is
completely consistent with the
Republican movie that's in their heads
somebody did a terrible crime and the
president is tough on him and once again
immediately brings up the death pedal
the death penalty alright so as somebody
said here there may be a difference
between whether somebody died or
somebody did not die in the case of the
van idiot case so the death penalty may
not be on the on the on the table for
both but the president has called for
the death penalty against someone who is
acting against the synagogue whose movie
does that work with and whose movie does
that violate and keep in mind it
probably also helps the president that
the synagogue shooter was not one of his
fans so he was not a trump supporter we
know so here's the problem the Democrat
movie is showing some cracks showing
some cracks and there are two specific
cracks I'm gonna call out one is the
Charlottesville hoax and one is the
essential part of five hoax and here's
how these two are not working with the
current events the Charlottesville hoax
was the anti-trump media and they still
report this they say that when he was
talking about that that there were fine
people on both sides of the Confederate
statute statue issue CNN and the
anti-trump press continues to this day
to portray that as saying that when he
said they were fine people on both sides
he wasn't talking about both sides of
the statue issue but in their version of
events and in their movie he was saying
that they're fine people who are white
supremacists marching against against
Jewish people in this country they're
actually marching saying anti-semitic
things to believe that you would have to
believe the following in other words for
the the Democrats movie to stay complete
you would have to believe that the
president said that the racist marching
with torches who would like to to see
bad things happen to the president's own
family his daughter who is Jewish is you
know most trusted adviser
Jarrid Jewish his own grandchildren or
Jewish all of his advisers in the many
people he works with or Jewish Benjamin
Netanyahu who is happy with him and you
know we just moved the removing the
embassy to Jerusalem none of that stuff
is compatible with the president saying
that the people marching and saying
racist things against Jews that somehow
he thought they were good people but
it's even weirder if you believe he said
that they were good people and that the
context was he said both sides he would
have to also believe that the president
said that an taifa had some good people
in it because he said they were finding
people on both sides and he said there
were problems on both sides so do you
think the President of the United States
came out in favor of the good character
of Anti Fog that didn't happen so this
was a hoax from the start and CNN
continues to perpetuate this but there's
some cracks in the movie because now
he's saying let's give the death penalty
for this guy that there's no name guy
who shot up a synagogue that doesn't
really fit with their model that they
think he sided with the people who would
like to shoot up synagogues it doesn't
fit anymore
likewise let's go back to the central
park of five hoaxes the way that hoax
works is the way it's being reported is
that the president when when private
citizen Trump was was in the 70s there
was a big crime problem in New York City
there was a case of a group of young
people who attacked and raped and
brutalized some woman in the park that I
guess over five of them and it was in
Central Park and the people arrested
were young african-american men and the
president at the time did a full-page ad
in The New York Times saying that crime
is out of control and maybe we should
bring back the
penalty now the way that was spun was
that even though he didn't mention that
specific crime he didn't even mention
the Central Park he didn't mention the
people who'd been picked up for the
crime
his full-page ad and this is always
misrepresented today the full-page ad
didn't even mention that crime but
because of the timing of it it was quite
obvious that it was about that in other
words it certainly inspired him to write
the to write the ad so although there
was no direct reason to believe that the
only reason he was in favor of the death
penalty is because the the people who
were alleged to do the crime were black
he never said that
or anything even close to that but that
was that was the you know how he was
painted by his critics but now we see
this white guy who shoots up a synagogue
and what did the president immediately
call for before this guy has been tried
now in this case it's more obvious that
he's guilty it turns out by the way the
the five people accused of the Central
Park thing the police and the
prosecutors believe they were guilty but
the jury did not so that makes that
story worse because those five people
were found not guilty the president
didn't know that at the site at the time
there's a secondary issue that he
doesn't apologize but that's separate
from whether he wrote the thing because
of racial issues but now we see that he
calls for the president calls for the
death sentence for the whitest white
supremacist because he did a heinous
crime now how do you square that with
the only reason he called for the death
penalty for Central Perk five is because
they were black because that doesn't
work anymore because he just called for
the death penalty for a white guy for
shooting up a synagogue the Republican
movie is completely intact
he's a law-and-order guy if you break
the law it doesn't matter who you are it
doesn't matter who you are death penalty
if the if the crime is bad enough
he's very consistent about this so
suddenly you've got these two hoaxes
that are sort of falling apart here
because the things he's doing lately
don't really make sense for this movie
where he's a darn old racist so what
doesn't make sense is 400 young black
people cheering for him in the White
House probably set the world's record
for the most happy black people who have
ever been in the White House maybe I'm
no historian but it might be a world
record at the same time he wants to do
things that are completely at odds with
what the Democrats believe is their
movie but completely consistent with
what the GOP has thought all along now
the other interesting thing coming out
of this is if there was one thing that
both the president's critics and his
supporters have been asking him to do
for since 2015 it is to dial back his
rhetoric because the question is is
there something he said that caused
these things to happen and let me help
you sort this out
first of all when you're asking the
question did the president's rhetoric
caused either the Van idiot or the
synagogue no-name guide to do their
heinous acts you have to look at it
through different filters if the filter
you're looking at it is a legal filter
then he's not responsible because you're
not responsible for other people's
actions even if you're talking might
have been part of their reasoning so the
legal system is very clear the president
in the United States has no liability
socially he's also in the clear because
even CNN said clearly and many times
were not saying that he's responsible so
from a social standpoint we don't like
to hold people responsible for other
people's actions but those aren't the
only filters let's take the scientific
filter in the scientific filter
does persuasion exist yes it does it
through a scientific filter if you are
saying provocative things we you know
millions of people on a regular basis is
it possible or even likely that you'll
get unintended negative responses from
at least a few of all those millions of
people the answer is from a scientific
perspective you can guarantee it you can
guarantee that the president's actions
will have an impact on these millions
people and some of those actions will
not be good likewise it seems reasonable
than if you ramped up the rhetoric that
that could have a more predictably
negative opinion but do we pin that on
the president because we can see at
least in the scientific sense a cleaner
likely but no way to guarantee it but
likely impact that might have made
things worse well here's the problem
let's put it in context how many
variables did it take for Van idiot or
no-name to do exactly what they did it
wasn't just the one variable it wasn't
just the president talking there were
literally thousands of variables maybe
millions over the course of their entire
life that all had to go the same way I
mean if you think about it from birth
there were thousands or millions of
things that if they just won a different
way neither of them would have been in
the position to do what they did the
president was one of those things he was
one of thousands of variables that
absolutely had to be just the way they
were for the for the outcome to be just
what it was so I would say yes from a
scientific perspective you should assume
that the way he talks about things could
trigger some people no pun intended but
not in a legal or social way do we hold
him
possible now here's the interesting part
at least at the last rally and it's too
soon to say this is a real change yet he
announced that he was going to pull back
on the rhetoric now I don't think we all
believe that he will because that would
be kind of surprising but he's a
surprising guy and there's a lot on the
line there's a lot on the line it's only
a few weeks until the midterms and Kevin
the president pull back for a few weeks
and of course that doesn't mean
completely because he's still gonna
insult his critics but he may not be
insulting them in a way that sounds
violent or worse seems to exalt any kind
of physical altercations so if he goes
the next few weeks without being
provocative in that dangerous kind of
way she'll still be provocative of
course but not in that dangerous kind of
way people are gonna notice and it will
be hard to not make that the top story
because it's the top interest what is
the thing that everybody is the most
interested in about the president right
now the economy yeah really we're happy
with that Isis then we're now thinking
about North Korea that seems to be going
okay the biggest thing people are
talking about is the president's
rhetoric and saying we cannot support
this guy because of the way he talks and
then he just came out and said if you
don't mind I'm gonna talk differently
now I've said that the president has
understands the importance of theater on
top of politics more than anybody who's
ever understood that Reagan would be
that maybe the second place there but he
certainly understands that if he could
pull this off and here and and the way
for it it's the bad boy becomes a good
boy or a good person in the third act
when everything looks doomed
we are in the third act this is the
third act because this movie is about
the midterms and the midterms if you're
a Republican looks doomed right didn't
you think that the midterms are sort of
unwinnable at least in terms of the
house the senate looks good for the
republicans but does it look like the
house is sort of unwinnable and then
these things happened and it just looked
like oh my god you know things are going
to look even worse and then the
president says if you don't mind I'm
going to pull back my rhetoric that is
the third act if he pulls it off we
don't know yet and and as you know there
could be lots of more turns and and
excitement between now and Election Day
we hope that it's more good stuff than
bad stuff but you're watching the third
act in process if if President Trump
pulls this off it will be one of the
greatest third act moves of all time and
he just has to hold it for a few weeks
can he do it can the president hold back
his rhetoric for three weeks I ask you
this one question
does he like to win does he like to win
because it's a winning play now I I saw
on CNN today they were describing the
seats that are up for grabs in the
midterm and I've been saying for you
know for a year that I'm not good at
predicting the midterms because there
are too many individual matchups it
really depends on the the characters
were up against each other more than the
big picture but I saw something really
interesting so apparently the reason the
reasoning that Democrats will win is
that there are a whole bunch of seats in
play that our Republican seats already
so in other words the Republicans have a
whole bunch of more people who have to
win their seats than the Democrats do in
terms of in terms of ones that are in
doubt you know the ones that are
toss-ups and I ask you this what would
be easier than Republicans voting for a
Republican who's already in office under
these conditions and these conditions
are everything right
these conditions are people want to keep
the court they want to keep their
economics the president's doing well
he's got you know incredible support
from his own side and all they have to
do to get more of that and to have the
most fun day that they've had since 2016
all they have to do to get to have fun
day again is show up and vote what it
what is the one thing the Republicans
are best at if you had to say
Republicans compared to Democrats
there's one thing that they're really
really good at showing up all right
you could make all kinds of
generalizations about the two parties
and you know who's got the who's got the
professor's and you know who are the
nice people who live who are the bad
people yeah and there are probably lots
of things that would that would
distinguish between the two sides but
one of them that really distinguishes is
that when it's time to work
Republicans show up they're not talkers
they're doers so with all these seats
that are in play being Republican held
and with Republicans having nothing to
stop them from walking down into voting
I feel like you're gonna see the biggest
Republican turnout in history for a
bedroom for at least modern history who
knows what happened 100 years ago so my
prediction is that the events in the
news probably are not moving the dial
much people have argued locked in their
choices it might have some impact on
whether people get off the
vote but I think even that's largely
determined at this point people know if
they're gonna vote for the most part
there's a few small people who might be
persuadable and that might make a big
difference you know two percent one way
or the other there's a difference
between a landslide one way or landslide
the other way and things have lined up
so positively for president Trump who is
apparently the biggest variable in the
election that he almost couldn't have he
almost couldn't have a better setup for
the midterms so here's what I'm saying
we just watched a whole movie this past
year come down to oh my god it doesn't
matter what this president did if he
loses the midterms it could all be
unraveled and so all he had to do was he
had to solve the third act the third act
in movie is when it looks doomed and
there's just nothing you can do but the
the hero pulls out this this thing you
never thought anybody could do and then
he saves the day and what that might be
might be the president dialing back his
rhetoric talking about executing a white
supremacist what could be better for the
president going into a midterm than
talking publicly about executing a white
supremacist can you name anything that
would be better than that well you know
I don't want to say better because it's
such a heinous act that God is here so
that's probably a bad word II all right
and then let's talk about gab GA ba gab
most of you know that's the it's a sight
that was supposed to be an alternative
to Twitter and their big distinguishing
characteristic is that they would not
edit your free speech so the whole point
of gab is that that was a free speech
place unlike Twitter that might that
might try to restrict your free speech
turns out that this no-name guy who shot
up the synagogue was on gas
probably was kicked off a Twitter gab
also kicked him off and suspended his
account as soon as they found out he was
on gab but it wasn't soon enough because
gab lost its banking relationships which
means it will probably have to close
down I'm guessing now what gab found out
is that Twitter wasn't dumb and that
they there's a reason that they they
they censor things so I feel sorry for
gab but at the same token if there was a
platform that was encouraging neo-nazis
and racists I can't say you can't say
they didn't see a common so that's bad
but not unexpected
all right yeah I think I think gab lost
their hosting services somebody says
there's some some of that stuff they
might be able to get back when it's
going to be yeah it's gonna be yeah ugly
all right he was on Twitter - somebody
says which doesn't matter as much as the
fact that gab got shut down
was it encouraging racism though I don't
know let's let's drink to better times
I'm sorry that was without notice the
simultaneous surprise
they say your neck Scott don't you
understand this I don't think so
to me it seems and I know you're not
gonna love this to me it seems it's not
that hard to avoid getting kicked off
the social media platforms you'd have to
try pretty hard I don't think I'm even
close to being kicked off any social
media platforms so I'm actually not
worried at all
all right let's I'm not going to talk
about the World Series because I don't
follow baseball but let me give me some
feedback on this periscope all right I'm
just looking at your comments how was
this periscope was this useful or
informative for you I heard that
somebody lost their job with Campbell's
Soup for tweeting something about George
Soros being behind the caravans talking
about George Soros is a good way to get
to lose your job and I don't recommend
it best ever somebody said well thank
you nine days until the midterms man
that snuck up on us huh all right I'm
gonna be flying off to New York today
and I think it's Tuesday morning they'll
be on Fox and Friends so make sure you
catch me they're talking about wind
bigly my new book that on in one day I
think we'll be out in paperback so win
big Lee is out in paperback I added a
new chapter at the end to update you on
my predictions and
oh good people are saying they're liking
this periscope somebody says where is Q
I was wondering that is it my
imagination or did Q sort of I don't
become less relevant is it only because
I'm not talking about it can somebody
confirm that it seems to me Q went from
being a thing to being far less of a
thing when when a number of people said
don't pay attention to it so I don't
know if that made any difference or
maybe they're just lying quiet for a
while
who knows remember the flag posts yes so
prior to Election Day the Sunday before
the election make sure that you tweet an
American flag because that should
increase Republican turnout and decrease
the might I don't know if of a decreased
Democratic turnout probably won't
decrease anybody's turn out but it would
increase turnout for Republicans all
right yes I'm on Ben Shapiro's Sunday
interview show and I will tweet that
link as soon as I get off of here I'm
hearing good good things about it the
people enjoyed listening to to us talk
so it's Ben Shapiro show I'll tweet that
people saying they love it I don't know
I haven't seen it myself but it was fun
to do so I think it's probably pretty
good all right all right and I will talk
to you later