good morning everybody and welcome to
coffee with Scott Adams the highlight of
human
civilization and you're lucky to be here
but if you'd like to take this
experience to levels that your body
can't even understand and your brain
could not fathom all you need is a cuper
muger a glass a tanker chel or Stein a
canteen jug or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine of the
day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous zp
go
ah sa for
it well uh in science news remember all
that uh that worry you had about your
cholesterol yeah it turns out that's all
I don't quite understand the study but
there's some study out that strongly
suggests there's no link between
cholesterol and heart
disease can you believe that now I I I
think I've assumed that for a long time
I'm not sure the study is accurate maybe
some other study will overturn it and
I'm not and some people are saying the
study is being misread and it doesn't
really say that or maybe it maybe it's a
short term versus long term and maybe
there weren't enough people in it maybe
the design of the test study was wrong
so we don't know for sure but what I do
know for sure
is it's not for sure that cholesterol is
destroying your heart it might be just
some kind of
inflammation so um I don't know what's
true there and don't get your medical
advice from
cartoonists so talk to your doctor don't
talk to
me well well Argentina got their new
president Javier muu and the first thing
he did was cut the government from 21
departments down to
nine did he really do
that how is that even possible did it
did he tell them it's their last day and
they just walked away or did they say
you've got you know a year to wind
things up how exactly did he do
it you
know when you watched what happened at
Twitter it is there anybody who doubts
the fact that Twitter had too many
employees all right when when mus cut
80% of the staff how many of you said oh
no there's no way it can operate if you
cut 80% of the staff do you know who
didn't think that would be a bad
idea there there was a class of
Americans who knew that would be fine
what what was that class of Americans
who knew it would be fine to got 80% of
the staff everybody who ever worked in
Corporate
America am I right everybody who had
business experience said you know what I
think that could
work and everybody who was a journalist
who did not have much business
experience said well how could it
possibly work if you take 80% of the
foundation out of the building how is it
going to stay up it must be fall over
right and meanwhile everybody with
business experience said
huh I'll bet that'll
work and what has happened to the
xplatform since
then probably the fastest pace of useful
Development I've ever seen in my
life why were they so fast lots of
reasons you know good leadership
probably good employees but they didn't
have the other 80% getting in their way
and and the things that they did could
actually make a
difference and they're probably well
paid so it's not like magic you know
it's not like there's some secret
process that only one person knows it's
kind of basic stuff get the garbage out
of the way get good people give them a
reason to
live so here's what I wonder about
Argentina and Javier muu going from 21
departments down to nine by the time we
have our
election a year from now we're going to
know if that
worked just think about
that in yeah in 11 months we'll know if
the Argentina thing
worked what if it
does what if it
works I can't think of a better argument
for electing a
republican I mean if that works it's
going to be hard to ignore
right because Republicans want to do
they want to do the minor version of
that you know getting rid of several
departments but it's going to be hard to
argue with getting R rid of the
Department of
Education if Argentina gets goes from 21
departments down to nine and
everything's
fine yeah so aake had a plan which uh
honestly even to my ears sounded a
little bit too
much when I would hear V talk about it I
thought I don't know if he can get all
that done you that may maybe when it C
comes right down to it you wouldn't
really get rid of the Departments maybe
trim them a little bit or something but
now when I see
milu mle is it mle or meu I don't know
whatever whatever it is uh when I watch
him try to do this we're actually going
to have an answer of whether it works
you know sort of in the general sense
but also so it completely changes my
view of V's take of this he V went from
outside the normal and be thinking well
I don't know if you can get all that
done to right in the
middle like he went from outside the the
zone of oh that's not practical to right
in the middle of it as long as it works
in Argentina it's definitely going to
happen here there's no way you can
ignore it if it works there
well speaking of aake he was on a spaces
event uh last
night maybe some of you
heard so it's the most classic thing
that you talk about in public speaking
the the single most classic joke that
people make is somebody forgetting they
have a microphone on and then using the
restroom in the middle of an
event well that happened so
the V was joining Elon Musk and uh
um um Alex Jones was there and uh V I
guess he took a little uh bathroom break
and his mic was
on and all I've got to say about it
is that man knows how to make a live
stream that's all I have to say about
that there's nothing else say and we're
done next
topic over at open AI which is turned
into a soap opera as well as a
technology company uh one of the
founders co-founders Ilia
Suk has not been
seen he's not he's not visible to
company for quite a quite a time now
what do you think is happening with one
of the co-founders of open AI during the
most most exciting time of their history
why would he be missing an action what
could possibly be going
on well let me ask you this he just
created a company that's worth I 90
billion and he's the the had you know
expert he's not just the CEO he's like
the technology
guy how much do you think he could ask
for in
salary I if he jump
ship try to imagine what Elon Musk would
pay
him just just put that number in your
head what's his actual market
value don't you wonder about that like
if if you and I went to get a job in
Corporate America you know if I went
back to work in Corporate America like
what what could I command in my salary
I'd like to think I could get a
six-digit salary if if I went back to
Corporate
America he might be worth a billion
dollars like actually a billion dollars
he might be the first employee in the
history of
civilization who if you heard that his
annual salary was a billion dollars
you'd say to yourself that sounds about
right and I apologize to Elon Musk if
he's negotiating with them now because
that's not going to help Elon at all not
at all sorry
no he's not going to get a billion
dollars but I wouldn't be
surprised if he got stock options that
were worth a billion dollars in in a
hypothetical if things go well since
wouldn't be surprised I think he could
actually command a billion dollars in
compensation we'll
see what I don't know is how many people
have gotten up to speed to where he is
now so I don't know how special he is
obviously he was quite singular up and
until now but I wonder if that's still
the
case all right um I keep saying that
somebody needs to compile a master list
of all the Lost government
documents how many stories have you
heard where oh those those emails were
destroyed uh yeah it was a mistake and
uh oh you want those videos from January
6 oh lost those yeah and now we hear
that the uh secret service has lost all
of their messages around January 6
and it was a big accident it was just a
big mistake because there was there was
a technology migration and you know the
first thing you do when there's a
technology migration I think you all
know this right well if you haven't been
involved in a technology migration the
first thing you do is delete important
files from the old
system no you don't do that the most
important thing you do is preserve the
old
system rule number one don't lose
anything from the old
system don't lose anything from the old
system till you're really sure you don't
need it but they lost it
huh well they headed the Secret Service
is a known uh Democrat loved operative
uh was tight with Dick Cheney and Biden
and now now she's head of the Secret
Service and says it's a damn shame all
those very very necessary
documents they just got lost date of
migration things happen things happen in
migrations what are you going to
do so I said to myself Scott this will
be the day that AI becomes useful and I
said whoa I don't want to go and you
know do Google searches and try to find
all the recent stories about lost
documents and deleted documents and
can't find the documents or won't give
you the documents or it's uh it's
redacted you know I thought must be a
lot of those stories but guess what so I
go over to grock and I say grock find me
all the stories in the last seven years
where the documents have been lost or
unavailable and I gave it a bunch of
words for unavailable you know I said
look for text messages and emails and
legal documents and anything that the
government said you know is
unavailable and it came back and it said
well uh there was a president Trump who
wouldn't give back his documents at
maralago
it gave me three examples I think two of
them were about Trump not giving
documents
back so let me just say grock is not
where we want it to be
but to be fair it's it's you know first
release so I'm not going to judge I'm
not going to judge grock until at least
gets parody with the other services so I
do appreciate I very much appreciate
that musk puts it out before it's you
know completely Diamond hard uh because
I like that as a process I like that he
puts it out there it gets responses you
know they they can they can fix it based
on responses and stuff so I'm not going
to yet but it wasn't useful for that so
I said to myself well I don't have to
sell for grock which is some people say
it's like GPT 3.5 only I'll go to 4.0
I'll go to Chad GPT so I went to chat
GPD and said find me all the instances
of the government specifically the
government saying those documents are
gone and I gave it a long super prompt
you know what it told me that's too hard
it's too hard to get
that it's a search it's basically a
Google search I just wanted it to do it
for me instead of me having to Google
every single you know search term so it
was too hard yeah much too hard so
there's your update on the usefulness of
AI not
much here's another one a ask it to list
the major political hoaxes of the last
seven years do you think it will do it
no no not even close why is that I don't
know exactly why that is it seems like
exactly the sort of thing it could
do but not even close yeah so certainly
AI is not going to be revealing truth to
us if you thought that was going to
happen well today we hear that Hillary
Clinton is going to get more involved in
the Biden
campaign and by getting more involved in
the Biden campaign um if you read
between the the words here let me let's
try to read between the lines okay okay
it's coming into view now all right the
top level is Hillary plans to get more
involved in the Biden campaign but if
you squint just right if you hold it at
an angle you can read between the lines
it says uh probably will smother him
with a pillow smother him with a
pillow just reading between the lines
yeah you got to you got to go beyond the
surface you got to you got to do your
own research and dig down yeah smothered
with a pillow um there's evidence that
she's already purchased it from oh Mike
Lindell uh this is just messed up yeah
she's going to buy her pillow from Mike
Lindell and frame him for for smothering
Biden with the
pillow there's also evidence that she's
going to remove Biden's shoes and put oh
this is messed up she's going to put
Mike lell slippers on him smother him
with a my pillow and then frame him for
the whole
thing that
yeah I know it's true I asked ai ai says
this is
true no I'm making all that up except
it'll probably
happen well Trump says he will not
testify at his civil fraud trial because
there's nothing to say is that the right
choice
yes
yeah there there's some things you can't
say yes hard enough to right it's not
just yes and it's not just hell yes it's
like let me demonstrate the proper way
to say yes to this Scott do you think uh
Trump should decline the offer to
testify at his own uh civil fraud trial
yes yes yes yeah that's that's the
proper
yes so so yeah that's
good because I think what's happened
since the banker said it's no big deal
and the real estate evaluation guy said
it's
undervalued there's nothing for Trump to
add nothing to add just get him off get
him off of that risk and so he's smart
so he's not doing
that all right so as you know Alex Jones
was re uh reinstated on the xplatform
and and uh one entity that's not too
happy about it is the Washington
Post they say it's likely like in
opinion piece is likely to hasten the
flight of advertisers from the site over
anti-Semitism and hateful
content
huh Alex
Jones
anti-Semitism and hateful content can
somebody give me a fact check I don't
believe Alex Jones has ever even been
accused of
anti-Semitism am I wrong I don't think
that's even been in the
conversation I don't remember anything
like that right how about uh hate uh
hateful
content has Alex Jones ever been accused
of hateful content certainly you know
with the uh whatever it is the school
shooting case certainly he was wrong
there's an argument that people were
damaged by being wrong but do you think
he did that end of
hate was there some hate for children or
family no there was no hate there there
was simply something he may have thought
was true that turned out not to be true
and he you know he doesn't say it was
true now he just says something got into
it basically so the Washington
Post is selling fake news about Alex
Jones
while complaining that he's a source of
fake
news and the Washington Post is the most
disgraced uh known purveyor of fake news
in the American
history at least of ones that pretended
to be
legitimate yeah there were other you
know I'm not talking about tabloids in
the past in the past tabloids just made
stuff up but the uh of the of the
entities that pretend to be legitimate
the Washington toast Washington toast oh
the Washington
toast that just came out well from now
on I'm going to call them the Washington
toast because they're totally
burnt yeah so the Washington
toast anyway it's ironic that the
Washington toast would be making fun of
uh Alex
Jones as you know I created the uh The
hoax quiz that I bring in out every now
and then especially when there's a new
one but I realized it was
getting too large I wanted it to look
impressive to show how many hoaxes there
are but it worked against me because
when it gets too big people just sort of
ignore the whole thing it's like ah yeah
that's a lot of stuff I don't want to
look into it so I uh tightened it up to
seven the top seven hoaxes are shaped
modern
America do you like that title the top
seven hoaxes is shaped in modern America
I would invite any journalists who would
like to follow up in this um you're
welcome to use my framing and to use me
as one reference in your story if you'd
like to follow up on this so I'm not
going to write the story I thought about
it you writing an article around it but
uh I thought the Tweet did it so you're
in the top
seven and I say they shaped modern
America uh
and what I mean
is what I mean is they mattered there
were lots of hoaxes but in the end they
didn't matter right like uh Trump
overfed the koi fish all right that was
a hoax it didn't matter Covington kids
Covington kids it was a
hoax it didn't make much difference I
mean not really but here are the ones
that did number one the fine people hoax
number two because the fine people hoax
literally
got I mean the fine people hoax gave us
everything everything bad came from that
hoax um including Biden the drinking
bleach
hoax um the Russia collusion
hoax the January 6 was an Insurrection
hoax the Derek schauen murdered George
Floyd hoax the shadow Banning isn't real
hoax remember when they told us Shadow
bathing isn't real uh and then I'm going
to add the climate models predict the
future which is different from saying
climate change is or is not a risk I'm
just saying that it's a hoax that models
can predict
that now I left out think about the ones
I left out I left out the laptop
hoax I personally don't think it would
have changed the
election that's just my feeling
so yes I mean it often talked about as
being a big deal but I don't know if
it's in the top seven it's it's in the
top
10 but 10's too much so I'm trying to
keep it tight so you could argue about
what should be on this list but I
thought it would help to try to get the
concentrate to get the conversation
concentrated on the ones that made Might
Have Made A Difference you know give or
take one or
two all right here's some new news that
should have seen but I did not did you
know that in big political events it's
not uncommon to hire a big International
PR
firm and the big International PR firm
already has connections with big
Publications because big Publications
rely on PR firms because PR firms had no
stuff and have connection to their
clients that the news would like to have
so there it's a friendly situation with
PR people at the highest level the the
smaller PR people are just bugging the
Publications but at the highest level
they're they're
buddies so Mike Ben is talking about uh
the situation uh there's a big PR firm
called
Edelman and there's somebody named
uh Ann
applebomb who was a was on the board of
directors for the most notorious CIA cut
out in all of US history and uh that's
somehow connected to this big PR firm
and ways that are hard for me to
understand anyway Apple bomb WR an
Atlantic hit
piece and uh according to uh Mike
Benz um she got red R she got caught
red-handed serving as a secret quote
intercluster cell member of a busted
British intelligence op set up for
covert censorship and political Warfare
operations known as the Integrity
initiative boy whenever the government
has a uh an entity with a big name it's
just the
CIA it's like the Integrity initiative
the misinformation Global initiative
it's just basically always the CIA or
British intelligence or some
intelligence group all right so
apparently what these so-called clusters
were uh they were journalists
politicians military academic and
Business
Leaders that that basically were
networked and kind of a RICO way so that
a a PR firm or the intelligence
Industries can activate them and
suddenly the journalists and the the
pundits and everybody starts talking
about the same thing so while you
thought hey it almost seems as if the
fake news is coordinated it was
coordinated it was coordinated it was
exactly coordinated and they had a whole
structure to do it so so you always
wonder hey how is it that they're all
like instantly on the same side in these
situations it's coordinated yeah it's
exactly what you thought it
was all right
um and that's an organized online
influence campaign now this this is
talking about the UK but presumably this
this entity or this situation or this
setup exists for American issues as well
now I did a really bad job of explaining
it because it was complicated and I just
had time to skim it before I came on I
very much recommend that you follow Mike
Benz on
X Benz as in mercedesbenz same spelling
he'll pop right up if you look for him
but his his understanding of who the
players are is the most important thing
to understand about the news let me say
it again if all you know is what the
news is you don't know anything you're
literally blind even if it's
accurate because if you don't know who's
pushing that Narrative of the news the
and what they're leaving out and what
they're up to you don't understand why
you're seeing what you're seeing but now
that you know that there's an entire
layer of organized misinformation people
who work for Intel groups you know that
what you're seeing is an Intel
fabrication for anything important so
the news pretty much is
fabricated anytime it matters when it
doesn't matter if it's just a celebrity
thing if it's just a story about a
celebrity it's not fabricated by the
government it's just wrong because the
news gets everything wrong there's no
news about public figures that's correct
but not for the same reason the reason
the news about public figures is always
incorrect is that the news doesn't know
the real
news usually the only person who knows
is the public figure and maybe a spouse
or something nobody else knows what the
whole story
is so the news is completely artificial
but for different reasons all right so
I'm feeling sorry a little bit for the
president of Harvard who not only is
getting hammered for what some say many
say is the inadequate answer to the uh
bullying of the Jewish students on um
Harvard's
campus and so there are calls for to be
removed Bill Amman is sort of leading
that charge famous investor Bill akman
and let me let me say this about Bill
akman don't let me ever make him angry
at
me if it looks like I'm heading in that
direction could you just grab me and
pull me back goes damn I do not want him
spending his entire day trying to take
me
out he he works all day long uh I don't
know how much he's working on investing
lately but he's working all day long in
setting things right now I I'm
completely on his side uh in terms of
he's got a point to be made um but man
it's it's an interesting Dynamic to
watch an investor take down three
College
heads uh because they should be I think
their answers were firing offenses in my
opinion although I agre I agree with
Glenn Greenwald who says that we're
we're definitely treading on the Free
Speech rights of a lot of these people
that's really happening but that doesn't
mean that the um that the presidents of
these colleges gave good answers yeah
they're they're definitely protecting a
a bad
influence
so so here's what's happening so the
attacks against Claudine gay the
president of Harvard are intensifying
and is now extended to claims that she
got tenured based on uh plagiarized
articles and
debunked
studies I think what happened if I saw
correctly was she referred to somebody
else's studies and the other person
their studies were faked or wrong so uh
I don't I don't have an opinion yet on
how valid the claims are but they're out
there
so the the important thing to know is
it's out there um and the people are
saying out loud and in public that she's
a diversity
hire that's the sort of thing people
didn't say so loud a little while ago
but now they just you can just say it
that loud basically um I don't know if
that's the case in her case that she's
just a diversity hire I would I would
say how would I know yeah how how do I
know what her real qualifications are I
don't so I'm not going to say that I
would say that it looks exactly like
it and in our world if it looks like it
that ends up being the reality but I
don't know if it's real
reality so she might be really smart
don't know uh well I assume she's really
smart
anyway well here's the uh here's the
most predictable
outcome now I I love this series of two
tweets
um the first one
was that uh this one came from uh Colin
Wright so he's he's a gentleman on the
xplatform and uh when this plagiarism
thing came up he tweeted this I'm sure
any moment now someone from the and he
makes this up the critical plagiarism
studies department will explain to us
how plagiarism is an oppressive social
construct imposed by white Western
settler
colonialists colonists really you should
say and that we all need to acknowledge
and embrace other ways of s sighting
things now that's pretty funny isn't it
that if a uh if a prominent black woman
the president of Harvard gets accused of
plagiarism you know sort of a joke hahaa
you know pretty soon somebody's going to
say plagiarism is okay if you're
black well uh there's an assistant
professor at the University of
Cincinnati who writes in an article that
anti anti-plagiarism policies harm black
and uh latinx
students it actually
happened it's a real
thing somebody actually said that it's
unfair to accuse black people and uh
Hispanic people of
plagiarism and that maybe it'd be okay
to blame white people but not black and
Latin Latin X people now I'm not going
to read you the article or tell you
where it appeared because I don't want
to even give it that much credit but
it's kind of funny that it
exists does this look a little like
Jumping the Shark
shark here's here's
fony yeah that's that's kind of kind of
taking it to the full joke level now
remember I told told you
that we reach a point where the real
news sounds like a joke you just can't
tell the difference this is real
news and it matched exactly the joke and
the joke came even before the real news
well I don't know about the timing but
he didn't know about this when he did
the joke
version the the actual article says
Latin
X so apparently the assistant professor
at the University of Cincinnati used use
that term in the
headline all right um there's a meme
going around that I reposted that I
believe one year ago I would not have
reposted and one year ago maybe you
wouldn't even see it because it would
get you know Shadow Bann but here's what
the meme says uh it's a meme about uh
Dei and it's defining it says diversity
means fewer white people
inclusion means exclusion of white
people and Equity means the stealing
from white
people is that
unfair is that
inaccurate it's a reframe but it's 100%
accurate yeah it is simply a different
way of describing the exact same stuff
but a year ago a year ago I couldn't
have said that out
loud would you agree I don't think I
would have but at the moment it's now
obvious to
everybody do you know how obvious it is
the Dei is all
bad CNN's fared
Zakaria just went all in against Dei at
colleges specifically but it the the
same thing applies to everything else
but he went in and he basically said the
de has destroyed the
colleges just flat out he didn't hold
back a bit there was not one part of him
that gave it a little bit of credibility
he basically said in a major piece on
the middle of you know a a good time
zone on CNN he just said c CI is or Dei
is dangerous
 and that just stood there as an
opinion the CNN is not you don't see I
bet you won't see the other people
debate it do you think on another show
on CNN somebody's going to say he went
too
far bet not it looks to me like CNN's
unboard with this as a
company so now you have the entire uh
right leaning World saying Dei has to
die it has to has to
go and then CNN just is on the same page
at least with fared which I would assume
is a more widespread opinion I don't
know but I'm pretty sure it is I'll bet
you and here's what I have to say about
uh about
that I've told you before that design is
Destiny right if you design something
that guarantees a certain output why
would you be surprised if you got that
output but here's what's wrong with the
design of
Dei all right so let's say that the
ideas of Dei if not taken to the
ridiculous are
solid I agree with them I I think that
all things being equal as long as you're
serving your shareholders and serving
you know the larger Community it would
be nice all things being equal if you
could get more diversity more equity and
more
inclusion that would be a good sort of
goal for the world but as you know uh
lots of goals conflict with other goals
and you can't have everything without
giving up something somewhere else now
suppose you take those competing
objectives and you put them in the brain
of One hiring manager right so you're a
hiring manager and now it's your job to
take care of the
stockholders you're trying to take care
of your own career you're trying to take
care of the employees you already have
you're trying to take care of your
customers and you also care about the
world because you're a good person
and you say to yourself you know what
all things being equal I would like to
have more diversity that'd be good but I
don't want to trade off too much I don't
want to screw the stockholders I don't
want to screw my employees I don't want
to screw me but balancing all these
objectives I'll see what I can
do now that's what I call a good
system because within that one brain are
all the competing um impulses and then
the one one person can weigh them and
evaluate them as one
individual now is that a perfect system
no no because that individual could be a
racist or that individual could be the
opposite you know a reverse racist so
that's that's not ideal you could you
could see easily why people would look
for an alternative to that because it
wasn't wasn't maybe doing enough people
would say
but I I'm only going to propose that
putting all of it into one decision
Maker's head is your best situation even
with all the obvious flaws so here's
what they did
instead they created a Dei
department or maybe just one Dei
director once you've created that system
that's a different system than all the
competing things happening within one
person's brain now you've got a separate
entity but here's the the flaw the CEO
can't ignore that
entity the CEO cannot say oh the Dei say
say we got to do X but the CEO does not
have the freedom to say you know what
I'm going to weigh that against my
profitability the the well-being of the
you know the customers and everybody
else the CEO has to say oh
 if I ignore the de and somebody
finds out the board is going to remove
me right
so you end up with this power in Balance
where the CEO is the one who should be
balancing all the competing interests
but can't you take from the CEO the
ability to balance interests and you
sort of blackmail them because they've
got a reputation to protect you sort of
blackmail them into doing what the Dei
group wants that's a design
problem the design of making the Dei
group sort of a sacred protected class
gives them two too much power over the
decision maker because they can take the
decision maker down
reputationally that is a poorly designed
system what you should predict in a
poorly designed system of that nature is
that the entire um Enterprise would be
destroyed because the impulse of the Dei
people are to bring in people primarily
who will uh achieve the objective of the
director of Dei which is have more
equity and diversity but do you think
that person is going to weigh that
against
profitability no because their own
profitability is going to be based on
how much more diversity you have next
year that's all they care about the the
Dei person is not going to be directly
or immediately blamed if some employee
makes a mistake five years down the road
that is because they weren't qualified
that's not going to come back to that de
person I mean not directly and not on in
in time but they definitely are going to
have to answer for why there's not more
diversity next year so so you have this
incentive system that's completely an a
whack with what it is you're trying to
accomplish because what you're trying to
accomplish is a strong company that's
doing the best they can on these other
social issues which do have weight and
importance so uh all I'm introducing to
the argument is that you have two
systems we know of one is where one
person has to balance all the things and
then you don't really get the level of
equity diversity that some people think
is
essential but you also preserve the
entities right it's an imperfect system
but at least the government still works
at least the company still makes money
at least Disney still makes good movies
am I
right but as soon as the you know the
Dei people get involved Disney can't
even make a good
movie do you do you think that the the
head of CEO of of Disney do you think
that he can make decisions completely
independent of the objections of his own
Dei
Department kind of not kind of not yeah
Bob
Iger yeah so it's a design problem and
if you don't see it as that you're going
to see it as racism or
something right if if you're going down
the is it racism or you know who's who's
discriminating against who it's it's the
wrong conversation it's not even a good
conversation the real conversation is is
an engineering problem did you design an
organization to
fail as soon as you put in the Dei group
as a separate uh group that are that are
evaluated separately and they have
control over the top that's a guaranteed
failure it guarantees you'll take energy
away from profitability and move it
toward something that's not
profitability so that's the end of you
or
credibility all right so just know
that
um
so uh I saw a weird post from Elon Musk
on evolution and entropy did anybody see
that it took me a while to figure out
what that was all about still don't know
exactly but here's what he said so he
says Evolution and entropy and then
space next line there are lies there are
damn lies and then there are statistical
mechanics now you know this is a a play
on statistics you know being worse than
lies but statistic
mechanics um seems to be a sort of a
third branch of physics in which they're
trying to predict the action of the
smallest entities and how that sums up I
guess and I don't know exactly what
context he's making this comment
but do you believe that there is a uh
any part of science is going to be using
their statistical mechanics to predict
the future
basically I don't know anything about
this topic but I'm willing to say that
musk is right because what he's
referring to is something that is
sufficiently complicated that whoever is
getting paid to work on it is probably
hiding in the complexity and getting a
paycheck you know doing some papers and
stuff well maybe not even believing that
any of it's real or useful in the real
world because it's complicated and
nobody can predict the future with
math um you know unless it's something
like simple like
gravity all right um it looks like uh
Hamas has solved the Ukraine war
problem or maybe Trump
has but it turns out there's a report
that zalinski is uh well he announced it
he's going to have peace talks in
Switzerland uh on the sidelines at the
the world economic forum see you thought
the the world economic Forum was useless
but it's a way to get zalinsky to talk
to the Swiss I guess since he's going to
be
there so here's how I interpret that
number one if Hamas had not attacked
Israel it's far more likely that the US
would be all in on funding and maybe not
looking for peace is that is that too
strong do you think those two things are
are connected in that way because it's
really a stretch to get Americans to
fund a war that they don't quite see
exactly how it's helping
us but then when we sail our our Fleet
you know next to a second war and you
know we're involved on some level but
not boots on the ground but you're still
uncomfortable about the funding and the
involvement I feel as if Hamas made it
far more likely that zalinski would have
to you know look for a peace solution
because he can't afford war is that
would you agree that those are connected
or is that too much of a
stretch I I feel they're psychologically
connected in American Minds all right
but here's the other
Factor um you've heard me predict this
before the Democrats and Biden in
particular cannot allow this war the
Ukraine war to still be raging on
Election Day do you
agree that that they're at a level of
complete desperation because if Trump
takes over when the let's say the lines
you know the front lines haven't changed
much in over a
year how easy would it be for Trump to
end a war where there's no more funding
neither side wants to fight the you know
the way it will be settled will be
obvious and and Trump's not the one
responsible for starting it in the first
place he would just be the one
responsible for ending it it would be
the easiest War anybody ever ended I
could do it that's I'm not even
exaggerating I'd be a terrible president
don't vote for me for president but give
me one day in the job and I can end the
 Ukraine war do you know else who
else could end the Ukraine war in one
day besides Trump you could yeah every
one of you every one of of you you just
have to say this is what's going to
happen I'm the president of the United
States this is over hey you guys come
here this is over this is basically what
it's going to look like you guys work
out the details but it's over we're done
Trump could do that tomorrow so there
will be a
desperation from Democrats to get this
solved which guarantees to get solved so
in a way Trump has already ended the war
in
Ukraine I don't think that's too far I I
believe that the existence of trump as a
guaranteed War Ender like there's no
question about it really he would end it
really quickly you know before when he
said that I think it was reasonable to
say he's exaggerating because you still
thought well maybe there could be some
change in the front lines and maybe that
something would change it's too soon to
say that but today no doubt about it
it's not even it wouldn't even take any
Trump superpower deal making it would
just take somebody to try
basically so yeah that's a big problem
for the
Dems all right what else is going on
here
um well that's about it that's about it
did I miss
anything and any news that I forgot to
mention yeah Ukraine's running out of
ammo
everybody's Tucker for a press secretary
would be
awesome just let the Russians win yes
that is Scott's response did did that
sound like just let the Russians
win or you mean in terms of the current
uh boundaries oh yes yes I would let the
Russians win their current boundaries
yeah yeah I'm saying that
unambiguously I'm definitely letting
them win their current boundaries do you
know why because Ukraine and NATO and
the United States up we
up yeah we basically gave it to them
created a situation by Design we
designed a situation that guaranteed
that Russia would own those properties
because it would become important to him
more important now I also don't
care does anybody care if Russians
speaking pro-russian territories are
controlled by
Russia Ukraine is the most corrupt
country on earth is Russia worse than
Ukraine
no would Russia use that extra power
they have in those extra areas to
conquer the world no no probably just be
a pain in the ass for Russia so no I
don't care I I have no interest in who
owns those pieces of land has no
American strategic
interest all right time for Putin to go
that's the opposite of what's going to
happen Putin one he's he's as solid as
you can
get all
right
um death to M death to
terrorism yeah I imagine Putin's
popularity will be through the
roof yep is vake staying in the race
well as far as we know I mean apparently
he did not qualify for the next debate
but I wouldn't be surprised if he
counter programs that
successfully so don't be surprised if V
is doing something to make some news
sort of like Trump does you know at the
same time that there's a
debate you know I would even I would
even watch a program where V watches the
debate with us and then does you know uh
Mystery Science Theater uh kind of
comments about how it's going wouldn't
you watch
that I I would watch him commenting in
real time on the debate that'd be
fun
all
right uh safety security
right not according to Peter Zan I'm
being told I don't know what that means
I guess the Russian
situation all right did you see the
video which the Jordanian wedding in
which the groom was shot there was a
Jordanian wedding in which the groom was
shot good
Lord why did did Trump say he was joking
about the disinfectant well think it
through think it through answer your own
question why did Trump say he was joking
about the
disinfectants what what was the
alternative tell me the
alternative the alternative was for him
to double down as light as a
disinfective inside the body do you
think he was prepared to do that do you
do you think felt confident enough that
he remembered a tweet he saw 3 months
ago about light being a disinfectant I
think he just wanted it to go away so he
said I was just
joking what would you do what would you
do in that situation I think he just try
to make it go
away and so I think he was just trying
to make it go
away all right
um pretty prediction the will go on
timcast during the debate H that
wouldn't be a bad
idea yeah we talked about Argentina and
their departments
illuminated um I think we got it
all I think we did it all all right for
your uh
pleasure um I did clip the part of my
live stream where I talked about
organizing your brain into the executive
and the other functions below it
um when I did that it's a reframe when I
did that live I didn't know how much
impact it would have on other people but
I immediately got incredible feedback
that it changed people's entire outlook
on reality basically so I um I put a
clip on the locals platform and also
shared
that I hope I made that oh you know I
might shared it I think I shared it and
made it locked at the same time the
first thing I'll do when I'm done here
is I'll make sure it's unlocked so that
you can view it because it does seem to
be life-changing for some people and uh
s minutes will change your life all
right and that is all we have YouTube
thanks for joining make sure that you
buy my book reframe your brain the best
well actually both of these books the
best two gifts you can get if you don't
have $20 gift for somebody in your life
thanks for joining YouTube see you
tomorrow