[Music]
hey everybody come on in have you been
feeling a little bit tense lately
are you feeling that your world is
spinning apart well why did you come to
the right place at the right time
because I'm gonna tell you how
everything is way better than you think
it is way way better gonna tell you how
everything is gonna work out fine
because it will and I'm gonna tell you
how the country is gonna come out
stronger fairly quickly but first we got
to get ready
gotta get ready for all this and one way
to do it is with the simultaneous simp
yes and all you need is a cup of our
glass of tanker chelators died in the
canteen jerker flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
from the pandemic to the economy to
racism you name it it's getting better
as we SEP simul taenia sip coming at you
now go mmm
yes yes so let's start out with a few
little items here on Twitter I was just
teasing the teasing this periscope and
if you wondered why I say you know where
to find me instead of providing a link
does anybody know why I do that so on
Twitter or what I tell people that I'm
gonna be on periscope I don't tell them
where to find me I just say you know
where to find me and if you look at the
comments people are saying where do I
find you where do I find you now this of
course is a persuasion / marketing
technique because I'm trying to make
people think that there's some
exclusivity about it and there is there
is it's real because if you don't know
where to find me you can't find me so
it's not powered all they'd have to do
is Google it or have somebody on Twitter
but I like making it a little bit hard
so I intentionally don't tell people how
to find me
I make them work at a little bit now if
you could make somebody work at it a
little bit and then they find you the
odds of feeling like they want to
continue watching you or much higher so
that's a little marketing trick for you
now that wouldn't work if you weren't
already popular in some way so you
wouldn't you don't want to make it hard
to find you if you're not if you're not
desirable to find right so you have to
have something about you that makes
people curious and then in some cases
you could use that trick of acting like
you're it's a little bit hard to find
all right I would like to continue
pointing out for anybody who hasn't
heard yet that the phrase a white
privilege is in my opinion and insult to
white people and should be banned so
that's my version of the n-word
while I am completely on board with not
using offensive terms that any group
finds offensive and they let you know
hey don't use that term totally on board
with that a hundred percent by the way
that's there's no joke
if somebody is offended by a certain
phrase or words why in the world would I
want to use them what how would that
help me there's there's nothing in it
for me to insult people for no reason
and I would like to request the same the
same respect so in my opinion the phrase
white privilege implies that somebody
who succeeds and they're white maybe
didn't deserve it
which is just offensive
so I can't make anybody say anything of
course you have freedom of speech so you
can do anything you want but in terms of
information I think it'd be helpful for
people to know that when I hear the term
white privilege I would imagine this is
common but you could speak for
yourselves I don't speak for anybody
else that white privilege is offensive
term it's just completely offensive now
that's not to say there isn't something
to it things can be true and offensive
at the same time would you agree would
you agree that we're not talking whether
it's true because things can be true and
offensive there's nothing there's no
conflict there all right there are five
days left in my one week challenge for
somebody to explain to me in a coherent
way
what systemic racism is with a current
example so it's the example part that's
the fun part I've had as we went through
this yesterday people will give you
analogies they'll give you historical
examples that don't apply like redlining
things are currently illegal they'll
tell you that there are statistical
differences let's say in education and
incarceration and those things are all
true but they don't seem to get towards
systemic as I understand the word so
we're still waiting for that at the end
of the week well let's say the here's
what we've learned already so I cannot
yet conclude that it doesn't exist that
there's no such thing as systemic racism
in fact I would assume just based on
living I would assume that there are
examples of it and that those examples
are perfectly clear and when presented
to me even I would say being skeptical
as I am that even I would say oh yeah
that's a pretty good example but with
you I see that but I'm not getting it
weirdly enough I I expect it because
there's still five days left so I would
expect this
would not be hard but here's what we
know for sure so it is way too soon to
say anything like that
systemic systemic racism doesn't exist
so I'm not making that claim way too
early to say that because there's five
days left of the test well we can say
with complete certainty though is that
people don't agree what it is and
there's no common definition would you
say that would you say that we can say
with some certainty that the idea of
systemic racism separate from the
question of whether it exists at all I
assume it does I'm just waiting for
better explanations but we can conclude
that people don't agree what it is if
you asked for examples it'll be all over
the board most of them will not be
something that somebody else would say
well that's not so systemic that's just
an example of somebody being a racist
and we all know that exist there's no
there's no debate on whether or not
racism exists so we're still waiting on
that so we'll see how that goes have you
seen the the there's a new viral video
going around about coronavirus and
hydroxychloroquine and vitamin C and
dense layers and there's many of you
have seen it by now and it features an
interview with one at least the part
that I saw was one very charismatic
nurse I think she's a nurse based on the
context now I say charismatic because
that's a big part of what makes this
video so viral the the person who is
doing the talking and being interviewed
the person we assume is a nurse she's
not she's not wearing nurse clothes oh
yeah but I think there was a follow-up
that confirmed she's a nurse anyway
she's saying among other things her
claim is that the ventilator misuse is
killing people were primed to think
that's true
she says hydroxychloroquine I think we
think basically works every time
meaning that in her in her experience
every person who's gotten it has lived
that doesn't mean it's true right so
it's very important it doesn't mean it's
true but there is a video of one nurse
saying that she's seen lots and lots of
people come through because she works in
that area with the coronavirus and we
don't know which hospital but according
to her the hydroxychloroquine works
basically every time in the narrow sense
of keeping you from dying that is not a
clinical study here's what I would say
about that I don't find it credible okay
and I think that you could easily be
fooled by the because the the nurse in
the video who is being interviewed is
insanely charismatic as in you wonder
why she's not working in the movie
business so there's something a little
too perfect about her in this context
she's just a little bit too good on
camera so so that part you know makes me
think that maybe it's getting more
attention that it would just for the
details but secondly I just don't see
the statistical scientific weight behind
it it's purely anecdotal and it feels
like it agrees too much with what a lot
of people would want to hear so here's
my bottom line of this I'm not gonna say
that any of it is wrong because I don't
know it could be it could be that
everything she says is completely
accurate and actually she comes off as
being she comes off as being honest
which is different from being right okay
so my my human will say my my reading of
her as a human being is that she's
sincere and my reading of her as a human
is that she's telling the truth as she
understands it so I think she's credible
in that sense but she's also
tell you scientific studies it's
anecdotal so I would I would just put
this filter on it and say I just don't
trust any of the scientific conclusions
especially when she talked about vitamin
C that just felt like maybe she had gone
a little bit further than her anecdotal
experience would take her so just just
be careful of that one it's interesting
and I would recommend it I recommend you
watch it if you see it but just have a
little skepticism of it I've been asked
what would Trump do or should he do in
this current situation if you are the
president what would you do given all
the protests and the temperature of the
company country etc how would you handle
it would you do a big speech on bringing
the world together I think most people
if they think the president should do
anything they think he should do some
kind of big unifying speech here's my
opinion of that it'll only make things
worse now should the president make a
unifying speech kinda has to right it's
the job of the president you sorta have
to do that if you don't do if you don't
even try you're not gonna look like much
of a president so I think the president
has to make more than one probably and I
think there's a plan for one comment
some kind of a unifying speech but I
don't think there's any chance that
won't make things worse do you there's
nothing the president can say that won't
just give his critics new new ammunition
because CNN doesn't need much what was
the one they were doing today I did oh
yeah so here's something the president
said recently the see and then found a
criticism with so the presidents of this
quote we have to work together to
confront bigotry and Prejudice wherever
they appear so far so good right
what could you complain about that yeah
work together confront bigotry and
Prejudice wherever they appear good so
far but we'll make no progress and heal
no wounds by falsely labeling the tens
of millions of decent Americans as
racist or bigots Trump said so see you
then pulls that out and and criticizes
him for saying that we should not be
bigots and Prejudice that's what he said
don't be a bigot in any way don't be a
bigot against black people don't be a
bigot against Republicans just don't be
a bigot and CNN calls that out as a
gigantic criticism of how bad he is for
not for not wording it right
did he not word this right no he did he
worded it perfectly because he included
everyone you said no bigotry no
prejudice we should work together to get
rid of it and by the way we should get
rid of all of it not just most of it
let's get rid of all of it including
bigotry against you know Republicans
basically so is there any chance that if
the President did a perfect speech that
it would be regarded as a perfect speech
now who know even this week I think
three or four times CNN has repeated the
fine people hoaxes and the Charlotte was
fill as if the president praised
neo-nazis which didn't happen the
opposite happened he condemned them so
if you think that saying the right
things can help you haven't been paying
attention saying the right things will
help at all it will make things worse
now he has to do it anyway because you
know that you basically have two bad
choices say nothing that's really bad
say something still bad but not as bad
as saying nothing so those are the
choices that the smart people are giving
the president two ways to lose I don't
think he likes that so instead of two
ways to lose
how about was something else how about
instead of two ways to lose we give them
a more productive path let me suggest
this suppose the president came out and
you know he has to say all the right
things about coming together that won't
work but he has to say them but that in
suppose he emphasized coming together
under interesting huh has anybody done
that before has any leader said look we
can't do a thing until we agree on the
data so let's agree on the data let's
put a whole bunch of work into gathering
as much data as we can about
institutional systemic racism regular
racism cops mistreating anybody every
cop incident let's get the let's get the
ethnicity let's get the city let's let's
study this thing up and here's why
that's important I think if we agreed on
the data the problem would go away now
not right away but if at least you if
you have the same data everybody would
be on the same page the problem is most
of the problems in life almost all of
our political problems they're all
because the data is bad and when I say
the data is bad I mean I when I say they
do they're gonna make it know somebody
said something here I want to get back
to the data is bad for climate science
the data is bad for the economy the
thing is bad for racism the data is bad
for who the police are stopping and
killing basically every big issue the
data's bad right can you think of
anything that Republicans and Democrats
disagree on in which we also agree on
the data I don't know there might be one
maybe maybe abortion because I think in
abortion we agree on the data you know
but but
then people disagree on whether it's a
good idea or not so but I would say in
general if you look at the things that
are most in the headlines recently it's
because we can't agree on the data so
could the president make any headway by
saying look let's just start where the
let's start where we all agree is there
anybody out there who doesn't think we
need to better understand the data when
it comes to racism you know raise your
hand if you don't want better data
nobody raises their hand so you find at
least this tiny little thing that you
all agree on we need better data and we
should put it all in one place or
everybody could look at it we'll be on
the same page so that's one thing the
president could do that I don't think
would get pushback study it and make
sure that there's some real effort and
muscle and and money behind really
understand theater in in all of its
complexity here's another thing the
president could do he could say as I've
been saying racism is the problem we
should do everything we can do to reduce
it you have to say that everybody agrees
with that but you have to also be
realistic
all right we're we're a certain type of
people we have pattern-recognition
brains you're never really gonna get rid
of it so you should in addition to
trying to stamp it down or tamp it down
to the smallest thing it could be it's
never gonna be zero but you want to get
a small that's good but in addition
there's an entire leaden tag lected area
which is learning how to deal with it
ideally you'd want to have none but you
can't get there I mean realistically you
can't really get there now all the way
to no racism
we're humans just not going to happen
but you can develop strategies that make
it so irrelevant that you barely notice
one of the strategies for example is
just having a better idea that let's say
if you're a young black person to know
that corporate America wants to hire you
strategically if you developed a skill
stack that aimed
or a corporate job your your odds of
success are basically a hundred percent
so would you still have racism probably
you know in your daily life probably but
would it stop your career nope your
career would do great racism isn't gonna
stop your career if you have the right
strategy if you have a talent stack that
there works so the president could tell
people to work on strategy and and
there's a lot that could be done there
you can also emphasize something I'm
going to be talking about in a minute a
be testing in other words the president
doesn't have to say this is a good idea
and this is a bad idea
the president can say we get a big
country let's test some stuff let's just
see what works who would be opposed to
testing some things small just try try a
town with no place just try it see what
happens
try police plus some other change try
mostly police but you've also funded
some other things just try some stuff
who's against that all right oh I'm if
all goes well I'll be on dr. carlson
tonight so if you want to see more of me
I guess there's a big move to cancel
Tucker for all the usual reasons that
the the left hates anybody and I guess
they're getting some success in getting
some of his advertisers to to pull back
so far Fox News is backing it as far as
I know now you know going on Tucker's
show at the moment when he's the the
focus of the entire country's at least
the left not the entire country but the
left entire focus of cancellation is
Tucker to go on his show you know simply
being on the show would be supportive of
course to go on his show at the very
moment the white-hot fire of
cancellation is on him
is of course career suicide on my part
which is what makes it attractive to me
I I don't know what's wrong with me I
swear to God I don't know what's wrong
with me but sometimes you need a little
danger in your life just to feel alive
do you ever have that feeling so you
really can't go through life with no
danger but everybody has their own
preferred kind of danger I'm not a big
fan of you know extreme sports and
physical danger because if you get that
wrong you're you're in big trouble but I
kinda like social danger not every kind
and not all the time
but now and then there are things that
are just so tantalizing and the the
thought of that I would increase my
chance of being canceled just by going
on Tucker's show that the sealed it for
me that I was going to go because I'm
turning down most things this summer
most most invitations to go on shows and
do interviews I'm going to start turning
down just because I have other things to
do but as soon as I realized that talker
is the focus of all this cancellation
energy I thought to myself you know I'd
like to be right in the middle of that
what is wrong with me
there's something wrong with it because
I want to be in the middle of that
because I want to I want to feel that
fire focused on me for a little while
just to feel something it's a weird
thing about humans that we we need we
need to quit the first time I ever heard
this was my philosophy instructor in
college and you talked about how if you
have a loose tooth you know when your
kid you're gonna lose a tooth if you
wiggle it around it hurts but what do
you do all day long if you have a loose
tooth you wiggle it around and it hurts
and then you keep wiggling it around and
it hurts and there's no nothing good
comes from it but it's one of those
things that sometimes you can't you just
can't help yourself you go toward pain I
don't know what this is about people
anyway so I'll be on that I don't know
the exact time because and it could
change those of you have been watching
me for a while you know when I go and
book tours I get booked on things and I
don't like to tell you
too far in advance does those things get
changed
half the time yeah they get changed so
often that you can never guarantee them
all right here's some other things that
the enemy of the people is telling you
so did it I guess the the Fed Chairman
Jerome Powell his remarks made the
market go down yesterday and by the way
you should always expect there's gonna
be a 5% pullback yeah anytime the market
goes up as much as it has there's pretty
much a guarantee that there'll be like a
5% pull back at least once probably more
than once today it's some of the
pullback was halved but you should
expect more of that this is normal stuff
I wouldn't worry about it at all so
they're reporting that the Federal
Reserve Chairman said that what everyone
already knew so according to see you
then this is what everyone already knew
so ask yourself if this is what you
already do that the global economy is in
a bad place and there won't be a quick
rebound now what did I tell you about
the psychology of economics now it is
true that the world economy took a big
hit so yes we do all know that but when
you're the head of the Federal Reserve
and you tell people that there won't be
a quick rebound
what does quick mean and why do you know
that you don't really know that what
would be more helpful is to be what
Trump is which is a cheerleader because
nobody knows if it's going to be good or
bad or how quickly it'll rebound nobody
knows so if you don't know the only
smart and responsible thing to say is
could be quicker than you think it could
be great because it's that optimism that
actually fuels it it's what makes it
actually capable of working so I would
say that the Federal Reserve chair
I would call that in the error because
given that he can't predict he shouldn't
and he can't predict how quickly the
rebound will happen
he can't nobody can has just
unpredictable so to make a prediction
about something that's unpredictable and
it's a prediction that hurts the outcome
well that's just a mistake now Trump
also can't predict because nobody can
know nobody knows where things are going
with the economy it's just true all the
time with everybody but Trump plays it
smart if you don't know where the
economy is going and you're a leader
headed the head of the National Reserve
you know or the fat I mean of course is
a leader of source you should talk in
optimistic terms even if you're not sure
cuz that's what leadership is this is
just a mistake in my opinion and I think
if if Trump were to call out Powell on
that I would agree that's just the error
that's just not doing a good job you
should be more optimistic here's
something that I wish I'd thought of
myself you know the the cop what's his
name shoving or whatever the cop who
killed George Floyd as was pointed out
by a Kevin or bennewitz on Twitter and
he said this he called him murder a cop
which i think is funny that the cop has
his own tag now did murder a cop have a
social media history or voting record I
feel like if he was a big Trump or Maggi
guy
CNN would have told us feels like a dog
not barking so from Sherlock Holmes the
dog that doesn't bark also tells you
something because it means there was
nobody in that area otherwise the dog
would have barked so the dog that's now
barking is that's a little suspicious
isn't it that we haven't heard anything
about the politics of this police
officer is accused when was the last
time somebody was accused of murdering a
black man and we didn't immediately find
out his politically
I'm watching the comments is blowing
your mind isn't it people are going oh
my god that's such a good point yeah
it's missing it's very missing is we
don't know the politics of the cop do
you assume that he is a trump supporter
because you probably did didn't you if
you're a racist you probably did but I
didn't I didn't assume it one way or
another I don't think I even thought of
it weirdly enough surprisingly I don't
think it ever came across my you know my
skeptical part of my brain but it's a
really good question wouldn't you like
to know his political leanings just a
little bit I think you would now I'd
love to know I mean wouldn't you love to
hear that let's say it turns out he is a
trump supporter how happy would you be
if it had not leaked because that's how
the system is supposed to work right if
it turns out he's a trump supporter and
I'm guessing he's not but if it turned
out that way wouldn't you be impressed
if that didn't leak all the way through
the trial I'd be really impressed
because I don't think there's a chance
that's gonna happen but that's the way
it's supposed to work so maybe maybe
we're seeing something really good
happening here which is a system working
the way it's supposed to work without
leaks but I doubt it but I doubt it
I'm wondering if the job of ambassador
to the autonomous zone in Seattle has
been taking because I think I would be
an excellent ambassador so I'd like to
put my hat in the ring there I hear the
autonomous zone is being described as
more like a block party atmosphere by
the the governor and of course others
including CNN are calling you the
terrorist atmosphere with a warlord the
warlord of course that's probably
overstatement of his actual roles but
the funniest thing about the the
autonomous zone is that it immediately
needed an armed
police force or if you don't think that
they gree that they need an armed
security force this this rapper named
Raz even if you think they don't agree
they need it they do agree that the guy
with the guns is the security force
right so I think they just learned that
if you have an area that doesn't have
guns it only takes one guy with a gun to
take over the area correct me if I'm
wrong but the people with guns are kind
of running the the autonomous zone
because of the people who don't have the
guns get into let's say a major
disagreement with the people who have
the guns which way do you think it's
gonna go who's gonna win the guns or the
no guns so I think there's a lesson
being learned there all right let me
tell you why I think everything let me
tell you why I think the protests have
been successful and things are better
than you think all right number one I
give the government's handling of the
protests and a plus that's not what you
think is it don't you think you're that
every every part of the government
messed up you think the mayor's blew it
you think the president should have been
more involved what's up with those
governors right because we're fed a
non-stop diet of our politicians messed
up and here you're always watching your
favorite news source and each new source
is picking on different politicians but
the the theme that overall is all the
politicians are doing everything wrong
all the time basically that was the
coverage let me tell you the opposite
view and why I would give all of the
politicians from mayor all the way
through a plus now I'm only talking
about how they handled the looting and
the protests right I'm not talking about
other policies so this is not an A plus
for all their performance it's not an A
plus for all the things they sad or
anything like that
just the outcome
what would have been the best outcome
from all of these protests and looters
well the best outcome is that the police
did not kill anybody else who didn't
deserve it you know wasn't wasn't part
of something that's legitimate
so the fact so here are the things that
I think you should look for for the
again the dog not barking the entire
protests in my opinion were a giant
provocation for the police in other
words the police the National Guard the
president all the politicians were being
pushed to overreact would you agree that
a major risk / even goal of some
percentage of the protesters not all of
them clearly but some percentage of the
protesters wanted a provocation and they
wanted an overreaction would you say
that that's true
did any of the governments give them an
overreaction no they really didn't so
you know like a whole bunch
I guess scores of police and see and
Secret Service at the White House were
injured and some of them badly injured
terrible injuries we're talking about
head injuries lots of them and with all
of that no overreaction anywhere no
overreaction anywhere not in a city not
well most of use in the cities but not
anywhere a plus if we you know we're not
done yet
right there could still be some some bad
stuff happening but we've gotten pretty
far into this we're a lot closer to the
end of least the street protest part of
it than we're at the beginning and I
don't think we messed up at all this is
one of the greatest success stories I've
ever seen I mean I am so impressed by
the restraint of everyone everyone not
only did the armed Americans in this
country not take out their weapons
oh they bought weapons they cleaned
weapons they loaded weapons they made
sure they knew where their weapons were
but they didn't use them didn't use them
you didn't see anybody shooting a
protestor and here's the weird part you
didn't see even the protesters arm
themselves and use the use the guns you
see people doing you know lots of things
for the for the cameras you know people
had guns hold guns but for the most part
were the most armed country in the world
and we chose not to use them
it's remarkable a level that I don't
think will ever be fully appreciated one
of the most remarkable human
accomplishments is that we just went
through the last couple of weeks not
done yet but it's looking good I think
we did something close to impossible
really
so a plus because I think there was a
strategy to it and I think the strategy
was perfect and the strategy was to
listen I think that happened I think the
entire country listened no question
about it and drain the energy out of us
slowly because I think there was an
understanding that there was an energy
problem just too much pent-up energy
years of you know grievances you know
that are real and I don't want to make
the mistake of some of them giving
somebody the chance to misinterpret this
the protest didn't happen because it was
warm it didn't happen because of the
coronavirus it didn't happen because of
the lockdown it didn't happen just
because of the video it needed all of
those things including the you know the
the history and and the grievances that
have built up all of it had to happen
the way it did but once it happened by
far the best strategy was to just hold
hold hold hold hold hold hold hold
there's no second part of the strategy
it's just a hold strap
and just drain the energy out of it
while respecting it respecting it's
pretty important because I think the
entire country respects at least the
point you know the the entire country is
at least on the page that you know we
also have the video of George Floyd
being killed I think every person of
every type had a horrified reaction in a
weird way it brought the country
together at least at least on that
limited question of whether that was at
a balance and so a plus every every
governor every mayor and the President
of the United States good job that was
it perfect no no nothing's perfect but
man really good alright I think that we
have reached a deeper understanding
we're not there yet a lot of work to be
done you know as I said understanding
what the systemic racism the thing is in
a way that white people could know what
the what the hell are you even talking
about would be a big step we're not
there but it looks like there is real
interest in getting there I have real
interest in getting there by the way
well you know I don't do this for jokes
I do it because I have a real interest I
would like to understand you know the
black experience better I would like
them to understand my experience better
that's all good so I would say that the
amount of focus that was put on the
question of racism a plus if I'm gonna
get if I'm going to grade the protesters
for getting attention a plus there's no
you can't you can't take that away from
them right but how about getting
something done that's practical I and
among I and many other people have noted
accurately that there's no unified set
of requests and I've said that it would
be a mistake to try to offer things
because then you're negotiating with
yourself that's a term of art for
negotiating and it's considered a
mistake
it's a negotiating mistake to say
alright alright you're not asking me for
anything in particular but what if I
gave you a million dollars and then
there's no response here's the mistake
okay okay you didn't respond to my
million dollars and you're not asking
for any particular mouth how about two
million that's the mistake you never
negotiate with yourself if you don't get
a counteroffer you stop you walk away
because that's not a negotiation so
since the protest was sort of a semi
spontaneous semi-organized at least in
small cells I guess you could call them
you know groups let's say it doesn't
have a unified leadership and so it
didn't have the capability of saying
okay here's our ten stuff ten ten things
but even though I criticized that as not
good negotiating look what's happening
if I'm being honest it's working because
you see new legislation being proposed
quite seriously Rand Paul just came out
on Twitter I think he's actually
sponsoring some or co-sponsoring some
legislation I don't know exactly his
involvement but he's supporting it for
getting rid of a no-knock warrants now I
didn't even know about no-knock warrants
even though that was a thing right did
you know that no-knock warrants were a
thing well if you were following you
know a specific case of racial injustice
as as many people believe it to be you
knew about it in that one case but I
think most of us are getting this new
understanding about what's this what's
that
what's a no-knock warrant because you
and I have never experienced a no-knock
warrant but apparently it could be
deadly if you're black you know more so
than you know other groups or so that is
the concern again if we had better data
we would know what is what is true and
what isn't but that's the concern now
and that's just Rand Paul now he's he is
more associated with the right of course
but on the Left they also have a number
of legislative things going through the
system so I forget everything that's on
Carla Harris is list
but there they all look pretty good to
me you know I'm no expert and I can't
tell you exactly what you do and do not
need in this realm but I looked at her
list of stuff and it was things like you
know training or national standards for
cops and there were things like you know
build a better database for police
incidents and I looked at the list and I
said reasonable you know I would want to
hear the experts away in those things
because I'm not but as a citizen I look
at the list and I think reasonable quite
reasonable now the whole defund the
police well I don't think you can take
that too seriously really you know
unless you're by didn't say I'm gonna
defund the police yeah
yeah I wouldn't take it too seriously I
think defund the police is turning into
Trump's plan of funding the police fully
but also there might be some other
things that are worth funding because
when the protesters say defund the
police it's not so much that they need
you know them to be defunded it's just a
conceptual thing to say that that money
could be maybe more productive in these
other areas of social concern if it
turns out that what happens is the
police are mostly funded except in some
places where they're experimenting
that's not bad if it turns out that some
things they should have been funded got
funded we'll see it could be good too
I'm actually completely in favor of the
autonomous zone I know I make fun of it
because it's just such a perfect fodder
for humor I mean it's got for God's
sakes it's got a a charismatic rapper
who has become a warlord and of course
when we say warlord that's a little bit
for humorous purposes he does have guns
and he does seem to be handling security
warlord is just a funny term for it but
it even though it's hilarious and funny
and it can't last forever because they
don't have a structure to support them I
would say that we're going to learn
something from this I think that the
that the
and the end product of this is we're
gonna learn something and what I say we
I don't mean you and I don't mean me I
mean the protesters I mean the
protesters are gonna learn something
from it don't you think they're gonna
have some fun because right now it's
just sort of fun but they do have to
worry about security they have started
in fighting because they don't have a
common enemy anymore
the common enemy was the police so
remember the government's did this
brilliant thing and I would say that
even the Seattle governor is playing
this brilliantly you know thanks idea
because I'll bet every one of you
disagrees with that statement the the
governor from Washington is playing it
brilliantly she's described it as closer
to a block party than than terrorism I
think she's three quarters right right
she's more right than wrong I would say
based on the pictures I've seen she is
more right than wrong but whether or not
it's fully a block party or there's
something to worry about also I think
the way she is trying to frame it is
perfection she's framing it as peaceful
which helps you treat it that way which
will let the energy just dissipate on
its own going in there hard with any
kind of force huge mistake huge mistake
now eventually they might need to send
in some kind of uniform to force to mop
up but I don't think the protests can
last that long meaning they need food
there they're not going to want to stay
there they want to go home to you know
they're gonna have to go home to see
their pets and stuff you just let the
energy die out and see what you learn
and I think people will learn that
running running their own they're
running their own autonomous zones not
so easy might be useful I would say that
the protests led to reopening the
country faster most of you would agree
right because it sort of made a joke of
the
thought that we shouldn't leave the
house the protesser just made a mockery
of the whole coronavirus medical
recommendation now part of it was luck
because the virus was starting to wind
down and we were getting smarter about
how to treat it and ventilators and all
that stuff so some of it was luck but I
think you would agree that the protests
that hastened the economic reopening in
a way that's irreversible well we're not
going to go back to lockup we're just
not so I mean that was an unintended
consequence and I think that the country
will be stronger once we've done through
all of this that's less to do with the
protests and more to do with just good
news because we shook the box and
basically everything and that kind of
energy and disruption in a country full
of entrepreneurs
you shouldn't lease just amazing amounts
of progress now let me tell you how we
can solve all this racism problem if we
wanted to solve problems but we don't
you know we don't when I say we I mean
not everyone you might want to solve a
problem I might want to solve a problem
but the leadership of groups that are
let's say active they don't necessarily
want to solve a problem because in
politics if you solve the problem you
have to find another job all right
maybe so politicians don't always want
to solve problems sometimes it benefits
them to keep that problem running a
little bit likewise the leaders of any
kind of provocative groups so the
leadership may be out of sync with the
people they're leading who might want
solutions leadership mmm it's a little
less less certain so but imagine if you
will there were no leadership and all
you wanted to do was solve problems what
would that look like
given that people have very different
views of the world
how could you solve it here's my take on
it I would say that if you looked at the
political left and the political right
that they focus in different places this
part I've told you before which is the
left seems to focus on the
and state they'd like equal justice and
equal pay and no bigotry free health
care and free college now they also
believe that there are systems that need
to be in place to get there but they
focus on the end state right so the
emphasis is on getting to this you know
more equal you know more moral place I
would say the political right also likes
all this stuff but doesn't it have again
it instead they say you know we don't
have again all that stuff you could talk
about it all day long but nobody knows
how to get there in a way that the math
works in the country would accept so
instead the best we can do is have these
systems that are equal for everybody as
best we can do it so the cause you have
to tweak these things to make sure
they're equal over time but the
constitutional laws and educational
system if the family process and even
mentoring are throwing that in there
because that's important so the let's
say these are systems but again both the
left and the right they both have goals
and they both think that you need a
system to get there it's just a
difference in emphasis there's more
emphasis on goals on this side and more
emphasis on process and systems with
less emphasis on the outcomes because
who can guarantee you an outcome
nobody can guarantee you an outcome but
we can work really hard to make sure
that everybody's got the same your rules
in the same game so given this situation
how would you solve it well if there
were no politics and there were no
leaders it's kind of easy this would be
really easy to solve if there were no
political leaders I mean really easy
there because there's no problem here in
the first place here's why the solution
is real easy
number one you agree on the aspirations
let's call them goals is there any is
there anybody on the right who if it
were free would not want everybody to
have health care if it's free like it's
not free but imagine imagine if you know
or magic let's say magic exists hey
magic exists and you go to a Republican
hey we just discovered the magic exists
and we can give everybody health care
for free are you in
is there any Republican who would say no
no even though it's magic and it's not
going to cost me anything it's not going
to cost anybody anything and there's no
downside I don't want other people to
have health care said nobody said nobody
right if it were free yeah everybody be
on the same page so given that you've
got these two points of view I think we
could agree on the aspirations there's
no Republican who would not agree if
there if we had a way to get there we
don't but if we had a way they'd get
there I'd like all of this stuff so you
could agree in the aspirations no
problem I think you could get there you
could also agree on the metrics in other
words what are you measuring to know if
you've got a problem and what are you
measuring to know if what you're doing
is working well that would be easy do
you think anybody would disagree on the
the concept of of coming together over
what you're measuring to know if it
works I think you could make you could
get together on that that's not a
problem
then then here's the part that's the the
heart of it making a/b testing more
common now a B testing is literally just
testing something small and see if it
works and if it works you do more of
that and if it doesn't work you try
something else and then you just keep
testing but it's a continuous testing
situation why do I like the autonomous
zone in Seattle because it's a test it's
a test we're gonna learn something about
the AutoZone we don't know a lot but
we're definitely gonna learn something
now it's not the kind of eight to be
testing I'm talking about because if you
do it right you plan it so it could be
more lasting and you do your best job of
planning it the Seattle or autonomous
zone was not planned and therefore it
doesn't have any structure to support it
so we kind of know where it's going to
end up you know in the long run
it's gonna be dismantled but we're gonna
learn a lot and I think that genuinely
it's going to be useful and then once
you've learned something for your
testing you revised your systems so
suppose suppose we get an idea from this
autonomous zone and somebody says you
know the biggest problem is you didn't
plan it
and also that it belonged to somebody
else that's a pretty big problem that
that zone that they've occupied that
belongs to other people so that's a
problem so but supposedly said hey maybe
maybe we just need two systems within
one country would it be a problem for
you you personally would you have a
problem if somebody said hey we found
some private funding and we and we found
some land for sale we'd like to build a
little experiment here in the middle of
Idaho or doesn't matter we're just find
some friendly place saying we're gonna
build this thing we're gonna try to do
an experiment for a few years with
private money and we're gonna try no
cops so that's part of the experiment no
police we're gonna try to build a place
that's really inexpensive so you don't
have to be a millionaire and and we'll
make sure everybody's trained and
educated we'll have some kind of health
care so in other words we're just test
something see if it works whatever we
learn from that will become the next
test or maybe legislation so if you had
no politicians it would be easy to merge
these because there are two halves of
the whole having goals without good
systems is useless because you can't get
to your goal having systems with no
aspirations or no end state that you're
trying to get to borders are they moral
that's not the intention I mean there's
nobody on the right who's trying to do
anything immoral nobody thinks of it
that way but if you have processes that
don't have a pretty distinct end state
of mind that's better for everybody if
you're not heading toward something good
what are you doing
you have to add these together to have
anything so if we didn't have leaders we
would just add those things together we
would agree that we don't know as much
as we think we know about anything so we
would just test them
somebody says next time communism will
work I tell you it hasn't ever been
tried so everybody who takes a good idea
and then exaggerated into a stupid one
to make a point is really just
surrendering all right so so whoever
said that you just surrendered your
point because if you have to take a good
suggestion and turn it into something
stupid just to criticize it then you've
accepted that there wasn't enough to
criticize of the idea itself so I don't
believe anybody has suggested communism
I haven't heard that suggestion I've
heard socialism if you think they're the
same again same problem you've you've
you've surrendered if you're gonna call
communism and socialism the same thing
well you've surrendered because if you
can't criticize socialism on its own
without turning it into some other thing
called communism so you can criticize it
well you've you've surrendered you've
said there's nothing to criticize with
socialism otherwise you would just
criticize it you wouldn't have to turn
it into something else all right
people are giving me examples of other
countries that have already tried things
again let me say this as clearly as
possible if somebody wanted to try
something in just a small community and
it wasn't your money why would you
object I know you say you don't think
the experiment would work if it let's
say it's too heavily socialist I hear
you but you also hear that other people
think it might right so all that I need
to convince you is that there are people
have different opinions that's all if
people have different opinions and it
can be tested and it doesn't
you anything you personally no risk why
not why not all right
the US has never had socialism the u.s.
is a socialist country we have lots of
socialism we just do it in a you know
specific way are you talking about Chaz
with Tucker tonight well I don't know
yet
so the way the process usually works is
so people would go on TV a lot does such
as myself know this process so sometime
today
a producer for Tucker show will probably
contact me and say the topics we want to
talk about are you know maybe three
questions now even if we talk about that
topic the host will usually change the
questions so so even if I know the
questions in advance it's pretty rare to
be asked exactly that question usually
you know the the more talented hosts are
going to put their own spin on the
question which is fine so you can never
be completely prepared because you don't
know what the host is gonna you know
improvise also that list of let's say
three things that you might talk about
on the show gets revised every hour
until the show typically because they're
always looking at the the hottest news
and saying okay okay we're gonna drop
this third one because something just
happened we'll throw that on top but the
other two are still there and then by
the time you get to the show
who knows yeah there's so much happened
in one day that you don't know all right
let me just make sure I get all my
points Oh Microsoft just announced it
will not sell facial recognition
technology to the police I don't know
how they're gonna get away with that how
in the world do you get away with just
denying selling something to the police
if it's a tool and what exactly does
facial
recognition do that is so evil we're
going to be talking a lot more about
that and I'll tell you why so I'll have
an announcement in that in that zone
then I'll be talking to you about later
so so wait for that all right I think I
hit all my oh let's talk about the
statues I'm completely in favor of
getting rid of all the racist statues
I've told you that before I'd get rid of
Columbus I'd get rid of all the slave
owners I'd get rid of all the
Confederate generals now I know you
disagree and I respect that
so I want you to know that if you would
like to keep all those statues and the
reason that you'd like to keep them is
that you understand that they offend
some people but you think they have
historical value and that and that that
context can be maintained that's a very
respectable opinion but it is
nonetheless a fact there's something
like half of the country is offended by
it and for me they're just decorations
and if your decorations are offending
you know a quarter of your guests or
half of your guests you don't need a
better reason I'm not going to I'm not
going to reason through the logic of it
and the Constitution my rights and the
laws I'm not going to talk about the
details in it if half the country is
offended by it and it's basically a
declaration because the history is in
the history books you know I don't know
anybody who learned history from a
statue in my whole life I've never heard
anybody as well I didn't go to school
but I did a tour of statues so I got the
same education I wouldn't worry about
losing history because you lost a
decoration it doesn't work that way
yeah Columbus was a huge racist it was
one of the biggest ones and if you don't
know that just just google it maybe a
lot of people don't understand that
basically Columbus was he was basically
Hitler you know it wasn't far off
Hitler literally you know if you if you
google it you'll find out yourself so I
think that I think it's healthy for a
country to reboot and refresh and I
don't think there's anything wrong with
looking at our historical founders and
their full context and if we don't want
to promote people who were half awesome
and half horrible we don't have to why
bother
so so I say you know if somebody wants
to protect the statues and you know to
handle them differently I completely
respect that I just think it might this
is this has this isn't even a policy
decision let me put it in let me put it
in personal terms as a policy decision I
don't know I'm not really that
interested as a personal decision of a
citizen who lives in the country I
personally choose not to offend other
citizens of my country deeply offend
them over something that's not important
to me
so it's that that's like a personal
decision in terms of policy well that
gets into free speech and bigger things
and frankly I'm not that interested but
if you want to know what I think about
it personally I wouldn't use I wouldn't
offend anybody for no reason so that's
me that's all for me and I'll talk to
you tomorrow