Oh Annie
John come on in here Nicole it's good to
see you or it's good to see your name go
bye virus Joe always a pleasure
Andrew good to see you alright so I
can't tell you that I have something
exactly you planned for this periscope I
just wanted to share it so I'm only here
to share the moment so that those of you
watch my periscopes can can come in and
just just experience the moment just
sort of enjoy it now the thing we don't
know and I feel a little anxious about
the fact that we don't know exactly
what's in the model report so maybe
there's something bad in there but the
indications that there's not anything
bad in there goes like this
number one CNN is really depressed today
and I'm gonna do a thing where i'm gonna
play whatever CNN clip is playing at the
moment and i want you to see how sad
they sound all right this is unplanned
and i'm just going to turn on CNN and i
want you to just hear the the sadness
whoever's talking i don't know i don't
know that was wolf he's no good i want
to pundit so the the on-air
personalities will will be a little bit
more like they always are they're
professionals
but the pundits you you just gotta
listen to the pundits so we'll wait for
the way for a pundit to come here eight
members of congress what happened now
they're mainly a sweat subset of
information that they is it just me or
it is
Schiff not sound as happy as normally
you would be on a Friday afternoon is it
just me or is Adam Schiff
a little bit sad that the President of
the United States is not a Russian spy
he seems so sad that the president the
commander in chief is not a Russian
puppet he feels so bad poor Adam so the
other indication we have that there will
not be a problem for the President and
say he's already said he wants to
release it now it might not get fully
released but he he says so and he
probably wouldn't want to say that as
clearly if he thought there was
something bad in there so probably
they've signaled to him
there is no big deal next we have the
information that Bill Barr who just got
the report the Attorney General is
saying that he might release at least a
summary of the findings as soon as this
weekend do you think there's any chance
he would have said that if it was a
problem I think if any of it looked
sketchy he would have said gotta give me
some time I'm not quite sure how this is
gonna go gotta show it to the
president's lawyers they might take some
executive privilege got it right up my
summary give me some time that's what
you would say if there was some bad news
in there
good news given the you know he's on
Team Trump Accession essential he you
know being a Republican type good news
travels fast so the fact that he wants
to do it quickly doesn't guarantee it's
good news for the president but it's a
strong implication so now that none of
these the individual hints are
guarantees but they all are pointing in
the same direction including the sadness
that we hear from the Democrats
now as Mike sort of it's just tweeted
very recently two of the biggest hoaxes
let's say or fake news whatever you want
to call it the fake news or hoax - the
biggest and most dangerous ones in the
history of the Republic were the weapons
of mass destruction I mean look how many
people died look with that cost and then
the Russia collision
who was a principal character behind
both of those John McCain John McCain
was a principal figure behind the two
most damaging hoaxes in all of history
and I never I never made that connection
that was Mike sort of tweet that
was it was like a slap in the face to me
to me that makes it okay to say anything
you want about a man to me you know that
I'd say the seal is broken
war hero sure he can keep that but he
owns the two biggest disgraces and lasts
I don't know 30 years whatever it says
so those are his now Scott always in
spin mode have I said anything that
isn't true you know if I say something
that isn't true you should call me out
so now the other thing I'm watching is
watching CNN try to turn this into well
we told you all along there was
something here even though there isn't
so they've got several lines of attack
that they're sort of a/b testing live
one of those lines of attack is that
sure you showed us Muller's report but
you didn't show me the raw evidence that
Muller looked at and Adam Schiff just
before I came on was trying to explain
why in this case they should see the raw
evidence when normally that would not be
the case
and Schiff said well it could be that
there's something that didn't rise to
the level of being illegal but the
problems the president still did it and
it's bad to which I say the president is
still a citizen of the United States all
right you got to draw a line somewhere
yes the president is a public figure and
nobody is above the law and nobody would
claim that should be the case
but is it also the case that he's not
below the law the president doesn't get
treated worse than other people under
the law that's not acceptable
and would you want to be the subject of
a criminal investigation and you know
technically this wasn't a criminal
investigation would you want to be the
subject of an investigation the
conclusion is that you've done nothing
wrong and then your critics get to see
all of the evidence because you know if
unskilled people dig through the
evidence they're going to imagine they
found all kinds of crimes that Muller
being an expert said no that's not a
crime that's not a crime that's out of
context so if you wouldn't want that to
happen to you and I sure wouldn't want
it to happen to me you should not want
that to happen to anybody you shouldn't
want to tap into the President or
anybody else now the other thing that
CNN is is trying out is the old well
what about those was it 16 people who
got indicted for lying to investigators
at cetera lying to Congress so they keep
trying to say some version of this well
you can't say them the Muller thing was
a failure because they went out to hunt
an elephant and they shot 16 squirrels
you can't tell me that an elephant hunt
is unsuccessful when I've shot 16
squirrels do you see the number of
squirrels
I shot don't tell me this was an envoy
yes yes we marketed it as a an elephant
hunt
we brought an elephant gun we plan to
shoot an elephant we really really hoped
we were gonna get an elephant but don't
tell me we're not successful because
look at the number of squirrels we shot
instead that my friends is success
so they're trying that out then they're
also trying out thee if we don't have
the raw evidence then you know how can
we really know what happened oh and
they're also trying out the the trumpet
did not personally go in for an
interview so their best attack so far is
that the president did not agree to a
perjury trap he didn't agree to a
perjury trap that's the worst thing they
have on him and in given that 16
squirrels got killed in the elephant
hunt because they all fell into a
perjury trap how many of them were smart
well just the elephant the squirrels all
fell in the elephant trap if you know
what I mean but the elephant know the
elephant did not go into the trap the
elephant said you can't make me and then
he didn't go now I have to give some
kudos again this is premature but it's
starting to look like this would be the
case some kudos to the president's legal
team now I don't know if they did things
wrong but by keeping him from you know
preventing him from from going in for an
interview it was certainly right and
they did get away with yeah they were
very patient
they just kept chicken you know chipping
away they were running out the clock I
think you have to admit that the
president's legal team was running out
the clock because I knew that Muller
couldn't just do Muller things forever
you know everything's got a end
so the longer they resisted the more
likely Muller was going to say I can't
wait forever I can't make you do it
so I think they just ran out the clock
down Mahler which you would have to say
it was a good lawyer it was exactly the
right strategy which apparently and
again you know we're looking at it from
the outside so we might be missing some
of the important context here but it
looks like it looks like the president's
legal counsel brought it home for him
but we'll see all right yeah there was
no collusion the other thing I expect to
hear is when there's no finding of
collusion people are gonna say I told
you there would be no finding of
collusion because that's not even a
crime people will continue to say yes
but although there was no crime and
there was no collusion the president
obstructed with the injustice so in
other words the treating this treating
the situation as if there had been
Russian collusion was really based on an
injustice the injustice being the steel
dossier so what the president did was if
anything he obstructed injustice now we
know that because Muller has already
ruled we think again getting ahead of
myself but assuming there's no collusion
he would have ruled in that case that
that there's no crime so there was no
justice to be had so if you obstruct
injustice is that a crime I suppose it
would be all right yeah the FISA
warrants I don't know if those would be
released that's a good question yeah
they're going to point to the New York
Southern District but I think we would
have seen indictments right if there
were if anything was going to be in an
indictment wouldn't we
them when we yeah if if any of that
really mattered I heard was it Preet
Bharara talking about how if all they
have is the Cohen stuff might be a fine
that's it you know if everything that
they think they know about the Cohen
payments to stormy Daniels are true if
all of the facts are true it might be a
flying business as usual so I could not
even watch Fox News where this news came
out because you know Fox News is just
gonna be happy and you know it told you
so and that's you know you it's gonna be
a little predictable but watching CNN
deal with their cognitive dissonance is
amazing because this week alone they
lost Russian collusion they probably
came pretty close to losing the fine
people false memory and things are going
pretty well for the president so I would
like to introduce to you a new new
prediction mechanism that I'm going to
be using for 2020 all right I call it
the slaughter meter the slaughter meter
so it's not an opinion poll it's my
prediction of what the election would
look like if we if all the variables we
see now continue in a straight line so
in other words if we froze all the
variables today and just you know fast
forward two years you'd have a super
strong economy because remember we're
freezing all the variables super strong
economy North Korea would be you know
obeying better than they have been
before Isis has been the Democrats don't
have anybody with any charisma
whatsoever it looks like their best plan
and the Democrat side is to nominate to
try to get rid of Trump who they would
consider an
old white male their strategy is to
nominate an even older whiter male so
they have the worst strategy I've ever
seen and they're gonna completely savage
each other until whoever's left will be
you know a walking husk of a person
which trump will finish off much he will
finish off I was going to say something
terrible but I'm not going to but would
be very funny only to me mostly so
here's my current prediction which will
be updated periodically between now and
2020 the slaughter meter is pinned we
are at maximum slaughter if no variables
changed in other words if the Russian
collusion turns out to be the nothing we
think the economy is good the yeah you
name it you just couldn't right down the
line if all of that sticks the worst
thing that they're gonna say about the
president is that frickin John McCain
vote prevented him from maybe doing
something good with health care so right
now he is in complete slaughter
territory now the odds of things staying
the same and all of the the variables
stay the same between now and 2020 and
the election is very low so don't make
too much of the slaughter meter right
the slaughter meter is unrealistic by
design it's just telling you that if
nothing changed it would be a slaughter
the the funniest thing is watching the
polls they say well here's very
important for you by the way you're
probably saying to yourself but how does
that track with the fact that every
single Democrat seems to be trump in a
in a one-on-one according to the polls
like how could that be possible at the
same time but he's heading toward a
slaughter
and here's how it's possible if you're
saying would X whatever Democratic
line up against trunk you're not really
comparing those two people it feels like
you are cuz they saying consider Biden
with Trump you know who do you like vote
for one of them it feels like you're
comparing those two people but you're
not because in those situations people
know that there is not yet a real
Democrat who's been nominated so their
idea of the Democrat even if you put a
specific name even if you say what if
it's Biden what if it's burning you what
if it's come on even if you put a
specific name in there they're still
thinking how do I like my ideal Democrat
versus this this bastard Trump and as
long as they're thinking about their
ideal Democrat that ideal Democrat is
awesome the person who's potentially a
candidate against Trump has no flaws
they're great but what happens when it
turns into a real person by the time
it's a real person you're gonna have to
compare the real person not your magical
notion of what a great candidate would
be but a real beaten up flawed person so
I think you poll you see today is just
sort of a wishful thinking poll about a
perfect candidate versus this damn Trump
guy you know so I wouldn't worry about
the polls too much today
now here's my prediction about this
whole Russia collusion thing I assume
that the results will come out and if
things go the way it looks so go there
will be not much of any kind of a
finding there would be too damaging to
the president and I predict that the
national polls about whether or not
Trump colluded with Russia will not
change more than 10 basis points so
right now probably I'm just guessing
that the country is probably split about
evenly you know the Republicans say you
didn't glue the the Democrats say oh
definitely occluded
once we have Muller's report if this
were a rational world
90% of the world on you know both sides
would agree with whatever Muller came up
with because they'd say well he looked
into it I mean he had every tool of
investigation he looked into it and if
he didn't find anything that reaches the
standard that we should be worried about
I changed my mind I used to be worried
but now the new data has come in I
changed my mind based on logic and
fairness and new data but you're not
going to see anything like that you're
going to see the Democrats just as
convinced that the collusion happened
give give or take you know five to ten
basis points so it might go from 50 to
40 but you're not going to see it go
down to 10% which it would would if we
were a rational species so this will be
another one of those cases where you can
you can predict and oh by the way I
always tell you that if your filter on
the world predicts well then it's a good
filter my filter says people are immune
to data and facts so that the vast
majority of them will not change the
mind even when the data changes alright
I am going o to mer Schumer's speaking
oh we've got a sea droopy dog let's see
give me a second the integrity apart
democracy itself whether foreign powers
corruptly interfere in our elections and
whether unlawful means were used all
right I don't want to play too much for
copyright reasons but in my title for
this periscope I said that the witch
hunt has evolved to an if hunt and
schumer was demonstrating that so here's
how the if hunt goes there's no evidence
that the president did anything bad so
they'll say if there's evidence that we
don't have and if it shows that the
president had an affair with Putin and
if as a result of that affair
Putin is blackmailing the president
that were in a lot of trouble and if the
president secretly has a deal with
Russia and if we don't get to see all
the data in the in the report the molar
report and if something is incomplete
and if the president had actually gone
in and talked to mother in person
instead of giving written lessons and if
all those things happened that's a
problem that's the problem if all of
those things happened and so you listen
to all this and you come away thinking
well that's a lot of accusations about
the president now there's a lot of
accusations if so so you end up you end
up after after the if hunt you end up
walk away having this bad feeling about
the president because so many bad things
were just sort of mentioned well if
Chuck Schumer is having an affair with
his dog and if the dog is not a willing
participant and if the dog is tidy let's
say a chihuahua and if that tiny
Chihuahua is injured with the sex he's
having with Chuck Schumer and if we find
out about it Chuck Schumer is in a lot
of trouble what do you say did I say
anything here that is not the truth if
he's having sex with his dog if the dog
is a chihuahua if bowler is injuring him
also he's a bad guy
I'm not saying anybody suggest as he's
done any of those things I'm not
suggesting it I'm just saying that if he
has and if there was a report on it and
if somebody produced a video of it and
if there are witnesses how bad would
that be I mean that would be bad we
certainly hope nothing like that happens
and there's no evidence of this let me
be very clear there is no evidence
whatsoever that I'm aware of but that
doesn't mean somebody else isn't aware
because if someone else
aware of it and if he had sex with his
dog and if it was a chihuahua and if he
heard it pretty bad pretty pet that's
bad
alright I just have to come on here and
enjoy the moment with you keep watching
the news have a fun time I'll talk to
you later