stocks are down a little bit but nobody
really cares about the day before the
weekend of Christmas week that doesn't
even
count let's find my comments make sure
these are
working
perfect everything's going my way today
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I'll
bet you've never had a better time but
if you'd like to take this experience up
to levels that no one can under even
comprehend with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need is a cuper muger a
glass of tanker Chell suin of canteen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine H the
day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous
Z oh so
good well I wonder if I'll have a new
study that says that coffee is good for
your health H checking notes oh yeah
there is there's a new study it says
that uh coffee consumption
can improve the gut bacteria and reduces
your cancer risk it strengthens your
immune system and reduces your
inflammation according to nutrition
insight and uh you know this of course
I'm a professional
humorist so suddenly I'm wondering
about you know I'm not but I'm not a
Biblical scholar so there's some things
I don't know about but I wonder if back
in Jesus's time
do you think he ever do do you think he
ever just said uh well I think I can
cure your leprosy boom and he'd use his
Heavenly Powers but what if somebody had
a smaller problem they're like hey I've
got this little got a little
inflammation in my back did Jesus also
use his Heavenly powers or did he say
let just have a coffee why don't you
come have a coffee with me you'll be
fine that's just something I wonder as a
professional writer all right so if you
haven't bought your Dilbert calendar
yet um you could probably still get it
around the first week of January which
is almost just as
good
um I'm I'm I I guess I should tell you
this it wouldn't be fair to tell you
this I I just
realized probably at some point in
January is if not before the the annual
Dilbert calendar the little page day
calendar that you can only buy on
dilbert.com by the way there's no other
source go to dilbert.com and see the the
link but if you were to get it the
sometime in January it's probably going
to be 10% cheaper so we haven't lowered
the price because it's just there's a a
technical uh question about just how
long that takes or if that's easy or
hard but uh probably soon if you want to
wait till next
week probably 10% cheaper but I can't
guarantee
it it would make
sense uh meanwhile um you you probably
know that I still produced Dilbert
Dilbert reborn it's called and only the
subscribers to me on X and also on the
locals platform get to see it but I
publish in both places the new one for
the day which in this case is about
Dilbert's company shutting down their
Dei
group um but then I also checked the one
that was 10 years ago cuz I put that on
a I put that on a digital calendar which
has nothing to do with the paper
calendar and today is one of those days
where both the 10 year ago comic and the
one I wrote for today are really
funny yeah sometimes I'll look at the
two of them and I'll say oh the calendar
was better than today's comic or or the
comic is better than the calendar was
which was would have been 10 years ago
uh but today they're they're both
they're both right on point so check
that
out um you may have seen a video of AA
Harris uh praising the wonders of Quanza
and how much she enjoyed celebrating as
a young person now of course everybody's
mocking her for various different things
but I'll just point out one thing if you
turn off the sound and you just look at
her she looks really high
yeah if she's not drunk or totally
inated in that video I don't know how
you'd explain her face you know I can't
even do an impression of it it's
something you would have to be on drugs
to even make that face I've never seen
anybody who wasn't on drugs Who had who
had any kind of mannerisms like that so
I think we dodged a bullet there
meanwhile over in Chicago where you
thought Chicago was totally lost the end
woke
account tells us that arrests are way up
so shoplifting and
theft may be finally not legal um so why
why is suddenly a big Improvement in
Chicago Well turns out that that Soros
funded da Kim Fox is out and there's
some new DA in and the new DEA wants to
actually make crime illegal I guess so
felony theft charges are have surged by
154% just this month after O'Neal Burke
took over
so here's my
question uh I of course am completely in
favor of you know improving the the laws
and the enforcement in in the big cities
right because it's a problem everywhere
so I'm totally in favor of this but
there's a there is a question that pops
up that I feel like we need to be
adult about and it goes like this you
probably saw a video it was kind of
viral of two young uh black women I
don't know if they were over 18 but they
were somewhere in that age range and
they were casually doing some
shoplifting at some you know box store
and they were they were captured at the
uh the exit and they were putting
handcuffs and they were acting
surprised and there was a video of them
talking to each other in the back of the
squad car where where they're saying
it's it's illegal now like they didn't
know that the law that you know that
there been a change in society and that
the the enforcement would be um
aggressive and I get that not everybody
follows the news and certainly not
everybody follows the political news so
if you're a young person did you really
know I mean seriously was there any way
you would know that the situation had
changed from there's no real risk to
you're going to
jail now here's where it gets tricky
again I'm going to tell you I'm
completely in favor of the new
enforcement so don't don't interpret
this as softening my stance completely
in favor of it but I'm going to ask you
this question just as a human stepping
outside
of just the political or the legal or
the how do you save the city those are
all important and they're more important
than what I'm going to say next but I
feel like it's
necessary those cities created an
attractive
nuisance do do you know what that means
an attractive nuisance in other words by
making it legal to shoplift they
essentially encouraged it would you
agree here's some free stuff there's no
penalty and then word gets around and
people are taking advantage of the free
stuff with no penalty yes they need to
go to jail remember I'm not arguing
against
it but does that seem fair to you now
remember I always make fun of fairness
because fairness is uh what I say was
invented so children and idiots could
have conversations with each other um
fairness isn't a real thing but
sometimes there are things that just
strike you as a human H here's what I
think I think if you pick up a
18-year-old who has no criminal record
who did not know that this was now more
criminalized it was always illegal but
it's more criminalized if they didn't
know I would blame the city for creating
an attractive Hazard the attractive
Hazard was the city itself had basically
said come steal our and so when two
18-year-old young women went to do
exactly that the rules had
changed honestly I'd let him go I'd let
him go because I would blame the City
for putting them in a situation where
they were attracted to Crime your city
should be pushing you from crime if the
city spent one minute making
crime attractive which they did for a
lot longer than a
minute I feel like there needs to be
some kind of um some kind of period
of
forgiveness so arresting them and
putting them in handcuffs and putting
them in the back of the squad car 100%
on board
100% but once they enter the legal
system I would like to hear their
lawyers say your honor this this law
only recently changed the city had
created an attractive Hazard um I think
that has to be taken into account and I
would love the judge to say ladies if
you do that again you're going straight
to
jail but your defense has a a reasonable
argument that reasonable people can
agree on
I wasn't comfortable putting them in
jail once the city had set them up I'm
not for
that but again we we have to have laws
and they have to be
enforced um apparently online there's a
debate between uh representative
krenshaw and a popular ex
personality cat turd now apparently Cat
turd's made some claims about crenchaw
and crenchaw said that claims are fake
and suggested they would sue them um
some of you are taking sides you don't
like Keno's views on war and there was
something else you mentioned um so you
didn't like some of his policies and I
get that um I would just uh note that if
you're trying to figure out who's the
bad guy in this
situation um cat turd lied about me in
public cat turd went after my reputation
with lies well or maybe just wrong I
can't tell if he was just stupid or or
wrong but I blocked him a long time ago
because he's not a good guy and he's not
smart he's entertaining he's very
entertaining but he's not a good guy
he's not smart just just make sure you
know that because he's a public figure
and it's fair to just know who you're
dealing with so I'm not going to take
sides on this because I don't know
exactly the issue but I'll tell you that
cat turd is not a good guy I I don't
consider him a good guy he's
entertaining so if you're following him
for the entertainment
sure uh Jonathan Turley is writing today
about uh big win for free speech so
there was this doctor um Dr Tara
gustillo so she won a big free speech
appell at court Victory against her
health care System where she worked so
she was removed from her position after
she criti ized black lives matter
critical race Theory and some parts of
the co
narrative just free speech she just
criticized those things and she got
fired and that was reversed now here's
here's the
payoff if I told you that there was
somebody who got fired for criticizing
black lives matter critical race Theory
and Co aren't you thinking to
yourself uh sounds like some basic white
concern
ative here here's what we know about
this Filipina American doctor so first
of all Filipina second of all she had a
Stella record she raised black children
oh wait
what if somebody who raises black
children criticizes black lives matter
and you're canceling
her
what what that's pretty that's pretty
extreme I mean I don't know how much the
each of these things figured into it but
uh and apparently she credited with
according to Jonathan Charley she's
credited with creating a program to
reflect cultural differences in birthing
practices to better serve her diverse
patients now you know I'm not the woke
guy but isn't that like a really good
piece of work changing the um the
birthing practices so they take into
account any uh cultural
differences now to me that's just good
that's all good right you know I get the
argument you don't want the country
overrun with new cultures and stuff but
if you're dealing with real human beings
and real medical situations in America
yes their their specific cultural
situation should be accounted for and
then apparently she argued that her
colleagues turned it into a program for
quote racially segregated care which was
not the
idea that's not the idea you're I mean
that's completely ruining the
idea and objected to certain Orthodoxy
over RAC essential views so Dr Tara
gtill sounds like one of the best human
beings I've ever
heard like from top to
bottom and uh she
won sometimes good people
win um Argentina
their new president
M um he announced something that
confused me so I I spread some fake news
that I quickly deleted after I found out
but uh somebody somebody summarized the
news in a way that was misleading and it
fooled me but uh said M has announced
that he's abolished over 90% of
Argentina's
taxes now I thought that that meant he
got rid of 90% of Argent
taxes but apparently getting rid of 90%
of Argentina's taxes what it really
means is sources of taxes it's not 90%
of the taxes it's 90% of the sources of
Taxation so apparently they got taxed
for just about everything they did he
thinks he can get it down to six kinds
of taxes which would be good but I'm
going to go on
record uh just so I've said
it this argen a miracle does not look
real to
me it it's it's pinging every one of my
warning flags warning warning this story
might be a little bit too
hyperbolic because it looks a little
too magically
successful the real world is way messier
than this sounds I mean you know if you
come in and you make these major
structural changes I do believe that the
kinds of changes he's making will set up
Argentina for a very bright future so I
do believe it's all good I don't believe
that it's all good so fast it's the so
fast part that I'm like really on the
other hand so we'll we'll argue both
sides of this if I were the person
transforming the country and and part of
My Success depended on people thinking I
could do that and I could do more I
probably would exaggerate My Success
early and I'd tell everybody ah it's
it's working it's working like crazy
it's so fast I'll do more of it so on
one hand I don't mind I mean it seems a
a functional bit of marketing if you say
you're doing a little bit better than
you are I just feel like if he can get
everything good without any notable
negatives that would be the first time
in history anybody did it like hey maybe
you never know
anything's possible I'm rooting for him
and I think everything he's doing makes
sense I'm just think maybe we're getting
ahead of ahead of ourselves on on the
actual produced
results just a hunch well meanwhile the
conversation about Trump wanting to buy
Canada has uh has created uh little
attention by Kevin oir he's one of the
Shark Tank stars but better known as
being one of the more successful
investors uh and he's Canadian and he
says that there's actually interest in
Canada in merging with the United States
now he just means conversationally not
in the government government is probably
100% against it but he thinks he wants
to try to sell
it so he wants to see if he can pitch it
and maybe uh broker a deal with Trump
and some kind and form some kind of what
he calls an economic
Union um so an economic Union would not
be you know merger so they'd still have
some some you know regular government I
guess but uh yeah maybe I I don't know
what he has in mind but he is a serious
person who wants what's best for both
countries and probably has a good idea
what would get us there so if Kevin o is
weighing in I feel like I feel like
Kevin o is in that category of the
pirate
ship so not only did Trump attract
people who used to be
Democrats or still are
Democrats but he also got a
Canadian he got a Canadian like like the
the Trump effect is so strong that
there's somebody you know actually I
don't know his I don't know his uh
current nationality so he I don't know
if he he's probably still a Canadian
citizen I think
yeah he's called the Canadian investor
um but I just love the fact that the the
the incoming Trump Administration seems
solid enough and capable
enough that somebody like Kevin olir
would say let me spend a bunch of time
seeing if I can get this very big thing
done that might be great for both
countries just people volunteering it's
like Doge right it's like people
volunteering to put their own lives on
hold really good lives like we're
talking about people who could just go
to the beach all day if they wanted to
and theyve decided to sacrifice for some
kind of national or double National
benefit I just appreciate it so I'm just
going to give a shout out to cavan oiry
for putting his risk Capital out there
in favor of two Nations that need a
little help
thanks well there's a new update in New
York Post of course we'll talk about the
foreign worker thing just waiting for
people to stream in so we can hit that
when we're all we're all here at the
same time um apparently the uh
intelligence spy bosses they they
silenced the defense department back
when the covid leak was still being
discussed and people were saying is it a
lab leak or is it a natural thing and
apparently the defense department had
good evidence it was a designed
designed thing in the lab and the Spy
bosses decided to take that out of the
briefing so that Biden did not
hear that it came from a
lab what would you do with a spy Chief
who was hiding the most Vital
Information from the commanderin-chief
now I don't think it's IL legal but you
should never work in that job again
anybody who's hiding the most important
information from the president while
working for the president it's got to be
fired right away I mean there that
there's no real second chance for that
kind of stuff so I don't know who it was
but uh maybe when Trump gets in there we
can get a better idea which spy Chief
silenced the truth from the
commander-in-chief on the other
hand Biden wasn't really totally
functional so and and the funniest thing
about this story is when they talk about
the Spy Chiefs and and the Pentagon and
they did all their research and they
found out things that nobody could have
ever known and then it's taken years for
them to come you know finally tell you
what they think they know and and I've
told you before but it's funny I think a
probably like maybe a week after the
covid pandemic hit that one of my
smartest friends called me and said
here's a picture on Google Google Maps
that wet La that wet Market is directly
across the street from the Wuhan lab
that creates that does exactly this kind
of work so on week one I knew for
sure did was I doubting that the that
the lab that was across the street was a
real problem as opposed to the wet
markets that have operated forever and
never had this kind of problem
exactly so pretending that anybody
didn't know on day one
or at least day seven is just kind of
funny because if I
knew I mean I knew for sure in a week I
was just waiting for the rest of the
country to catch up I thought it'd be
easy but it took years all
right um DARPA according to reclaim the
net uh DARPA has created this what they
call a theory of mind so they're using
technology and software to predict an
influence behavior
what um so apparently they think they
can predict what people do and they
claim that they'll use it against our
adversaries because if you know what
your adversaries are going to do well
you got you have an advantage now do you
think this would stay limited to use
against our
adversaries of course not because every
time the intelligence people find
something that works against their
adversaries unless it's a kinetic thing
you know like like a bomb it ends up
getting employed domestically because if
we're trying to control people in other
countries sooner or later somebody says
you know there are a few people in this
country who could use a little control
why don't we use that external thing to
control these Rogues inside the country
so of course it will come internally of
course it will now the question is do
you think it's
real do you think even if they try
really hard and the smartest people and
they use AI that they will be able to
predict people's actions in the
future well how could they if you have
free
will if you have free will there's no
way they're going to predict what you're
going to
do I'm just joking you don't have free
will so they they'll totally be able to
predict what you're going to do it's
really an information problem if they
knew enough about you they could get it
80% of the time they could probably do
populations faster they could probably
they could probably look at a
politicians message and then look at how
that'll affect the election and know
who's going to win based on the
messaging or or maybe even the
personality so there's some
things that it definitely will be able
to predict you know more so than
anything we're doing today um because
polling predicts if you do it
legitimately a lot of our polling is not
legitimate but but if he did it
legitimately like the internal polling
for the Trump campaign it told him he
was going to win it literally predicted
the future so yes uh there will be other
ways to do that too I believe that AI
will use pattern recognition to predict
the future for individuals but it won't
be able to do that until it knows enough
about those individuals which I don't
know how they'll do that maybe if they
knew everything about your social media
and everything you've ever done all
resumés and everything you've ever
written probably it could do it but it'd
have to have access to all that
information probably will have that
access well the Trump effect continues
to get things done without him actually
doing anything yet well he's doing a lot
but not specifically this so Mexico is
going to open shelters to house over
12,000 of its own citizens who might get
deported when Trump takes
over um 25 plann shelters and it's a
strategic plan to accommodate
exclusively the people who get deported
after January 20th and uh Mexico says
they're taking Trump's threats seriously
and they're preparing the facilities to
accept
now doesn't that make his job a lot
easier if Mexico has already built the
receiving
facilities it's going to be a lot more
Humane and a lot lot polit more
politically
acceptable if Mexico instead of arguing
like crazy you shouldn't send them back
is building facilities to accept them
that's the Trump
effect they're acting in a way that is
the adult way to act simply because Dad
came home like everybody started to pick
up their toys oh Dad's home I don't need
to be told I'm going to pick up all my
toys because it would be way worse if I
don't pick up my
toys so that's what's happening all
right right you probably know that
yesterday there's a big brewhaha on the
internet on
X about the issue of
issuing
um what visas or whatever the approval
is to work in the United States for
foreign workers and the debate comes
down to hey if we're America First why
would you bring in any foreign workers
but Elon Musk says uh it took him all to
clarify but he said we're really talking
about the
0.1% of the top
Engineers now those are now according to
Elon uh those are jobs which are really
really hard to fill and there tons of
openings and it wouldn't really be
possible to train some Americans to be
in the top 0 1% of Engineering in the
next few years if you have a
20-year you know buildup yes you know in
20 years we might create enough top
Engineers that we don't think about
taking anybody from another country
maybe possible but at the moment if you
want to compete in Ai and uh crypto and
uh bit uh yeah Quantum Computing and
robots those are all the things that are
going to drive economies in the future
and the people who drive them the most
are going to be the engineers in the top
01 in fact open AI only exists because
um Sam mman brought over some uh Indian
engineer who made the breakthroughs that
made AI essentially possible so even AI
wouldn't even exist if we hadn't brought
in one of those 01 engineers and he
hadn't done what he did so keep that in
mind now I waigh in and immediately it
just caused more problems than it solved
because what I didn't understand is that
people were not on the same
topic so there there are a few topics
and individually they're all important
but they all got sort of conflated and
people people were mad about things that
they were on the wrong
topic so let me tell you what my view is
and then we'll talk about the topic my
old view my old view prior to
Biden and it's it's now changed because
of Biden but my old view is that you
want to keep everybody smart so if
somebody wants to come in and they've
got a you know high education in some
valuable field or even if they just want
to be an optometrist or make money that
the country is better off every time you
bring in somebody who's going to add to
the tax base in other words pay taxes
and is not going to take much so so my
old View and again this is revised but
my old view is you take everybody who is
smart and additive now how you decide
whether somebody's smart enough and
additive uh I don't think we have a good
system for that so my desires are not
supported by any kind of good
system after B after Biden opened the
border and magga became the the dominant
majority opinion in the country they
were very very very clear about limiting
immigration under that
environment it probably makes sense to
not allow in the country people who
would be
additive do you get
that so under the
current cultural political situation I
think it would just disturb too many
people to bring in people who even would
add to the country even you're sure of
it they would would add so at the moment
I'm opposed because Biden Biden
essentially ruined the atmosphere for
immigrants he ruined it by by making it
just everybody come on then all the
nuances just drained out of it and we
probably have to work pretty hard to you
know correct things but the argument
does not apply to the 01 engineer so let
me say this as um
completely this is the most firm
confident opinion I'll ever get you you
cannot have enough 01 top Engineers
because Engineers are not like
optometrists and doctors and lawyers the
0.01 engineer is developing the
future like the very civilization
changing work you want all of those and
we don't have anywhere near enough not
even close
you know as Elon Musk reminds us now a
lot of people argue that Elon Musk
doesn't understand the topic of hiring
top
Engineers to which if I may do a face
plant so I spent some of my time
explaining that Elon Musk probably knows
a little bit about hiring top
Engineers I I don't think I need to
develop my argument on that too hard
but there was a
um so so that's the first thing so it's
unambiguously good for the country to
bring in the top top
engineers and anybody would argue that
that would be stupid honestly I wouldn't
even listen to the argument on the other
side it would just be stupid because
you're not talking about changing the
culture of the United States you're
talking about people who almost always
already speak English better than you do
and are the top top top top top top
students that's it's a completely
different situation than bringing in
Uber
drivers I'm not in favor of that at the
moment at the moment now I think you can
say all those things while still saying
that immigrants are the you know the the
reason the country is strong and Etc
that's all true it's just that Biden
ruined the atmosphere for bringing in
immigrants even the ones who could add
he just ruined
it we might be able to get back to that
but not until Trump gets things under
control
so um that's where I'm at now
secondly um that the argument that I
just gave you is a conceptual argument
wouldn't it be nice to have only these
people and at the moment it would be
impractical really to just open it up to
everybody but second to that that's sort
of the goal or where you'd like to end
up um is that the systems we have for
deciding who comes in are completely
corrupted so some people were getting
really mad that they thought I didn't
understand that our current systems are
not picking just the best of the best
they're pretty much abused by big
companies just to get cheap labor
everybody on board with that our current
systems all of them 100% of our current
systems are so gameable that big
companies are using them not in the way
that you want them to be used now there
is a question about what would happen to
your inflation if they hired more
expensive labor from the
US so if you're willing to pay for more
inflation then you would also be in
favor of them not having these programs
that let them game the system to bring
in cheap
labor
um so can we all agree on the following
statement of assumptions our current
systems are wholly
inadequate to getting what you want as a
citizen of the United States they do
seem to work in the favor of quite a
number of Corporations and the
corporations are the ones who argue for
keeping the current completely broken
and corrupt system because it works for
them it just doesn't work for you know
workers for example American workers so
I think we can all agree on the fact
that the current system is
broken now what is what is Trump's take
on this I actually don't
know which is the weirdest thing about
this conversation I don't know where
Trump's at at one point he was at where
I was at one point he agreed with my old
view that as long as they're additive
yes yes everybody additive everybody
additive so that used to be his view as
well but after he's watched this whole
brewhaha and after you know Biden let in
everybody
I feel like he may have he may have uh
adjusted his own views but I haven't
seen it yet so that's the most
fascinating thing about the story is
that is that the Bas was having this
heated argument yesterday all over
social media of course Trump was
watching of course he was and it's
helping him I'm sure helping him you
know come up with his statement on on
the the thing but there are a number of
uh things that come up
uh number
one um oh the the other thing that we
can agree on is that big companies like
Google and apple have the resources to
put people in another country and really
really vet the top
Engineers but that's not going to work
for a small
company um somebody somebody said my
opinions were invalid because I never
tried to hire foreign
Engineers well I've actually tried
hiring uh India based program
programmers at least twice for side
projects I was doing and it's a
nightmare if you're not Google and apple
and you want to get somebody who can do
a good job so you find somebody in India
who says oh yeah just tell us what you
want we'll give you a price we'll assign
some programmers and we'll write that
code for you absolutely none of that
worked because I talked to somebody
smart who would make the sale but then
they would assign it to somebody who was
completely incompetent
so nobody could perform anything I I
didn't get anything I paid money and got
nothing twice so hiring hiring employees
to work from the other country if you
were thinking about it I wouldn't do it
everything I saw says it doesn't work if
they're not in the same room with you
don't do a tech project not at
all so certainly that's part part of
something needs to be fixed
um so I I was listening to
uh Theo Wald who was the former deputy
assistant to Trump in the first
Administration and he was in charge of
uh drafting the legislation to create a
new legal immigration framework so he
the one who said that when he looked at
all the various and there quite a few of
them the various Pathways that foreign
workers can get into the United States
that they're all corrupt
so yesterday I was seeing some people
saying well you're talking about this
H1B visa thing yeah that's bad but
there's this other thing to get the
Geniuses that's not so bad well in the
real world according to Theo Wald the
guy who was in charge of making it all
work he said no they're all corrupt so
you should assume 100% of our foreign
worker acquisition is totally broken and
has to be fixed um that was the best
context I've
seen so when I talk about this topic I
talk about what we want to
achieve usually I talk about systems you
know I always say systems are better
than goals but there sometimes it's
obvious what you want to
achieve we we want American workers to
have jobs that are good jobs and blah
blah blah so U but this uh brought up a
a
really troubling thing so V ramaswami
weighed into the debate he said one of
the reasons that maybe uh foreign
workers are being favored by tech
companies is that there's a cultural
difference and he described the cultural
difference as some of the Asian and
Indian companies or countries but their
families he described would put a focus
on educational attainment and you know
professional success whereas in America
you might have far less of it now that
caused all the dumb people to assume
that his generality was referring to
every family in both
countries so if you fell into that trap
and you said wait a minute that's not
true I know this one American family
that does everything right or if you
said wait a minute I've seen pictures of
India and it's people living in garbage
piles why do I want the people living in
garbage piles to teach me how to have a
better culture I don't want to live in a
garbage pile now those are
ridiculous those are ridiculous comments
because he's using a
generality is it a useful generality
that the Indian and Asian employees that
are at least the topic of conversation
the ones who have technical skills is it
true that they probably had a lot of
family support probably are they the
majority of indan
I don't know but probably
not but they're the only ones we care
about because they're the ones who are
getting technical skills and they may or
may not come to the United States that's
the population we're talking about they
definitely have the tiger moms most of
them but again we're not talking about
the exceptions so here's how people took
it they said uh V first of all a number
of people didn't think V was an American
citizen may I may I give myself another
face palm this is to the people who
argued with me that he's not an American
citizen okay I just had to do
that born in this country risking his
 life to fix the Doge thing he's
risking his life Elon Musk risking his
life not hyperbole not hyperbole death
threats death threats death threats
they're risking their lives for
your benefit do you think that they're
doing it to make extra money well they
might I mean that they might make extra
money but clearly that's not the main
incentive V is more American I I said
this to somebody I said he's more
American than you are he he's more
supportive of the American Experience
the the American you know what whatever
makes us good people he's he probably
knows more about American history than
just about any one of you
you can't get more American than the
that's like Peak
American and and people got on me for
defending because I I got pretty
aggressive yesterday on social media for
def defending V's take about our
cultures and also elon's take about
needing engineers and people said to me
um you know are are you just making
money is it because Elon pays you pays
me
I mean obviously you know I'm monetized
on X but you think that's why I'm doing
it you think you think I'm supporting
the idea of bringing the top 1%
Engineers because I get paid on
X that was literally the last thing I
was even in my mind never never once did
that even occur to me here's what
occurred to
me when I watch Elon and V do take on
the hard
most thankless job that America has ever
produced short of War which is to take
on trimming the government that's
patriotism at a level that I I can't
even conceive I mean it's beyond
me given
that and given you know my current age
I've I've kind of done what I need to do
I would take a bullet for either one of
them actually l Al take a bullet because
the two of them are doing the only thing
that can save our country if we can't
get the debt under control we're all
dead we're all
dead and there are only two people who
happen to be extraordinarily brilliant
incredibly Brave capable beyond anything
that you and I can really understand and
are taking on the hardest job in the
world for you if you're American for you
and also for me I would take a bullet to
keep them in that
job like actually I'd take a bullet like
if you said to me you know you're going
to have to die but you'll save one of
those two people I would take the bullet
like actually literally that's not a
joke so if you see me defending them
aggressively on social media I would
take a bullet for them because they
would take a bullet for
me right
they're doing it right in front of you I
don't have to guess if they would take a
bullet because they put themselves in a
position where the the odds of danger
and death threats is through the roof so
if they would do that for me I would do
it for them and same with
Trump how did you feel when Trump took a
bullet for
you
right that's different if somebody takes
a bullet for you and Trump did
that that's a you you get bonded to them
and and you
should so
um that uh so a lot of people were on
that so let me let me say this so some
people interpreted VI as this uh Indian
guy uh who was criticizing white
American culture in the United States
and a lot of people thought it was kind
of a put down kind of an insult to
American culture
to which I said what are you talking
about an insult to American
culture what American culture are you
talking about the American culture that
I live in has free speech and we have a
superpower our culture American culture
has a superpower and it looks like this
when we
fail and we get
ashamed we learn things get stronger we
eat that shame we eat that failure and
then we go and
win in other countries and in other
cultures they do not criticize their
culture and if they
fail well they don't want to fail so
they don't do a startup they just take a
job where they're less likely to
fail so when you say that V is somehow
insulting
America by saying that the culture needs
a a tweak needs an
upgrade that's the most American thing
you can do criticizing how an American
system and culture is basically a system
criticizing an American System even down
to the family level if it's necessary
that's what we
do you can't get more American than that
we criticize ourselves in public because
we have the gift of free speech
is and and um if something needs to be
fixed and you're going to get a big
blowback for saying it we'll still say
it uh I said what I needed to say at the
risk of getting cancelled very American
right you you could disagree with
everything I said or did that's fine but
would you agree that me saying what I
thought I needed to say at the moment
and I had good intentions that's a
longer story but and then getting
cancelled for it failing basically that
would be a failure my ire career wiped
out you watched me you watch what
happened when I got canceled
right I just recovered got stronger I
got a million followers on X it it
basically supercharged me so that was a
failure it was a shame I I you I didn't
feel any shame but you could imagine
that it would be accompanied usually um
and so I just took that failure I ate it
for breakfast I used it for energy and I
went on and and in some ways
accomplished more than I would have
accomplished if I had not been cancelled
because it you know creates a lot of
attention so yes the uh you can
criticize any American system from
culture to finance to government that's
what I want I want our smartest people
telling us where we should focus even if
he's wrong something sometimes right
we're we're not looking for Perfection
so um yes I'm defending V aggressively
now this brought up a number of
comments because people were the the
other the hidden topic within this
foreign employee stuff is a number of
people kept saying but Scott don't you
understand uh I'm a trained engineer and
I can't get a
job what do I say to somebody who says
that on social media don't know them
they say I'm a trained engineer
experienced and I can't get a job I say
what color are you you're white right so
mixed in with this whole foreign foreign
worker thing is the fact that there's
been massive systemic racism against
white men for what um sequa parner um
Sean Maguire thinks may have been going
on for the past 10 years
here's what he said he said I was told I
can't be promoted for being a white man
explicitly at
Google and then he he suggested that
that's been going on for at least 10
years do you know when I got that talk
the first time I got the talk I can't
promote you because you're a white
male the
80s 37 years ago for 37 years
this has been the way everything in
Corporate America worked no we're not
going to promote you for a white man
prudent thinker onx says I've had the
same experience elsewhere in big Tech
also been told we want less people who
look like you because it messes up our
Dei commitment also been told whatever
you do do not hire a white
man um this is a white man also been
told everyone is invited except you we
want to put out the image of diversity
um and and I've even been plagiarized by
the Dei hire later to learn I was hired
for that very
purpose oh no and then deplorable
garbage um that's the name of his
account was told the same thing by a big
law firm and notes if an entity like
that a big law firm uh isn't afraid to
openly do it discriminate against race
he says it's
everywhere um Russell says at an Intel
Corporation we restricted hiring white
males unless approved senior VP level
and that was more than 10 years ago
imagine what it's like now no this has
been 37 years at least that's
when it hit me it may may have been
earlier in California where I was
so why didn't people know
this it's because white guys just suck
it up and get to
work that's it white guys are will
complain privately will complain to our
family complain to our spouse but we're
not necessarily organizing a
protest we just say all right I'm not
going to work there I'll go work
somewhere else so that's why you don't
know also I found out 30 years ago that
if I mentioned in public that I was
being discriminated against for being
white what did people call
me a white racist
liar so they already decided I'm a white
racist just cuz I'm white and then I say
I was unable to be promoted in two
corporations in a row because they told
me I'm white and male and I can't
promote you and and I say that and they
say oh well you're lying oh great so if
I tell you the truth I'm a white racist
and now also a
liar 30 years over three decades almost
four decades white men had to keep this
secret because if you said it out loud
you were a
liar and that's a real thing that
happened in the United States for
decades still
happening um all
right um then somebody weighed in
thinking they would add some nuance and
said uh no it's cuz somebody else
labeled it as an anti-white bias
which it is and then a commenter said
well you know technically is it an
anti-white bias um it might have also
been anti-
Asian-American because I'm sure they
discriminated against
Asians I need one more face plant can I
give it to
you in colleges they definitely
discriminated against Asians true
in
corporations they hired the Asians not
the white
guy if you if you had lots of diversity
of asian-americans it was considered
like the uh what's the good analogy like
the methadone for the heroin or
something they wanted heroin which would
be black women lesbian employees you
know that would be like oh home run but
if they couldn't get that they
definitely wanted as many asian-looking
people to put on to put on the you know
the company picture so no I've never
once I've never even heard of it have
you is there anybody in the comments
who's ever even heard of an
Asian-American being turned down at Big
Corporation because that wasn't diverse
enough I've never heard of it now if it
turned out the asian-americans have been
keeping this secret for 40
years like white Americans
you know I guess I'd have to say I
shouldn't be surprised so it could be it
could be true but I've never seen it or
heard of it never
once well then wired wired publication
uh this was the they say it's the year
of the influencer political
takeover so uh of course A lot of people
are writing about how the podcasters and
the online influencers are now the
important thing and the mainstream news
and the New York Times Are unimportant
Etc but here's what I think about that
conversation I I I think this is sort of
putting the dilber filter on it when all
these smart people the
Democrats say that uh they finally
understand that what they needed to do
better was take advantage of the
influencer
podcasting ecosystem and that the the
Republicans really had that nailed down
you know they really had a good good
ecosystem for that so so that maybe is
why they
lost so do you think that's why they
[Laughter]
lost to watching Democrats not
understand anything it never gets less
entertaining it is true that Trump did a
much better job with the podcaster
influencer situation that's true but the
reason they lost is that they did
everything wrong they had the worst
candidate running against the worst
candidate the best candidate of all
time they had no policies that were in
the top three of the American
public they they wasted $1.5 billion on
God knows what probably half of it was
stolen you could just you could make a
list of all the things you should do
right and the only things they did well
were the ones that don't matter to the
election the ground game
said they always tease Trump for not
having a ground game but never ask
themselves the Elon Musk question which
is do we need a ground game and the
answer is probably not in in the current
age there there was a time when the
ground game was everything but probably
not now you know people learn online
they don't need the ground
game um but here's my dilbur filter take
on it the the fact that the Democrat
think the podcaster world is just where
they need to go
um I
think that the Democrat um let's say the
the people who would be helping with
campaigns in the future if you are going
to work on a campaign which thing would
you rather do uh organize a door-
knocking
thing or do another boring interview
print interview with the New York Times
or uh interact with some of the coolest
hottest podcasters and influencers in
the
world which way do you want to spend
your day do you want to spend your day
talking
to famous sexy young like people killing
it so that you can take a picture and
show it to your kid it's the easiest job
in the world because you get to sit in
the studio and maybe watch the podcast
and that's your job for that
day I've got a feeling that the
Democrats are moving toward this whole
we've got to have more podcasting and
influencers because that's
fun and then they justify it as like oh
this is the big problem got to fix this
podcasting situation there's no way we
can be competitive until we have a Joe
Rogan of our
own I don't know so there there's
something true about it which is they
probably need to be better in in that
domain but but there's also something
that
screams we would rather do things that
are pleasurable than things that are
hard and I don't think that's a Winner's
attitude we'd rather do things that are
pleasurable than hard that might be
their entire
problem
anyway
um I and I also think it's funny harking
back to the prior conversation that they
canceled me at exact the time when I was
the most dangerous because the
podcasting world was starting to
dominate again dumbest mistake they
could have made they they should have
said Scott we'd like you to spend all of
your time on cartooning so why don't we
give you a big contract to write a twice
as many cont cartoons if they had done
that they could have bought me out of
the race well I don't know but it would
have been worth the shot if they offered
enough um
anyway according to study finds
scientists figured out how to transform
red blood cells into Precision cancer
fighting
drones
um and I guess I guess they can tweak it
as your cancer morphs into a different
form they can tweak it again so it it
gets at it again so this is actually
pretty
exciting um they've got some kind of Mo
molecule that'll stick to parts of the
RNA and then regular activities so the
reason that this is important is if it
feels less
destructive meaning if you if you do
something that's just put some
destruction on your body but you hope
the the cancer cells die faster than
your healthy cells you know like
chemo yeah you're just hoping that your
healthy cells survive but they're going
to get
whacked um and the so this is the second
anti-cancer possibility which doesn't
seem to have that mechanism which it
attacks your your healthy stuff don't
know if it'll work
yet but I
love I I love all the new news about
it now there's an article in the hill in
opinion piece by Evan Davis and David
Schult and they say Congress has the
power to block Trump from taking office
but lawmakers must act now so the idea
is according to them the Constitution
provides that any oath-breaking
insurrectionist can't run for office and
then they gave their evidence for how
Trump is an oath breing insurrectionist
of course all their evidence was
completely debunked and laughed at by
people like Jeff Clark uh also an
attorney who got in trouble for that
January 6 stuff for doing basically
nothing nothing that anybody should have
ever gotten in trouble for that's
another
story but
um so apparently I didn't know this but
apparently if they try to make this move
to not allow Trump to take office it
would take a 2third vote did I have that
right 2third vote of the in each house
so in both uh Senate and the house uh
two-thirds vote now I don't think
there's would you agree there's not a
chance in the world that two-thirds of
the people are going to vote to not put
Trump in office right so there's not any
practical way this is going to happen as
far as I can tell but um I kind of want
them to to
try don't you don't you want them to
try because the the Democrat Party is is
on life
support if they try to keep Trump out of
office with some weird
lawfare somebody's going to yank the
life support out of whatever's left of
the Democratic Party that would be the
end that would just be the end
now I know you want me to say oh if that
happened there would be an armed an
armed uh Revolution no there
won't against who what are you going to
do shoot your neighbor because some
politicians did something you're not
going to shoot your neighbor we like the
neighbor
so um I would just say
this um I just wish they I kind of hope
they do it I I hope they take their
strongest play to try to keep them out
of office they will fail um but this is
the ultimate you know F around and find
out situation I'd really love him to
find out not with violence no violence
please but no violence would be
necessary because we would just look at
the situation and say nope nope now
speaking of violence which I do not
recommend but you can state facts about
violence right so that's fair you can
say somebody did some violence there's a
risk of some violence but I don't
recommend it don't do any
violence however can you imagine the
security situation for anybody who voted
to keep Trump out of office at this
point if in Congress they voted to to
use this Insurrection thing to keep them
can you imagine what that would do to
their security situation again please
don't do any violence but we live in a
country where people wouldn't take this
sitting down and and anybody who voted
to keep Trump out of office for this
Insurrection
 I would recommend you look at
your budget because if you don't have a
budget for increasing
security I wouldn't vote this way now I
wouldn't say that about many things I
can't even think of one other thing I
would ever ever said that about
but the people Vote for This are really
going to put themselves in a physical
Jeopardy don't do anything to them don't
don't don't we want peace we don't want
to be that kind of country but the
reality is we live in a dangerous
country full of guns and people have the
guns for that
reason they have the guns for this
reason don't use them for this reason
this isn't good enough reason but that's
why they have them so if they think that
it would be safe to to vote that they're
not going to put the winner of the
popular vote into
office just think about your budget just
think about
it well Russia is open to conversation
about Ukraine but uh they say Trump has
to go first he has to make the first
move to improve ties according to
Breitbart Simon
Kent
and um what would the first move be so
let's talk about that if if Russia says
yeah we're open but you got to make the
first move all right here's the wrong
answer the first move should not be a
peace
proposal um by the way lavro um so he's
he's the uh he's the
Russian what would you call him he's the
main guy who talks to the United States
um about foreign policy and stuff like
that so
lavro
um says
uh lro says that um that a truce is a
path to nowhere so a ceas fire doesn't
have any interest for Russia Russia is
saying we're looking for a big deal you
know something enduring something
comprehensive we're not looking for
let's stop shooting on Tuesday is he
right about that yes yes yeah lavro is
completely right having a ceasefire
would save lives but beyond that it
would wouldn't it wouldn't hasten the
end of the war I don't think so what
would Trump do he can't say listen to a
ceasefire I agree Russia is correct on
that uh but here's what he's being set
up
for negotiating with himself have you
ever heard that term in the negotiating
world there's a thing that's considered
a classic error and the error is to
negotiate against yourself and the way
that looks is you is you say first
all right here's the deal I'll do this
if you do that and then the other side
says
no and then you go back and here's the
error and you come back with a new offer
and they haven't made an offer if you do
that it's called negotiating against
yourself and you've been tricked into
making the first offer and then
responding to them making a new offer
and you've already talked to yourself
down they haven't even made an offer and
you talked to yourself down
so that's considered a classic
mistake um I learned that when I was
negotiating with Disney years ago there
was an idea of making a Dilbert Disney
animated
movie uh and we made an offer to Disney
and Disney said no that's not good
enough come back with another offer and
the head of my syndication company said
um how about we're done now and we'll
never work with you again
that that's how it ended and I
completely supported it yeah you don't
negotiate with yourself period And by
the way he told them we're not going to
negotiate with ourselves if you've got
an offer we'll look at it so they knew
why but they didn't want to make an
offer so we said well maybe we'll make
an offer with somebody who knows how
negotiation works now I maybe it works
for Disney maybe sometimes they get
somebody dumb enough to do that but but
thank goodness you know the professional
I was working with knows how this works
and he just closed them down so nope
don't negotiate it with ourselves we'll
take this somewhere else and that's why
there's no Dilbert movie no we did take
it somewhere else but you know things
didn't work out in other places
either anyway um so he shouldn't make an
offer but he has to do
something so what would what would it
look like if Trump did something
first but it wasn't an offer for a peace
deal what would that look
like I don't know but Trump is the best
at this suppose Trump said how about
let's have a
summit would that be an offer kind of
kind of and an offer to do a summit with
you know himself and Putin I would feel
like that would be going
first but without making the offer so I
think there's there's room to play I
think there's room to play and when
Russia says you have to go first what
they're doing is trying
to dominate
Trump because they're trying to say all
right we made you do the first
thing like why does Trump have to go
first why does he have to go first they
both want peace so if lavro can sort of
manipulate Trump into going
first then he is sort of won the first
round Trump will know that because
unlike ordinary politic Ians Trump knows
how this works he's done this before so
he's not going to he's not going to fall
for the UF to go first unless it looks
like something that would be ordinary to
do now a summit at least with Trump
would be an ordinary thing to do so I
think that would not look like going
first but would still be close enough to
to get things done so we'll
see there's a giant breakthrough coming
in e batter is are you surprised I tell
you one of these stories every day the
reason I do it is to help you predict
the
future and here's the future if this new
leap let's see it's according to the
mark mayard in the Pasadena Star News um
the new breakthrough just uses a new new
kind of material and it uh uses 10 times
less anode material which is a big deal
uh and uh might cut the cost someday of
the battery by a huge amount did you
know that the cost of the battery in an
electric car um could be up to 40% of
the cost of the
car and that this is a battery that
works in the lab and if it worked in uh
the real world would cut that cost by
about
half so 40% of your car cut by half just
because the battery so we're we're at
the
point where we're probably one more big
battery breakthrough like one one of
these many ones that I talk about every
day on the show they're all different
but one of them is going to break
through and if it doubles capacity and
doubles batteries that's just that's not
just better stuff like if you're
thinking oh I'd like to get a few extra
miles on my car battery if I have
electric car no we're not talking about
that you'd get that too what we're
talking about is a complete
transformation of civiliz
ation because it's what makes your your
robot a good
deal it's what allows you to get off the
grid if you had a real cheap battery
that you could put on the side of your
house and collect the Sun during the day
and use it at the night you might just
get off the grid you might have electric
airplanes so the major source of uh CO2
if you're worried about that would be
removed because airlines are really
really bad on that so
one more leap just one more big leap in
batteries I'm not talking about the 10%
20% Improvement I'm talking about the
big leap and there are a bunch of them
that are Brewing one more big leap
changes all of air travel well travel
the our entire Transportation would
change it would lower costs to the point
where it would make a difference in
inflation it would lower
inflation Transportation would be
different your your your the time you
spent charging would go down to minutes
instead of hours it would be really
transformational and uh it's definitely
going to happen meanwhile Israel has
declared on Tuesday that it's going to
start killing the leaders of the
hoodies so the hoodies in Yemen been uh
shooting Rockets into Israel and prior
to that they've been putting missiles at
shipping shipping boats in the area so
the hoodis are real bad news and they're
backed by um Iran and Iran is weakened
but the hoodis are still active now when
Israel says we're going to take out your
leaders
um it just tells me we're at a strange
point in
history so nobody's talking about taking
out Putin in a you know some kind of a
decapitation strike because he's got
nukes and he's got backup and whoever
comes after him isn't necessarily going
to be the good guy so
and probably the same is true with an
American president if you're Russia or
China you're probably not thinking even
for one second about a decapitation
strike on the United States because we'd
still be too strong likewise we will not
think even for one second about a
decapitation strike on China because it
would just be destabilizing and it would
just ruin everything so decapitation
strikes definitely don't work you know
once a country is reach is a certain
status and they also don't work when
your your little scrappy terrorist cells
are so small that you can't even figure
out where they're operating from or
who's in charge so in those cases a
decapitation strikes no good the one
time it's good is if you happen to have
massive digital Footprints everywhere so
you can find stuff and the entity has
not created a structure that can go up
on easily without the leaders in other
words the leaders are kind of key to
keeping it together and that's not the
case in America we TR we change out our
leaders all the
time so there's this one little area of
History where we can find them easily
because we got satellites we've got cell
phones we've got AI so we can find them
and we have uh missiles and drones that
can hit anything from
anywhere so I would say The Who are in a
lot of
trouble because it seems to be Israel's
ability to take out the leaders of any
group that's against them is now 100%
operational and all the hoodie leaders
are going to just start
disappearing um and I think it works
because they're they're leader driven
organizations so good luck good hunting
Israel uh I saw a article by uh Barack
Ravid on X he says that uh the people in
Israel and uh the US even who are
negotiating for the end of the
hostages uh not the end but the release
um that it's unlikely that they're going
to get that done before Trump takes
office um I would go further and say
that's not going to happen what why
would Hamas suddenly become rational
because Trump's going into office
they're clearly not they're not afraid
of
dying and the and the captives give them
a little bit of Leverage so why would
they I can't see any reason that they
would do it now I think that they'll
keep the hostages and then when Trump
comes in he's going to say all right you
had a chance but I'll give you one more
chance now that I'm actually in office
you know you've got a few days I want
the hostages all back and we're not
negotiating for it you just give them
all back now that probably won't happen
and then Trump will have to figure out
how to respond and I feel sorry for
Gaza because if the hostages don't come
back there will never be a life there
and I don't think they're coming back so
I think Gaza is just
permanently out of business there's no
such thing as you know Gaza is going to
rebuild and they're all going to go live
there happily I think it's just is
Israel's territory and the cost of that
unfortunately is going to be these
hostages as long as the hostages are
held yeah it's hard to criticize Israel
for
anything people do but I wouldn't
meanwhile the New York Post is uh
reporting that there's a woman who was
born with two
vaginas that are fully functional and
even possibly capable of both of them uh
getting pregnant so she has two vaginas
she's a grown woman and uh she says it's
it's been a very difficult dating
because as soon as she tells her her
date that she has two vaginas uh more
often than
not they get an
idea hey two of them you say two of
them uh I'm just going to spit ball here
a little
brainstorming something that I have
never done before but
but I've got a
buddy and then she has to shut him down
right away no you can stop there uh I
know you have a male friend stop nope
nope nope stop
stop and I was thinking to
myself she could never date a
professional humorist such as
myself I wouldn't be able to think of
anything
else if if you put me in that situation
where I'm dating the woman with two
vaginas I'm going
to think of a lot of
puns and they're not going to be
appreciated so I'm sure she has a sense
of humor but um you know there are also
men this is rare but some men are born
with two
penises I've got two words to describe a
situation of the woman with two V CH and
the man with two
penises soulmates soulmates is that one
word or two I guess that's one word
soulmates well I wish her
luck um and the funniest comment I saw
in this was from one of the local
subscribers who said and I quote did she
save one for after
marriage slow clap
[Applause]
very good all right we don't mean to
make fun of this woman but she seems to
be well adjusted and healthy she's
perfectly healthy and uh and she's
also quite ethical she discloses it um I
wish the best for her I don't mean to I
I don't mean to be mean uh but she's
having fun with it I think yeah there
there's at least some part of it that
she probably thinks is fun
so in that
Spirit um I only have good thoughts all
right ladies and gentlemen I'm going to
go talk to the local subscribers
privately um I don't know if there's
anything I forgot about
today all right ladies and
gentlemen uh if you're on YouTube or X
or Rumble I will see you tomorrow locals
I'm coming at you in 30 seconds
for
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for