[Music]
hey everybody come on in here it's the
morning but don't let that stop you from
having a good time because some of us
are mour people the rest of you well I
hope you do as well as you could and one
of the ways that you can catch up to the
morning people is with a little thing I
call Coffee and it's time for coffee
with Scott Adams I'm Scott Adams your
host and I'm about to enjoy the
simultaneous sip with many of you those
of you who are
prepared please raise your mug your
glass your container your chalice your
Stein your cup put it put your favorite
liquid in there I like
coffee and join me now for the
simultaneous hip
ah so many fun things in the
news let's start with
BuzzFeed now uh I like to remind you
what my prediction record
is now this isn't quite a prediction but
I want to remind you that when the
BuzzFeed story first broke that Michael
Cohen had said blah blah blah it doesn't
matter what he said because it wasn't
true or at least it's Fallen
apart and and when I talked about it on
Periscope was it
yesterday I stressed to you that
BuzzFeed is
not is not a uh credible Source did I
not did I not stress several times
remember it's BuzzFeed they're not a
credible source and then by today we
find out the whole story is Fallen apart
and I was just watching a fascinating
clip on
CNN it was Anderson Cooper talking to
Jeffrey tubin and I forget who El
and they were taking it pretty hard
because the the mainstream media ran
with that story with a lot of if it's
true but if it's true and if this is
true there's big stories uh but to their
credit and I like I like to give credit
where credit is due the uh Jeffrey tubin
and uh especially he said you know make
no mistake about this this is just a bad
day for the
media yeah Brian Brian stelter that's
right he was the third person there and
I think all of them realized and yeah
Maggie hman was there too and I think
all of them
realized
that uh the media has a big big big
credibility problem and it got a lot
worse yesterday
yesterday but again remember I told you
from the jump this is not a credible
source so I'm going to take a little bit
of credit for calling out the
unreliability of the story from from the
jump okay now why did I think it was not
a credible Story number one the authors
have a little sketchy past number two
it's BuzzFeed that does not necessarily
uh work with the facts all the time and
number three it fit perfectly with The
Narrative of the side that was reporting
it oh surprise number four nobody else
could confirm it right away number five
it was a Muller leak are there Muller
leaks remember what I said if if
somebody has a source in the Muller
organization that would give them that
kind of detailed leak remember what I
said they would also
know what the general outcome of the the
Muller investigation is going to be
anybody who has a a source that good who
was going to give up something that
private would have given up more and by
now by now BuzzFeed would be reporting
on basically the result of the uh of the
whole thing and of course they're not
and so that was another red flag and
then of course the whole fact that it
was an anonymous source so you've got
anonymous
source fits their narrative perfectly
nobody else can confirm it it's BuzzFeed
who is unreliable the authors are
unreliable if you didn't see this one
coming you can't see anything coming cuz
this one was broadcasting from a long
way around hey fake news coming we got
some fake news coming but a lot of
people wanted to believe it all right
that's enough on that um You probably
noted that a lot of people got the
talking points about the Pelosi flight
to Afghanistan being uh canceled at the
last minute by President Trump and the
standard reaction was it's childish it's
childish like a fifth grader it's such a
childish thing to do I don't think that
worked as well as they hoped it
would because
it was also reported
simultaneously that it was a tip for
Tat but it was a tip for Tat for
something childish which was postponing
the uh uh the State of the Union so who
could possibly listen to the Democrats
saying that the the tit fortat
response was childish but not the
original you know who started it now
like most of us I think we're watching
this as entertainment right we're
watching it as an entertainment show it
it was sort of the perfect reality TV
response to the reality TV you know
provocation which is the cancellation of
the uh of the of the whole deal
now do you remember that I told you um I
don't know how long ago I said that the
kill shot for Nancy Pelosi's statement
that the wall is
immoral what did I tell you the kill
shot would that would be the persuasion
Kill Shot does anybody remember it cuz I
like that I like to ask you cuz in case
anybody is coming into this late they
can you know get some confirmation that
that I'm predicting things ahead of
time um now the engineering question is
we'll talk about that separately so
that's a different that's a different
kill shot I'm talking about specifically
the question of whether a wall is moral
or immoral what did I tell was the best
response to that well let me remind you
since it doesn't look like anybody's
going to get the right
answer um I told you that the kill shot
was to start asking other
Democrats to defend to defend the
statement that some walls are moral and
some are
not and what did you say you saw the
media start to ask the other Democrats
do you agree that this wall is immoral
because it's a completely unsupportable
concept now Pelosi could probably get
away with it because Pelosi is an
advocate right so when you see that the
head of the party you know so or you
know one of the leaders of the party
when you see them say something crazy
you say to yourself well their job is
Advocate you know Nancy P's job is not
fair and balanced presentation right so
you can't really hold it against her to
say something that outrageous it's
something the president would have done
it's it's something that somebody who's
a leader and an advocate does but the
problem is she created a standard that
the people below her who are just many
of them who are actually just trying to
do their
job they're going to have to defend this
ridiculous standard that there's such a
thing as a moral versus an immoral kind
of barrier when all of these people have
voted for barriers of this type in the
past so you saw people asking about it
and that whole moral immoral thing has
just started to
I don't know rot you know it didn't go
away it just started to rot from within
like it it just doesn't stand the test
of time at all you put a little sunlight
on it it's like it's like an old vampire
it's starting to
crumble
anyway so uh the president apparently
has a speech
today at I guess 300 p.m. eastern time
in which he's going to offer reportedly
you know any Anything could happen
between now and the time the president
goes on the air but reportedly the
president's going to make some kind of
an offer to to have something for both
sides to chew on now here's a um here's
a rule of negotiating and if you've
never heard this rule it's a really
important one but it's not common sense
so this is a non-common sense really
smart rule about
negotiating you don't quote negotiate
with yourself
unquote let me tell you what that means
what that means is let's say you and I
are negotiating and I come to you and
say I will give you a million dollar for
whatever it is you're selling and we're
negotiating if you say no that's that's
no
good what you don't do if you've been
rebuffed for your first offer is make a
second offer that's called negotiating
with yourself cuz you're the one who
offered a million and now you're the one
making the next offer which is lower
that that's referred to as negotiating
with yourself it's a classic mistake
that people who don't negotiate make
you've watched that the president is
very good at not doing that right it's a
it's a it's a rock bottom basic most
important thing you can do you never
make a offer and then just make another
offer you you just don't do that it's
it's bad persuasion bad
negotiating so you've noticed that the
Democrats haven't really made an offer
not really right because they've said
how about nothing how about immoral and
the the immoral response isn't really a
counter offer is it it's more of like
we're not going to talk about it we're
not negotiating now the mistake would be
that Pelosi would Trav the president
into negotiating with himself and if he
were
not the master Persuader that I believe
he is he would be going on television
tonight and negotiating with himself in
other words she's creating a situation
because the thing to keep in mind here
we always have to keep this in mind is
that Pelosi is pretty damn good at what
she does right she knows this space
whatever else you want to say about her
she's got an aame and she brought it and
she was trapping the president into
negotiating with himself which is weak
and
stupid the president is now going to
give a give a speech in which he's
alleged to be making a second offer or
or at least you know a new offer that we
haven't seen
before that could be
construed as negotiating with
himself if that's what's going to happen
so let me make uh one suggestion and I'm
not I'm not going to predict that this
the president will do this but it but
it's by way of making my point suppose
the president went on on the air and
made the following offer and he said
this I will reopen the
government when the Democrats give me
their plan for the Border in in a way
that has a budget and shows exactly what
they plan to do and where
H because this is not ask this is not
negotiating like I've just decided to go
down on my price it's a specific offer
that the public will understand as
reasonable so imagine this the President
says we all want to open the government
I will open the government if all you do
is show me your plan and then we will
negotiate from that plan we will start
with your plan and then we'll show it to
the people we'll have border patrol look
at it and then we'll see how different
is your plan from ours now the key to
this is that there was never much
difference in what the left and the
right actually wanted right nothing I
said would make sense if you knew you
were really far apart cuz if you were
really far apart they would just say oh
okay how about something way over here
and then then you wouldn't be anywhere
right but because we know they're close
and especially the the rank and file
Democrats are like yeah we like border
security we just want to do it in the
smartest most humane way now who among
you disagrees with that statement so
here's the Democrat position on border
security yes we want good border
security we want to do it in the
smartest most economical and humane
way who disagrees with that who
disagrees with that nobody right so when
you force them to actually put some meat
on their proposal and you offer that
you'll open the government if they do it
what what voter is going to look at that
offer and say well that's just playing
games who is going to say that's an
unfair offer who is going to say that
the Democrats should sit tight and not
even say what they
want while 800,000 people are eating
tree bark cuz they can't afford to buy
food all right who thinks that wouldn't
work cuz you know it would all right it
would put all of the pressure on the
Democrats if they brought a plan it
would reveal it would reveal the
basically the bad I'd say the bad will
behind everything they're doing at the
moment which is they're not that far off
from what everybody else wants now to
their credit and I'm going to give the
Democrats a very big compliment right
now to their credit they have killed the
wall I I think that even Republicans at
this point because we've all learned
more you know there's something about
this process that's very educational you
know on day one when the president said
build a wall across the whole thing
solves all these problems I have to
admit I thought to myself I don't know
why not why wouldn't you have a wall you
know I'd have to look at the details but
seems reasonable on the surface right
but the further you dig into this and
the more reasonable people get involved
you realize that walls make sense in
specific areas and they simply don't
make sense economically or on any other
level in other areas and that if the
engineers get involved and the experts
they'll tell you where to put a wall El
Paso is a perfect place cuz when you're
separating you know water and El Paso I
think those are the two places they're
both populated areas and you need to
slow people down pretty severely because
otherwise they disappear into the other
populated area but if you got a big
empty space and you can see the whole
thing with a drone or from Towers or you
could put some electronic sensors there
if anybody tries to cross you just send
out your border patrol and they just
pick them up right so there's nobody
here who disagrees with the general
concept
that the engineers and the experts
should make the decision we want a
solution that's Humane but it also has
to work you know who has that plan
probably Democrats do you know how
similar that would look to the
Republican plan probably not that
different by the time it's done but it
would give everybody a reason to move
forward so that's so again it's that's
not my that's not my prediction of what
the president will do I will say with
some confidence it would be the best
thing to do I'm I'm completely confident
about that part um but here's what to
watch for watch for the president
avoiding the problem of negotiating with
himself one way or another that's his
biggest challenge right at the end of
this nobody you the president can't have
a win and can't even have like a good
path forward if at the end of this the
enemy is saying well it looks like they
tricked him into negotiating with
himself he's not much of a negotiator is
he so it could be that all he's going to
do is throw some variables into the mix
so he might say here's here are the
other variables here's how we want to
approve workers here's what I want to do
with H1B visas here's what I want to do
with you know path to citizenship and
DACA and all that stuff so I might be
that he's just adding variables now that
would not be a case of negotiating with
yourself because I've often said if you
have if you have an
impass often times the only way you can
get past an impass is by adding
variables you need you need extra stuff
to to make a deal so he may just be
adding extra stuff and that would be
perfectly fine would not be a case of
negotiating with himself per se because
he probably wouldn't offer anything that
hasn't already been on the table
before all
right um here's an update on the
question of open
borders so there was yet another article
in the New York Times uh by someone who
said yeah let's let's think about open
borders you know because they're
economic benefits and I want to give you
just a a little bit of a tour you know a
very short one of open borders now there
are people who argue and they have good
economic arguments so on a conceptual
level just a conceptual level not a
practical level but on a conceptual
level open borders actually make
sense wait for the Practical part before
you throw up in your mouth okay if
you're just if it's just a thought
experiment and you're saying well in a
perfect world open borders because the
argument is the free flow of uh labor
and everything else is just always good
basically it's an argument for
capitalism and freedom and whenever you
have better capitalism and better
freedom you almost always get a good
result right so on a conceptual level
open
borders totally
conceptually reasonable thing
unfortunately we don't live in a
conceptual world we we have to survive
in the real world and in the so he says
my God man have you gone
insane wait wait to the second part all
right you must be new here wait to the
second part
and the in the real
world the countries that are next to you
are not uh equal on all variables their
economy could be in the toilet they
could have more crime for example I'm
not saying that's the case but there
could be a terrorism risk some people
have a terrorism risk some don't maybe
the other countries have uh loose
requirements about who gets into their
country which would you know be a
pathway for anybody else to get into the
country
[Music]
so um and then the biggest variable is
if there's a country that has um lots of
Social Services let's say free health
care um your retirement whatever else
and they're next to a country that
doesn't how's that work out wouldn't
wouldn't all the people in the country
that doesn't give them free stuff stand
up and start walking toward the country
that does you wouldn't wouldn't
uh you know right now the number of
people who come in from Mexico is is
putting you know some people think a
burden on the employment of the the
citizens uh
and that's with all the effort we can
put into reducing the number coming in
what would happen if that
number what happens if it's 20 million
people a
year where where do they live do they
live on the street do they make camps on
the roads what you know did do they
clean up after themselves you know from
a practical
perspective um the here let me put it
another way open
borders probably is a really good
solution for countries that are largely
similar the more similar the countries
the more open borders makes perfect
sense because let's say you know your
your France and Germany or something and
I don't know if this is the case but
let's say that they have similar social
services and let's say they're both
similar targets for Terror attacks and
anything else well it kind of doesn't
matter that much right the terrorists
are already in one of the countries and
they're happy to attack that one maybe
there'll be a little more in your
country but you know you probably had
the same risk anyway you know
so so when you see the open borders
people here and here's my
statement um that I think is just my
opinion alone I don't know anybody else
who has this specific opinion but my
belief is that the people who talk about
open
borders literally don't mean
it and other words if if you put a
camera on them and say do you believe in
open borders they say yes and here here
are all my arguments but I believe if I
took that same person off camera in
private and I said look I hear what
you're saying you know on a conceptual
level it does make sense to remove
friction that's good for everything but
in a real
world you know in a practical world tell
me how this looks to you what would keep
50 million people from just entering the
United States and what would the United
States look like if 50 million people
came here and said give me some health
care or give me some whatever
so my belief is
that the people who are claiming open
borders let's say the the intellectual
class I'm not talking about the the
people who are activist and working with
immigrants they just have a
self-interest all right so there there
are two kinds of open border people
there are the the intellectuals and the
economists and the philosophers I
believe that in private none of them
would support open borders they would
only support it on an intellectual basis
not on a practical basis cuz they
wouldn't be able to describe how it
could work in our specific case whereas
the activists not really they don't
really care about the greater good as
much as they care about their their
activism and about their cause and by
the way there's nothing wrong with that
that the whole point of activism is
people are advocating for their group
and we allow activism we allow free
speech so I'm not I'm not saying there's
anything bad about that but it's not in
the interest of the people who might be
living here if those activists win and
the the borders are thrown open so I
would like to um make this challenge if
there's a let's say an
intellectual as opposed to an activist
um who can make an open borders case and
would like to come on to a periscope
with me I would love to talk to you and
maybe you could educate my audience but
you have to be maybe somebody who's
written on it you know I I don't want
just somebody who's got an opinion I
want somebody who's put some real skin
in the game on this uh on this topic and
I think you would watch their idea just
fall apart in front of you so I predict
nobody's going to take me up on that who
who has the right credentials but we'll
see and by the way if they have a good
argument I'm going to change my mind I
know you don't like that but if they
have a good argument I'm going to change
my mind I'm kind of new to the topic so
maybe there's something I haven't
thought about all right here here's
another topic
um we know that foreign companies or
foreign yeah companies too but foreign
countries like to meddle in other
countries elections we know that anytime
there is a politician that would do good
things for you versus one that would do
bad if you have money you're going to
try to get that money to the person
who's going to help you assuming you're
a big entity with a lot of money you're
a billionaire or something now what does
that
predict about the Mexican
cartels and uh
Democratic candidates and Democratic um
elected
officials could we not predict with 100%
confidence that the cartels have already
have or will soon start funly money
toward
Democrats cuz why wouldn't they right if
if you're a Mexican cartel and you got a
lot of money and you have lots of
mechanisms to feed that money through
you know shells and people and and
different things wouldn't you identify
the the politicians that are closest to
the border and wouldn't you find a way
to get them
money it's hard to believe it's not
already
happening and I see a number of you are
saying it's it's already happening but I
don't know any specific cases but
whether or not it's it's already
happened it's kind of guaranteed isn't
it so it seems to me that we've created
this super dangerous situation where
Democrats and Republicans have this
Stark difference on how to deal with the
Border it's the Stark difference that
opens it up for the cartels cuz the
cartels can say whoa we didn't create
the Stark difference but now that it's
there let's let's have more Stark
difference let's start supporting some
people who really want to you know open
that border or whatever
so I would think there's a high
likelihood that in the next couple years
let's say uh we're going to have a major
story of a name brand uh candidate a
Democrat who is accepting maybe
unwillingly or not unwillingly but maybe
unknowingly accepting money from cartels
I think that's going to be a future
story because and and my argument is not
that Democrats are bad and Republicans
are good I'm not coming from that
position I'm just saying that one of
those two parties has a position that
the cartels are going to
like and people support the politicians
that do things they like I don't know
what would stop is this from
happening all right last night on Tucker
Carlson show uh there was a segment on
uh the idea of safe needle places that
you can get a safe injection if you're
an opioid addict and the idea is that if
you um if you can move the addicts from
getting their drugs on the street where
they're going to get the wrong kind of
stuff they're going to do overdoses
they're going to have unsafe needles and
all that if you can get them into a
legal um safer environment they're still
going to do the drugs cuz you don't have
a way to stop that easily but at least
they'll do it in a way they don't get
overdoses while you're trying to figure
out how to deal with it
now on Tucker show the I think this was
Tucker's point of view and I hope I
don't get it wrong I hate I hate to
paraphrase other people's opinions
because if you lose some Nuance you're
not doing anything good for the world
but I got the sense when he was talking
to I guess Mark Stein that uh both of
them were the opinion that this was a
bad idea and that we should go stronger
at getting people off of drugs and that
you know the
the energy should be on getting people
off of drugs not on making a safe place
where it's easy to do them here's a
problem with that and I just sent a
message I just DMD Tucker on Twitter I
don't know if you'll see it or not but
um unfortunately I have some experience
in this realm as most of you know my uh
stepson uh died a few months ago from an
fenal overdose and you know we dealt for
for years with his teenage addiction and
here's what I learned that is a real key
variable that did not come up in
Tucker's
conversation there is no way to get
somebody off
drugs that's that's the end of it there
there is no way nobody has an
idea well let me let me make a uh
important
distinction if an addict has decided to
get off drugs and really really wants to
and they're they're you know they have
you the incentive and they go through
processes and they do the right things
and they do rehab they can get there but
the problem is the ones who don't want
to get off it so and that was that was
the case with my stepson cuz
we and my situation was very similar to
he had friends who were in the same
situation so we knew the parents of of
his friends whose kids were also
addicted Etc and the big problem was
that they didn't want to stop doing it
they liked it and there was nothing you
could tell them that would change their
minds they would you know they would um
they would all prefer to run away from
home with no money and no resources
because the drugs are so good that if
you say to a 16-year-old look you
16-year-old if you keep doing these
drugs I'll take away your phone the
16-year-old will say drugs are better
than my phone okay you say um I'll take
away everything else you have and the
16-year-old will say I still like drugs
better we will disown you from the
family the 16-year-old will say yeah
drugs still better and in fact it's not
even close like you're you're not even
you're not even in the ballpark yet do
you know how good these drugs are all
right the reason that these drugs are
killing 72,000 people a year just in the
United States from overdose is because
they're so good
that there's nothing you can offer to
take away or to give them that comes
close to what the drugs are doing it's
not even
close but here's the real problem in at
least in California maybe there's some
state where it's different you cannot
control another person's body if they
don't want to be controlled the
exception being prisoners who have you
know committed crimes you can put them
in jail but if somebody has not
committed a crime or let's say has not
been commit committed it's not the
committing of a crime but they've not
been convicted of a crime there is no
way anybody including the parents can
touch their body and if you can't touch
physically you can't hold them you can't
handcuff them you can't tie them up if
you can't physically stop anybody cuz
it's
illegal um the kid can just walk stand
up and walk walk out the front door
there's nothing you can do legally
suppose you Tred to physically constrain
him well it would get violent whatever
but in the end you can't keep a kid
handcuff forever as soon as a handcuff
comes off they walk out the door now you
can commit somebody who's like a danger
to themselves you know there's a process
where they can be hospitalized for a
short time and even tied to a bed and of
course you'll find that many many
parents of addicts have actually done
that they've actually taken their addict
kid committed them and they get tied to
a bed literally tied to a bed they can't
even move their arms and you know they
give them all good medical treatment Etc
but what does the addict do when the
time that that is legal
expires they get up they walk out the
door and they do drugs why because the
drugs are better than their Alternatives
they like it it's their choice
there's nothing you can do to stop a
human being from taking drugs so back to
the uh the free needle exchange uh uh
thing
um when you say I would prefer that we
spend our our energy getting them off
drugs you have to understand there is no
path to that if the if the people wanted
to get off drugs they also wouldn't need
this needle exchange thing they would be
working through a system you know they'd
be in rehab they'd be doing what they
needed to do if they don't want it you
can't make them want it and you can't
make them do anything so for those
people you only have a choice of
essentially addict
death or this needle exchange thing
which keeps them alive long enough maybe
they can come on their own you know on
their own they decide life is better you
know life with them drugs and most of
them won't so I wanted to add that piece
of information that if you assume that
you can help these people who don't want
to be helped you've missed the most
important variable in the entire
conversation the drugs are better than
anything you could take away from them
the drugs are better than any penalty
that you could give them the drugs are
better than their family everything they
love the drugs are
better all right um let's talk
about uh and I'll i' like to end on
these climate discussions now you may
have noticed that I've I've created a
little bit of a kurur fuffle on the
internet with my so far at least a
little bit balanced discussion of
climate because you've never seen a
balanced discussion of climate and it
makes everybody mad both sides are
hating me at the moment because they're
like oh you said that one thing about my
side but they're both saying it right
now so uh apparently I got the attention
of Judith Curry who most of of you know
as maybe the most prominent um skeptical
voice in climate I don't know if she
would label herself that way but she
doesn't agree with the
mainstream and she addressed one of my
tweets so I I followed her I didn't
realize she was following me on Twitter
and
um I'm imagining that I might invite her
to come on a periscope because she would
be a good voice now here's the
interesting thing the thing she she
responded to as I tweeted that it is
literally impossible for a citizen
people like me who are not climate
scientist to understand the debate and
I've been proving this uh every single
day so every single day the following
thing happens I'll take a climate claim
you know doesn't matter what it is the
something about ice or seawat or
temperatures what whatever the claim is
and they'll say here's the claim here's
a really credible sounding at least
sounding critic and they say that this
is all Bs and they show their work so
you see the claim and you think well
that's pretty convincing it's all the
scientists are on the same side and they
they all say this then the critic comes
in and goes okay here's what they did
wrong it's obvious I'm using the same
information they are I told you what
they did wrong I'm told you how to fix
it I'm laying it out here there's
nothing hidden look at my work and you
can tell clearly that the climate
scientists got this wrong
and then I look at the skeptic I'm like
huh that is very
convincing and then this the scientist
or somebody who's on the same side as a
scientist comes in behind the skeptic
and they say ah this skeptic they're
always saying crazy stuff here's five
other things they said that weren't true
and by the way here's why they're wrong
in this case too because they did
something wrong or they're doing
something with the numbers Etc now when
the scientist comes back in they are
totally credible because I can't I can't
judge the scientist I can't judge the
the critic and I can't judge the
scientist again when they come behind
the critic now what happens after the
scientist comes back the second time and
says the critic was wrong the critic
comes back in and the critic says no
your objections to my criticism are off
base and here's why and then you read
them and you say okay those sound like
pretty good
reasons to Infinity
whoever talks last in any narrow topic
on climate science you believe whoever
just goes last and so Judith Curry was
agreeing with my uh general statement
that we citizens cannot penetrate the
topic I I I would say with certainty now
this was a suspicion that has now moved
to a certainty in my mind that you
cannot do your own homework and get an
answer on climate science that it just
can't be done and it's because the
pingpong between the opinions will be
infinite and you'll always always get to
a point where you don't understand what
they're saying so even if you let's say
you start at the top and the claim is
something just dead simple sea level is
rising too quickly just a dead simple
claim critic says no it isn't because
this or that scientist comes in and says
yes it is you forgot to include this or
that by about the fourth iteration
they're going to be talking science and
you're gone right they're going to be
talking about words you haven't heard
Concepts you're not aware of contexts
you don't fully understand so if you
think you can follow that chain to a
conclusion and you're not a scientist
you know working in this field that is
just a
hallucination what happens instead and
it's quite obvious to me at this point
is that people have a bias or they're
willing to have a bias I guess and they
simply go down the chain of you know no
yes no yes no yes no until they're
exhausted or they can't find the next
reply and when they can't find the next
reply they say okay the last person I
read that must be the one I don't
exactly know what they said or why but
that last person who talked was pretty
smart so really the people who think
that they have good opinions and that
they've researched and they've come to
their own independent opinion total
illusion all they've done is they've
come down to the bottom of the chain and
they don't know what the next response
is or it hasn't happened or they don't
understand it there's no thinking going
on in the public none no thinking it's
it's an illusion that we're giving
ourselves based on the fact that we
don't have the capability of
understanding the argument now what's
funny is Judith Curry said she agreed
with you know in Broad in a broad way
she agreed with the statement that it
was hard for the citizens to penetrate
the topic and she said this is why you
know I put it in simple form and then
she connected to a document uh that is
just on the question of whether the the
sea level is rising in a in a way that's
unusual now how many pages do you think
her simplification was right so here's
somebody agrees with me that the topic
is too complicated for the average
person so she simplifies it and she
sends me a link to it and then I read it
72
pages one question is sea level rising
yes or no or I mean is it rising in an
unusual way it's the unusual part that's
the important part so because apparently
the sea levels been rising for a long
time 72 pages
to answer the question is sea level
going up or do we
know now I'm pretty
smart but I also don't have infinite
time so I skimmed it you know I looked
at the executive summaries I looked at a
few charts and stuff but that 72 pages
of simplification were so far above my
ability to really judge them for
credibility didn't help me at all all
right didn't help me at all the other
thing that I know for sure is if I took
her her document which by the way was
completely credible meaning that I
looked at it and I thought huh this is a
smart person who knows this topic the
things they're saying must be easy to
check so you wouldn't say something
something that was wrong that was just
so easy to check right so completely
convincing and her her point was that um
that we don't have a signal of human
involvement so far that we can sort out
from the natural variations to know
whether CO2 is making the ocean rise so
far all right which is different from
will it happen in the future but so
far but I also know that if I took her
72-page paper and handed it to any
scientist who's working in the field es
specifically you know ocean sea level
stuff in climate science they would look
at her paper and they would say well
here are all the things she got wrong or
the things she didn't consider or why
why there's some context that matters or
the study that she didn't mention and I
would read the new new one and I would
say okay that looks pretty good I can't
really judge it I'm not a scientist I
don't know if any of the claims are true
but they sure look good and I'm sure
that if I said hey Judith Curry this
scientist who has good credentials just
said that your 72 Pages has some flaws
and it's wrong what would she say do you
think there's any she would say oh
darn good criticism I changed my paper I
changed my mind no there's no chance of
that she would tell you with 100%
certainty she would go in and say no
that scientist got it wrong you know I
say in the original paper and he's
ignoring what I said and what he's what
he's saying has already been debunked by
this paper so I'm actually right after
all Etc forever the scientist would
disagree she would disagree you cannot
penetrate this
topic here are the current outstanding
questions which if uh about climate and
if anybody has anything to add to this I
would love to see it I think I called
for this on Twitter already but I
haven't seen it so there's a skeptical
notion that the CO2 does affect
temperature but that its effect uh
tapers off meaning that the first
amounts of CO2 do affect temperature but
it's it's starts to make less and less
of a difference the more CO2 there is
that seems like maybe the simplest thing
that you could test do you think even
that simple question we could look at
what the scientists say and then look at
what the Skeptics say and again you know
how each of them respond to each other
do you think we could even find out the
answer to that simple
question I don't think so and it it's
the basic question that's driving this
entire thing
no I don't think we can um well let me
put it this way I'm not claiming that
science doesn't know the answer I'm
claiming that we non-scientists will
never know if science knows the answer
we could know maybe how many people are
on each side but when we look at the
arguments we're helpless we we can't
judge the
arguments um and so I I hear some of you
flailing around uh in in your own
hallucinations so so here's somebody
who's hallucinating and you can tell
from the comments somebody said uh CO2
think of it as a tiny oscillation and it
can only absorb so much
right if you believe whoever said that
comment if you believe you have a grasp
on this topic I guarantee you you're
hallucinating CU you do not if I put you
in a room with a bunch of climate
scientists do you think they would say
oh Bob we didn't think of this tiny
oscillating thing nobody had mentioned
before the idea that CO2 might have a
maximum and and you know might might be
saturated this is the first time we've
ever heard that argument do you think
that's going to happen no they're going
to tell you why you're you're full of
baloney and then you're going to find a
skeptic who says why they're full of
baloney Etc forever you cannot penetrate
this topic all right
um that's enough on that let us uh we
might need to double back when the
president does his speech because it's
going to be fun time I'm so interested
to see what he says about all this um oh
can I end with a little
story it's about the
simulation so well I'm going to tell
this story another time I'm going to end
here for today and I will talk to you
maybe this afternoon I'm not sure talk
to you
tomorrow at least bye for now