it will probably amaz and Delight you
that's the plan
anyway amaz and Delight
[Music]
[Music]
you good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams by
the way my new book um it's well it's an
updated book wind bigley second edition
available now but only in hard cover and
you can see it now up on the screen if
you get the blue one the one that's got
the blue background the one you can see
that's the updated one if you go to
Amazon you'll have trouble finding it
Amazon has hidden it so Amazon is not
allowing the uh the Kindle version or
the soft cover we couldn't even get them
improved and we can't can't even figure
out why they're not approved we can't
get any
Amazon so is it a big
coincidence that the book that says that
Trump is good at his job is the one that
they can't get published no probably not
probably not a coincidence so you're
going to have to look extra hard if you
want to see what's real and what's true
and thwart Amazon so that's what the the
book is it's a wind biggly but look for
the one with the blue background that's
the updated one the other ones I don't
get money for by the way if you buy the
the one with the old one with the black
background I don't get anything I get
zero money from that so please don't buy
the one with the black
background all
right let's go back to a better picture
of
me there we go anyway if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
nobody can understand with their shiny
tiny human brains all you need is a cup
or mug or a glass a tanker gelstein a
canteen jugg or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine here
the day the thing that makes everything
better is called the simultaneous Z and
it happens now
go delightful no there is no audio book
yet for wi bigley um everything that I'm
doing has been stopped by one kind of
platform or another uh it's always a
technical problem yeah there's a
technical problem no matter what I do
there's a technical problem that applies
to my material but not other
people's and no I don't think it's a
coincidence so if you want any of my
materials you're going to have to work
for it and if you want the Dilbert
calendar page a day calendar which got
cancelled for last year but it's back
made in
America uh the only place you can find
it is go to dilbert.com if you go to
dilbert.com it'll have the link to
uh to buy it you won't be able to find
it anywhere else in the world it's not
going to be on
Amazon anyway did you know that the CEO
of Netflix endorsed kamla Harris which
apparently is setting off a wave of
cancellations which makes me ask the
following
question why would the CEO of a major
consumer
company um endorse the candidate knowing
it would be devastating
for the
shareholders why would you do
that th doesn't it seem like that's a
violation of your fiduciary
responsibilities if I invest in a
company and they come out and endorse a
candidate and make 50% of their base at
them I'm not going to be too happy with
that CEO now nothing to do with the
politics of it why would you as a CEO do
something so freaking stupid I mean
that's just
stupid is it so how do you explain it
well I've got a
suggestion one way to explain it I don't
know if this is the way but we're being
conspiratorial today you ready do you
remember that uh in the early earlier
part of the last century that the CIA
was definitely talking to Hollywood and
making sure that the movies and the TVs
were compatible with the propaganda and
brainwashing that the government
government wanted to do to the citizens
needed to make us patriotic and want to
join the military and think that America
is the best and all that stuff so we
know that there's a long history of the
CIA and the government uh meddling with
our major media entities what is our
major media entity for movies you watch
at home
Netflix Netflix do you think that
Netflix is completely independent and
has no connection to dark parts of the
government which tell it what it can and
cannot promote and which movies they
should float to the top and which one
should get the most exposure when it's
recommended to
people well I don't know but if the CIA
is doing all those other things and
they're leaving Netflix
alone that would be more of a
story Netflix is the obvious place that
the CIA should put their lever because
it's the big movie out that so if you
were going to do if you were going to do
any kind of control over how people
think you'd go for that one first which
suggests that the founder may have a
cozy relationship with somebody within
the government and may have more at
stake than just the stock price now I
have no information whatsoever to
imagine that anybody at Netflix is
working with anybody in the government
for any reason other than making money
for their shareholders but when you see
the CEO do something that's so plainly
and obviously bad for the stock price
you must ask the following
question
why why would you have a job that is
specifically to make your stock price do
well and then do something that's so
obviously terrible for it I mean really
obviously and he would know it I mean
it's not like is I'm not saying I'm
smarter than him and therefore if he
were smarter he would have known that
this recommendation would no everybody
knows it 100% of everybody in the world
knew that that would cost them a big
amount of money but he did it
anyway now I guess he's a Founder so he
doesn't have to worry about being
replaced by the board but if he hadn't
been a
Founder I would think the board should
replace you if you do something that
Reckless but nope there's probably more
to this story and we don't know what it
is Economist
markandi who uh is a fairly high-profile
Economist um I don't know if you've
heard his name but if you're a nerd like
me I've heard his name and he had
something to say about our current
economy and he's an expert all right so
here's an expert Economist you can trust
an expert Economist can you he's using
data people he's going to use data and
I'm going to tell you the data you
believe data don't you come on come on
on you don't believe data and you don't
believe
experts I I you're just so cynical now
you're so cynical all right I'm going to
read you what the expert Economist said
and then I want each of you who are not
experts you are not well some of you
actually are economists but those of you
who are not economists I want you want
you to see if you can find out what's
wrong with his analysis now remember
you're not an expert and he is so this
will be a tough challenge see if you can
find the tiny small little tiny almost
imperceptible problem with his analysis
okay you
ready Mark xandi says I've hesitated to
say this at the risk of sounding
hyperbolic but with last week's big GDP
revisions there is no denying it this is
among the best performing economies in
my 35 plus years as an economist e now
he he hasn't he hasn't uh Justified his
opinion yet but wait for it because it's
based on data and I think the data is
the accepted data so listen to
this he said economic growth is Rip
roaring with real GDP up 3% over the
past year unemployment is low at near 4%
consistent with full employment that's
an economics term for saying that if it
were less than it is you know if if
employment were any better it would
cause inflation so that's how they say
that they call it full employment uh so
that would be great um inflation is fast
closing in on fed's 2% Target grocery
prices rents and gas place prices are
flat to down over the past year now
remember he's not making the mistake of
saying that prices are down right he's
an economist he's not a politician
politicians say stuff like oh prices are
down no they're not they're way up
inflation is not as bad as it used to be
it's just not but the you know the base
price is still way higher than it should
be so he's smart enough to
know that you have to say it the right
way so he's saying it the right
way and then he says households
Financial Obligations are light and set
to get lighter really household
Financial Obligations are light I didn't
know that but he's probably right about
that um oh with the FED cutting rates
okay so that's going to help interest
rates will go down house prices have
never been higher well okay that's good
if you own a house and most home owners
have more equity in their homes than
ever corporate profits are robust and
the stock market is hitting a record
high in seemingly daily basis and he
says uh you know of course there are
some other things all right so what is
the problem with his analysis do you see
anything is there anything you left
out did you see any any very variable
that you think might matter that's left
out the national
debt the the national debt is on an
unambiguous path toward complete
destruction of the United
States I feel like that should be
mentioned there's not a single thing
that he mentioned that's going well that
would be going well if we hadn't
borrowed and spent more than we have
all of those things he says are good are
based on the fact that we have a
existential Doom cloud like we've never
seen $ 36 trillion do worth of debt and
we don't have any way of paying it back
do do you know how I can make you all
rich I can make you all rich right now
I'll give you all a $10 million loan
that you never have to pay back hey I I
just fixed everything I just made
everybody Rich look at me give me a give
me some kind of Nobel prize in economics
for that yeah if you ignore debt that is
both crushing and
unsolvable things look
great things look
great now how about the fact that young
people can't afford homes and uh they'll
all be replaced by robots pretty soon
well we got problems all right so it's a
political season so you can tell who he
backs politically with without much
effort uh I don't know anything about
his political opinion but based on his
economic opinion leaving out the debt
I'm gonna say he might be a
Democrat might
be
anyway um do you this this next story is
weird all right I'm going to get to all
the big stories but I like to start with
the weird ones um how many of you
remember that the other day it was only
a few days ago
I speculated that playing the game
Tetris specifically specifically Tetris
would be good for your mental
health does anybody remember me saying
that just a few days ago that the game
Tetris would be good for your mental
health I think you remember right well a
few days later there's this story that's
just it's just so weird it I feel like
the simulation must be
the simulation must be it must be real
right so here's a story I see today uh
from upella University wherever that is
a single treatment session including the
video game Tetris reduces PTSD
symptoms they actually tested it they
tested
PTSD for people paying Tetris now
remember what my what my hypoth hthis
was the hypothesis was that our brains
like um things that will you know take
our mind off of our troubles but also
that we're accomplishing things so every
time you you mentally twist one of those
little Tetris blocks in your mind so it
fits together with the other blocks
you're accomplishing a thing and you're
it requires some focus in a part of your
brain remember I talked about shelf
space Yeah the more minutes of your day
you spend thinking about not bad things
the better your mental health so if you
make somebody focus on the the visual
part of their brain you have to use the
visual part of your brain to do the
tatris because you're you're moving
things in your mind before you make them
real that's just a different part of
your brain and that doesn't involve your
memory right your memory is one that's
giving you the PTSD oh that thought that
thought that intrusive thought that
intrusive thought well every single
minute you and not doing that breaks the
Habit PTSD and OCD and those recurring
thought ones the ones where you can't
get the thought on your head that's a
habit the only thing you need to do to
break a habit is something else that's
the solution you just have to find
something else the more time you spend
doing the something else the less of a
habit it becomes so sure
enough and apparently not only does it
work while you're doing it here here's
the real payoff it's a lasting
benefit your PTSD symptoms stay reduced
after you've played for a little while
it stays that way not just the day but
like years you know
presumably
so what are the what are the odds that I
would tell you speculatively that Tetris
would solve your mental health and then
within a few days there would be a story
about Tetris
doing exactly what I said it would do
now I'm not going to brag about being
smart although I'm pretty smart I think
I got this one right because of talent
stack meaning that I'm a trained
hypnotist and so I really pay attention
to the brain as a machine so when I
think of the brain I don't think of
magic and Free Will and your soul and
things I don't even think are real I
think of it as a machine what what did
do the most of did it spend most of its
uh operating Cycles doing this or did it
spend most of its operating Cycles doing
this other thing because you can tell
like a machine what the difference would
be depending on what part of the machine
you're stressing so that's the way I see
it as a hypnotist I see it as a machine
certain parts are stressed certain parts
are used and then you can just kind of
figure out what would happen if you do a
certain
change well there's a the hurricane
disasters is looking pretty bad five
states in the uh in the East the US uh
five states got hit pretty hard millions
are without power still uh people are
missing presume dead we don't know the
numbers yet and um there's a lot of
pressure on FEMA which people say are
not getting it done but uh it was
pointed out today that FEMA's number one
goal their number one goal is to make
sure that when there's a
disaster uh they save as many lives and
as much property as they can that's
their number one goal number one goal
for
FEMA oh wait I read that wrong no their
number one goal that's not that's not
their number one goal their number one
goal is quote instill Equity as a
foundation of Emergency Management so
more of a Dei thing that's their number
one goal so if you're going to judge
FEMA because a bunch of people died or
they didn't do enough I don't think
that's fair because you'd be judging
them against a standard which is not
their standard their standard is how
much did they support equity and Dei and
I think they did a good job on that so
all of you complainers who are saying oh
oh but the lights are off and we don't
have food and people are drowning and we
can't find them and there's not enough
resources stop
whining they got the equity just right
and and that was their number one
priority
so
so anyway um you might know somebody who
predicted that if Dei became a top
priority no with no uh con let's see
with h nothing to do with anybody's
genes or culture or gender or anything
like that it is a system which on paper
should destroy the country in other
words if you look at it like a machine
you say all right suppose the country is
a machine and it has these various
moving Parts what would happen if you
threw a bunch of gravel into it well if
you're not a idiot you'd know
that putting gravel into a machine is a
really bad idea so in this case the
gravel they're throwing in their fuma
machine is Dei I love the idea of having
our big organizations represent the
actual public I love that I do think
that are big important industries and
governments should they should as you
know in an Ideal World should represent
the people who live here should look a
little bit like the public but if you
force it it's gravel in the machine and
there's just no way around that so we
should predictably see a failure in all
of our major institutions and we should
see the failure happening first in the
government because the government is
pushing the hardest
and been doing it the longest so sure
enough FEMA's getting a lot of bad
attention by the way I don't know that
FEMA's doing a bad
job uh I'm just saying that the critics
are saying that I feel like
FEMA's one of those agencies that will
never seem like it's doing enough
because if you're in an emergency if
you're the person who's in the emergency
you never really think they're doing
enough so I'm not entirely sure they're
failing but the criticisms are out there
um well it turns out that there's a
proposed lawsuit against the Secret
Service um because of their Dei goals
apparently they were trying to reach 30%
female Workforce there is allegedly a
nonprofit uh that's defending women's
issues so it's a weird entity to be
doing this but a some nonprofit uh is
going to Pur the Secret Service for what
it alleges is quote arbitrary diversity
equality and inclusion that harms female
employees why does that harm female
employees so it sounds like some right
leaning entity is trying to trying to do
the best they can but make it look a
little confusing for their own influence
reasons
um so so whether or not this lawsuit is
effective we won't don't know but we do
know that uh there are criticisms of the
Secret Service especially that handling
the uh the Trump
situations and uh some have said that
Dei is directly responsible for that
incompetence we don't know that for sure
but on paper if you took the Secret
Service and you thought of it as a
machine and then you said to yourself I
wonder what would happen if I threw a
bunch of gravel into this machine called
the Secret Service what do you think I'm
going to say next
it's exactly what it should be these are
the most predictable outcomes in the
world if the Dei stuff had nothing to do
with the uh the failure of the Trump
protection which is possible in the same
way that FEMA might be operating really
well you know and maybe the critics are
going overboard don't know but I can
tell you that whether or not these are
real failures caused by Dei the system
as it's designed is throwing travel into
the machines and there's no way I can't
destroy them whether it's happened yet
that's still a
question meanwhile KL Harris says she
wants to appoint the first woman to run
the
Pentagon what do you think I'm going to
say about
that yes she wants to bring Dei to the
Pentagon not only is she the Dei
candidate because she is let's face it
uh K Harris would not be the candidate
if she were not a person of color and a
woman we all know that and so she's the
Dei
commander-in-chief who is committed to
use Dei to staff the military at the
top so uh what do you think I'm going to
say about uh the machine that's the
military and throwing some
gravel in the machine it's going to do
exactly what you think it's going to do
exactly what you think is going to do
but on top of that there's something
that's very different about the military
compared to everything else and I need
to say this as often as possible because
if you don't understand this we're all
dead like actually dead dead you know
not hyperbole dead but the dead kind
where you're not breathing
kind it goes like
this
discrimination is immoral and ethical
and unwise and it's not good for you in
almost any domain you could think of so
if it's employment discrimination don't
do it bad for you bad for them bad for
society uh if it's in your personal
relationships don't be a fool you should
at least be open to any any group having
you know the love of your life come out
of it if you're choosing friends it's
hard to have friends at all if you can
find any kind of friends don't close
yourself off because of race and gender
and stuff like that so for most of the
things that are the common things that
people do in the world discrimination
should be drummed out of it and we
should be trained not to be thinking
like that and it's not good for anybody
in most of those domains there is
however one
exception
self-defense self-defense doesn't have
any
discrimination um
variable if you're trying to protect
yourself you can discriminate as much as
you want the only requirement is
whatever is in your own head nobody can
tell you that's immoral nobody can tell
you it's unethical nobody can tell you
it's
inappropriate you're just looking for
what works because if you don't find
what works you're dead that's what
self-defense is so if you're going to
discriminate in
self-defense all that matters is did you
do a good job of it
did you discriminate well for example
wouldn't it be great if people who have
physical disabilities are not completely
borrowed from the uh workplace yeah
that's probably good because a lot of
people have disabilities all kinds so
making some accommodations for our
citizens in the workplace it definitely
has a cost I know why people complain
about it when I own a small business I
didn't like building a ramp and you
having all these wheelchair things that
literally nobody ever used but I also
appreciate it I know where it's coming
from I don't mind that expense to me
that's it's it's an expense but to me
that seems like where we want to be as a
people you know not letting people go
because they got a bad leg or something
right but when it comes to protecting
yourself you can discriminate all you
want and I don't think that women should
be in charge of Defense
because I don't think they're good at it
now there could be Exceptions there
could be a a specific exception that I'd
say okay all right tulsey gabard she's
been in the military I've heard her talk
okay you can be
commander-in-chief
fine um and you could come up with you
know 10 more names pretty easily where
you'd say okay yeah that that one
individual definitely should be
commander-in-chief but if you're
starting with you're starting with they
should be
female you're into the DI Dei foret kind
of situation now I'm no expert on the
military but are there any women who
have been in serious combat extended
combat who would also be qualified to be
you know leading military groups because
I feel like you need to have been really
really in the th of War to be a good
General CU you need to know what doesn't
work as as well as what works from the
ground up so I think men should be in
charge of the military because we're
biologically suited for it I think women
should take the lead on what the
abortion laws are and while men
certainly retain all their rights and
certainly have a say about spending
money the laws themselves are better
suited for women to figure it out um
just because it it keeps the country
together you at least if women are on
the same side of abortion and by the way
women and men don't have that much
different opinion on on the topic it's
more like Republican versus Democrat so
if you let the women work it out and
just tell the men what they figured out
and then we just go with it that would
be the equivalent sort of the the the
balancing for women I'm asking can you
let the men do the defense you're really
going to be better off now I'm not
saying that every man who could be a
general would do a better job than every
woman who could be a general that's
obviously not true but don't push it
right let it happen naturally you know
if if a if a Tulsi gyber gets the
nomination for president
someday then you'd say would she
specifically be a good
commander-in-chief probably yes probably
yes but don't just push it and say we
got to get a woman in there heading the
military that's that's gravel in the
machine
all
right California um according to
Politico um passed the law to prevent
the local governments from requiring ID
for voting that's because there was one
place in California Huntington Beach
that wanted to require people to show
photo ID at the polling places to vote
and Governor Nome said no there's one
thing we don't want in this state is
that knowing that people who voted um
are allowed to vote
now can you come up with a second reason
why this would be the law in California
what's the second
reason or or a reason give give me a
reason
um if you ask them they'll say well we
don't want to um let's see uh discourage
people from voting and uh um I think um
yeah it would be disen franchising some
people
and are those even real reasons they
don't even sound like real reasons it
doesn't even sound like somebody's
trying to do a good job of lying to you
to me this is completely transparent we
plan to cheat here's how we plan to do
it we plan to have a bunch of uh you
know people who can't vote who are not
citizens we plan to have them vote
anyway and then we're going to make sure
it's too late to reverse vers
it it's right in front of
you there there's not the slightest
doubt what the plan is it's right there
right in front of you apparently there
are 14 states that do not require voter
ID at the polls let me guess let's see
14 States well we know one is California
let's see I wonder what kind of States
Florida is the no Florida they require
ID see what other states so Texas would
no Texas of course would require
ID oh it's all the Democrat
States yeah all the blue
States um except one
Illinois somebody saying now I don't
know if it's all the blue States it's 14
so there might be one that's not blue
but clearly the reason for it is
fraud it's not like there's a second
reason for this there is no second
reason it's just fla fraud it's just
fraud and it's right in front of
you anyway so Trump said again Breitbart
News is reporting that uh um he vows to
prosecute Google at the maximum levels
for election
interference now election interference
in this context is that they've
allegedly rigged the search results so
it says more good things about Harris
toward the top and and it's harder to
find good things about Trump now is it
true of course it is yes it's very true
it's 100% true it is election
interference it is illegal I think I'm
no lawyer but to me it looks like
election interference and it looks
intentional and it looks like it's
transparent it looks like management has
said it directly you know if you've seen
the videos of the Google leaders all
being sad when Trump won the first time
and vowing it wouldn't happen again well
what do you think that
means of course it means that it's
rigged of course it does now here's
what's smart about Trump uh threatening
him when when a Google employee whoever
it is makes a change to the algorithm
and they know it's making a change
that's negative for Trump what do you
think they think about that
today probably not much of anything
it's like oh yeah let's just tweak this
it's a bad for that bad Trump guy it's
good for Harris little tweak go back to
work here's what they should be thinking
if I change that am I going to go to
jail that's what they should be thinking
they should be thinking if I change this
code just a little bit will I go to
jail they should be thinking that
because the things they're doing are
just horrifically
undemocratic and and yeah they should go
to jail they should absolutely be in
jail so if they're not thinking about
that when they tweak something they need
to start they need to start thinking
what jail is going to be like you should
picture it I'm sitting there in jail and
I'm sitting there in
jail and I'm still sitting there in jail
because there's not much to do in jail
except get abused I guess
so very good messaging so the long
shoreman are going to strike I think
that's tonight or something
um and I don't know what they're asking
for but they better worry about robots
because if I were a shipping
company I'd certainly be looking at
robots to do my long shoreman work
eventually so they got that to worry
about so I can see why they'd want to
organize they've got a lot a lot of
reasons to do that
um I'm going to give you the most
contrarian view you've ever heard you
ready this strike which allegedly will
be a big problem for the supply chain it
will involve some kinds of foods maybe
fruits coming from outside the company
country uh it won't starve us you know
we're not going to run out of food but
maybe some specific kinds of foods and
then materials that we need for prod
products
Etc so it's going to be really really
inconvenient and we're not going to like
it here's the contrary
intake our supply roots and and Supply
chains we learned during the pandemic
were woefully
terrible and we didn't really have
backups and secondary ways to do things
but we created a bunch because we had to
when the supply chains got broken people
you know quickly compensated
I think we need to break the supply
chains a few more times because if we
don't break them in like serious ways
they'll never be
fixed in other words we'll never uh
we'll never have a reason to build the
startup that could be the alternative
you know it wouldn't it be great if they
did the strike but then immediately some
startup pops up and says you know what
we've got this Fleet of electric ships
or whatever and we can do this at half
the cost we just need a chance oh here's
your
chance
so I don't have a completely negative
feeling about the strike first of all I
I'm Pro Union I think the union if
they're not getting what they
need and there's money to you know make
them whole sure um but I but I do think
that uh it could be good for the system
just just to force some Alternatives um
so that we're less less susceptible in
the
future that might be a little too
optimistic but I'm feeling optimistic
today Andrew
huberman PhD says there's more data
showing that cardio cardiovascular
exercises improves your brain function
in the hours that follow now apparently
cardio does much better than just
lifting or resistance straining in terms
of your mental cognition now if you do
too much
it'll make you stupid so if you run to
the point where you just you know you're
done you're not going to be thinking too
well
either but if you do like a good cardio
like a healthy level of cardio for
whatever stage of life you're at
apparently that has a lasting brain
benefits um as somebody who does
creative stuff for a living and I spend
lots of hours doing it my biggest
my biggest challenge always has been
managing my energy and my mental state
because you need to be kind of in your
top 2% to do what I do you know if
you're if you're operating at 95% just
nothing
happens you can't really be creative at
a commercial level if you're operating
at 95% just nothing happens yeah you got
to get into that 99% of your own best
before anything can happen so I've been
playing with this variable of exercise
excise and from my own anecdotal
experience um doing resistance training
makes me tired and doing some cardio if
it doesn't go too bad allows me to
really concentrate on work and get stuff
done so
anecdotally it feels right feels about
right to me cardio but don't overdo it
is good for your brain John Cary said we
talked about this before but like I
can't get it out of my mind he said this
quote at some event our first amendment
stands as a major block to the ability
to be able to hammer uh disinformation
and of existence what we need is to win
the right to govern by hopefully winning
enough votes that were free to be able
to implement change Implement
change to the First
Amendment the freedom of
speech
H um the New York timer the new I'm
sorry the New Yorker publication
uh has a article in which the title is
is it time to torch the
Constitution quote some Scholars say
that it's to blame for our political
dysfunction and that we need to start
over Okay so John car is questioning the
First Amendment the New Yorker left
leaning publication thinks it might be
time to torch the com Constitution or at
least we should talk about it and uh RFK
Jr that recent podcast said that uh 37
hours after Harrison Biden were
installed in the White House they open
an illegal portal between the social
media Giants and the FBI CIA CDC to
begin rampant
censorship so it appears that
Democrats uh need or they say they need
rampant um censorship in order to run
the country otherwise it's going to be
chaos now you've heard me say and I'm
going to Triple down on it no country
can survive Free Speech we''ve never had
it we've never had it the way they
controlled our free speech in the past
is by brainwashing us so that when we
thought we were speaking freely we were
just mimicking what we've been
brainwashed to say so you can have
something that feels like free speech so
long as you've been brainwashed to only
say the things that are appropriate and
so long as the entities that reported
the news were controlled by the
government so if you said something that
wasn't part of the brainwashing well you
didn't get on the news or if you did
they mocked you as some kind of
communist criminal and you should be
ignored now once the government no no
longer controls the
news and social media is sort of
brainwashing people more randomly as
opposed to the government doing it now
you got a problem because actual Free
Speech where people are not brainwashed
into their opinion but rather it comes
to them through some some sense of some
set of
variables um that's dangerous
stuff that's dangerous and no I don't
think any country has ever survived that
I think that people there there's always
some other either commercial or
embarrassment or shame there's always
some Force to keep you from saying what
you maybe think you should say so we'
never really have free speech and I
don't think we could survive it but we
do need to get back to the illusion of
it the illusion of free speech is
important the actual free speech is less
important
now how much this matters depends on how
bad your government is if your
government is
terrible than not having free speech is
the disaster if your if your government
is chugging along okay let's say a
George Bush Senior kind of a world or
you know Reagan second term kind of a
world you don't really care too much
people can say what they want we can
argue about it things are going fine
it's just when you've got a really bad
government uh that's when the Free
Speech going away is an existential risk
and I would say that the Democrats
collectively I don't know what's wrong
like some say it's a Marxist thing I
don't know but there's something
terribly terribly broken in that the
things that they're doing appear to be
designed to destroy the
country meaning that if I gave you a set
of democrat policies and didn't tell you
they're Democrat policies and I said
instead there's a terrible entity that's
trying to destroy the United States look
at the things they're doing and if you
looked at the things on their list you'd
say oh wow they're pushing Dei yeah
that's gravel in the machine that's
obviously that can't be for the benefit
of the country uh they're wait they're
not they're not checking voter ID well
that looks like it's designed for I
don't know what but not for good
elections oh they're trying to limit our
Free Speech
what you know almost everything that
they're doing if you saw it on paper and
it had not been identified as Democrat
policy you would think it was a plan to
destroy the United States I mean it's
that blatantly obviously what the hell
are you thinking
situation anyway uh according to George
it's an account on uh on X that you
should follow
um Austria just had an election and the
uh I guess what is being called their
far right they might not call it that
just one and I don't think people were
necessarily expecting it but the the
side that one is anti-immigration
um and they're for Mass deportation and
their their model is Hungary with Victor
Orban who's sort of on the same page
with that
stuff so and they're opposed to
sanctions against
Russia and they see Ukraine as a a NATO
provoked all right and they're very
angry oh okay that's according to a
leftist Professor but he's probably not
too far
off um some say this is a sign of what's
coming in the United
States is
it you would expect that there would be
some natural push back and there is yeah
there is I don't know if it's telling us
what's going to happen in the United
States but I'm putting Austria on my
list of Escape countries if I ever have
to leave the United States I'm going to
say Austria hello hello can you take one
more they're anti-immigration though so
I don't know if I'll get
in it's like the good news and the bad
news hey the good news is there's a
country that might survive the bad news
is the reason they're going to survive
is they don't let people like me into
the
country all
right uh the new polls are coming out uh
Trump's now ahead in Pennsylvania
according to four different polls Atlas
Intel Insider advantage rasmuson and fox
uh those all flipped in the last couple
of weeks last couple of weeks H we get
getting closer to the election things
are
changing um MSNBC is reporting the
Democrats are losing ground with latino
voters I saw an Eric abante post on this
also great follow on X um 40% of
Hispanics said they'd vote for Trump now
you might say but 40% that's not so good
that's less than half but here's what it
used to look like uh the Democrat
Advantage
um there in 2012 in 2012 the Democrats
had a 44 point
Advantage for Hispanic voters 44 point
difference yeah that's huge but it went
down a little bit by 2016 Trump had
gotten that down I don't know if it's
because of trump but it down to
38 38 is a big big
difference in
2020 it fell again to
33 it's a big change but 33 is still a
big big
difference current
polling
14 so the the advantage the Democrats
had went from 44 38 33 and just cut by
more than half
and the closer they are to the the
border the more pro- Republican they
are now I don't know if that's because
they're close to the
Border uh or they're just in Republican
area so maybe they just lean that way I
don't know but uh there could be some
surprises coming uh Steve Cortez Steve
Cortez I don't know why I pronounced it
wrong but Steve Cortez has a new fil
Mount called Bad ombres now remember
that's what uh Trump said there were
some bad ombr coming across the border
and then the Democrat said he's calling
everybody a bad ombre
no no he's saying that some of them are
bad ombres so it's the name of uh his
film Google it to figure out where it is
Steve Cortez just search for bad ombr
new video I recommend it I haven't seen
it but I'll I'll watch it I just saw
heard about it this morning
well here's a little uh sleeper variable
for the election let's see who saw this
coming you know have you been wondering
if the Lara Trump and the Republican
organizers are doing a good job now
we're hearing Scott Pressler doing an
amazing job in Pennsylvania registering
people we know that uh there going to be
something like a 100,000 lawyers and
observers for the election that sounds
pretty serious so the these are clearly
good things are happened I think Lara
was behind supporting Scott presler so
you're seeing you're seeing all these
hints of smart effective things coming
out of the
Republicans well here's one I didn't
know about turns out there's been an
effort to organize churches so that the
churches will help collect mailin
ballots where it's legal now that would
be called harvesting but it's not
illegal everywhere it's legal to say can
I can I help you take this to the
mailbox so churches are
organized
and that could be a really a really big
difference if the churches uh fully
Embrace mail and voting and they start
collecting it in the church and getting
everybody to sit there and fill out
their Ballot or whatever they're going
to do I think this could be a sleeper
variable
because the the uh left leaning news is
sort of it's invisible to them they're
not really covering Republican Church
Gatherings so I don't know it's too
early to say because I don't know what
numbers are involved but given that the
swing states have you know small margins
if you get the churches really
organized it feels like that delivers
votes more than most things right if if
the church is collect itively doing
something it seems like the church
members are going to be really
influenced by that so could be a big
deal all right here's something funny I
saw on X a an account called pachy
Keenan I don't know if that's a real
name or I don't know just a a name for
Twitter but pachy Keenan talked about
Harris wals and I'm just going to read
it because the writing is so good but it
also sort of nails
um en Nails a feeling that i' had not
been able to capture all right so pich
Keenan says quote men are grossed out by
kamla Tim because there's nothing to
hook them the man in quotes on the
ticket is a weird little troll like
creep with bilateral limp
wrists and the female is a sexlist vapid
HR boss Who projects deep hatred of
masculine men both couples seem like
onic relationships at best and possibly
one beard
situation Trump Vance on the other hand
are red-blooded hetero males with a
healthy appreciation for biological
women their wives are lovely and po it's
a much more authentic relatable ticket
and he and peachy says that Harris wals
appeals to oddballs blitzed on mood
enhancers and sterilized by long-term
birth control and gender studies
phds yeah
that pretty much captured
it and then I saw Jen saki was
interviewing Doug mhof and she's been
pushing this idea that uh wals and mhof
are uh are the new
masculinity so so she actually said to
Doug emhof in an interview she said you
reshaped the perception of masculinity
let me just say
this if you ever really want to get
under my skin and give me an insult that
will like really you know get to the get
to my
core typically I'm pretty you know thick
skinned people insult me all day on
social media I don't really think about
it by the time I'm going to bed right
sometimes I respond but it doesn't
really doesn't really get to me but if
you really really wanted to insult me
like deeply deeply insult me here's what
you should
say Scott looks like you reshaped the
perception of
masculinity oh yeah we screw
you I don't have to take that from
you yeah that's what I'd say uh but the
more important thing is that Doug mhof
does not have a brother named
Jack I'll give you a minute you can work
on that at at home Doug mhof does not
have a brother named
Jack all right everybody caught up all
right good
good um Trump apparently is going hard
at the idea that Harris is an idiot um
he's called her stupid mentally impaired
and
disabled um and you might say to
yourself how could such a person be
doing so well well easily one of the
biggest uh demographic groups in the
United States is people who are stupid
mentally impaired and disabled mentally
disabled and uh they seem to love her
you know why she looks good to
them and I'm not even
joking you know in in Prior elections
and Hillary Clinton would' be one H
whatever you want to say about Hillary
Clinton she's not stupid can we all
agree on that she's
brilliant maybe evil but she's not dumb
and you know if you looked at other
women who have run for office you know
Nikki haey um you could name several
other Democrats are do any of them
register as dumb no no some of them you
might prefer or not prefer but none of
the ones none of the women who ran for
president look dumb but she does and and
I'm not saying that just politically she
actually looks dumb
and so I love Trump going after for that
uh but it might backfire because there's
so many in that demographic group that
they might say wait we have a dumb
candidate finally somebody who can
represent
me have I told you that I sometimes test
my
persuasion by using non-standard terms
to see if they pop up in some other
context because if if I persuaded using
ordinary words and then my persuasion
like influenc somebody else I wouldn't
really know it because they would just
be ordinary people using ordinary
words so one of the things I did
intentionally several months ago is I
tried to see if I could um brand uh the
Democrat policies and specifically the
Harris policies as quote batshit crazy
does anybody remember me saying I was
going to try to insert that term into
the political
conversation I want to see in the
comments do you remember me saying that
or
no anyway it was my
intention to not say I don't like these
policies or these policies are good for
some people but bad for others you know
the usual things you say some of the
policies such as price
controls they're batshit crazy they are
just bat crazy and for a while I
was saying that every day on social
media and and on my live streams well I
guess yesterday Senator Lindsey Graham
called V uh called Harris's policies bat
crazy and he said it on a live
broadcast nicely done lindsy Graham
nicely done now we we have collectively
you know found reasons to criticize
lindsy Graham on this or that but if
we're being fair this was really good
because it became a
headline and I think we need to reframe
this is not Democrat versus Republican
because this time it doesn't look like
it every other election looked like it
to me you know they all look like oh
Democrat versus Republican this is
batshit crazy brain dead Walnut brain
stupid idiot against a candidate
who's
interesting this is not just two
political opinions there's no
philosophical difference going on here
there's one is just bash sh crazy and
the the micro the MSNBC you know the the
main propagandist who support the
Democrats they're just bashit
crazy I probably looked at five
different clips from MSNBC that were
sent to me this morning do you know why
people sent me the
clips for
humor for humor and nothing was added in
other words nobody had to add the
comment look what they're doing or uh
look how they cover this topic or
nothing they just simply send me exactly
what MSNBC said and I just go oh my God
oh my God like I can't even believe it
and I just laugh at it so MSNBC is
literally morphed into no longer
anything like a news entity it just
looks like this weird propaganda
brainwashing operation full of people
who were mentally ill it just looks like
a monkey dance it's it's like total
random mental illness going on the
monkey part was not a racial term I
wasn't thinking of any particular people
it's just monkeys are funny there are
plenty of white people who work at MSNBC
don't take me out of context all
right um apparently there's this leaked
telephone conversation between between
Arizona's Democrat Governor and
Secretary of State and this is reported
by the Gateway pundit Jordan
conradson and apparently this uh
telephone call they were worried and
trying to figure out what to say about
98,000 voters that were part of a
registration glitch now I think the
glitch was we couldn't tell if they were
citizens so there were close to a
100,000
people who
if they voted you wouldn't know if they
were legal
votes now I don't know if they were
legal or not but you wouldn't know
because somehow it got disconnected from
from knowing who's uh who's actually
eligible to vote so apparently they were
per perfectly aware that uh if it became
known that they had 100,000 voter
mistake that it would show that the
whole system is messed up now you know
what's
interesting that
the thing we know for sure is that our
elections are pristine and that there
was no cheating involved and yet every
single day I hear multiple reports of
irregularities that can't be explained
or are transparently illegal
Andor
broken we have the most broken system of
all systems and yet for the last several
years we've been told they're
perfect no problem they're they're not
auditable by
Design well who makes it who makes an
election system that can't be
audited by
Design only people cheating there is no
second answer to that question nobody
builds something that can't be audited
by
Design unless they don't want it to be
audited because they plan to cheat
there's no other
reason all
right there was a big rescue the
Republic event yesterday uh that looked
like a big success in terms of turnout
and big big names speakers RFK Jr and
telsey gabard and Jordan Peterson and on
and on and on it was quite a slate of
stars but I don't know what it was
trying to
accomplish uh but only because I don't
know I'm not saying it didn't accomplish
anything I I'm just saying what were
they trying to get
done was there something specific we
were trying to get out of that or just
raise some attention for some points of
view yeah Matt taib was there I heard he
was
great yeah okay so I'm a little
underformed on the topic but if somebody
could let me know what was the objective
of that I could tell you if I thought
they met it but um my guess is it got
covered by all the right-wing
media and it got ignored by the rest
unless they said a bunch of racists met
today so I don't know if it moved the
needle but I don't know if that's what
it was supposed to do you know may maybe
there was multiple variables involved so
let me know if you if you think that mov
the needle in some way that I'm I'm
missing well let's talk about Hezbollah
according to the Wall Street
Journal uh Israel's been carrying out
these small targeted raids in Lebanon
and the suggestion is um
that they're going in on the ground
Israel will make a ground assault on
Lebanon to try to get rid of Hezbollah
once and for
all um now the IDF has confirmed that
they killed the commander of Hamas in
leanon I don't know what the commander
is so it's not the head guy the head guy
senoir is still around but uh they took
out another
leader now you really have to ask you
your does Israel know at all times where
all the leaders are or did somehow they
just got lucky and found out just when
they needed to kill them all because it
looks to me like they have some kind of
permanent program where they know where
every bad guy leader is all the time it
seems like a big coincidence they could
get them all in a week so I mean the the
pager thing didn't require them to know
where they were I guess so that was
different
so it looks like the war is on they're
going to go in and take care of
business um it looks
like if you judge based on what they've
done so far they've crippled the
communication which means it would be
hard for Hezbollah to respond with a
massive rocket attack at the same time
because it would be hard to get the
notice to everybody to do things
simultaneously so if they can't
communicate well and all the leaders
have been taken out this would be the
time to attack if they're going to
attack ever this would be the time to do
it um Iran says they they won't send
forces to help
Hezbollah why would they say
it it's interesting that they say it it
would be one thing not to do
it but why do they say they're not going
to send forces because doesn't that make
it safer for Israel to go in or do they
figure Israel is going in no matter what
and they might as well at least avoid
the avoid being painted in that same uh
brush even though they're the on
supporting
Hezbollah well over in Saudi Saudi
Arabia has banned all public displays of
support for uh Palestine Hamas and
Hezbollah so if you basically said
something to even support them you get
arrested in Saudi Arabia so remember
there was a story that said that the
Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia was uh not
interested in the Palestinian problem
and then they tried to clean it up and
say no no no he's totally interested but
only because his citizens are interested
he's not interested personally he
doesn't think that he should be spending
time on it but there are people in the
country who think it's important so he's
acknowledging the importance of his
citizens but at the same time he's
acknowledging that the citizens have
this view he's making it very clear that
he doesn't
and it makes sense because they're big
competitors Iran so the Palestinians and
Hamas and
Hezbollah are allied with his enemies so
it makes sense that he would be trying
to suppress them without making too big
a deal with his own
public um the
AP referred to uh nazala the head of
Hezbollah that got taken out as
charismatic and shrewd in one of their
headlines charismatic and shrewd let's
see how did they re how did they treat
Republican uh Senator Jim inhoff when he
died uh they called him uh he C he
called human cause climate change of
hoax so there the AP is Kinder to the
head of Hezbollah than a Republican
senator yep that's a real thing that
happened if I haven't mentioned it the
Dilbert 2025 calendar death calendar is
of available now you can pre pre- bu it
go to dilbert.com to get the link it's
the only place you can get it you can't
get it on Amazon but you can get my book
Win bigly Second Edition look for the
one with the blue cover that's the only
one I get money for the other ones I
think are pirated or used books or
something but there's a original the
Black cover one don't buy that one that
one doesn't help me at all it's not the
updated one
all
right ladies and gentlemen I think I've
said what I need to say for today uh
Monday is going to be
lit um I'd watch the polls as you know
the polls are going to get a little more
honest in the month of October because
all the pollsters have to become honest
the month before the election you're
going to see that in the next two weeks
or so because they don't want to
suddenly close the gap like a week
before the election you need a good
solid
month and that means by the middle of
October the polls should be close to
something like reality and then we're
going to find out some interesting stuff
like who's ahead we'll see if your
anecdotal sense of things makes a
difference now I didn't mention this
before but uh Bill M on Friday said that
he can't tell what's true anymore
because he reads one source that says
crime is up and another source that says
it's down and you can't tell and he's
getting very close to my opinion the all
data is
fake but I would ask you this on the
question of whether the crime is up or
down what's it feel
like if you ignore the news just ignore
the news like the news never happened
your own life my neighborhood has been
burgled three times in the last 18
months that's never happened before
there was a somebody you know gunned
down in in front of a uh Home Depot in
my town I think it was a year or so ago
but that was unusual like we don't get
that kind of gun violence usually it's
you know somebody who knows somebody
pretty well but not a not a random
shooter so my experience is that crime
is way up and then when I see pictures
of the sidewalks in the major cities I
say well looks like crimes way up and I
see the Sentinel deaths are you know
higher than ever and I say looks to me
like crimes up so if you can't tell what
the data is telling
you you might want to ignore the news
and just look at your own situation
because remember the news is is pushing
narrative on both sides it's not like
one side's honest and the other's a
narrative both sides are pushing a
narrative if if it feels like it's more
dangerous where you are it probably is
you're probably right about that so I'd
go with that does seem that that the
crime is worse in some ways there might
be some categories where it's
not all
right
um it's a fact of life all
right now it was an Oakland resident who
killed the guy at the Home Depot it was
not the people waiting to be picked up
to
work um the lived experience yeah you
can use it yourself the lived experience
all right people that's all I got I'm
going to talk to the uh subscribers on
locals privately the rest of you I'll
see you same time tomorrow thanks for
joining on X and Rumble and YouTube bye
for now and locals coming at you in 30
seconds
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e