[Music]
all right good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and you've never had a
better time but if you'd like to take
this experience up to levels and nobody
can even understand with their tiny
shiny brains all you need for that
there's a cuper mug or a glass of tager
chel a Stein a canteen jug a flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine end of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and darn it it's
happening right now
go yeah we don't have access to YouTube
or Rumble today the the rumble studio is
got a little difficulty sort of a Monday
problem but uh I will upload the uh
content from locals to the other
platforms but we're good on locals and
we're sort of almost good on X so we're
going to do it by the way there was a
French study that says that coffee has
astonishing powers to protect your
memory it might even be good against
Alzheimer's that's right so the odds of
you remembering this live stream very
good if you had you coffee that says
study by rolling out khil best is
writing about
that well um are you all waiting for the
uh Epstein files and the JFK files and
the MLK files all waiting for
those good
luck I don't think there's really any
chance we're going to see anything we
don't know or anything shocking if we
see anything maybe we'll never see
anything but uh lower your expectations
to
zero zero would be the right
place uh according to sa post Eric Dolan
is writing about this uh have you ever
seen these online quizzes where you can
decide who you should vote for so you
say things like uh are you in favor of
this policy or this policy and then you
fill it out and then it says oh you're a
Democrat you should vote for this person
or you're a
republican well according to a study um
I think that the person involved with
this you may have heard of U Robert
Epstein so he's done studies of Google
and Google's influence but he finds that
these online surveys are more than just
casual online surveys apparently they
bias you toward One Direction or another
so they can sort of turn you into a
Democrat voter if you were on the fence
so very diabolical so watch out if you
see one of those
uh let me tell you who you should vote
for surveys they are meant to persuade
not to inform so just know that that's a
trick you've been
warned well according to one americ news
are saying that doge is reporting that
uh during the co
period
[Music]
um this is so bad it's just
funny uh the $312 million loans that
were meant for small businesses during
covid uh were taken out by
children so we don't know if they're
real children but they seem to be
children in other words fake $312
million of fake loans to
Children it seems to me fairly
consistent that whenever there's a large
bunch of money from the government for
anything at all it's gigantic fraud
every time because they don't seem to do
any kind of auditing or any kind of
accounting or any kind of checking to
see who gets it we should just maybe
give no money to anybody you know if
this were the only story
today it I would be filled with
outrage because my tax money went to
loans to Children uh but I I'm having
outrage exhaustion anybody else have
that it's like every time I look at
social media oh there's another $100
million somebody
stole oh there's another 200 million
somebody stole and it all starts just
looking like Baseline after a while so I
worry that we will stop being outraged
by stories that are really
outrageous well there's a new AI that
everybody's talking about called Manis
and it's a Chinese Ai and the people who
have tested it and written about it on
social media seem to be blown away by
how good it is so it's not a regular AI
it's uh it's an AI
agent now the difference between a
regular AI an AI agent is that regular
AI you can talk to it and then ask it
questions and it can give you good
answers and it can tell you how to code
something but an agent you can just tell
to go do a thing and then it'll go do a
thing now I'm not I'm not entirely clear
about what things it could have access
to which of your other apps or your
databases or whatever but apparently
it's wowing the people who are trying it
and they think uh that China is not only
not behind the United States and AI but
if you look at Deep seek and you look at
Manis uh together they suggest that
China might already be be ahead now it
could be that the only thing they're
ahead in is doing things that we
wouldn't do here such as unleashing an
agent you know because the agent feels
like that's a security
risk and you would not be surprised that
Tennessee is the first state to already
baned so man has just came within the
week it's already banned in Tennessee
and I think uh there's more efforts by
other attorney generals to ban all the
Chinese AIS to ban deep seek and
probably more of them want to ban Manis
probably a good idea um I could tell you
that there's not a chance I would put
that on my computer I would never put on
my computer something that's not only a
Chinese AI but it's an
agent isn't that just asking for it it's
even called it's even called an agent it
just sounds like the most dangerous
thing you could put on your
computer meanwhile according to the Wall
Street Journal one in four new US jobs
posted are going to ask for AI skills so
it's not just that they want you to be
an AI expert but that whatever your job
is you should have a little capability
with AI now if I could give you any job
advice whatsoever it would be learn AI
you know you don't have to learn how to
create it you know that's that's for
other people but you should know which
AI do what and you should know generally
how to make it do some stuff and you
should know how to ask a questions and
how to query things and um you should
know AI it's not really optional if
you're going to be a job Seeker
especially so make sure you know
AI meanwhile uh Justin Trudeau is out
and uh mark Carney is got the new
leadership position that looks like
he'll be the the next prime minister as
soon as they call it for a vote I guess
that's how their system works so he's
not officially the Prime Minister but
there's nothing that would stop him from
being one as soon as they go through the
process but uh here are some of the
things we know about him he was a
banker and apparently he spent a lot of
time in the UK because he was not only a
former Central Banker for Canada but he
was a former Central Banker for the
UK interesting now uh here's what uh one
critic on social media said so this is
not representative of anything but one
critics opinion somebody named John Paul
Berg said about uh
Carney the new head of Canada that he
doesn't hold elected office meaning that
he's never won an El election by the
public in at large I guess and uh Nory
lived here in over a decade meaning
Canada so he hasn't lived in Canada for
a
decade he must have moved back recently
and he's a self-described globalist and
elitist I doubt he called himself an
elitist but maybe a globalist and uh
he's a central Banker with a world
economic Forum
membership so that's a lot of red flags
but
that if that's what if that's what
Canada wants all right so here's my take
my American take which is worth
basically nothing um I think the
Canadians felt they needed a
banker because if you put Justin judau
up against Trump doesn't it look like a
mismatch like there's one serious
business person Trump and then there's
Trudeau who's worried about his pronouns
and such so I think they needed to get a
serious business person so you know
Banker fits that um
but but here's what he did on his first
day so far uh Carney said quote my
government will keep our tariffs on
until the Americans show us
respect okay first day of work not so
good do you think respect is the problem
here what when the United States is
trying to get rid of fenel is the
problem that we don't respect you enough
when Trump says he wants uh Canada to be
a 51st state is it because we don't
respect it or it just seems like it'd be
a good idea now he definitely didn't
respect
Trudeau but did Trudeau earn his respect
I would say maybe no so if he's focusing
on tariffs are related to Americans
showing him respect
not the best first day because that
doesn't seem like a anything that's
going to work out for
him we're not really we're not really
operating on the respect
basis it's pretty much you know our
interests and their interests and that's
about
it well uh Secretary of State Rubio has
announced that he's uh cut 83% of the
USA USA
budget 83% the rest would be absorbed
into the state department and he's a SL
5200 of the usaid
contracts now that's all good news right
yay this big po of money that yeah we
thought was being used in ways that
maybe we didn't agree with and there was
a lot of it and it got cut yay except
none of it's
true it's just not true uh this is what
Thomas Massie explains the the Congress
is putting together a continuing
resolution which is what they do when
they can't decide on a budget they just
say um I guess the budget will just
remain the
same so the budget they're going to
pass will fully fund
usaid none of this is
real it's not real according to
Thomas Massie and Massie points out that
the Supreme Court ruled last week that
it requires an act of Congress to defund
these programs so not only is there no
legal way to defund them but the
continuing resolution that Congress does
every time because they can't do their
job of making a budget will just fully
fund
it now I don't know if you can fire all
the people so even they have a budget
they can't spend it is there some work
around
but my head just
exploded and Thomas Massie is the only
one who's on this the whole continuing
resolution problem literally the
continuing resolution is when the
Congress says oh we don't know how to do
our basic job we don't know how to do
our basic job which is make a
budget that works so we're not going to
do it so we're just going to kick the
candidate down the road and bankrupt the
country with you know unworkable debt
and then when we finally make some what
looks like progress with
Doge they just bulldo it like it didn't
even
matter now I suppose there are some
surprises ahead you know I don't think
doge is going to roll over I don't think
Trump's going to roll over
but it kind of looks like it didn't work
I mean tentatively speaking that's not
my five opinion I'd like to be wrong
about it I'd love to be wrong about it
but when it was last time Massie was
wrong about something like this
never this is his domain if he says this
isn't real I'm gonna I'm going to take
his word for it over Rubio and I hate it
absolutely hate it but we'll see where
this
goes meanwhile the department of justice
under Trump is in investigation into the
price of eggs the Department of
Justice what do they think they're going
to find so I guess there's some uh
concern that maybe the big egg producers
are artificially keeping the price High
which means you know artificially
keeping the supply low I don't know
maybe but it seems like it's simpler
than that it seems like there's just not
enough eggs
now maybe there's something else there
they wouldn't launch this investigation
unless they meant it but so the Wall
Street journals reporting on that but
apparently eggs are expected to rise by
more than 40% in
2025 another 40% for
eggs wow anyway I guess we'll find out
what's up with eggs but I think that's
just a very narrow look they're just
going to look at whether there's gouging
basically
that sounds like
Biden um now here's my take on it you
know I've looked into this whole
chicken
problem and I think where everything
went wrong is where they allowed the
chickens to work from
home yeah that's all I had that's all I
had they shouldn't let the chickens work
from home the remote working chickens I
don't think they're laying as many eggs
I think they're goofing off yeah
don't let him work from
home anyway uh Howard lotnik is talking
about Trump's tariffs and specifically
the ones on H China and Mexico and
Canada and he says if Sentinel ends
meaning those countries step it out and
keep it from coming into the US I think
these will come off meaning the tariffs
but if fentel does not end or Trump is
uncertain about it they will stay this
way until he's comfortable he said said
that in Meet the
Press now I hate to be negative Nelly
but I don't really think there's much
chance that the tariffs are going to
affect in the long term uh
fenel but I also don't have a better
idea it's the only idea that looks
serious that has maybe some chance of
working but I would bet against it
unfortunately now if I a better idea I'd
say don't do this get rid of those
tariffs it's a waste of time we should
do this much smarter idea that's
different but I don't have a smarter
idea so if leaning on these countries
hard so hard that it crashes their
economy is the only play we
have I'm in favor of it I just wouldn't
bet my you know wouldn't bet my life
savings is going to work but we don't
have any better idea
and you know even if we went in
militarily and took down a bunch of labs
wouldn't they just rebuild them in a
week I I don't know how you could
possibly stop this problem it just seems
Unstoppable but again given the size of
the problem if we have to crash a couple
of economies just to find out if this
works I'm in I
me it's a you know drastic situation Rec
calls for calls for drastic steps and
it's the only one I can think
of well Trump has uh indicated that
things might get worse before they get
better and uh I guess that got turned
into a headline that he is not going to
rule out a recession now the stock
market seemed to shake that off because
just before I got on the markets were
up after after he admitted so here's
what he said to uh I guess to Maria Boma
um he said uh there will be a period of
transition because what we're doing is
very big now period of transition means
things will look a little worse before
they look a lot better
and I think I've always known that the
things he's doing very clearly have a
you know let's say a destabilizing
effect in the short term because people
don't know what's going to happen with
tariffs Etc but in the long term
it could work out just great um there's
a whole bunch of stuff that Trump's
doing that directionally it's all great
so if you could fast forward five years
we might be an amazing situation it's
very possible um so I'm very optimistic
about the
future but uh how are the Democrats
doing let's see let's check in with Van
Jones so van Jones was on CNN and he was
talking about the prospects for the
democ rats to come back and you know
become a serious party and things are so
bad that he actually was laughing at how
pathetic the Democrat Party is and and
the host was laughing it's actually
become laughable but here's how he
here's how he summarized it he said this
is what the Democrats did he goes uh
defending a broken status quo that
nobody likes because they thought that
Donald Trump was going to make it worse
well I guess that didn't work out so the
The Reflex to be against Trump no matter
what had them supporting the status quo
that everybody thought was a bad idea so
that's part of it and then van Jones
said that offending most people in the
country and calling everybody sexist and
racist and transphobic and every other
name and then saying please follow
us that's not a good strategy
folks so every time I hear somebody who
actually does understand what's going on
and I think van Jones you know he he's
obviously playing for one team but he
understands this is a very clear
statement of the problem and uh but it
doesn't look solvable that's the funny
thing they they've created a situation
where there's just no way back you know
they have too many people who want to be
woke and and a bunch of people who don't
and you can't reconcile that
you the the the people who are just you
know all down on wokeness they're not
going to give it up so what do you
do well let me tell you what the other
Democrats are doing to try to write the
ship according to
Politico this sounds like I'm just
making it up but according to Politico a
lot of Democrats have started cursing in
public so they give a whole bunch of
examples of
uh you know of of Democrats using the FW
and the sww and the the GD word and
apparently it's sort of a big Trend and
I'm thinking to myself they are so out
of ideas that they're really doubling
down on this if we can get the messaging
right if we could just get the messaging
right and then they look at Trump and
they'll see that every now and then
he'll throw an sww into his speeches and
stuff and they'll go yes yes that's what
it is we need more
cursing but no I'm joking it's not they
didn't just say we just need more
cursing they also need more cringe
videos and then Elon Musk was pointing
out that the Liberals seem to be getting
violent you know they're attacking Tesla
uh locations Etc and so they've got
cursing they've got cringe
videos they've got random
violence and then they've got uh uh
representative Hank Johnson Democrat
from Georgia he just in public in public
he actually said this he believes that
Trump and the magum movement want black
Americans quote confined and back to
quote picking
[Music]
cotton so that that should move the ball
forward and
then uh
and then uh uh Jasmine Crockett who
might be the dumbest Democrat of all so
they're giving her the most attention
because they're like oh I I don't know
if the cursing and the cringe videos and
the violence are enough we better have
our dumbest worst spokesperson be the
most prominent one so Jasmine Crockett
went on some show MSNBC and said it's
not illegal for illegal aliens come into
the
country it's not a crime it's not a
crime to come into the country
illegally they're not sending their best
anyway uh as you know the teachers
unions are destroying America because
the the foundation of American power is
education if you get education wrong
which we apparently are doing you you
don't really have a future there there's
no chance
and that's where we're at and mostly I
would say that's the fault of the
teachers unions and the teachers unions
of course would like the kids to have a
good education but their primary uh
let's say their primary concern is the
good of the Union itself and whatever is
good for the Democratic party so if your
main
criteria is not the well-being of the
children and clearly it's not you're
going to get the result that we see just
horrible horrible outcomes and but
there's apparently a a force that has
been organizing to give an alternative
to the unions it's called the freedom
foundation and they're hosting they're
just getting started but one of what
they want to do is promote some kind of
alternative for teachers that don't join
the union so they would give teachers a
liability coverage better
curricula um some patriotic and pro
capitalist teachings and professional
development I assume those are things
that the union does so they're trying to
match the benefits without all the bad
stuff which is basically just being a
tool of the
Democrats so if we can figure out how to
break the hold of the teachers unions
the United States has a
chance maybe this is it may maybe they
just needed an
alternative uh meanwhile Steve Cortez
just put out a documentary that looks
fascinating and uh he's he's down in
Star County Texas which is almost
entirely hispanic and uh is prot
Trump and you really have to see it um
you know I've been telling you forever
that if you have a lot of contact with
the Hispanic Community the recent
immigrants you could have seen it
coming that they would be more Pro jump
because they're all about uh God family
work they're not about woke at all and
they don't mind seeing
deportations because it's a problem to
them too so uh I recommend it Steve
Cortez just look for his account on X
and you'll see his
documentary um very
interesting I had a little uh
conversation back and forth with
Constantine
kissen um you would know him from his
podcast trigonometry but also a very
smart common commentator about you know
all things
geopolitical and he had some things to
say that I I thought really interesting
and I felt like I didn't I didn't know
all the elements of it so I had some
followup questions but let me tell you
where that went so it started out by he
was talking about a 1997 book by uh this
guy Alexander
Dugan who wrote that among other things
now this is 1997 so it's been around a
while that quote Russia should introduce
geopolitical dis disorder into internal
American activity encouraging all kinds
of separatism and ethnic and social and
racial conflicts actively supporting all
dissident movements extremist racist and
sectarian groups thus destabilizing
internal political processes in the US
it would also make sense simultaneously
to support isolationist tendencies in
American politics so that would be one
way that Russia could you know destroy
the United States now you've probably
also seen uh the work of this guy a
Russian guy named Yuri
bezmenov who has a similar message and
he's been saying that uh the Soviet
Union at least had this plan to
destabilize American culture
by basically um amplifying destructive
forces now I asked Constantine you know
what would be the evidence that Russia
is actually doing this because maybe
there is you know maybe there's a whole
bunch of places where we've spotted them
doing it and he clarified that it wasn't
about uh Russia per se but it might be
something that you know all of our
adversaries are doing China mentioned
China cutter Iran and
Russia but the weird thing is and one of
the things he mentioned was the tenant
media situation do you remember that it
turned out that uh I guess Tim p and
Dave Rubin and some other podcasters
were receiving
money uh from a group that had some
Russian backing but they didn't know it
and the group wasn't asking them for any
different treatment or any any different
editorial
so there was no impact whatsoever on
what they did they just got free
money and then it was uncovered that
there was this connection to Russia and
I guess that got
Unwound but I've noticed that whenever
Russia is trying to interfere with the
United States it looks like a a high
school project level quality do you
remember the uh the troll farm that was
uh allegedly trying to influence the
2016 election but if you actually looked
at how much they spent it was basically
nothing and then you look at the quality
of the memes they presented and they
were just ridiculous just so empty of
any quality or persuasiveness they were
just just nothing and I thought to
myself is that the best that Russia can
do to disturb our internal politics is
some memes that nobody saw and then
giving free money to PE to people to do
what they were going to do anyway
that's the best they could do and then
there was the story about the one hacker
who got into what was it the Democrats
or Hillary's email or something and then
we're told by our own intelligence
people that it was Russia and we know it
well maybe but I'm not so sure so it
seems to me there would be a lot more
evidence of Russia doing something like
that and then the other the other
context is that it's what everybody does
to all of their adversaries anyway so
the idea is that if you're just boosting
you're not creating you're not creating
from scratch but you're just boosting
those elements within our society that
are the most
destructive that uh that's all it
takes and I'm thinking isn't that
exactly what we do to overthrow other
countries don't we routinely
uh fund their most div divisive elements
and specifically to weaken them and and
Stage aoup
so maybe everybody's just doing it to
everybody but the bigger context the
thing the thing that to me seems the
most Salient is that there's nothing
these other countries could possibly do
to boost the most corrosive parts of our
society
that isn't already being done by
democrats and specifically
Soros
so is Soros working for one of our
adversaries because he seems to be more
tightly wound around our Democrats and
and and it feels
like that we're being torn apart from
the
inside I don't see the impact from other
countries and my own view with this Yuri
bman
who is sort of the OG of saying that
Russia's got this plan to destroy our
civilization with their clever
Shenanigans I've never trusted him to be
real I I have a theory that he's the op
he's not the person telling us the op I
think he's the op because if you thought
that it was coming from the
outside you would not be able to fix
it so I think he's just looking at the
fact that we're naturally
divisive and that if we're naturally
divisive you're going to see all these
examples that you're going to say wait a
minute did did Russia fund antifa well
no evidence of it wait a minute is
Russia behind the teachers unions well
not that I know
of we we have these wildly divisive
elements in the US I feel like this Yuri
bof was either just monetizing what was
going to happen anyway by acting like he
had this theory about why it's all
happening I don't trust that guy at
all like I feel like he's the op but
that's just a feeling I don't have proof
of
that anyway so if all these countries
are influencing Us by boosting the worst
most corrosive parts of our society they
don't have a chance compared to the
boosting that the Democrats are doing to
those ex act same entities uh and Soros
in
particular so anyway I don't know how to
I don't really know how to think about
that other than it doesn't look like
it's the biggest problem in the world
compared to what we're doing to
ourselves the stuff coming from inside
the tent well meanwhile Israel announced
uh yesterday that it's going to be
cutting off electricity to Gaza which
would have the effect of cutting off
water because the desalinization PL
there would require that
electricity um and I guess they're going
to cut off humanitarian Aid I believe
they have food that would last them
maybe weeks or months but uh no more
humanitarian Aid now this of course is
try to try to squeeze them to you know
give up or to give up the
hostages but according to the hill uh
Tera sud is
writing that there's a the Trump host
Envoy thinks that we might have a deal
with Hamas or that we could have a deal
soon uh to free all of the hostages
within
weeks so that's a Adam bowler is the
White House special Envoy and uh he
thinks that every hostage taken by the
uh the militant group ofas could be
freed all at the same time in
weeks now that doesn't even seem
remotely like to me do you think there's
something we don't know about because if
there's no new variables on the table I
don't see how we'd get a different
outcome so remember Trump said if you
don't release them all they will be held
to pay is it possible that we've
delivered a threat that they completely
feel is real maybe to the leadership
maybe to I don't know to Iran you maybe
the threats on Iran if we don't get them
back we're going to take out your
nuclear
facilities so it seems to me that this
is one of those cases where we may never
understand what the real what the real
deal was maybe we offered something of
value maybe we offered a better
threat um I don't see how this could
just sort of work all of a sudden I
don't
know but we'll be
optimistic now the other day somebody in
the comments uh um challenged me
to uh do the best I could to describe
the Palestinian side of the Israel
Palestinian
conflict now that would be the ultimate
third
rail so of course I said
yes because I think I'm attracted to
trouble so let's see if I can do this
and still be in business tomorrow all
right so I'm going to give you the the
best of objective uh description of the
situation the first thing I would say if
you're looking at the Palestinian and
here I'm I'm not talking about just Gaza
so we'll talk about the Palestinians
more
generally um I don't think you can
understand the situation in terms of
who's good and who's
bad um who has the better long-term
claim uh who's got the
historical let's say the best complaints
about what happened and therefore the
best you know Narrative of how it should
turn out as long as you're thinking
about who's good or bad or the
narratives or the history you're just
lost nothing like that matters the only
thing that matters in this region is who
has the power at the moment Israel has
the
power if it were
reversed it would be reversed meaning
that the Israelis would be complaining
that they were under occupation or
worse and everything that the
Palestinians are saying hey you're you
know you're blocking us from statehood
you're you're uh keeping us suppressed
we're in a they'd say we're in a uh an
outdoor prison it would just be the
other way around because you have two
societies two civilizations that are
incompatible and they will always be
incompatible there's no way that they're
just going to live next to each other in
peace
so it's a power Dynamic and that's it so
there's no good guy there's no bad guy
it's just power and Israel is doing what
would be good for Israel what's good for
Israel is to increase their
land uh for two reasons one is it could
give them a little extra buffer against
attacks but also wouldn't it be good to
have a bigger country because in the
long run very long run that will just
all be good so Israel is doing what is
in the best interest of Israel and they
have the power to do it as soon as you
start overlaying you know who's good or
bad or who's moral who's ethical none of
that makes any difference the ones with
the power are going to get what they
want and it will be at the expense of
the other side now what makes it easy
for the is Israelis is that the
Palestinians apparently have some
addiction to violence as at least part
of the
solution we don't know what would happen
if the Palestinians suddenly came up
with a Martin Luther King character who
had you know amazingly I think this
would be impossible but amazingly said
all right we we just want to put our
case to the
world and we want the whole world to
watch and we're going to say what our
complaints are and then we're going to
say what we want and we're going to
denounce all violence but we think that
when we make our case the world will
back
us maybe maybe that would work for them
but it seems to me that the Islamic
culture is more about
fighting and again I'm not going to say
it's right or wrong good or bad moral or
immoral it's just seems to be the reflex
and is seems to be based on cultural
impulses and so as long as they're
willing the Palestinians are willing to
do a or at least some of them are
willing to do a
Non-Stop violence kind of opposition it
just gives Israel a free pass they can
just say well there it is again we
better take this country well there it
is again we better you know bomb these
people and displace them well there it
is again
so in in terms of
strategy the Palestinians have picked a
strategy that sort of will lose
forever because it just gives the other
side that has more power the free pass
to use it and so they do now if Israel
is doing everything that's good for
Israel that would be every country so
you could say oh those bad people doing
everything that's good for them and bad
for other people no that's just
everybody that's everybody throughout
time every country does what's good for
their country and and again this is not
supporting it and it's not criticizing
it because neither of those mean
anything it's simply an observation the
ones with the power get what they want
that's it so you know of course there's
there's other elements to this such as
the military industrial complex in the
US would like to have another the place
where we can sell weapons we'd like to
be able to project our own us interests
through a proxy in the Middle East so
the US has an interest in you know
Israel being the strongest player in
that region and so that means Israel
will have the power and they will keep
doing what they want now one of the
claims that the Palestinians
make is that when the Israelis say hey
we gave you Gaza and it was just your
own country and you could have turned it
into a paradise but you turned it into a
Hamas terrorist hell hole and now look
what I bought you well the
Palestinians and the the people in Gaza
would say that never happened it it's
it's true that you sort of you know pull
out but you didn't stop bombing us but
of course they always had reasons they
were responding to some kind of an
attack and they didn't have freedom of
travel and commerce because they were
sort of surrounded and again presumably
entirely for security reasons the uh
Israel couldn't let them ship in and out
anything they wanted because that would
be dangerous didn't let them travel
unrestrictedly for for the things that
you would normally do for Commerce and
so the gazin never felt that they really
had let's say the ability to run their
own country
they they felt like they were still
under some kind of Siege even if there
were no boots on the ground within Gaza
itself now that would be their take I'm
not endorsing it I'm not taking aside
I'm just describing it if you ask them
they'd say Yeah you sort of on paper
gave us Gaza but it was never free in
the way that other countries could be
free you have to deal with everybody and
then Israel would say how could we how
could we give you that freedom when
you're just a boil in uh stew of
terrorists who if we open the roads or
open the sea you'd be shiing in massive
weapons and turning it into another
attack and that of course would be
exactly the right approach from their
self-interest I'd also point out that
the thought about having uh two separate
countries were the the West Bank and the
Palestinians even forget about Gaza for
a second but if you want have the two
countries
solution you know that that ship already
sailed right there are now so many
settlements Israeli settlements you just
peppering that entire area that there's
not really any possibility of a
two-count solution and again that would
be
presumably what the Israeli government
wants to not have a two-country solution
even if they use the words that they
would and uh it looks like they have a
long long term plan Israel to maximize
Israel which everybody would expect
again it's not good it's not bad it's
just power and if you just revers the
power
instantly you would have almost the same
situation except the Israelis would be
the ones complaining and the
Palestinians would be saying well look
at you terrorists trying to fight back
against our massive power I guess we'll
just have to press you a little bit
harder because you're still acting like
terrorists because the weaker party
doesn't have any tools so they're going
to use some terrorism that wouldn't
surprise
anybody
so let me see what else
um yeah I think that that that pretty
much does it so that's my take my take
is as long as you're in the who's good
who's bad who's got the historical claim
you know whose Bible says what that's
all just it's just power and
who has the power is going to use it
right now it's Israel that's sort of the
end of the story everything everything
else is just a normal outcome of who had
the power and I don't see it changing
anytime in the near future because I
don't see them coming up with a Martin
Luther King oh we were wrong the whole
time let's just get the International
Community to back us and we'll ask for a
bunch of people ful
things I don't see it
happening so it'll just be more of the
same I think for a long time
um Jonathan Turley is writing about uh a
crisis fatigue and he's he sort of
mocking the uh the legal experts in the
country which of course in many cases
are leaning left and talking about how
easy it is to get a thousand uh legal
experts to sign on to any Democrat
anything and then the news will treat it
like it matters that you got a thousand
legal experts to say there's a
constitutional crisis and everything's a
constitutional crisis until you're so
tired of constitutional crises that
don't seem to actually make any
difference in your life that you see
another list of a thousand legal experts
saying there's another constitutional
crisis like every week or two and just
doesn't mean anything we're just
exhausted by it and it never has real
effect in the real world and we figure
they're all biased and it doesn't matter
how many people on the list because you
can always get a list you can always get
you can get a thousand people to agree
to anything you know as long as you're
not talking about the ones who didn't
sign it just say well thousand people
say we're in a constitutional crisis
because of trump and it's all getting
just stupid like it's the best the the
best the uh Democrats can
do is to try to get
basically to reproduce the 51
intelligence people who say the laptop
isn't real the most
debunked method of truth it's all they
have uh let's put together another
easily
debunked you know proof of what's real
yeah we'll get a list of people ah it'll
be long there'll be a thousand people on
the list doesn't mean anything anymore
in today's world and and we're smart
enough to know it now not been following
the situation in Romania so maybe I got
a little this wrong I was seeing Mike
Ben talking about it
online so apparently Romania uh was
having a presidential election that the
EU and I guess the US probably was
behind a little bit uh got the election
cancelled because they didn't like who
was going to get elected is that roughly
what
happened um but the uh European Union
president this Ursula V
laying um she's sort of quiet about it
because as Mike Ben says and what can
she say Ben says if she says she
supports Romania cancelling elections
which she does uh says mike the EU will
look like a dictator it is says
Mike and if she says she doesn't support
it it would throw the very Network in
Romania the EU leaned on to cancel
elections under the
so so the EU is
basically overthrowing the government of
Romania just sort of matter of factly
you're right in front of
everybody do I have that even a little
bit
right um all right so I don't know if I
do but uh that that would be more of the
same for the United States anyway to be
influencing other Count's
elections uh anyway according to Wall
Street Journal um American defense
companies are having a good time they're
increasing their dominance of the global
arms trade and the European nations are
you know trying to buy as much as they
can to protect themselves they're buying
us fighter jets and missiles now how
many of you have ever heard this um I'm
going to call it a conspiracy theory but
I think we're all sophisticated enough
to know that conspiracy theory doesn't
mean it's not true right so I don't know
that is true so I'll call it a
conspiracy theory but it's certainly not
ruled out and it goes like this that the
real reason that there's been such a
push to increase the number of NATO
countries is not to defend against
Russia it's because as soon as you turn
into a NATO country you have to American
uh weapons to be compatible with
NATO is that true that the real reason
that there's always a continuous push to
add new countries is because the
military industrial complex in the US
gets to sell more weapons because you
can't be in NATO unless your weapons are
compatible with the rest of
NATO you i' hate to think that that's
the whole
story but it could
be right it could be part of the story
it could be just opportunistic stuff
like oh yeah we want to protect we want
to protect against Russia but by the way
it's pretty good for business you know
that's not the main reason we're doing
it but it's also good for
business you know it's it's a little
hard for me to accept that the real
reason is protecting uh the countries
from
Russia versus is the gazillions of
dollars that the military industrial
complex would make if we just add one
more
country so I'm a little skeptical there
uh meanwhile RFK Jr has asked the
CDC to look into the the link between
vaccines and
autism now that's interesting the
Gateway pundit is reporting this now uh
and apparently the that study would
involve using the vaccine safety data
link uh which monitors safety of
vaccines and investigates uh adverse
reactions um I don't believe anything
about this
story
sorry I don't believe that there's an
existing database that if you just
looked at it carefully you would know if
there's a link between vaccines and
autism are you kidding me there's
there's no way we have a database that
if you just looked at it really
carefully you would know the answer no
now I saw in the comments before I came
on that um all you'd have to do is study
let's say the Amish or the I don't know
the menites or whoever they are because
there are some
uh there are some groups that are not
vaccinated so if you check the
unvaccinated group and they didn't have
any autism well then you'd say to your
aha it must be those darn
vaccinations but that won't work because
there are too many things that are
different about the Amish let me give
you an example one of the hypotheses
that I'd heard years ago but now I don't
believe it's true but it is one of the
hypothesis that what's different about
the modern world is that smart people
meet other smart people more easily so
we go to college and you let's say you
go to
MIT you're more likely to meet somebody
that you get married to um who is also a
top engineer or basically nerd and
there's some indication that if you take
two people who are kind of sort of near
the
Spectrum uh and they have a child the
odds of them being on the Spectrum are
way higher now I can't promise you
that's true that's just some something
that's been around for long long time
now the
Amish don't reproduce that way so that's
not their mating strategy presumably
their mating strategy is old school
where it's like Jake uh looks like
you're ready for a wife uh Sally down
the
road she'd be a good wife all right
she's the only one
available so it feels like the yamish
may just do old school mating and it
would the the Nerds hooking up because
they both work at
Microsoft maybe I don't know um the
other thing is that the Amish are not
eating the same food they're not eating
processed food the other thing is
they're spending more time
Outdoors so and you could probably come
up with five different things that the
Amish do that are just clearly different
in terms of lifestyle and exposure to
things I mean maybe it's something like
you know I'm just make this one up don't
don't take this seriously but what if
it's like exposure to
lead right I'm not speculating that I'm
using it to make the point because the
Amish wouldn't have the same exposure so
it could be a pollutant that is common
to everybody but the Amish so I don't
think you can study the Amish and know
whether vaccines cause autism but on
positive there's no existing database
that can tell you that
I don't believe any of that now maybe
that maybe that's just the first thing
that uh RFK Jun has to do you know maybe
he has to get past let's look at all our
existing databases and see if it tells
us anything before he can get to the
next level of you know is there is there
a better way to start tracking this so
I'm in favor of the
effort I just think maybe it's a little
harder than it
looks at the same time RFK Jun is going
to meet with the uh according to zero
Edge going to meet with the leaders of
the processed food
industry
um what is that going to
produce because it feels like they're
not going to say oh yes I will greatly
reduce my yields or I'll let my food rot
faster um just so that we have fewer
chemicals
and uh seed oils and stuff in them I
don't know that you can just talk them
into it but maybe you maybe there'll be
a few easy wins like oh yeah we can get
rid of that one thing or yeah we we
don't need that chemical in there so
Something Good Can Come of that I I
think the RFK junr problem is that when
you go from concept you know I want to
do these things and make everything
healthier to
bureaucracy um it's probably just like a
brick wall you just probably just
banging your head against a brick wall
now we'll see if RFK Jr's got the clout
along with Trump to uh make a real
difference and penetrate the bureaucracy
but it's super tough so if he can do it
it'd be
amazing according to science
alert uh having children makes your
brain younger later in
life now that makes complete sense to me
if you've had any exposure to being
around children the complexity of your
life if you add just one child to your
life and you know often it's more than
that uh the complexity of just getting
anything done goes through the roof and
I would think that your brain would be
healthier longer if you added any kind
of complexity and challenge to it
especially if it's one you really cared
about like your kids um so that make
sense you know I wouldn't say that I
would have necessarily guessed this but
anything that an adult does to challenge
their brain and their memory and their
their thinking and if it's a continuous
pressure like having a kid it seems to
me that it do it would make a difference
so
anyway I do see some things in the
comments about seed oils I'm I'm not
completely
convinced that the seed oils are all bad
um but I certainly see a lot of smart
people say that they are
so I'm open to
it all
right um you feel younger than people
your age who have older kids because you
started late
okay all
right um that's all I have for today uh
like I said the
uh the technology was not H happy with
me today so the found on the X feed is a
little less than that this microphone's
not connected to my
phone um but we'll upload the uh high
quality one from the locals feed onto
YouTube and Rumble and we'll then we'll
have it all and that's all I've got for
today so thanks for joining everybody um
I'm just going to say goodbye to uh to
the X feed and I'll say a few words
privately to the people on
locals and uh thanks for joining we'll
see you tomorrow