[Music]
hello everybody come on in here if
you're wondering why I so often wear the
same
shirt it's not because I wear this shirt
every day it's because it's my office
shirt I've got a couple of office shirts
when it's a little chilly in my office I
like it a little cold so I put on my
office shirt cuz it's just the right
temperature here all
right if uh you're here and you've got a
mug a cup a glass a chalice a Stein a
thermos and you have a liquid in there
chances are you came for the
simultaneous Sip Coffee with Scott Adams
please raise your Container full of your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me for the simultaneous sip
now if you're following the
news you may have noticed that there
isn't
any there's no news I I always get up
and I check CNN and check fo Fox News
site because that gives me the sort of a
a solid grounding of the you know the
left and the right but today there
wasn't any news oh there was there was
almost news there were things that were
nearly news
let me give you an
example here are some of the nearly news
stories there's the story that President
Trump believes Kim Jong-un when he says
he didn't know about Otto War beer
now that is almost
news well the problem is it didn't
happen yeah the fact that it didn't
actually happen takes away from the fact
that if it did happen that would be news
what did happen is the president said he
would take him at his word which was
clearly diplomatic speak for I'm not
going to make this an
issue but the news instead of
interpreting it in the obvious way
really really obvious way is reporting
it as though people are saying the
president believes Kim jongo what's
wrong with this President is he a
traitor does he side with North Korea
does he like Kim Jong-un more than he
likes
Americans no none of that is happening
none of that is happening it's a
complete fake news
story let's talk about Jared
kushner's um his security
clearance so oh there's Big Trouble in
this news big trouble turns out that the
president ordered security the
intelligence people or whoever it is
that checks out the uh security
clearance they he ordered Jared to get
security clearance without going through
the normal channels
wow
bombshell it's a it's a bombshell well
when I say a bombshell I mean it would
be a bombshell if it were illegal for
the president to do that but it's
legal still if you if you consider all
the Terrible Things Jared Kushner has
okay he hasn't done any terrible things
but if he had done terrible things which
he hasn't and if it had been illegal for
the president to order him to get a
security
clearance and if he hadn't later passed
his security clearance when they got
around to it CU I'm sure they vetted him
anyway then it would totally be a
bombshell but none of those things
happened or are true so it's nearly news
it's it's close to news it's in the
adjacent property with news but it's not
quite
news what else we got going on
here uh we've got a uh an opinion piece
by
um what's his name why am I uh
forgetting the most famous person on CNN
Anderson Cooper in which he talks about
the president's leadership as being and
I quote
alarming that's big news we've got a
president of the United States somebody
who's who's got his finger on the the
nuclear button and his leadership is
alarming it's
alarming why because he's made more
progress with North Korea than anyone
else because the economy is humming
because uh because China is is probably
going to come up with a better deal for
trade what exactly is the alarming part
are we alarmed by all the good things
happening see that would be
news if there were anything
alarming but there
isn't what else we
got oh we have the story about
AOC calling out the president's uh
differing property values for property
tax reasons one assumes and in one
context he said his property was worth a
lot in another context he said it was
worth much
less well that's big news that's
alarming
bombshell well unless the things that
President Trump did were completely
legal and typical of people in his
situation which they almost certainly
are now we don't know the details of
that story but the most normal thing in
the world is you have a low value for
the property of a business but the value
of the business is the property plus the
cash flow plus the Goodwill which would
be very big compared to the small amount
of the property which is the amount you
play property taxes on now I don't know
if that's exactly what's going on but
I'm pretty sure that when we dig down
into it some tax accountant is going to
say oh yeah that's just the way we do it
that's just the normal way people do it
so if any of those things were
illegal bombshell big news and that
would be alarming
alarming but in all likelihood there's
nothing
there it's like the Cohen testimony man
it's going to be a
bombshell if he said anything that got
the TR the president in trouble but he
didn't in fact he was exculpatory and
made everything that they anti-trumpers
saw for the last three years
ridiculous let's see what else we got on
CNN
let's see
uh why the US may not get answers it
seeks from Mueller well that would be a
big problem imagine if Mueller did this
whole investigation spent you know what
tens of millions of dollars took all of
her attention for years and what if the
public didn't see the full report that
would be a big big problem
well unless there was nothing in it if
there was nothing especially important
in
it well then it wouldn't be it would be
close to news but it wouldn't be news
because it would be simply not hearing
about things that didn't matter
anyway um then there's a story that
Hannity may have bought himself a
subpoena so there might be something
that Shan Hannity maybe almost
did that could have potentially gotten
him subpena
it probably won't happen but if it did
it would be very adjacent to almost news
and if it does happen probably it won't
make much difference in the whole world
Hannity will just talk to some people
and it will go away but almost
news uh and of course then there's the
big story on the CNN homepage about the
scientists thrilled to spot a huge
spider eating an a
possum that's news the only thing that
would be better would be if a huge
spider attacked a hiker and the hiker
wrestled with the spider and killed it
with his bare hands only to later find
out it was actually a very small
spider so um I'm finding that there's no
news today and so I would like to change
the subject to your favorite
topic yes climate
change don't beg me I'm going to do it I
know how much you love the climate
change talk but I want to show you the a
type of graph I saw the other
day so you all know what hind casting is
hind casting is when you have a
prediction
model and you want to know if if you
would hyper pathetically or if you had
had a model in the past would that model
have predicted the past so so that's
hind casting so this is
today and this is a model of um climate
change and you see this kind of model
right where they say in the past all of
our models would have fit the actual
temperature change but that part's easy
so there's there's nothing special about
that because you would throw away any
model that didn't fit the past so the
minimum your your prediction model has
to do is be consistent with the past so
they throw away everything that isn't
and they get this range and then it's
today and then they say okay the future
is harder to predict than the past duh
and so the the uncertainty increases as
you go out so this gets wider and wider
but here's my here's my question this is
supposed to convince me
that the predictions have so far been
good and they will probably continue to
be accurate
predictions but that's sort of the
opposite of what I see here what I see
is this part is
irrelevant because it's the past and the
models did not predict the past they
simply were forced to conform to the
past and then suppose suppose you knew
that the past looked like
this how hard would it be to predict
that the future is going to be somewhere
in this
area isn't isn't this area kind of super
easy because youve you have all this
history of these slight changes in the
temperature what are the odds that it's
going to suddenly go Bop or just
suddenly go Bop probably not because
it's been
smoothish changes over time so this
first several you know let's say decade
do you need a model do you need a
complicated prediction model to know
that your temperature is going to be
somewhere in this
range probably not right probably not
you don't need anything you just say it
looks like it's going to be in here
somewhere now this is the part of the
future that's easy to
predict this next part where you start
getting 10 20 years into the future
nobody really thinks you can predict
that so you end up with the past which
is irrelevant the you know next 10 years
which you don't even need a model to to
predict and then the stuff after that
which no model can
predict it's the most useless graph I've
ever seen which is presented as proof
that climate change is the big problem
everybody says for any of any of those
of you who are new to my climate change
discussions I'm not um I'm not taking a
stand one way or the other I'm involved
in a
long-term
project to see if I can deserve what's
true and what isn't so I'm I'm
approaching it like a let's say a
motivated citizen who's not a scientist
who's just trying to understand what's
true and what
isn't and I'll tell you every every time
I see a graph like
that it's
anyone think warmer cities means warmer
Earth well cities should be warming up
the Earth because the concrete
Etc
um oh yeah so AOC apparently has a list
of Democrats who are voting with
Republicans and she doesn't like it
that's almost
news that almost
matters do doesn't but it almost does so
let me ask you
this you my regulars on Periscope here
you've noticed that I've started to
persuade fairly heavily on the topic of
um nuclear specifically Generation 4
nuclear designs which have essentially
zero chance of meltdown because they're
built so they can't melt down and also
some of those designs burn nuclear waste
so you can actually reduce nuclear waste
with these new new types of uh designs
and if you were to follow the let's say
the South Korea model the reason South
Korea has successful nuclear power is
that they standardized on some designs
so that they can lower cost and it's
easier to train people and you can have
some economies to scale and all that so
if we were to do all of those things
nuclear would be the really the only
solution that body's talking about that
could work now let me ask you this have
you seen a story about that on the major
media
lately and why not can you think when
was the last time you
saw um I did
see so I did see Michael
shellenberger on Tucker Carlson show and
he was talking about nuclear but you
don't really see it covered as news per
se
and I'm wondering if part of the problem
is that nuclear doesn't create
news you there there are lots of these
articles about some company or startup
or scientist had a breakthrough and
somebody thinks something will'll be
good but they're all these boring
little
incremental uh technological advances
there's nothing that makes Generation 4
nuclear a a
headline what it needs is some
politician to turn it into a headline
you saw for example that um uh let's say
Andrew Yang running for president as a
Democrat is talking about his main focus
being um you know robots taking jobs and
Ai and and the technological threats now
because that's his primary focus that
brings attention to the to a topic
that's not creating news per se so he
he's the news the topic doesn't get as
much attention for being as dangerous as
it as it
is likewise there's some some guy whose
name I don't remember some politician
who just entered the race to make
climate change his primary um
objective so that's his thing he's he's
the guy who uh uh I forget his name but
he's the guy who says I'm I'm just going
to make climate change my number one
thing
now he made it into news so climate
change is in the news anyway but he made
it more news J JN Lee people are telling
me Washington
governor so let me ask you this if one
of the
Democrats one of the I don't know 20
Democrats who were going to run if one
of them said I don't know if climate
change is exactly what the scientists
say but I know Generation 4 nuclear is
the solution either way because we need
it for economic development we need it
for reducing pollution we need it for
lots of reasons uh as well as being
competitive in the world so I'm going to
be the generation 4 nuclear guy but I'm
going to be a
Democrat how fast would that person get
elected it feels like that would be a
winning a winning platform because it
would be against
type but the AR argument would be solid
so it's your perfect situation is that
the perfect situation is uh to be the uh
the man who bites the dog you know the
thing that doesn't fit the the stain on
the tablecloth the the the Donald Trump
in politics you know the person who
doesn't fit that gets the news so if a
Democrat came out and said look it's
Generation 4 nuclear this is going to be
my main thing and I know you don't like
it but let me educate you it's you know
it's safe it's smart it's the only way
to go all the smartest people agree
let's get this done that would be a
tough package to beat that would be a
strong package now the question you
might ask yourself is
why uh yeah somebody saying here Trump
is bringing nuclear it's just not being
covered well I don't know what it means
to bring Nuclear So I talked yesterday
about
um I mistakenly said Department of
Defense but Department of energy Rick
Perry I was watching my playback
yesterday I said Department of Defense
when I meant Department of
energy um has is has funded through the
government a test bed where they can
quickly iterate these new designs for
nuclear without all the approvals and
and the time lag and stuff and that
turns out to be the biggest thing that
needed to be done if they do it right
and if it works it's part of an
excellent system for iterating that
technology but it feels like it feels
like the president is just and this is
weird I never believed I would say this
but it seems like the president is not
taking enough
credit who Whoever thought that would
happen the the this little
thing unless there's something about it
that's not so good and I just don't know
it that's possible right there might be
something about this Rick Perry thing
for testing the nuclear designs that's
not as optimal as I want it to be but I
don't know what that is and and in any
case Trump should be hyping the beesus
out of that because it's so
unambiguously
smart and so unambiguously the right
play it'd be tough to mount an argument
against it and it's a solid
accomplishment in in terms of building a
system that can get us get us out of
climate change um the funniest thing
that Trump could
do let let me tell you the funniest
thing Trump could do which would also be
very effective and save the world it
would be funny and it would save the
world Trump could bring together his
climate people and have their their
meetings where they're trying to update
their understanding of climate risks um
I guess haer is is ahead of that and the
world meaning the
anti-trumpers would be looking at that
as like a a joke process because they
would say all right the fix is in you
put a denier in that important position
whatever they talk about it doesn't
matter cuz in the end they're going to
say climate change is a hoax and then
you do nothing about it so that's what
everybody would
expect but what if at the end of that
something more nuanced came out of it as
in there might be a risk but in any case
we should go crazy with nuclear because
if you think there's a risk this is the
best solution and if you think there's
not a risk it's still the best thing you
should be doing energy wise right we
should be doing it no matter what you
believe about the climate so if the
president went gungho on the new designs
of nuclear as a solution to climate
change
how does he lose how would he lose
reelection could you do it like you'd
have to try pretty hard wouldn't you if
you went pro- nuclear and sold it as
safe designs and you explain to people
that eats nuclear waste it doesn't
create it it eats
it
uh I don't know how you could possibly
lose now of course I could be surprised
there might be something about it that
somebody says sufficient uranium are you
worried about the uranium one deal
selling all our
uranium one of the things people don't
understand about uranium is that it's a
uh a
commodity not as much a commodity as you
know say dirt but it's a commodity in
the sense that you can buy
it so if if Russia buys some of our
uranium we we can go to Canada and buy
some of their uranium cuz they got
plenty we could go to Australia and buy
some of their uranium because they got
plenty it's for sale you just buy some
more so somebody saying is there
sufficient uranium globally and the
answer is I think the answer is almost
certainly you can always get more of it
it's not like we've dug up all the
uranium
you're saying people don't believe it's
safe they have been
brainwashed that is correct but that
could be
changed that could be changed because
remember the the climate um alarmists
people who are worried the most about
climate change they are pro science pro
pro pro science they are very very Pro
science once you've taken that position
you're going to have have to object to
nuclear using
science and unfortunately the science is
not on their side the science
is progeneration for nuclear somebody
says can you convince Elon what does
Elon Musk think about nuclear let's
see it's a good
question nuclear
power will that come up right
away no it's a question on
quora um which is what does what does
Elon Musk think of
it uh he feels the efficiency of
existing nuclear has been
improved and that we should build more
nuclear
plants uh so what's to
convince so so Elon musque is apparently
on the same side as 100% of the people
people who have looked into it I don't
personally know anybody who's looked
into it who has a different opinion
which is
weird
because yeah so when when people use the
uh Fukushima meltdown and the
um you the Three Mile Island and the
Chernobyl and stuff like that let me
tell you the worst defense let's say
you're pro- nuclear pro- nuclear
and people say yeah but what about
Fukushima and three m Island and and
Chernobyl the worst defense would be to
say turns out nobody
died or you know the death toll was
immaterial and if you compare that to
the number of people who died from
pollution and from standard other
sources of things there actually
millions of people who died from burning
coal because it
pollutes
Etc that's a terrible
defense because in order to answer that
by saying oh those disasters didn't kill
many people you're making people think
about those disasters as if somehow
that's a continuing problem the correct
way to answer that question when
somebody says what about all those
disasters in the past is to say oh
you're talking about a different
technology that technology was faulty
and it still didn't kill anybody the new
technology can't do those things it
there if everything goes wrong it can't
do that you could have literally just
everybody walk away from the job have a
have a
earthquake it still wouldn't melt down
it's designed so it can't now when I say
something can't melt down keep in mind
you know I'm not a nuclear scientist I'm
just paring what I've heard uh you know
maybe there's some chance but evidently
the the chance is very
low
um and apparently the Pacific Ocean is
fine as well now you wouldn't put one
where I don't think we would locate a
nuclear plant in a tsunami zone so
probably we can figure out how to avoid
that
stuff
uh somebody's mentioning the the uh the
my pillow guy here in the comments if
you would like lessons in
Persuasion watch the my pillow
commercials on Fox News and I was
thinking of actually doing a special
Periscope just calling out all of his
technique cuz you'll see every good
sales technique in those commercials
they're they're actually uh yeah Mike
Lindell is the owner he does own
commercials those
commercials are a master class and had
to sell stuff I mean he has every
technique packed in there and man does
he do it well it's it's
as and if you think about it it's an
improved
pillow like how do you how do you get
that rich selling a darn pillow I mean
that's pretty amazing now uh I will say
in uh In fairness I have purchased some
of his pillows so I bought a few my
pillows and they're better than regular
pillows you know so he has a real
product and the real product does what
he says it does which is it's better
than a it's it's far better than a
regular
pillow um but still the way he sells it
is just it's just exceptional he's he's
so good at it and if you don't know the
techniques you you wouldn't notice how
many of them he packs into that the 30
seconds
um how many pillows do you buy I think I
bought two or four of them I can't
remember
um somebody left their pillow at a
friend's house and the friend won't give
it
back um now I'm starting to see people
people pushing back on green energy
because of the so-called
density meaning that if you build a
nuclear power plant you might need X
number of acres for your plant but and
that won't be that much compared to if
you needed to um have the same amount of
energy using solar you would need you
know miles square miles and miles and
miles of uh solar panels or miles and
miles of of
windmills and so you end end up chewing
up a lot of Mother Earth to create very
little energy per square foot compared
to nuclear so that's part of the
trade-off that people haven't quite
appreciated
yet
um what are the techniques well I'll
just
uh I'll do a special Periscope on it I
don't I don't want
to uh give give you a bad preview of
what I might do
later um my new book I still have to
finish writing it I'll be working on
that hard for the next few months so
it's mostly written I'm in the I'm in
the editing and rearranging and and
punching up phase of the book so the the
basic the basic book has been accepted
by my publisher in the sense that it is
a book and and will get
published uh but
still I'm still punching it
up now um you know the feature on
Periscope that lets me add a guest um
right now I turned that feature off
because the new release I understand
which should happen next week I don't
know what day next week but um that
should allow me to do the guest feature
at the same same time that I've got the
Twitter notifications on at the moment
uh and until next week you can't have
both of them at the same time and so I
wasn't using the the guest feature
because I didn't want to turn off the
Twitter
notification but this coming week those
two will work together I understand and
we'll have some more
guests do your new books make up for
your lost income no they don't they're
not even close
what brand coffee do you recommend I
don't recommend coffee I'm not a foodie
so I I can drink any kind of coffee and
I'm I'm fine with
it um have Andrew Yang as guest he would
be
interesting yeah Andrew Yang Victor
Davis
Hansen I you know I
prefer I prefer guests that you haven't
already seen a lot on television you
know prefer people who are have
something to say that is a little bit
different than what you're seeing every
day on television
anyway uh do I appreciate espresso
espresso yeah it's all
right lomberg would be great except he
basically agrees with everything I
say uh I will I will invent I will
invite van
Jones um I've been kind of waiting for
the right
topic and I think I have some
ideas um no Talib I would not
invite
um I don't know who Randy Carlson is I'm
just uh did I see the Alex Jones Joe
Rogan P podcast I did not see it but
everybody is telling me I need to see it
I I'm hearing it from everywhere so I
have to
assume that that's worth watching
uh all right Gordon Chang I love Gordon
Chang as a as an expert on China and
North Korea I don't know that he would
come on my Periscope but he'd be an
amazing guest
um what I really want to do is bring
people on who don't agree with
me and so it's a little bit less
interesting to bring on people who I
know what they're going to say and it's
compatible with everything I think and
maybe you've already heard
swell um that's a
possibility Eric swell would be a good
possibility now I I I've met him a few
times and we have friends in common and
stuff so um I I could get an invitation
to
him Larry Elder he'd be
interesting but I'd need a topic you
know oh Alex Epstein I probably will
invite him yeah I think he'll be on my
list
uh uh what about Greg Gutfeld yeah if he
wants to Don Jr would be great Mark
Schneider I probably will invite Mark
Schneider to talk about
nuclear all right so that's what's
coming up and I got nothing else and I
will oh somebody said Chris Cuomo so now
how long has it
been since I and also Breitbart said in
publicly that the uh
Charlottesville uh hoax was a hoax
specifically the part where they there
are claims that the president called
White supremacists fine people which
simply didn't happen he was talking
about people on both sides of the statue
question more generally and then the
Press illegitimately said oh he's
talking about white supremacist being
fine people so I I call that a hoax in
public all the time and I've been
experimenting ing this past week to see
if I could say something that outrageous
and be completely ignored by the
anti-trump press and they did completely
ignored by the anti-trump Press imagine
saying something that outrageous imagine
picking any other major headline that
they've been reporting as a fact for
years years as a fact and a notable
person who whose name is you know at
least well known in much of America says
it's literally a
hoax imagine them not reporting on that
I showed you that and I showed you that
as an experiment I did that right in
front of
you
um all right oh Ed ladimore would be a
great guest uh if you're not following
Ed on uh on Twitter you're really
missing a good
show Ed is one of those guys uh I'm
talking about Ed ladimer l a t i m o r e
uh you should follow him on
Twitter every day he produces content
that I like every day that's very rare I
mean his tweets are
so uh delicious they're just so well
written and provocative and they and
they they sort of challenge you uh but
not so much that you don't like it it's
really good stuff all right those are
good suggestions
I see you making good suggestions and I
will try to do some of those people in
the
future Michael Mora would be great you
know part of the problem is I don't know
how many people would be
willing to talk to me if they if they're
not on the same page with
me um so we'll see and I we'll talk to
you later