hey everybody come on in here it's a
very special afternoon version of coffee
with Scott Adams this time without
coffee but if you'd like to enjoy a
beverage get in here fast because it's
time for a sip of water with Scott Adams
let's call that the simultaneous up join
me ah good morning
China good morning Lindy Colleen and
Molly and auntie and uh Mike and all the
rest of you all right now one of the
things I think is the funniest thing in
the world and literally it's just one of
the funniest things is that scientists
and the smartest people in the world
can't figure out
yet how to create artificial
intelligence and I think I know the
problem the reason you can't produce
artificial intelligence is that there's
no such thing as
intelligence at least not what we
imagine it is so in other words we're
trying to reproduce something that
doesn't work that doesn't exist in the
first place you can't
reproduce something that's never been
produced and that's what AI people are
trying to do in other words they're
trying to reproduce human
intelligence but if I've taught you
nothing human intelligence is largely an
illusion in in a practical sense we are
largely not using intelligence but
imagining that we are so we're actually
literally imagining our own intelligence
and so the reason you can't build it
into a robot is that the thing you're
trying to reproduce has never been
produced you can't copy something that
doesn't exist literally that's the
problem and I want to talk about that a
little bit by a little thought
experiment in which I ask
you what does it mean to be alive and
intelligent now there is a definition of
what it means to be alive in scientific
terms but I propose that that will not
be a good enough definition in a world
of robots and computer life that we'll
need to update what it means to be alive
and we're also going to have to update
what it means to be
intelligent and here's a little uh
mental experiment and the question is
this what would you have to add to a
robot to be satisfied that it was a l
alive and intelligent not just a robot
anymore in the sense of being an object
but crossing over into being a life form
what would you have to add to it to get
to that on the other hand what would you
have to take from a human to turn it
into not alive anymore and if you if you
work both ways you might find out
something
surprising so take for example this
human what could I subtract from that
human and still say well he's still
intelligent and he's you know still
alive so let's let's see what we could
remove from this person we could remove
all of his
skills because if he suddenly forgot how
to do stuff you'd still say well you
know he doesn't know how to play
baseball but he's he's still a living
intelligent creature so you you couldn't
you know I'm not talking about removing
the skill of walking and talking but you
can you could get rid of most of the
skills you can get rid of most of the
body but not all of
it and you'd still have you right if if
this person were a brain in a jar it
would still be the person it just could
do less
stuff you're not really your actions
because you could change your
actions and you'd still be the same
person you're not not really your you
could say that you're your
DNA but that's something uh that the
robot can essentially copy because the
DNA is like the source code for the
robot so that that part is not as
special right it's really just the the
mechanism that allows you to do what
you're doing doesn't really Define you
as intelligence I I don't think it's
really your
thoughts because no matter what you're
thinking you're still alive and you're
still um you're still intelligent it
doesn't matter specifically what you're
thinking but there has to be some kind
of thought process going on so I'll get
to that in a moment obviously there has
to be something like thinking but I'll
I'll get to that um you probably need
something likes your senses I don't
think memories are necessarily important
because if I erased all of your memories
up till today you would still be alive
and you would still be intelligent so I
don't think that's the important part I
think it comes down to
this I think the thing that makes you
human somebody said emotions um we we
all have very different emotions but
they're it's kind of a a feedback loop
with our senses and our brain and stuff
it's an emergent sort of a thing I don't
think emotions Define you do they if if
you if you could uh let's say let's take
somebody like a psychopath
a psychopath would not have much in the
way of
emotions uh not in the normal sense but
would still be alive and would still be
intelligent so I'm going to make a case
for the most important thing that makes
you human is this and here here's my
little rule that I want to run by you so
my rule that I wrote Today is anything
that can develop preferences through
experience is both alive and
intelligent so anything that can develop
its own
preferences through living and
experiencing in ways that are not
predictable to other
people is effectively alive and
effectively intelligent now here's the
trouble if a
robot starts developing preferences we
should be concerned because those
preferences might not be in in our best
interest as humans
so you would need to give us some kind
of guiding principle so you might say
you can develop any preferences you want
about how to act you know within within
reason but they H they all have to be
compatible with some larger guiding
principle and I would suggest that the
best guiding principle for our AI of the
future is that it maximizes human
reproduction in other words uh it does
whatever is best for human
reproduction which is slightly better
slightly different from don't hurt
anybody if you have the rule don't hurt
anybody you you get into more um
ambiguous situations because there are
lots of cases where you have to hurt
somebody to help somebody else but the
way human beings um figure that out is
they they usually choose what's best for
human reproduction if they have a tough
choice and somebody's got to die and
somebody's got to live they're going to
choose the one that's best for human
reproduction let me give you an example
if you had a choice let's say you're a
bus driver you're a bus driver and your
bus is filled with uh senior citizens
they're 80 years old so everybody in
your bus is 80 years old and suddenly a
young mother with a baby carriage goes
in front of the bus if you're a human
being you in instantly make the decision
that's best for human reproduction
meaning you'll kill everybody in the bus
to save the baby and the young mother
you'll you'll go right off the road and
the reason you'll do that and you'll do
it instantly is because the people in
the back of the bus can't have babies
now you don't process it that way but
the fact is that there's a reason that
women and children go first right in
disasters they they have a higher value
to
reproduction so you could easily build
into your robots and your AI that as
their guiding principle so that when the
robots get into ambiguous situations
where somebody might have to die or at
least you're putting a risk of somebody
dying but somebody else might be saved
that the robot says this one is more
likely to reproduce and have you know
healthy good Offspring this one is
likely you know past the the age of
reproduction boom now I'm not talking
about Eugenics here you know the robot
would treat everybody as as equally
valuable except for are they likely to
reproduce or not that's it now and I
would argue that that would be that
would be very close to the way
humans uh make decisions I would even go
so far as to say that most of our human
decisions are some kind of subconscious
expression of our reproductive impulse
you know lots of smart people have said
that so that's not new but the fact that
you dress a certain way that you make
money that you show off that you do
things to protect your ego your health
all of that directly or indirectly goes
toward reproduction so if you said to
the robots here's the deal robots you
robots don't have egos as a robot nobody
gave you an ego so you have no reason to
protect
yourself but you need a an organizing
principle around which to make all of
your ambiguous decisions and that
principle will be whatever is best for
the health and reproduction mostly the
reproductive health of the human
species um somebody says pure Darwin
that is evil I'm not sure why that's
evil it might
be but I like to hear the
argument all right so for those of you
joining late let me summarize in my
opinion the the difference between a
human and a and a robot is going to
shrink over time and that lots of things
we think that make us alive and make us
intelligent are actually kind of
optional you can lose an arm you could
you could even you know what happens if
you edit your DNA CU we'll be able to do
that right I think we already can
suppose you're born and then somebody
edits your DNA are are you a different
person
right so I say an entity which can
develop its own preferences in an
unpredictable way based on its
experience in the environment is alive
and intelligent and that we would
actually see it that way if you saw a
robot that you could tell was learning
and specifically what it was learning is
what works and what
doesn't and it's learning what keeps
people alive and what doesn't now let's
say that the robot is also connected to
the internet so that it it learns from
all of the other robots experiences so
every robot is going to learn what every
other robot is learning as soon as
they're learning it if they're
networked
uh does the robot run over the skay I'm
sorry that was a terrible question I
don't even want to repeat it but it was
funny it's funny that you would ask the
question it's not a funny question um
why are you ignoring
sensient um I think senscience is
largely an illusion it just has to do
with the way we're wired and that I
think this thing called
Consciousness is little more than being
able to predict what's going to happen
and then measuring that against what
actually does happen and that that's all
it is it's the difference between what
you think is going to happen and what's
happening and then that gets through
your senses and processed in your brain
and what you feel while that's
happening is your sensient cuz remember
I'm talking about living and in the
concept of living a plant is alive but
it's not
sensient um if you were to watch a robot
developing preferences you would say it
was
intelligent yeah yes that is
Christina uh she's practicing her uh her
Christmas songs
all
right
um Bo she's really
good all right that's uh all I have for
today I just wanted to talk about robots
for a while and now I got more stuff to
do I got to decorate the house with
Christmas stuff I'll talk to you talk to
you later