[Music]
papa papa hey everybody come on in here
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
and in order to enjoy it properly it's
gonna require some coffee you could use
a beverage of your own choice but I do
not recommend holding your beverage in
your hands no don't use your hands to
hold your beverage instead how about a
cup or a mug or a glass how about a
stein the chalice a tankard a thermos
flask a canteen the vessel of any kind
suffer your hands fill it with your
favorite liquid and get ready to enjoy
the dopamine head of the day the best
part of your day the part that gets
everything going just right wow it's
gonna be an amazing day join me now for
this simultaneous sip perfect nailed it
stuck the landing good stuff all right
so we're still dealing with the
aftermath of the Muller Muller a
conversation with Congress and there's a
lot of handshaking stuff going on so let
me just talk about a little bit the most
amazing thing is that we're hearing
reports that maybe everybody in
Washington sort of already knew that
Muller had lost it a little bit
in other words apparently it was a quote
open secret among Washington insiders
that Muller was the molar that we saw
testifying which was not the Muller who
operated at full speed of his youth
shall we say now are you kidding me
everything in the world in that town
leaks except that of all the things that
could have leaked in Washington of all
the things that could have leaked nobody
leaked
that are you freaking kidding me come on
so that's weird that nobody hinted
anything was wrong with Muller at the
entire time now the first time I had a
suspicion that there was something wrong
was when we saw some video of
photographers circling Muller as he was
trying to get in the car and I remember
looking at it at thinking huh Muller
looks confused and frightened and not
sure what he's doing and all he's doing
is getting in a car ensure there were
people around him but he didn't look
capable now do you remember that do you
remember seeing that video of it was
nothing but him walking to his car and a
lot of reporters and cameras gathered
around to try to get him to quote but he
just didn't look like he knew how to get
into a car that well it just there was
something missing there and I remember
thinking oh maybe it's just because he's
surrounded and he's shy or something I
don't know but that should have clued me
in I did not pick it up as clearly as I
should have but in retrospect you could
see it back then so here are some things
that are interesting some of you may
recall that when the Russia thing first
started people were talking about the
deep state and there was a vast deep
deep state conspiracy to overthrow the
government and get rid of Trump and I
said well I'm not sure it's not deep
space deep deep space deep state
conspiracy I don't know that they all
meet and you know meet in dark rooms and
I don't know that they're necessarily
talking to each other but it could be
that there are lots of people who are
independently doing things that when he
put them all together it looks like
they're coordinated but they're just all
doing their own their own thing I'm not
so sure that's true any
or now it's probably still true that not
everybody who is let's say participating
in one way or another it's probably not
true that they were all talking to each
other so I'm gonna stick with the the
general statement that it wasn't you
know a vast coordinated thing but it's
pretty clear now or it's becoming clear
that there were at least pockets of
people who were doing some things that
probably are gonna send some people to
jail so for example I would not be
surprised if at the end of is it Durham
who's the attorney who's looking into
how the whole thing started I would not
be surprised if this ended with Muller's
attorneys you know the lawyers who were
working for Muller I would not be
surprised if some of them ended up in
jail would you because at this point
it's pretty clear that the lawyers
working for Muller has a lot of
questions that need to be answered and
those answers are not obvious to me it's
not obvious to me how anybody can answer
those questions but that doesn't mean
they can't lawyers are pretty good at
coming up with reasons that things
happened so I don't know about Comey per
se and I'm not sure that Comey was part
of any kind of grand conspiracy but what
does what does appear clear yes all
right we'll get rid of that roll what
does appear clear ish is that Muller's
lawyers were not working for Muller the
public needed to know that because my
understanding is that Muller was one
chosen because of his independence and
his credibility to be the leader of this
effort
it was his credibility that really made
the whole thing work and now that he's
lost his credibility by demonstrating
that maybe he's lost a step there are
also reports
he wasn't really even hands-on in other
words the credibility of this most
important project was somebody that I
don't know nobody we know so the entire
process was not what the public signed
up for it was not credible and it cost
tens of millions of dollars and they've
got to explain why there were some
alleged alleged exculpatory material
that was left out of their reports and
their FISA applications I guess there's
some evidence that there's a in
existence somewhere a video not video a
audio recording of a conversation with
Papadopoulos in which if we were to hear
that conversation and some people have
apparently like Trent Trent County
there's evidence that there is such a
thing and there's some people have heard
it and that when we hear it it's gonna
make it look like the whole thing was a
fraud now everything we hear is
different than the way we imagine we're
going to hear it what do you hear when
you hear news is coming and then you
compare it to the news you actually get
how they tend to be pretty different so
trey Gowdy yes not trying to go deep
sorry I said his name wrong trey Gowdy
not Trent Gowdy there's no such thing as
a Trent County in the government at
least all right so here are the people
who have the most to explain certainly
Muller's lawyers look like they were not
credible players whether they were
involved in an outright attempt to
overthrow the government I would say is
not yet demonstrated but they certainly
were not what's the best word they were
not honest and they were not ethical so
I'm gonna say that for sure because if
if if Muller's attorney
had been honest and ethical they would
have asked for Muller to recuse himself
from the situation because he wasn't in
charge so I think that if they were not
reporting to bar or anybody else if they
were not reporting that there was
something wrong with the process then
they're not credible players and they're
not ethical at the very least now
whether that means they also do anything
illegal I don't see any direct evidence
and that's all I want to say that in
public but they got some explaining to
do
so most lawyers don't look don't look
exactly like they're free and clear of
suspicion then there's the FBI employees
themselves drokken page and whoever else
was there and you know where those
people part of a conspiracy or where
they just doing their job well so far so
far it looks like maybe they were just
doing their job you can't really
distinguish that from you know a plot to
overthrow the government because the
facts would look sort of similar if they
were just doing their jobs but they got
some there's some questions to be
answered about that conversation with
Papadopoulos about filling out the FISA
warrants and all that then you've got
fusion GPS well they get a lot of
questions say it was a Great Britain was
it Russia who was behind them was it
Hillary Clinton was it Obama but it
looks like almost everything sort of
circles back to them and then when was
added to the story that Clemson of
fusion GPS spend time with that Russian
lawyer of the Trump Tower meeting both
before and after the meeting well now
we've got some some questions that need
to be answered I heard a theory
yesterday about somebody who is behind
it all
I'm not gonna give you a name
but there is at least a theory out there
that there's an individual who is behind
it all
it's not George Soros so but we shall
see now if I'm right we should be able
to figure out with that individual this
in other words there would be a a trail
that would lead back to an individual
now I don't know if that'll happen I'm
just telling you sometimes I hear things
ahead of time and there is an individual
who should be worried right now all
right Michael Moore says the Democrats
can't win with their current candidates
and that's notable because Michael Moore
said that a trump would probably win so
Michael Moore is an anti-trump er who
for whatever reason doesn't seem to live
in a wonder world of volusion he sees
that the Democrats have nobody who's a
star and while he likes Bernie is sort
of discounting Bernie as as a potential
to him
so Michael Moore doesn't think Democrats
can win that's what I think the the
slaughter meter is set at 300 percent
unless something changes alright did you
hear this was a small story but the
federal government is reinstituting the
death penalty apparently that had been
on hold for X number of years I'm not
sure the details but those those people
convicted of federal crimes as opposed
to state crimes where some states were
still executing but for the federal
stuff there was a moratorium on that I
don't know the details doesn't matter
but that's ended now what could be
scarier if you're an anti-trump ER and
you hear that the death penalty has
really instituted because you're already
afraid oh he's he's the big old Nazi
racist Hitler and he's going to start
killing people it's a sign of the end
well that's why you might have thought
except as a Joel Pollak pointed out
turns out that the first person they're
gonna execute do you know who the first
person they're gonna execute is a white
supremacist I'm not making that up
the first person that's going to be
executed under the trump
administration's reinstituting the death
penalty is a white supremacist why is
that great and amazing well the obvious
reason it violates it violates the
hallucination that the president is
there's a supporter of white supremacist
I mean you can't violate that the
hallucination any harder than actually
executing one of them but it's even
better than that because the nature of
this sort of story is that whoever gets
executed first is going to get a lot of
attention
whoever gets executed second may be a
lot less attention so what you're gonna
remember about this whole story is that
President Trump
executed a white supremacist and he
didn't need to you didn't need to it was
optional because he just could have kept
the law the way it was didn't need to do
it so in terms of political cleverness
this is just a 10 out of 10 you know you
you can draw your own conclusions about
whether it's dirty pool whatever you
want but from a political optical point
of view I don't even know if this is
accidental I don't know if they just
blundered into this lucky situation or
somebody saw it and said hey yeah
there's this situation if we do this you
know we can get a win I don't know how
intentional this was if it were
intentional somebody's pretty darn smart
and if it's accidental somebody's pretty
darn lucky but it was pretty darn
perfect
got into a little Twitter conversation
with representative ted Lieu so ted Lieu
was making an analogy on twitter he was
saying that although muller did not
conclude that President Trump was guilty
of anything that one he did provide was
some ham and some sale and jetsam you
know some bread and he gave you all the
ingredients for a ham sandwich and just
the fact that Muller doesn't want to
call it a ham sandwich doesn't make it
not a ham sandwich if you've got bread
and ham and you've put them together
just right now as you know analogies are
just terrific analogies I'm joking of
course I make fun of analogies everyday
analogies never prove anything but I
joined that conversation and retweeted
that with my own comment and I said if
two people are standing in a room one of
them sees an elephant and they're
standing right next to each other and
the person next to him says no there's
no elephant which one of them has the
right version of reality it's always the
one who doesn't see the elephant right
the person who's seeing things that the
person standing right next to him PLC is
the one that's almost always
hallucinating generally speaking
hallucinations are additions to the to
the universe they are not subtractions
then as somebody is prompting me here
Mark Cuban entered the conversation and
responded to my response and I wrote
that down somewhere boo
and Mark Cuban says and not when it
comes to politics partisanship via both
parties has destroyed common sense and
distorted reality well I don't disagree
with the general statement that people
are irrational but I responded that
common sense has always been an illusion
no such thing as common sense and
politics certainly did not destroy it
Covington's never existed we've never
had it we just didn't notice until
recently and it's the noticing that's
what's different it's not the fact that
we're irrational suddenly we didn't
suddenly become irrational
we've always been this irrational
exactly this irrational no difference
we're a hundred percent irrational
always were probably always will be
until we merge with computers and maybe
the computers fix us but certainly
there's no situation where things were
pretty rational before and then in the
age of Trump we all went crazy that
didn't happen
what happened was and by the way I
predicted this publicly and multiple
times before it happened years before
happened and when Trump was entering the
race back in 2015
I said clearly and frequently he was
going to change more than politics he
was going to change the way we saw
reality itself and he did because we now
understand in a way that we never
understood before that the facts don't
change people's opinions they don't
people do not change their opinion
because of facts now scientists have
long known this the people who study you
know the human mind and decision making
everything they've known this forever
but or at least for a long time I've
known this for a long time I studied
hypnosis and persuasion and anybody who
follows that path understands it as well
but the general public still was under
the impression that they were 90 percent
rational most of the time you know most
of the time I'm rational every once
awhile I get a little crazy but really
reality is reverse of that we are
irrational 90% of the time on all the
big questions anything that has some
emotion or complexity to it
and the little stuff that we don't have
any emotion about about let's say
balancing your checkbook I like to use
that example has no emotion to it so we
can be rational about the little stuff
but that's it
and that Norm Macdonald jumped into that
strings we had ted Lieu me mark cuban
norma coddled it was sort of a minor
celebrity
I guess Mark Cuban's a major celebrity
but the rest of us are are a little more
minor so that I think it was norm who
said that regardless people weren't
going to change their mind
so he pointed out that people aren't
going to change their mind based on
facts which I agree now if we were to if
we were to look at my situation of the
person who sees the elephant as someone
hallucinating not the person who doesn't
see it how often would that have been
right well it would have been right with
Russian occlusion because a lot of
people saw the elephant and then when it
was exhaustively studied there was no
elephant how many people heard the
president say that neo-nazis are fine
people a lot tens of millions of people
believe they saw the President of the
United States said that neo-nazis are
literally fine people except that it
didn't happen another tens of million
said no that didn't happen I was
watching the same stuff you were saying
watching and he said the opposite and so
would you look into it the the
transcript is clear he said that he
wasn't talking about me or Nazis he said
that directly no I'm not talking about
neo-nazis and white nationalists they
should be condemned
totally so was the elephant there or was
the elephant not there it was not there
soon as you dug into it a little bit
there was no elephant so once again the
people who saw the elephant were wrong
what happened when the Covington kids
video came out a bunch of people said
hey
there's that kid being a real jerk or
maybe he's a racist or something to that
poor Native American man that's that's
what I saw on the first blush other
people didn't see it
there were other people who watched that
inside huh yeah I don't see it even on
the first visit video people said I'm
looking right at it I've seen it I
thought which one of us was
hallucinating
I was the people who said I'm looking at
the same thing you are Scott I don't see
it who was right they were they were the
people who who didn't see it were right
and you'll see this consistently the
people who see the elephant are the ones
who were hallucinating yes the koi the
koi fish situation etc I think I'll sip
to that let's talk about Iran so
speaking of Joel Pollock he had probably
the best story in the news today most of
the news today is reruns and
uninteresting things if I'm being honest
is sort of a slow news day the most
interesting article is in Breitbart by
Joel Pollak I tweet it is so you can see
it in my Twitter feed it's about the
f-35s and there's rumors that the
Israelis flew in f-35 an advanced
aircraft that apparently their engineers
had improved in some way to get better
range and it flown over Iran maybe took
some pictures or did some surveillance
and flew home without being detected
what they flew all the way to Iran from
Israel which normally would have
required refueling which apparently they
didn't need to do took some pictures and
while home without being detected
is it true well there's a rumor that is
true and part of the rumor is that that
perhaps the
Russians had revealed to the Israelis
the secret codes to avoiding Russian
radar that was placed in Iran guess if
you have the secret code you can make
yourself invisible to the radar which
would make sense that the Russians would
have such a thing because they might
want to be invisible to their own radar
someday if they sold the radar to some
other country now is any of this
verifiable not really I mean not at this
point so what if only part of that was
true what if it were true just that they
had flown an f-35 over Iran and went
home without being detected if that's
true Iran is just completely helpless
defense wise or completely helpless what
if the second part is true that Russia
gave the secret codes to Israel I would
put that at less less credible just
because it's a military thing and nobody
really gives a military secret to
anybody else unless their own their own
safety is at stake I would think so I
would be highly skeptical about that
part but here's the thing you can't rule
it out in Kenya can't rule it out
because there's the thought that Russia
might not want war with Iran and maybe
this is one of the ways that Iran is
convinced the starting Wars a very very
bad idea
very very bad idea by showing that their
defenses are useless
well to be that's maybe stretching a
little too far but the f-35 is real and
whether that f-35 is enhanced and
whether or not it can make it there
without refueling or not I don't know if
that's the big difference but if it can
that's pretty important now I mean it's
important but it wouldn't be the
difference between war and not war I
don't think because they can be refueled
it's just harder
now what's interesting about this is
that it may be part of the tapestry of
why Iran may be more flexible and
talking peace than they ever have before
I've been telling you that the way Iran
is acting even though they seem like
they're trying to provoke a war by you
know messes with stuff and in the
Straits it doesn't look like they're
going too far it looks like they're
they're keeping their problem making to
a bee-sting
you know it's just a little pink just a
little pinch here a little pinch there
it seems like they're very intentionally
keeping it below whatever is the level
that would cause an actual shooting war
probably because they don't want war
they say that and I think that that's
true so I'll say it again you can never
you can never feel comfortable
predicting that you'll have peace in the
Middle East it's sort of a the hardest
prediction to ever make but I will say
this we've never been closer we might
never be this close again pretty much
everything partly by accident partly by
skill seems to be lining up for
something big all it would require at
this point literally one person to
change their mind and what I say change
their mind he doesn't really even need
to change his mind I'm talking about the
Supreme Leader of Iran
how many if he decided to try to make
peace well everybody else would be on
board with that and it's the last thing
we you would need literally one person
and the whole region is going to change
would that one person like to have peace
more than war well some of you say oh
it's a doomsday cult and Iran just wants
to kill themselves to bring back the
12th Imam or something I've never
believed any of that I do not believe
leaders of countries want their country
to be destroyed in a war for some large
religious reason
certainly not Iran there are too many
people in the you know around the
ayatollah such that even if the supreme
later thought that was a good idea there
would be enough people around to make
that not happen that you know iran is a
dictatorship but not really because even
the supreme leader has to be appointed
by the the counsel of other ayatollahs
or whatever that it is i forget the
exact system but you can't be the
supreme leader unless the the other the
other religious leaders below you agree
that you're the supreme leader so now of
course once he's in power he can do a
lot of things to put pressure on
everybody else
but the point is it's never really a one
person decision not really even if there
is a supreme leader he needs the support
of his people or else he knows he can't
last and he needs the support of his
generals if you will or he knows it
can't work so I would say Iran is
teetering on the edge of being a
productive part of the Middle East and
we would welcome them because the
Iranian people are awesome I say this
all the time but it it's worth repeating
the Iranian people are awesome people
and I'd like to see more of them not
less of them so and if you've never
spent time with any Iranians you don't
know what I'm talking about but they're
there and especially warm you know they
like the West they're great people all
right so let's not have any more of them
kabul harris had an interesting idea she
doesn't call it reparations but it gets
pretty close so calmly harris wants to
invest sixty billion dollars she doesn't
say where this is going to come from of
course in science technology engineering
and math education at the HBCUs the HBCU
is historical black colleges and you
versus I think so these are the colleges
that are primarily catering to
african-american students and Harris
herself graduated in 1986 from one of
them I guess
and so sixty billion dollars primarily
aimed at african-american students to
get them more into STEM high-paying jobs
this is very close to what I had floated
once but she's not she's not selling it
well I had once floated the idea that if
you were to do reparations you should do
them in the form of improving education
for low-income people making it free or
cheap or easy for everybody to go to
college if you make it cheap and free
for everybody that includes the black
population and that that would be a
gigantic potential for improving things
the way Kamel Harris's is doing it it
looks like she's gonna tax we don't know
who but presumably people with money not
poor people and she wants to give it to
historically black colleges there's one
problem with that plan
what is the one problem with that plan
it's racist how else can you describe
that plan except it's racist I don't
know how else to describe it and I'm not
even if we were to back up a little bit
and say okay let's not be partisan you
know let's let's just try to you know be
as objective as we are it is a plan that
is aimed at a specific ethnicity
explicitly I'm not I'm not adding that
as my analysis it's explicitly aimed at
one ethnicity and so I asked myself
where's the sixty billion dollars for
the white further than I'm sorry where's
the sixty billion dollars for the
poor Hispanic citizens where's the 60
billion dollars for the poor white
citizens the reason that this can't work
is that it's explicitly racist it's
explicitly racist it's not even
pretending not to be now
I liked what I've called the the hawk
abusive approach to reparations I've
said this before well hard gruesome said
and I'm over interpreting his opinion so
that so don't don't pin this on him I'm
taking something he's had and extending
it which is that and I'm not sure where
he got this from that whatever you do
this good for the black population in
this country is going to be good for
everyone if you do it right so everyone
works out everyone is better off if some
if any kind of program is also good for
black people I would say that's right if
what you're doing is making sure that
everyone who has no opportunity now
because they're poor and even though
it's a country with plenty of
opportunity if you're poor you have less
less of it so if you extended the
opportunity for people in the lowest end
of the economic spectrum you would get
everybody but it would necessarily help
black people more than other people
because there's a higher percentage of
poverty in that group so that would be a
kind of reparations that I think
somebody could sell here's another form
of reparations are you ready border
security Matt I'm not recommending this
so I'm just gonna throw this out for
some red meat for something to think
about but I'm not recommending it I'm
just saying
who benefits the most from strong border
security whether it's the wall or the
wall plus better border security who is
it who benefits the most from strong
border security African Americans and
everybody poor who's competing
were competing for jobs at the low end
so it seems to me you could actually
sell the wall as reparations because it
is it would be money that would be
mostly coming from it would be coming
mostly from rich people because that's
where taxes come from yeah they come
from people who have money not not from
people who don't so if you were to tax
the rich to pay for border security you
would end up with reparations it would
be rich white people paying a lot of
money to literally protect primarily
black citizens and also Hispanic
citizens and any kind of citizens were
in the lower economic spectrum the
border is reparations if you do it if
you sold it that way now I'm not
suggesting that the president sell it
that way because he would be mocked
before that but logically it is
logically it makes sense but you can't
politically I'd be impossible of course
all right that brings us to the end of
my prepared comments do you have any
questions oh I had one other thing I
wanted to talk about I saw a comment on
Twitter so this is just a person's
opinion on Twitter so it doesn't matter
who it is it's just a person on Twitter
who made this statement which I found
provocative the statement is the root
cause of depression is lack of
meaningful work the root cause of
depression
is lack of meaningful work and that
depression could cause drug abuse and
all kinds of other problems now I do not
believe that all depression is because
of lack of meaning for there's a real
organic there's a an actual mental
health problem that is depression that
is independent of what you're doing
so certainly there exists some forms of
depression they have nothing to do with
whether you're working or not working so
I think we can all agree to that but the
general sense that it seems to me that
people are more anxious and more
depressed than a time in history maybe
it's our smartphones maybe it's modern
life maybe it's something but I do I do
see this correlation I see that when
people have meaningful work they seem to
get along better in life and so it could
also be true that people who have maybe
they're close to depression but they
wouldn't otherwise have it if they had
meaningful work I think there is
something to meaningful work I think
we're built that way and I think that as
we have less and less of it and I'm
talking about even simple things you
know my job sometimes it is meaningful
it's much more meaningful when I'm doing
this my my drawing cartoons has its
purpose but it's not really meaningful
if you know what I mean you know if
Dilber stopped running tomorrow the
world would go on pretty well and the
other thing is that Dilbert doesn't give
me a physical sense of accomplishment I
mean I draw it on the computer it's a
digital product so I like doing the
periscopes because it connects me better
to the world it's more meaningful so
what I'm doing right now is completely
satisfying on a purpose of life level
cartooning is a job and they're
different all right
do you remember what was the big scandal
a few days ago I'm already forgetting it
was the president's tweet about go back
home is it my imagination or did that
hole go back home thing just disappear
suddenly when it turned out that the two
members of the squad have been using
that same language in public telling
other people too
go back where they came from or is it
just that the whole Mahler thing just
eliminated it because it seems to me
that the the racism charge against Trump
a lot of the steam got taken out of that
by the fact that well first of all
calmly Harris is literally recommending
a racist program and not even
apologizing for it this literally racist
she attacked Joe Biden for being
somewhat adjacent to racism I mean I
don't think she actually accused she
didn't accuse Biden of being a racist
but he was sort of racist adjacent he
was in the neighborhood of a racist he
was sort of close to somebody who was
almost one but not really and then of
course the squad being racist it just
makes a little racism thing looked
ridiculous at the same time that the the
Russia collusion thing completely fell
apart so what do they have left what do
the anti-trump errs have left that they
started to pivot to health care at about
the same time that we learned that
pharmaceutical costs may have stalled or
going down for the first time ever ever
the first time ever how do you run
against that how do you run a candidate
against the best presidential
performance of all time and by the way I
say that without I don't think that this
is an exaggeration now I could be
completely deluded because you know
everybody's in their own little bubble
but I've been saying this for a long
time and it just seems to be more and
more true every day it seems to me their
president Trump's first term so far is
the best presidential performance of all
time I would say he's got the most done
productively of anybody any president
ever I don't know I would love to hear
it a historian compared now if you were
to say who's the best president ever
people would say ah you can't you can't
say Trump is the best president ever at
cuz look at the founders you got your
Jefferson you got your Washington yeah
you got your Madison's or whatever
Madison but how many of the founders
were slave owners right you can't really
compare a moderate president to a slave
owner because we sort of automatically
give the slave owner okay a lot of
credit for some of the good things you
did but yeah you know on slaves a modern
president didn't own any slaves and just
came in and did some good work for the
the public so you're already starting in
front I think even Lincoln had some
troubling racist beliefs did he not you
know Lincoln did a solid for the country
but I think he's got some things to
explain far more than Trump so we have
an unusual situation in which perhaps
John Adams wasn't that is correct my
potential relative John Adams was not
only not a slave owner but he was a
lawyer who defended at least one slave
in a very public case but nobody thinks
John Adams was a top president so
there's that I think he was one-term
wasn't he wasn't John Adams one term
do I have that wrong I don't remember
exactly all right that's all you have to
talk about today go off and have a
wonderful day because it's gonna be a
wonderful day that's all you need to
know bye for now