[Music]
wow
[Music]
well let's prepare for this show we're
going to need proper
lighting we're going to need
notes it's going to be the show of shows
the best thing that ever happened to you
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I'm
pretty sure you've never had a better
time in your life and if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
I'm pretty sure nobody's ever seen
before well all you need for that is a
cuper mar glass of tanker chalis IR a
Cen jger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine head
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and you need it badly
happens
now so good well I was just going to
fire up my beloved locals people so I
can see their comments
separately and where are you beloved
locals people
there you
are there you are huh okay that's
interesting let me just check one thing
live oh there's a new menu where I can
find the live
stuff
perfect it's an
improvement I like
improvements well um we got lots of news
to cover today aren't you glad glad
you're
here happy Saturday happy
June if you were subscribing to the
dilber comic which never ended even
though it was cancelled it just got
better but it's beyond the subscription
wall here at here at the uh scott.
locals or also on the
xplatform and if you were subscribing
you would see at the Dilbert comic that
started with the following panel today
Dr doctor is talking to Dilbert and in
telling Dilbert quote your testicles are
filled with
microplastics now only subscribers will
know what happens next but let me tell
you it can only happen in the cartoon
Universe fun fun fun all right let's
talk about sketchy
science am I the only person who has
noticed that whenever there's a miracle
drug the potential side effects are
always
seem to be in this narrow area for
example here's new drug that will make
bald men regrow their
hair you know it's going to make your
dick not work right let's just
automatic if it's going to let you have
your hair back so you can get your good
looks so to speak then it's not going to
let you use it nope it's going to take
that away from you and now we find out
there are reports that people taking OIC
are losing weight looking good except
their hair is falling out now this has
not been confirmed by any science this
is anecdotal but it's in the news today
that uh a lot of hairdressers are seeing
it the experts are saying it might not
be a permanent thing it might have it
might have less to do with the drug and
more to do with the rapid weight loss so
apparently if you're losing weight
you're more likely to you know have your
hair fall out but they think it might
grow back after you get off the
OIC in other words when you start
gaining your weight back so you can
either have hair or you can be thin but
I'm sorry you can't have both one less
well I guess there is an
alternative I've heard of it it's
speculative it's speculative there's a
thing called I don't know if I have the
words right uh eating right in exercise
have you heard of it
I know it's harder but if you want to do
it the easy way your hair might fall out
just be aware of that oh and by the way
it'll make you lose your liido and get
sick so if you let's say trying to
impress your spouse with your weight
loss and you're thinking I'm looking
pretty good now and your spouse says to
you you know what happened to your hair
well okay my hair fell out but look at
my body and uh then your spouse says
well you got a good point your body
looks good you want to have some sex
I'd love to but my libido has fallen off
oh well maybe you could just you know I
don't know how to say this but could you
maybe give me some sex I'd love to but
I'm also suffering from nausea from a
side effect so apparently the universe
has conspired that if there's one reason
that you can't get laid and you fix that
one reason it's going to give you a new
reason not to get laid right away I
don't know why that happened
but is so consistent it's like a a
natural law of the universe there's also
a sleep apnea drug that uh is not
approved but the study found there's
this thing called ad
109 that if you have a mild case of
sleep apnea it can somehow help you
sleep through the night so this is
amazing and great and everything about
this is positive right going to be a new
drug it's going to cure my mild sleep
apapa which I
have so it's all upside huh let's see is
there any criticism of it oh somebody
named kulman explains uh H they left
down of this study report uh the oxygen
saturation of the person using the drug
now given that the problem with sleep
apnea is that it lowers your oxygen
levels during the night if you had a
drug that stopped your mild sleep AP
it's really only purpose would be to
improve your oxygen saturation and so if
I were going to brag about a drug that
helped with sleep apnea right at the top
of the article I'd put something like
your blood your blood oxygen is going to
be
100% but I wouldn't leave it
out how the hell do you leave that out
like the only thing that actually
mattered to the study
sketchy science but that's sketchy
science and science that is there to
mess with you but I there's also a
category of science that's my favorite
so I'm not objective about science
there's some types of science I really
love and then there's other types that
I'm like not so much but let me tell you
the kind of science I like it's the kind
that agrees with what I'm already doing
yes that's called uh accurate science
yeah so if the science says uh the best
thing you could possibly do is uh sit in
a room with ring lights on and talk into
a microphone every morning and it will
make you immortal I'll be like
really that's great because I sit in
front of ring lights every morning and I
talk into a microphone I'm GNA live
forever that's called good science don't
don't confuse that with the the crappy
stuff that says if you do bad things
like you're doing right now it'll kill
you no ignore that stuff you only what
the science says what you're already
doing is genius and here's some science
that I like a lot apparently uh those
who've had six servings of fruit and
vegetables a
day were 34% less likely to experience
poor thinking skills later on that's
right your fruits and your vegetables
will make you smarter later in life and
they say that drinking orange juice will
uh is linked to a 47% lower risk of
memory problems with
age so how much do I like this well let
me tell you I've been pretty pissed off
for a few years now about the fact that
Jordan Peterson is obviously so much
smarter than I
am but uh toris in the hair people
tortois in the hair
soon as I'm done with this I'm probably
going to eat a fruit or a vegetable as I
do but what's Jordan Peterson doing he's
eating meat on his carnivore diet which
apparently is doing great things for his
health in the short
term in the short term but already I can
feel the Gap is
closing you've probably seen it too you
know he started out like 100% smarter
than
me I think he's probably no more than 96
97% smarter than me now I mean you could
already feel the difference and I'm
going to eat vegetables
until more people watch my program
because that's how it
works so suck on that
Peterson all right um apparently the
whole climate science uh thing is
falling apart and
I'll say again the number one thing that
hurt climate science um and made people
more skeptical or should have is
learning that the number one reason why
you should believe climate science has
been completely
debunked and I haven't seen anybody say
this on any kind of legitimate
news but how many years Have you
listened to say to you Scott
98% of scientists are all on the same
side and therefore how in the world
could it be wrong and then we live
through the
pandemic and we see that as long as
scientists get
paychecks The Entity that's above the
scientist who's paying them will never
take chances see here's what's wrong
with the
system corporations can't take chances
they kind of got to go with the the norm
whatever the norm is they got to go with
it
so your employer who's going to be a
larger entity that has to go with the
Norms always has to you you can't really
Buck what everybody thinks if you're a
company trying to make money everybody
will say I think I'll shop somewhere
else so in general you know if you're a
big entity you've got to do what the
public thinks is true in general but if
you are a rogue scientist who you made
your own money and worked for yourself
and nothing could affect your income
well then you could disagree with the
consensus and people would but we see
that in the real world there there are
no independent scientists or
doctors well that's an exaggeration in
general 98% of them are taking a
paycheck from somebody which means they
really don't have the option to tell you
the truth as they see it just think
about that we've developed a system that
by its design eliminates the possibility
of the individuals telling you the truth
if it disagreed with the consensus can't
do it they're actually get the the
incentive to just go along is 100% the
incentive to Buck the system is zero you
don't get anything out of that so since
climate change science was really always
uh well you can't do the science
yourself but you can certainly trust us
because we're all on the same team and
we've looked at it under different ways
and every time we look at it no matter
what way we look at it doesn't matter
what window we're looking through which
thing we're
studying miraculously it whole seems to
support climate science or at least the
alarm of climate
science but now that you know that the
more routine situation is 100% of the
experts will lie routinely
predictably
reliably as long as they have a boss the
only thing you need to make make the
whole system not work is that the
experts have bosses that's it that's all
you need to sell the public anything
that isn't true bosses you don't need
anything
else so as long as you got bosses in the
pandemic all the all the professionals
said oh wear your mask and take your
vaccines as long as the uh climate
scientists have bosses and they need
well bosses also and they need to get
grants right right they need to apply
for Grants which ends up being like your
boss in a sense uh in a virtual sense uh
under that condition you would expect
that 98% of the experts not only not
only could be lying but largely
guaranteed because they're going to
agree with everything that comes out
that agrees with the narrative
everything and even if something were
completely true you kind of have to
expect that some of the science would be
not reliable but I don't think that
happens I think anything that supports
the narrative all the peer reviewers
go that looks good to me supporting a
narrative but we can also see that
predictions do not match reality the
models are being exposed as garbage you
see money distorting things and um Zero
Hedge has a great article that I are
reposted uh Owen Gregorian has a has a
little write up on that and and you
really need to spend a minute looking at
a skeptic's uh path through the science
once you read what the Skeptics say
about it it's really hard to believe the
98% of
experts if you just took look at the two
arguments next to each other you know
just spend spend a week looking at all
the pro-climate change stuff and I just
spend a week looking at nothing but the
the critics and the Skeptics
the critics and the Skeptics have a much
better argument has anybody gone through
that experience I I've done that i' I've
like immersed myself in both worlds and
when you come out there is one that's
better it's not even
close it's not close that you know I've
told you about the documentary
effect that's what caused climate change
El Gore's documentary he put it in a
documentary and documentaries by their
nature are persuasive even when they're
not true how many of the scientists and
the people running your government know
that if they saw it in a documentary it
should be treated like they've seen
nothing how many of them know that none
basically none unless they're also
hypnotists and study persuasion which
would be rare no they actually think
that if the documentary was convincing
from beginning to end they saw something
like reality or truth nope there is
nothing like that happening in a
documentary in fact I just heard that
there was uh the group Salem I think had
something to do with Distributing the
2,000 mules documentary how many of you
watched the 2000 mules documentary and
when you were done said well there was
definitely some cheating you I could
they they've proved it with this 200000
mules how many of you thought that was
true because you saw the documentary
now I don't know what's true I can just
tell you that that hasn't hasn't reached
the uh level of credibility that we all
wondered if it would it never did and uh
at least one group is apologizing
forever having anything to do with it
and removing it from their
site so that doesn't mean it's wrong by
the way doesn't mean it's wrong I'm just
making the point that if you ever saw
the documentary you were convinced by it
independently from whether it was true
so how persuasive it is is unrelated to
how true it is that you have to learn
that that's the most important thing to
learn um here's some dumb thing that I'm
seeing lately I'm seeing some experts um
oh I should I should correct
that I'm not sure exactly which experts
have said this so there might be some
smart experts I like who or say it so I
won't say they're dumb I'll disagree
with them the experts are saying that uh
if you're a math major or in your you're
in the technical Sciences the AI might
take your job but if you're like a
English major or you're in one of these
communication soft Arts kind of jobs the
AI might have trouble catching up and
you'll still have plenty to do even
working with AI because the AI will not
have the language skills and the
insights that you have as a uh nonstem
major does that sound sound right to you
does that
track do do you really think that the
technologists are going to be worth
nothing because AI will do it
all or do you think that and and that
the the English majors are not the
easiest for AI to
replace well here's my take on that so
far all right I I'm I'm sort of a hybrid
kind of an individual in the sense that
I've had some experience with technology
but mostly I work in you know a
communication field so I I've kind of
straddled both domains enough that I got
a little bit of visibility in
each I've also spent quite a bit of time
playing with a variety of AI apps to see
what they can and cannot do and I'll
tell you the the single most obvious
conclusion is that they can't do
anything without the person standing
right
there and if you didn't understand a
little bit about technology you'd be
even you know more helpless using it so
I think that AI will only ever be a tool
for people who are technically
proficient in other words they're going
to understand they're going to have to
understand how to use the AI when to use
which one which ones work with other AIS
what types of Errors they have how to
correct them how to how to find the
right super prompts how to keep them
updated and on and on and on so I see
that there's in my in my opinion people
with technical expertise will will never
go out a style because you just won't be
able to use AI in any technical way
unless the person using it is a
technical person let let me put it this
way if you gave me Ai and said Scott
build a new network prot
that makes your internal Network work
twice as
fast I'm not sure I could ask the right
questions and I'm not sure I would
know if the AI came up with a better
idea so you really need to be the person
monitoring the AI I don't think the
technical jobs would go away I do think
you know some very specific things like
you know maybe some higher level math
will just be completely computer that
makes sense but let's look at the soft
skills commun unication skills because
this is really important if if there are
any young people or even if you're in
the middle of your career you're
thinking uh oh where am I say from
AI I think AI will replace you know
maybe half of the soft
Arts but I do think that there's a cap
on how good AI can be and I'm going to
be really arrogant to make this next
Point there's no I didn't have another
way to do it I thought about how can I
do this without being super arrogant and
I thought okay there's no way to do it
so since I think the point is worth
making because there's value to it I'll
just be super arrogant I hope you could
forgive
me AI can't replace
me that's the Arrogant part have you
seen AI try to write
jokes can't do it do you think it will
someday be able to write jokes with
better training I don't think so do you
know why cuz I couldn't teach you to do
it do you think do you think I could
take the smartest among you who has
let's say natural ability and I could
train you to do what I do I don't think
so nobody's ever done it in the history
of in the history of humanity nobody's
ever done that there's some things you
can imitate and you can learn tools like
if I if I taught you how to paint I
could certainly teach you some of the
tricks of painting but I couldn't make
you V Go Can't Make You Van Go rembrand
Can't Make You
rembrand D Vinci can't make you D Vinci
right so why do you think we can train
the machines to do that because the
machines are this big average of us at
least the the current versions these
llms no I don't think it could ever I
think it's capped I I don't think the
machines will ever in their current
design right there might be some future
completely different design that that
gets there but as we know it it doesn't
really have a chance of replacing me I
thought I did but the more I work with I
can say no it looks like there's a a
natural Gap it's not it's not that we
haven't gotten There Yet now I know how
that sounds the the biggest mistake that
anybody's ever made forecasting
technology is well it'll never get
there the it will never get there is the
most wrong thing anybody's everever said
about every part of Technology
there there's always been somebody who
says the plane won't fly you know the
computers will never be that fast
nobody's going to need a computer on
their desk you know so there there's a
there's a graveyard of people who made
this kind of prediction but I'm going to
make it based on observation and it's
design design is Destiny if we were
designed
differently like maybe uh artificial
general intelligence that we might have
someday then I would say I don't know
maybe maybe can replace me but with its
current design I think there's a design
limit that I don't know can be designed
around so I think uh I think the people
with communication skills at least half
of them will easily be
replaced but the people in the top
5% I just don't know that the technology
can get there you know I think we'll use
it as a tool oh by the way I used AI I
used
AI for the first time I think in actual
um Production Way so this maybe only
exciting to me so if you read Dilbert
you've been reading it forever you know
that I'm always running out of angles
like angles of view like okay you know
you're looking over Dilbert's shoulder
okay you're looking at it from outside
the room okay here's one from outside
the building and I I rapidly run out of
angles to choose from in my head
so the other day I was drawing one that
was just going to be Dilbert and Dober
talking at home and I said uh I told AI
to draw me a just a person sitting at a
desk and a dog in the room and I drew
one and I said okay now do the same
thing except as if the camera angle is
from six feet looking down it did and I
said okay that's good but you know move
move this angle here move that Angle now
it draws me a picture of a guy with a
computer at an angle that I'd never
drawn before but it was real easy just
looking at it to draw it you know once
you saw the perspect if you're if you're
a trained artist you just have to look
at it and you can draw it but until I
looked at it my brain had never created
that angle in my head so I couldn't draw
it I can only draw what I could imagine
and i' never imagined that angle before
so I couldn't draw it so you're going to
see a comic on Sunday this Sunday look
at the first two
panels and you'll see it's a a new level
of graphic interest came out really well
I think I'll do a little more of that so
that was that was a good example of AI
being valuable all right uh here's some
science you should have asked Scott
we'll get to the politics real
soon um that uh there's all kinds of
stuff in your body that can affect your
mental health so it could be anything
from your bacteria to inflammation to
all this and and they're learning that
your mental state could be determined by
your physical health and your metabolism
and stuff to which I
say
seriously you couldn't have just asked
me just ask me next time you don't have
to do all this studying
yes and let me put it in let me reframe
it in a way that makes
sense the reason that we think of our
brain and and our thoughts as being the
thing that's happening inside our skull
is that humans like to separate things
into categories so that they can create
things like you know jobs around that
category so you've got a brain suron
who's not as trained at maybe setting
broken bones Etc so for practical
reasons we divide things into categories
here's your brain here's your body two
different things
but my reframe is this your brain is not
just the thing inside your skull your
brain is your whole
body and your environment you've heard
me say this before if you want to change
your
brain you need to change your
environment and that changes your body
and then your body changes your brain so
for example uh it's well understood that
if you go to the park and go out in
nature
there seem to be some fairly immediate
benefits to your mental health and that
do seems so not only do you feel it when
you do it but all the science suggests
now the way we usually think of that is
oh my brain is in my head and then I'm
going to go to the park and I feel
better here's a better way to think of
it the park is your
brain right the the room that you didn't
clean up that's your brain the reason
Jordan Peterson says clean your room is
that's how you program your brain no the
room is your
brain the park is your brain it's all
part of the same system as soon as you
realize that your brain is extended into
Everything You Touch and
experience then you suddenly your
options for what to do about things
become much Fuller see if you don't
understand that the park is part of your
brain and you're sad and you're sitting
there what are you going to do about it
what are you going to
do but if you say oh my brain's a
problem and all I have to do is spend
more time in the outdoor park part of my
brain I'll be fine you you know exactly
what to do so your brain is your
environment uh Apple is reportedly going
to enhance Siri so it's got more AI
stuff in the first version we don't know
when this will come out exactly looks
like iOS 18
maybe but you'll be able to give it
commands that it can perform at first
only with Apple's own apps so apple has
a you know messaging app an email app
calculator app built in I guess Siri
would be able to activate things within
the apps so you could say things like
the example given was you could have it
record a meeting you know just have it
record and then tell it to send those
meeting notes by email to somebody you
just name the person
and
uh I I think I've told you before I sold
my Apple stock um last year because I
thought Apple was not excelling Ai and I
was worried that they'd lost their juice
you know that that the jobs era just
can't be reproduced now maybe it can
Apple Apple has been killing it over and
over against expectations for decades so
betting against them is kind of a
sketchy thing but the reason I had their
stock is because they were in
Monopoly I invested in them because they
weren't competing really you know once
you got locked into their ecosystem you
couldn't get out um but now ai changes
everything I mean Elon Musk asked the
other day on X do you think X should
make a
phone now I don't know if he will but if
he did it wouldn't be poking apps with
your finger I I think it' be whatever is
the next Generation after that
anyway there's a report that uh Tik Tock
might be secretly preparing to separate
their code if they areir forced to
divest so they would have something to
sell to some entity in the United States
who could then run it but they deny it
publicly however let me give you my
dilber take on this if you're as rich as
Tik Tock and the likelihood that you
will completely Bean a business in the
United States is very high of of course
they're working on separating the
code they have to be ready for both of
those possibilities and the the
financial implication of either path
either going out of business in the
United States or selling the business to
somebody in the United States are
enormous we're talking about billions of
dollars do you don't you don't think
that when billions are on the line
they're not going to have somebody just
getting ready for either opportunity of
course of course yeah there there's no
chance that they're not preparing
to divest they'd be a ridiculous company
if they weren't doing
that uh There's A study says about one
in three Americans know somebody who's
died of a drug overdose according to a
new
survey CBS news
reporting um but that may they're
reminded me of
this um so one and three of you know
somebody who's died of a drug overdose
what does that tell you about drug
overdoses well a lot of things but
number one it tells you they're probably
real right when when a study matches
your
observation you say well that's probably
real because I see it too I always use
the example of science tells you that
smoking cigarettes can give you lung
cancer and sure enough the people I know
who had lung cancer smoke cigarettes or
tobacco so that matches um but here's
one that never matched
there were 30 to 50,000 people dying of
the seasonal flu before covid and then I
saw somebody the other day saying hey
why did all the covid numbers disappear
and they they were speculating that the
seasonal flu deaths were being added to
the co desk to pump up the number I
don't think that's what was happening I
think what happened was we found out
that the seasonal flu numbers were never
real because I've never met anybody who
died of the seasonal flu if you know
what I mean and I don't think one in
three people know anybody personally who
died of the seasonal
flu but 30 to 50,000 a
year that that's sort of the drunk
driving number of deaths how many of you
know somebody who died from drunk
driving pretty much all of you right
pretty much everybody knows somebody
directly or indirectly who died from
drunk driving either they were hit by
one or they were one so that's real
drunk driving is
real um but I don't think seasonal flu
deaths are real I think that they were
always faking us with those numbers so
we would buy the vaccinations and that
it was never real that's my that's my
hypothesis because the disconnect
between how much there was and the fact
that I've never seen or heard of an
example of it no I'm not buying
that and there's a reason they were fake
uh we we had have some insight they were
never counted in the past so what
happened during the pandemic was not
necessarily that they were adding those
deaths to covid it was that we learned
for the first
time by counting all the deaths and
really keeping track that the flu deaths
had always been an estimate based on
excess mortality it was never based on
Counting the flu deaths and excess
mortality is could be
anything yes that yeah I'm not sure if
seasonal flu deaths were ever real
except maybe somebody was
90 all right um here's something that
looked like a parody on just the news
was reporting this apparently the AP is
going to partner with Outlets funded by
liberals to launch a nonpartisan news
initiative come
on first of all it's the AP and second
of all they're going to a liberal funded
nonpartisan news ini itive that's not a
thing yeah that
there Democrats are still stuck at the
level of awareness where they think some
of the news is
real uh but those other people are lying
to them now if you if you're stuck in
that level of reality nothing you do is
going to be right because it's a wrong
view of reality the real reality is that
all the news has always been fake all
the time it's just that one side's fakes
it differently than the other now that's
all the important stuff there's always
lack of context Etc now how do I know
this well I know it the same way
everybody who's been in the news knows
it I've been in the news so many times
that I know what's true about myself
let's say and I can tell that the news
is wrong routinely almost all the time
at least there's context left
out so yes the news is not real well
climate change is not reporting on
what's
real even if it is real that's not why
it's being
reported the reason things get reported
are completely unrelated to whether
they're real you know if you don't know
that that the corporate media is a way
to control the country it's not a way to
inform the country right the way we were
taught when we were kids was that we
have this elected government that is you
know responsive to the citizens and
thank God we have the Free Press because
the Free Press acts like Regulators it's
almost like they regulate the government
because they expose their bad things and
then they have to change or go to jail
that's what I was
taught here's the
truth everything that's regulated
eventually gets captured by the what
they regulate if you're regulating a
business the business will eventually
because it has all the money and The
Regulators are report people they'll
find some way to get their people on the
regulator board or they'll say you know
you haven't made much money as a
regulator but gosh you're so experienced
in this that if you were to ever quit
the regulating board we'd sure look at
you as a high paid employee in the
future that's for sure and so by the way
while you're regulating and before you
get this great job with us we've got
some things we'd like you to decide and
if you decide the right way well we're
definitely going hire you in the future
for high Bay but if it goes the other
way I'm I don't know I'm not sure if
you're the kind of employee that we we'd
want to take a chance on so as long as
the thing getting regulated has more
money than the people regulating them
The Regulators will eventually be owned
by the regulated and we observe that
everywhere
everywhere it's not something that's
happened once and so it's a big story
because that one time it happened no
it's the universal thing happens
everywhere is the FDA a independent
Branch working for your benefit I doubt
it I don't think so no are any of the
regulatory boards independent of the
things that they're regulating I don't
think so well I doubt
it do you think Congress is independent
of the um the industrial military
complex not a
chance no they're supposed to be sort of
in charge of it but no the
military-industrial complex has more
money than politicians so what happens
when that happens The Regulators get
regulated you know it
reverses so what happens with the news
the news is supposed to be the The
Regulators of our government but what
really happened well our government
first of all is a uh basically a a
corporate
because it does what big corporations
wanted to do and what do big
corporations do well they got a lot of
money do you think they're going to let
the news just say anything it wants of
course not why do you think
pharmaceutical companies are the main
news news uh advertisers is it as tuer
Carlson points out is it because they'll
sell more drugs
no they might but it's so they can
control the news so the news doesn't say
stop taking these dangerous drugs that's
why yeah so the news industry is is not
only obviously captured by both the
Democrats and corporate interests but it
only could have happened there wasn't
another alternative in every case the
Richer entity becomes in control of the
less Rich entity and there's no
exceptions to that in the long run we've
never seen one in the history of
humankind Whoever has the most money and
up regulating the people who were
supposed to regulate them period and so
the news couldn't possibly be
independent by this point in our
nation's history is way too long for
them to still be independent so you
should assume that they're either owned
by intelligence agencies or controlled
by them in the important ways
and um you should assume that none of
it's
real and that everybody has an interest
and the news is not even in the business
of informing you it's just not even
their business model all
right um I saw some companies are
scaling back on pride month because
there was a lot of blowback before and I
have to wonder how that business meeting
goes how do you think they described
that or talked about it privately before
they decided to quote scale back on
their
LGBT you know gay pride month stuff I
feel like it went like this
uh Bob we had a little blowback from the
uh going to Pro LGBT we're going to need
to pull it back a little
bit what do you mean how much well I I
think
9% uh we'd like you to act uh we' like
the stores to be 9% less
gay I'm not even sure how to do that
yeah just instead of being full gay just
9% less we're just going to pull back a
little bit see what happens
and
then then I think uh you know there'
probably be followup questions all right
uh I got a question boss uh what would
be some
examples of being 9% less gay so we
don't get all the blow back again and
the boss would say well um let's not
have uh our cashiers dressed in rainbow
colors and twerking with the customers
I'd be like no twerking that's way more
than 9% cutting back and then the bosses
say well you're right if we get rid of
all the twerking at the cashier stations
that's going to be way more than 9%
cutting back so here's what we're going
to
do no twerking but everybody's going to
have to wear one of those uh talking
bathing
suits just to show show you know that
we're protrans and it's was like um
boss yeah I don't want to wear a tucking
bathing suit that seems like that'd be
more than
9% you know going in the wrong direction
maybe yeah I just wonder how the
business meeting went that's all well
we're in fake poll season where the the
polls might be right sometimes but you
should assume that many of our polls are
faked for the purpose of making any uh
election irregularities look like
they're
real yes I mean that I do mean that no
matter how many polls say Trump is going
to be winning by 20 points in November
there will be polls that say that Biden
is up by one do you want to take that
betat does anyone anyone want to take
the bat that no matter what kind of a
giant lead that Trump might have in some
polls there will be other polls that say
Biden up one I guarantee it and they
will not be real
polls um axios says that when the first
polls conducted since the jury found
Trump guilty uh found a significant
minority of Republicans and independents
want him to drop out and a majority of
registered voters approve of the jury's
decision so that's a real poll right
there huh because because I'll bet I'll
bet a lot of you Trump
supporters you're running into people
every day who say h I was going to vote
for Trump but now that he's been found
Guilty by his
enemies I I can't vote for him anymore
do you believe let me ask have any of
you met one Republican who said I'm not
going to vote for him because of the law
fair trial just one anybody is there
even one of you who's ever met one
person who said this is going to make
them not vote for
Trump well apparently axios can find all
kinds of people who say that
no it's not a thing yeah it's not a
thing if if this poll came out and I'd
also heard of or met or talked to or I'd
seen a post something on social media
some Whisperers some hints some
suggestion that even one person had
changed their mind because of the trial
to vote against them anyway then I'd say
well could be maybe but I'm going to
declare this sounds like to me the
fakest of the fake
polls fakey fake speaking of fake uh
Biden says he's got a peace plan for
Gaza and Israel and Israel is backing it
uh there is dispute about whether Israel
is backing it um I think what really
happened is Israel said sure you can say
that go ahead which is a little
different from saying it's their
plan but here's the plan um let me give
you the details of Biden's plan for
peace uh we'll start by doing something
impractical then something stupid and
then something that'll never happen in a
million years followed by something that
nobody wants and then uh once all those
steps are done
peace peace in our
time here's what's really happening as
far as I can tell there is no way in
hell that Biden or his team thinks that
this peace proposal is going to go
anywhere there's no way in hell that
Israel is in favor of this even though
they said go ahead go ahead and propose
it because they will simply
stall until they get what they want
allow me to be Israel and play this out
for you right uh Joe Biden says he wants
to propose this peace thing where we're
going to do an immediate ceasefire and
then later we'll talk about getting our
hostages back and then then we'll return
Hamas to power in Gaza and then Yahoo
says what and then he repeats it and
Netanyahu says there isn't a chance in
the world that we're going to
consider any of that we're going to go
for total Victory there will be zero
Hamas left and what happens to Gaza will
be our decision
you because that's the
reality
but do you think he can say no well you
don't want to say no to the United
States you still need some weapons you
still want some Goodwill so instead what
do you do
You Gavin Nome him you Gavin Nome him
remember Gavin Newsome had to deal with
reparations so instead of saying yes or
no both of which would be bad he said
let's form a committee and study it
forever until I've got a different job
he basically is going to make them study
it until he has a different job now
that's that's some good weasel stuff
right there but obviously Israel is
doing the same thing it's going to look
like this all right Israel all you have
to do is ceas fire and Israel say got it
ceasefire we'll we'll get right on that
as soon as we clean out this last nest
of Hamas people well no we're we really
sort of the whole point of it was
immediate
ceasefire got it immediate cease fire
we'll get right on that as soon as we're
done with just this one
operation well really we'd like it
immediately I know but you know in the
real world you can wait for this one
operation and then they wait for the one
operation and they go you know what we
discovered when we did this
operation more
tunnels I thought we were pretty close
to being done I honestly did but it
looks like we found a few more tunnels
can you give me two more
weeks no there's no chance that Israel
is taking any of this seriously
they are going to destroy every
Hamas you know atom that they can find
and they're not going to stop till it's
done and they're not going to let
anybody tell them what's going to happen
in Gaza when it's done th those things
you should just take as a
given and I think there's also some
Adventure in the story about uh Nan yahu
will go to jail if he gets out of
office I think that's real right so
netanyahu's enemies have enough power
that they could put him in jail if they
rise to power so he has to keep his
job or else he goes to jail that's the
only system that's worse than ours uh
you've got to do whatever it takes to
keep it your job or else you're going to
go to jail huh well the best thing I
could do is start a war make it really
big because people don't like to get rid
of their leaders during a war so Israel
has created this situation where their
their leader has to be a war leader
because otherwise you'll go to
jail imagine if that was your your
system on paper just imagine you saw in
paper all right here's our system let me
uh let me draw this up for you got a
diagram here uh we got uh got these two
path you can uh start a war which we
don't like but that's the only way that
you can stay in a jail so you got your
two choices here you got your War
forever stay in power or or uh work out
peace and know you go directly to jail
for reasons that you might not even
think are
real that's their actual system jail or
War for their leader I mean it's
specific to this leader but that's
that's the situation they put themselves
in so now that's that peace plan's all
fake I saw that Trump raised $53 million
in 24 hours after the jury verdict came
out but I also saw a story that he
raised 35 million did he re did he did
he raise 35 million or 53 million well
I'm a little bit dyslexic so I'm going
to say no difference 53
35 two dyslexics like me it's the same
number so let's not dispute
that well here's how you know the
Democrats do not have anybody aren't um
advising them they have decided
collectively hilariously that calling
Trump a convicted felon is totally going
to make a
difference so let let let me take you
through what happened Democrats all
right if we can make this lawfare scheme
work we'll be able to call Trump an a
convicted felon and then there's no
chance he can get her he can get elected
ah convicted felon and then I turn on
MSNBC and they are so hilariously trying
to drop in convicted felon on Joy Reed
Show that it it it reads like a comedy
so they they'll be having any
conversation like uh what do you think
about the weather well the weather is
much better after convicted felon Trump
got convicted FR felony because the
convicted felon Trump convicted felon I
think they one guest said it maybe 12
times convicted felon and I just start
laughing because it's all they
have Democrats think that words are
reality you see it everywhere they
actually think the words are the reality
they can't they can't separate it so
they come up with this great
plan with the best of their thinkers to
call Trump a convicted
felon and it took uh Dan
Bonino uh I I think probably 3 to 5
Seconds to destroy it with one post
quote I'm voting for The
Outlaw and we're
done and we're done here's what Dan
banino
understands we want the
outlaw I'm sorry you did not make him
less valuable to us no you tried as soon
as you made him an
outlaw he raised 53 million or possibly
35 million if you're
dyslexic yeah now he powered
up I'm voting for The Outlaw too how
many of you want to vote for The Outlaw
anybody anybody up for that because the
thing that we know is that he's an
outlaw because of your system
do you know who else was an outlaw in
the American history let me name some
Outlaws Thomas
Jefferson George
Washington Benjamin
Franklin James
Monroe
Madison John
Hancock yeah every one of them was an
outlaw a
felon an
insurrectionist so here's the thing that
all Republicans seem to know is that
this outlaw label is just telling you
what we already know and what we
value who who's going to change anything
if they don't ruffle some FEA feathers
who who's going to make the change
that's big enough
James
Madison George
Washington Thomas
Jefferson
Monroe Ben
Franklin they're the ones who make the
big enough changes small changes no
thanks we've had small changes don't
like it at all no we need some big
changes we need an outlaw thank you very
much Nelson Mandela
convicted
felon and the fact that they don't seem
to understand
that is really evidence that they don't
have anybody good working for them at
this point all
right um let's see
uh that they actually believe that
convicted felon is going to work like a
magic
spell it it reminded me of Dorothy and
Oz
hey
Dorothy uh all you have to do to go home
is close your eyes and click your heels
and then you turn on
MSNBC and they believe that all they
need to get Biden elected is to repeat
the phrase convicted felon close your
eyes click your heels and say there's no
place like home
Dorothy close your eyes click your heels
and say convicted
felon Joy
Reed same same all
right uh Benny Johnson was uh talking
about the founders all being felons on
Charlie Kirk's show so credit where
credit is due um there's two worlds that
have been created with the her interview
you know the one that the Republicans
wanted to get the exact
transcript and uh Biden Administration
is saying you don't need the exact
transcript because the transcript that
you have is close enough and the
Republicans say really is it because
there might be some indication in that
transcript uh of the actual audio that
the transcript was edited to make him
seem less crazy
Biden um so now we've we've got a little
more information in which they've
described what kind of edits they made
and it was stuff like if he said a word
twice um they would just put it once so
for example if he said I uh I went to
the store they would just write down I
went to the store they would not write
down I uh I went to the store so that
that's a sort of example um and so after
those examples the prot Trump people
said There It Is they've admitted that
they edited it to make him look less
dementia white dementia
riddled and then the people who relased
and said what are you
reading are are you reading the same
thing we wrote what we wrote is that if
he stuttered we just wrote it down
once like how is that in any way telling
you that we hid his
dementia to which I say I'm going to
agree with
them now I'm not saying that if you
heard the actual audio you wouldn't be
more horrified what I am saying is they
didn't admit it
there's no confession the confession is
we didn't do it but it's being widely
reported I saw on social media they've
confessed they say they are doing it I
know I read it it looked like they
weren't confessing to
me anyway um Trump says we're a failing
Nation he says I'm a political prisoner
this is not a truth I'm a political
prisoner of a failing Nation but I will
soon be free make America great again
um and I also saw uh comic Dave Smith he
was talking about uh the us being a late
State Empire then I've also heard of the
is it the fourth turning so there a
whole bunch of beliefs on the right that
the US is in
a um
predictable staged decline similar to
other civilizations and other exles in
the
past and I would like to
suggest that that is a case of assuming
history repeats which is one of the
biggest errors of
analysis now I'm not saying that we're
not in decline because things go up and
things go down and sure I'm saying that
you can't predict it based on the
past so even though history repeats and
some say cleverly no you mean history
rhymes history is not your guide for the
future because we can't even analyze the
present if we don't even know if climate
change is real I mean we don't agree on
it we're we're certainly not going to
agree why history is
real that the one thing I'm sure of is
that all of our history is fake in the
first place all of our history is fake
so if you're looking at history and say
history repeats I say which part the
real part or the they told you
which part's going to repeat you if you
can tell me does the fake stuff repeat
or does the real stuff that you were
never taught repeat you don't even know
that right so no history doesn't
repeat and as soon as you think it does
you're lost I can't even have a
conversation with you right every
situation is different and one of the
reason that history doesn't
repeat is if you've seen that history
you say oh we don't want to do that so
we'll make sure that doesn't happen
again the the rarest thing would be for
history to repeat it can't everything's
different by the time a new thing comes
along so are we a late State Empire are
we in the fourth turning are we a
failing
Nation that's sort of what Americans
like to say about America all the time
and always
have I I remember when I was young this
was exactly the conversation when when
the hippies were protesting Vietnam oh
it's the end of
America uh all of the hardw working
Christian family oriented things they're
all gone now it's the end of the country
well not really we did fine after that
so the first thing you have to keep in
mind is that we always talk about
ourselves this way so I I suppose that's
something that's repeatable but it has
more to less to do with history and more
to do with the fact that Americans like
to talk about themselves as being
doomed even when we're not yeah when I
was a kid I was sure nukes were going to
kill me and you know and the ozone hole
was going to kill me and everything was
going to kill
me this is in that
context which doesn't mean it's not true
I'm just saying that you can't tell it's
true there there's no evidence that I
would consider reliable and you know
confirm confirmatory
you know by itself
anyway so here's what I think here's the
better way to look at it uh we are a
nation of
inventors and importantly we are a
nation of
Destroyers and those two things work
real well together but they make it hard
to predict where things are going
because Americans don't necessarily like
to StraightLine things as in you know
the way we used to do this is the way
we'll do it next year we like to
destroy just rip it out by the roots
start over and I think we're about ready
to do that now with AI and robots and
self-driving cars and probably nuclear
power and all kinds of stuff so there is
a uh a wave of invention coming to the
United States and the United States is
more equipped to handle change and
invention and destruction of the old
things to build the new thing than any
other country on Earth all these
gigantic changes are coming to
everybody but only
America
uniquely we can handle
it so if I were going to predict I would
say wait every single country is going
to have tremendous technological
disruption and unless they have an Elon
mosque they're unless they have a
Sam
mman they're
but guess what we have Sam mman we have
Elon Musk we've got a Silicon
Valley we've got Naval yeah we've got
you know Bal BAGI we've got you know
we've
got we have
exactly exactly the right human beings
to handle the biggest change of
technology in
humankind and just put a saddle on that
 and I think that's that's what's
going to
happen yeah sure you can think of the
change like a wild animal that's coming
at you but we can saddle wild animals
better than anybody's ever saddled a
wild animal it's just I think it's in
it's baked into our
DNA we are problem solvers so no you
can't predict and uh it's not unusual
that we talk about ourselves as failing
because that's one of the ways we
succeed it seems relentlessly negative
but it's also so connected to our
building impulse when we talk about
things are it's because we want to
build like so it's not as negative as it
could be maybe some other country when
Americans say something's trash they've
already got two designs in their head to
improve it right we're Builders we will
build our way out of this we will invent
our way out like we always
do you ever hear the phrase no one's
Above the Law have you ever imagined you
know by saying about Trump no one's
Above the Law then everybody's got to
repeat that on the left no one's Above
the Law have you ever heard anybody say
that when it was generally assumed that
the law had been applied
fairly the only context where anybody
ever says nobody's Above the Law is when
the legal system screwed somebody why
else would he even bring it
up so uh let's say you heard that a drug
deal got convicted do you ever say well
no one's Above the
Law no how about when uh um who was that
famous pyramid scheme guy went to
jail did anybody say well no one's Above
the Law I didn't hear it they just said
is there evidence he was guilty yes did
the court do something about it yes
that's the
story who's talking about somebody being
a the
law has anybody ever been Above the
Law no there are simply court cases and
then things happen but I'll tell you
what does happen all the time people
treated like they're below the
law I I can think of zero cases where
somebody was above the law except for
the sitting
president and we actually allow that to
some extent because we don't want our
president to get pecked to death by
little legal challenges
so Biden
is operating very much like he's above
the
law but what about his son Hunter is
Hunter Above the Law I don't know well
the clintons yeah so there are certainly
some examples of the clintons being
above the law but here's the thing the
reason they didn't get charged had
nothing to do with anybody being Above
the
Law it was simply they had the
power so when somebody says that uh no
one's Above the Law it's usually an
indication that they use lawfare to uh
to attack them so the person you should
treat you should trust the least is
someone who says there no one is above
the law that is such a tell for um Putin
like Behavior you don't think Putin said
that do you think Putin's ever put a
Critic in jail and said well I know you
don't like it but nobody's above the law
of course he has I'm sure he has I don't
know but I'm sure he said something like
that because that's what you say when
you're screwing somebody if you're not
screwing somebody and everybody's just
watching the process unfold in its
normal way you don't say this it doesn't
even occur to you it's only when you're
screwing somebody you say
it all right um also when the government
says something's going to be free check
your
wallet when does the government ever
tell you something's going to be
free when they're lying it's the only
time they say it there's no other time
to say it because nothing's ever
free um David saaks had this interesting
uh post he said the agenda of Soros da
is to re release repeat offenders
prosecute political opponents and he
term that anarch anarcho
tyranny and Elon Musk commented on that
and he said the Joker Playbook
so just like the Batman movie where the
Joker wanted uh chaos and
tyranny um the allegation is that Soros
is doing it but I've got a lot of
questions because this is a little too
here's a new term I'm going to start
using too
reductive I I heard somebody say that
the other day that's too reductive too
simplified there there there's something
more complicated going on that we don't
understand and I'll explain that to you
all right what does it tell you if Soros
is involved in inner Co tyranny what's
missing what's missing with that
analysis
is what
why why why would you do a thing like
that right so here the here are the
questions that don't make sense to me
number one why would George Soros want
Anarchy tyranny
now you're going to say it's because
he's crazy to which I say but Democrats
agree with his policies and his son who
doesn't look crazy to me also agrees
with it so it's not because senior
George Soros is crazy because Right Down
the Line beneath them you can see a
whole bunch of people who are on the
same page so are they all crazy so crazy
doesn't explain it how about um Soros
has a way to benefit from it
like he's found a way to make
money Soros is giving his money
away I if he were if his main thing were
how to make money the first thing you do
is stop giving it away that's like rule
number one of wanting to have more Oney
more money is how about you stop
aggressively trying to give away 90% of
it which is what he's doing so what kind
of plan do you imagine somebody makes
money by giving 90% of it away now I get
they you know he may be colluding with
dark Forces to know what's going to
happen before it happens Etc but Soros
lives in the United States how does it
make sense he's trying to destroy his
own country and then live where if the
United States Falls where's the safe
country China he's not a China fan he's
not a Russia
fan right so none of it makes sense
lots of people on the same
side but they they too don't seem to be
able to express how they think this
works out doesn't make
sense uh about
uh um why is it that if we believe as
Republicans do that Soros is the cause
of all of our problems so we know he's
funded the Das and the uh prosecutors
and the AGS and the Das and we know he's
doing a bunch of things funding Nos and
opening the border and stuff so if we
think he's behind much of what's going
wrong isn't there something missing in
the news like really seriously seriously
missing here's what's missing our next
guest will be Alex Soros to explain why
what he's doing makes sense and we'll be
asking him some tough questions
where is that I've literally never seen
him interviewed by any anybody who had
real
questions I only see uh all I see is
pictures of top ranking Democrats
hugging him like literally just hugging
him all the time and and he posted that
uh you know they need to start calling
Trump a convicted felon and right after
he he posts that all the news starts
calling him a convicted felon
like they were just waiting for the word
of what word should we use and how do we
go about this oh and then Alex sorus
says this is what you do just call him
convicted felon over and over again he
said that directly he said call him a
convicted felon because repeating it
will you know make it sink in and just
keep repeating it
so nobody's going to ask him for an
interview we're all sitting here with
our thumbs up our asses
complaining about Soros and there's a
living Soros who's in charge of the
budget who's an
American who lives where we know he is I
mean he you could easily contact him
nobody wants him on TV shouldn't at
least Fox News say for the millionth
time in a row we've we've invited him on
but he said
no you've seen that happen before right
you've seen a hosts they'll make a big
deal about they invited somebody and he
keeps saying no
well just tell us you invited him and he
kept saying no where where is the
Republican Congress who is able to
basically call in anybody to testify
have they asked uh Alex Soros to come in
and explain why he's funding the NOS
that are destroying the
country haven't seen
it how do you explain that how do you
explain that Jim Jordan and the ones you
expect to be calling in people to find
out what's wrong I know heard of
it how how do you explain
this it it can't be true that he's
behind all of our problems and nobody
wants to talk to him in the news
business not the left or the right or if
or if he's saying no to to
interviews why isn't that being reported
we're trying to find out what he thinks
but he keeps saying
no you you see that there's something
the biggest part of the story is the
part that's missing
all the things we talk about are the
small parts of the story the big part is
what the going on and nobody's
asking the question except me apparently
I've never even heard anybody say what
I'm saying which is why aren't we
talking to him every day why isn't he on
one of the news shows every day if he's
this important so one of two things are
possible he's not that important and
he's not really destroying the country
or he has so much power that even the
Republicans are afraid of
him can you think of a third third
reason why he's not the top news story
every
day if immigration is the top news story
you're not talking to the person you
think is causing it or one of
them how does any of this make sense how
about you don't have a
hypothesis CU I don't have I usually I
have like the evil hypothesis it's like
well given what we see there must be
some conspiracy master plan but I don't
even see what that would be what I see
here is just something gigantic that's
just
missing and we act like we don't
notice why do we keep acting like we
don't notice he's not on TV every day
talking about why he's doing what he's
doing and yet we talk all day long about
the effects of his
actions and never talk to
him it's the biggest mystery in the news
I have no idea what what's behind that I
really
don't
anyway um here's what here's the best
thing I can imagine if I were to int the
Soros opinion is say you have to break
something before you can fix it in other
words maybe this is the most charitable
interpretation is that Soros knows he
needs to break our immigration system
before it turns into something that's a
Kinder gentler one for the world maybe
he needs to break the cities and the
break the justice system before we say
you know what maybe we should rethink
you know putting 30% of black people in
jail or what whatever the number is so
it could be that he is actually so smart
the senior Soros that he knows the one
and only way to make the world better is
you got to break what's here and you got
to break it hard and with no remorse and
that you'll go through a terrible time
fixing it but you have to get
there maybe you can't say that out loud
maybe that's the problem maybe it's a
belief I'm just speculating I have no
reason to think that's the thinking
but that's the best I could come up with
is that he's smarter than all of us and
he knows he needs to to break the
corrupt system before a better one can
be invented maybe but I'd like to hear
him say it that's just a
guess over in the MSNBC Al alternate
universe which I tortured myself in
watching because I just can't get enough
of watching the alternate
reality right here's some
examples
um well my first question is how does
MSNBC
explain the
right because it's easy to explain the
the crazy people on the right the people
who have been Republicans forever and
you know they're just in their biased
little cubicle and you know they're
religious and maybe that's different
than
MSNBC but how do they explain Elon
Musk do do the people on the left are
they unaware
that musk has a whole bunch of Common
Sense beliefs they don't they don't
exactly map to any uh political group
it's more like what works okay where's
the data what works what's good for
people and and that causes him to
disagree with the left quite
often but how in the world do you
explain him do they tell themselves that
despite his many
successes that he's actually not smart
how do they explain David
how do you explain that he used to be
your
guy but based on just obvious easy to
explain things he says I've changed my
mind how do you explain U Bill Maher
changing his mind at least a little bit
Charlamagne coming out and saying you
know neither side's looking too hot to
me right now uh how do they explain me
they had to smear me to explain me do
you realize that uh I'm inexplicable
unless you uh cancel me and disgrace me
and then people have permission not to
listen they go oh that's the racist
disgraced canceled guy so we don't have
to listen to what he says but otherwise
how would you explain
me because I'm genuinely not trying to
make one team win never have it's just
not in my
DNA um how do you explain so many black
voters moving to the
Republicans do they think the black
voters are not as smart is that the is
that what the left things because
they're acting like only smart people
are on the left so if you're moving from
the left to the right is that because
you're the dumb ones so the dumb ones
are going to move over to the right are
they are they saying that black voters
moving in Mass to Republicans are the
dumb ones is that their opinion because
to me they look like the smartest
ones because they're seeing the whole
field for the first time you know which
Trump allows you to do for the first
time all right uh Claire
mcll um said that all the Trump
supporters calling on red States Das to
criminally prosecut Democrats as you
know sort of Revenge uh don't realize
you can't do that unless there's a
crime really Claire mccal after we just
watched what happened to Trump you
believe that you believe that Democrats
are safe because they didn't commit any
crimes and you said that in in
public I don't even think other
Democrats think that that I think most
people are aware enough that if you take
anybody with a complicated life public
figure billionaire and you look for a
crime you will definitely find one and
it doesn't mean that those are bad
people it's just we have a complicated
world and you're you always have one toe
over some line if you're just trying to
walk down the street you know if you're
rich and complicated and you're a
politician Etc so now how in the world
is she living in a world where the
Democrats aren't doing any crimes so
therefore they're safe from
lawfare is that just
stupid or
lying can you even tell is that stupid
or lying or both it's just such an
alternate universe
how about this um you're an
insurrectionist and a traitor if you
question the fake elections and you
question the
laware so if you question the the
justice system after you just watched it
act in the most corrupt way we've ever
seen in the history of the United States
if you question the corruption that you
watched with your own eyes then you're
uh probably a dictator who hates
democracy what what
like that's not even something you could
make an argument for it's just pure
Ridiculousness their alternate world no
you we question things which are
obviously
corrupt and they act like that's well
there's nothing corrupt no Democrats
have broken any laws and certainly the
Department of Justice works just great
how did they explain that the Department
of Justice doesn't work for black
Americans doesn't work for low-income
people who can't afford a lawyer and yet
it's
clean it it's totally broken but also it
totally works so the Democrats would
have you believe both things it's
totally a good
system except you know when one of the
Democrats is in it and then it's totally
corrupted um they're also telling us and
this is just such a head head Shaker
Democrats are trying to tell us that the
the uh jury trial was fair because
juries get it right and they try really
hard and they're serious
people are you kidding me in what world
do juries get it right because they
tried
hard how do you explain why sequestering
juries is a
Thing If SE if juries could get the
right answer free of influence you
wouldn't have to sequester them because
they'd go and they'd talk to their
friends and family and then did and then
they'd say oh but I have you know I have
the facts so I'll just rule them the
facts no the reason that sequestering
even happens is because we don't trust
that the juries will get right answers
if they have access to more
information just think about that the
reason you sequester is to prevent them
from seeing additional information some
might be true and some might be false
but that's true the itself the trial
itself is I'm trying to figure out
what's true and what's false the rest of
the world is more information that they
also have to try to use their best
judgment to figure out if it's true or
false so you wouldn't need sequestering
unless juries could be influenced why do
you do jury
selection what's the point of doing jury
selection at all if all those juries can
get good answers and they're serious
well it's because if you don't pick the
right people you get the wrong jury
result well how is that a thing how
could it be that you have to pick the
right people to get the right result how
could it be that you have to pick the
right mix of uh race and
gender because they do they try really
hard to get a you know the race and
gender they think will go their way the
lawyers do um how do you explain that uh
people with more money do better how do
you explain that in the court system how
do you explain that uh Black Americans
have been unfairly treated for decades
if the system just looks at the facts
right so the fact the the fact that the
the left has suddenly decided that for
the first time ever juries get the right
answer without
bias are they really trying to convince
us that that's true because you know
they don't believe it are they lying or
they stupid or
both how about uh where they say Trump
must be guilty or something because of
all the indictments have they never
heard that you can indict a ham sandwich
and indictments don't mean anything in
terms of guilt do they not know that but
they act like the 91 indictments matters
do they not know that 91 indictments is
maybe three three alleged crimes do they
not know that 34 felony convictions
means he did one thing allegedly and by
the way probably wasn't illegal and by
the way we're not sure what he got
convicted for neither is
he so they went from you can indict a
ham sandwich to he must be guilty
because of 34 and yeah and 34
convictions um they also it's part of
the reason that they say they don't care
if if the trial was clean because he
must have been guilty of something how
many of you have heard this they
literally don't care if the trial was
rigged because they think well he's
guilty of something we're better off if
he gets stopped they're actually saying
that out loud I've heard people say that
out
loud and they're okay with that so they
love their justice system but they are
also willing to say out loud that even
if this was unfair well he did other
things what are those other things why
did they why did they choose to go after
the one thing that you know was the
weakest possible thing they could charge
him with when he had all these other
crimes and they've been looking at them
for
years crazy
but I don't think the MSNBC people will
ever hear that the conflicted
judge was chosen randomly that there's
so many things that Fox News says 10
times a day that they'll never hear on
MSNBC do you think anybody on msnpc has
ever said well you know they're supposed
to be chosen randomly the judges but yet
this one judge who donates to stop Trump
organization literally
this one judge got picked for three
Trump related trials in a row the same
guy now do you think they've ever heard
that I'll bet not I'll bet if you
stopped him in the street and said do
you know about this random picking of
judges and how it didn't happen this
time they would not even know that was
an issue not at
all
um
anyway do you think that MSNBC Watchers
uh know that the judge didn't allow an
expert on
uh on donating to a campaign do you
think they know that probably not do you
think they know that nobody heard what
the exact charges were until the closing
statement do you think do you think they
talk about that at Ms no the their users
have no idea do you think that the MSNBC
people are spending a lot of time
talking about how the jury instructions
were absurd and there's not a single
expert who thinks they're
reasonable no nope there they've never
heard that over there um do you think
that they've heard that uh Trump's
lawyers had to give up on objecting
because they objected so many times and
the judge overruled them so many times I
think somebody said you know eight and a
10 times that they realized that if they
kept objecting at the same rate for
legitimate stuff that the jury would
start getting mad at them because
because the jury wouldn't know that
their objections were legitimate they
would just see them get overruled and
overruled and it would make them look
less
credible do you think MSNBC ever heard
that no of course not they're they're
living a Little Dream
World well anyway in other news the
Menendez Trials happen
and now we think that there's some uh uh
more information about bribery and
something about uh sudden Monopoly that
developed over the certification of meat
exported to Egypt so we'll find out
what's going on there but do you think
uh a top Democrat will found be found
guilty here's what I don't know I don't
know where he's being
tried D youc is Menendez being tried
where the
uh where the juries are going to be so
pro-democrat that they're not even going
to listen to the evidence because that
might happen I don't know I think this
one is so cut and dried that he probably
will get
convicted um and why would he be
convicted in other words why would
Menendez get something like a reasonable
Fair trial but Trump would
not let me speculate nobody ever said
that Menendez was hit
the the reason that people are willing
to put up with what is obviously a
corrupt trial situation is they think
it's stopping Hitler and that would not
be immoral it would not be immoral to
corrupt your own justice
system just to stop
Hiller but whether that's a reality is a
separate
question
um why why is there no real debate about
ending the lobbying influence in
Congress and why do why does anybody
raise money to run for office here's a
change I would like to see I would like
to see it be illegal to raise money to
run for office I would like the
government to say if you can get X
number of uh people to sign a petition
we will include you on a website and you
can get all the attention you want it'll
say what you can do what you can't you
can put all your videos there you know
show yourself as much as you want but
you can't raise
money what we will do is we'll try to
talk about everybody's ideas and some
people will just sort of naturally rise
in the polls because they'll have better
ideas but the fact that we don't have a
conversation about ending all funding
for
elections is a pretty clear indication
that the system is corrupt and that both
both sides are gaming the corruption
so if all the political experts get paid
from all the fundraising much of which
goes to the political consultants and
experts those consultants and experts
are going to say oh the last thing you
ever want to do is stop this because
they're getting
paid so it should be
illegal to raise money and pay
consultants if you can't if you can't do
it on your own we should hire uh Axel
Rod like why do we even consider Joe
Biden as a candidate when Axel Rod would
be advising
him why I just hire Axel Rod if you're a
Democrat I like to use him as an example
because I think he's sayane and he's
doing the best he can in a crazy
situation
um and grock still hasn't summarized
them all
right um
and ladies and
gentlemen do we have a uh a mechanism by
which this crazy country that looks like
it's failing can be
rescued yes we do yes we do we are
finally all on the same page about the
need for nuclear power I saw lucky
prommer talking about it yesterday and
now the AI is going to push you know the
need for electricity we're going to
probably solve our power issues
and within a
generation if we can if we could be the
first country to get to near zero cost
this is lucky Palmer's take if the
United States can go balls to the wall
on nuclear and very quickly get up to
speed so as he says it the the cost of
power is so low you can't even meter it
it's like well why don't you just pay me
like a monthly yeah just give me give me
$20 a month because it's so cheap to
make it we don't even know how much
you're using and we don't care just 20
bucks a month we won't even monitor your
usage it's so
cheap um if we got to that point we
could
manufacture competitively against
China so if you've got robots and you've
got uh unlimited almost free Power
there's nothing that China can do that
we can't do here
cheaper so that's
huge and we know it
and we also kind of know how to get
there you know there there have been
some big changes in the Biden
Administration and I think this has more
to do with the Department of energy
being on the ball but the government
does seem to be making changes that make
it easier for nuclear to become the
reality it needs to be so if we fix
energy that fixes just so many things
that reduces your inflation it like
every product that depends on any kind
of Transportation energy from steel to
anything uh will go way down so really
you could argue that
inflation is a measure of energy being
too
expensive it's not directly all that's
happening but if you took energy costs
down to zero what would be your
inflation
tomorrow prices would be down yeah if
you if you un bols the wall on nuclear
your inflation goes away
so you probably need a leader who is not
afraid to take a risk when it makes
sense I'm not sure that leader is Biden
we we might need a trump-like person who
says look there's no way you're going to
get insurance for these big projects but
it's also necessary that we have a ton
of nuclear power plants real soon so
here's the deal the government will uh
indemnify from you know some big
mistake uh and we we'd rather go fast
and make some mistakes even in even in
meltdown because we know how to control
meltdowns pretty well now you you you
could limit a meltdown in today's world
um so you might need somebody like a
trump who finally says the only way we
beat our biggest problem which is the
national debt competing with other
countries having jobs is build robots
like crazy build AI like crazy and even
crazier um change your rules and make it
easier to make nuclear right away so
there actually is a path so what would
that look like would that look like the
late stage United States you know would
it look like we're a failing country are
we
Rome not with that stuff looming here's
what Rome didn't have ai robots
Trump uh the biggest military in the
world geog graic Excellence we have just
the best geography uh all the resources
in the world you know nobody on our
border who looks like they want to
attack we
have
everything we just have to be smarter
about using it and in November there's
nonzero chance that Trump will be your
president and you'd have the best chance
of you know taking a a serious swing as
some of the big problems the really big
ones the problem is that the people who
beg money from the current
situation uh are not going to love him
being president so they're going to try
pretty hard to stop it all right
um let me summarize
that I'd like uh to give you four words
which I borrowed this
morning that will give you some hope
would you like a inspirational thought
would anybody like to end the program on
an
inspirational thought
here it
goes It's always darkest before the
dawn thank you ladies and gentlemen for
joining on the YouTube and Rumble and
xplatform
and um I'm going to stall a little bit
because I know there's a little delay
here make sure that everybody knows I'm
not leaving you too
fast and uh
I'm going to stick around with the
locals people say a few more words but
remember it's always darkest before the
dawn all right locals people stay with
me
see here we
go all right everybody else bye for
now
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e