put on pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom um
come in here everybody come on gather
round because it's time it's time again
for the highlight of your day so far
anyway it features a little thing I call
coffee and a little thing I call the
simultaneous imp and you know it's
common
oh it's coming and it's the best sip of
the day get your day starting off right
here it comes
yep
that's some good simultaneous sipping in
response to somebody's comment I just
saw going by this is a v-neck t-shirt
v-neck t-shirts still ok the v-neck
sweater means your wife dressed you big
difference ok so the news is getting fun
again have you noticed that there are
cycles there there are some cycles where
the news is no fun and then it's fun
again for a while and then it's no fun
for a while we're in a we're in a fun
stage let's first talk about stormy
Daniels stormy Daniels has announced
apparently that she is getting divorced
the accusation from her ex among other
things is that she cheated on him now
I've been wondering how Michael effing
Eddie gets paid seems like a lawyer like
him would be very expensive seems like
he's doing a lot of work for his client
putting in a lot of hours and I don't
know how she could possibly afford that
much lawyering and now it's making me
wonder if he is working
Pro Boehner for you know what I mean
let's drink to that
I'm just gonna let that wouldn't sit
there for a while yes I said Pro Boehner
all right let's move on I'm noticing
that the the anti-trump errs are are
using the word the the word gaslighting
a lot and gaslighting if you don't know
the exact definition I think it refers
to a movie maybe a Hitchcock movie but
the idea is that you you tell lies and
then you convince people that they're
crazy if they don't believe it and so
the real goal is to drive people crazy
so it's not just that you're telling a
lot of lies it's that you're telling a
lot of lies
with the intention of making somebody
else think they're crazy because the
things they see as truth they start
believing on our lives and I'm thinking
to myself gaslighting would make sense
as an explanation or at least a
potential explanation if the only if the
only source of untruth was Trump or at
least one side but in a world where
absolutely everybody is lying what does
it mean to say one of them is trying to
sell you a story of reality that isn't
exactly right yeah the whole gas
lighting thing only works if everybody
isn't doing it all right
it literally everyone is is is dealing
in untruth or shading the truth or
ignoring important parts and focusing on
that important parts if everyone is
involved in this it's hard to pick out
any one person say well that one that
one's doing a little gas lighting these
other people are just wrong
or maybe you think they're right so I've
noticed something in the last maybe week
or so I don't want to see if you could
look for this and I can't tell if this
is the sign of a change maybe a trend or
not but I have seen CNN be more fair
toward president Trump has anybody
noticed that have you seen more fairness
about Trump just in the last week or so
because I the story of Chris Cuomo who I
thought did a very credible job of
explaining both sides of a situation you
don't really see that that often it was
it was unusual enough that I called the
doubts like hey that was actually an
accurate description of what the people
on the other side are saying and there
are at least two anecdotes recently of
Jake Tapper also being completely in my
opinion objective about something going
right for Trump so he tweeted for
example the article about the satellite
satellites they showed one of the
missiles the missile place is being
decommissioned or dismantled in North
Korea now other people have said hey you
have to look at it in context the site
might not have been that important and
maybe that's true but it's still ISM you
know a rocket-launching test site and it
is being dismantled and Jake retweeted
it without any negative comment just as
a positive that's happening for the
president and then there was a clip I
just saw where Jake Tapper opened up a
segment he had some guests and he opened
it up by saying that it's actually true
that President Trump is tougher on
Russia than Obama was and his guests
actually laughed out loud
or at least one of them did about how
crazy that is I guess I can't read minds
but it it looked like there was some
doubt in that laughter and I thought to
myself well that is also objectively
true because you can point to the
specific things that are happening now
of the sanctions and the giving weapons
to the Ukraine that just wasn't
happening before so Jake being a
historian by training and probably by
inclination wasn't ready to apparently
had no interest in shading the history
of it and so he gave a completely
objective take on that which actually
stood out so much that somebody
retweeted it so look for that there
might be some kind of a shift going on
or it could be a coincidence I don't
know but we'll see if there's more of
that now I know the thing you want me to
talk about the most is the Cohen tape
have you all heard the Michael Cohen
tape now I think this tape should seal
your belief that we live in a simulation
what are the odds the in the same half
of a year that we all dealt with Laurel
and Yanni that we would have a tape that
you can hear whatever you want to hear
on it I've listened to that thing a
bunch of times my take on the tape is
that you can't tell anything really my
best guess is you know my take on it is
that Trump did did say something about
cash but he said it in an attitude that
would suggest it was a bad idea and that
Cohen agreed by saying no no no as in
agreeing with Trump their cash was a
idea now I haven't heard anybody's give
that interpretation before everybody see
exactly what they want to say so it's
sort of this big Rorschach test now what
I tell you that my interpretation of
that tape is accurate I would not I
would not I certainly know enough to
know that I could hear this completely
wrong and then just to make it more
interesting it gets clipped off so you
can't hear the full context and they're
mumbled parts so it is everything you
would want in an ambiguous tape you can
literally hear anything you want on that
tape
it's either proving something bad
happened or not now frankly I'm not
entirely sure why the cash part mattered
I think the question that was that
everybody was wondering is was the
president aware of Michael Cohen's
actions because he said he wasn't to
which I say duh
let me reiterate for those of you who
were born yesterday if you're an elected
official and you get accused of cheating
on your wife denying everything is a
pretty good strategy so I don't think
there's anybody on either side who is in
has any mystery whatsoever about exactly
what happened here a what happened is
exactly it looks like what was accused
and you you just saw somebody handling
it the way somebody would normally
handle a situation so there's there's
not a lot there because it's exactly
what it looks like and nobody cares
right it can be exactly what it looks
like and still not matter and I think
that's that's where we're up we're at
now here's an interesting thing
so everybody's still talking about the
the FISA warrant for a Carter page
and the big question is was the the
dossier the only reason it was granted
or was it the dossier just mentioned as
context and there were other things that
were more verified there were also there
that made the dossier not necessary for
the warrant it was just kind of
background maybe a little little color
and so you're hearing both of those
sides being argued and people are very
sure one way or the other and you're
you're seeing other you know Laurel and
the only thing that's funny somebody
said you're Laurel and yannis and then
you've got Lobby Davis and Lobby is a
combination of Laurel and Yami and so
lobby is the lawyer who's arguing this
what are the odds of that that is weird
anyway back to the the FISA warrant so
somebody asked me on Twitter they said
can you name anything that's in the the
FISA warrant that did not come from the
dossier the simplest most basic question
right
the most basic thing that we should know
by now all of us watching this story is
what were the what was the evidence and
the FISA warrant that you can say did
not come from the dossier and I looked
at that tweet and I said um I pretty
sure there were things but why do I know
them so look how look at the news
industry both sides have completely
failed you do you know something that
was in there oh let me put it another
way if the story on the right let's say
the Pro choppers if their story is there
is nothing in there except the dossier
information why don't they say that
because that would be the whole story
there's absolutely nothing else there
except the dossier and therefore its
illegitimate but they don't say that do
they the the people who were arguing
that the the dossier was you know fake
and shouldn't have been in there and and
all that they don't they don't exactly
say that only the dossier was used they
say something like well it was
instrumental it was key it was it was
critical to it it wouldn't have happened
without it that's different isn't it so
I'm pretty sure the right is misleading
me now I saw an article by Molly
Hemingway who you're all familiar with
Molly Hemingway one of the better really
very best voices in politics right now I
think she's an attorney by training
lawyer but when she breaks something
down it's always the clearest
explanation of things and I started
reading the article and it got long and
complicated and and I bailed out after a
while but even in that and maybe it was
in the article that like I said I kind
of bailed out because I I just didn't
have the patience to deal with the
detail but shouldn't there been
something in the title or the headline
if it were true they said I'm going to
show you there's nothing but the dossier
and everything else is just stuff that
came from the dossier was that in there
I don't know because if that was the
point of it it would have been sort of
in the title or the first chapter or
something or the first paragraph so why
is it that the most basic thing the
public needs to know we're not hearing
from either the left or the right why is
that because you know the news the news
should be lighting up
does anybody know that having a few days
of going by can you think can anybody
give one example of something that
wasn't in the dossier that
that was part of the argument can
anybody do that right now because if you
can't well you know if you if you're
counting on the redacted part all right
really I mean is that is that the
argument that the real information is in
the redacted part I mean it might be but
lay that I'm not seeing
Carter page being a paid Kremlin adviser
that's not in there
well lay this so how many of you had an
opinion about the FISA warrant and I
don't see anybody suggesting anything
that was in there except the dossier and
I assume I'm wrong about that by the way
so just just to be completely clear
I believe I'm wrong that there's nothing
but the dossier in there but both sides
seem to be suggesting there is more than
the dossier Ivor I read Andrew McCarthy
so here's so I read Andrew McCarthy's
piece and I still don't have an answer
if it's in there
it's sort of woven into a longer
narrative and I couldn't pull it out
does Andrew McCarthy say in clear
language there there is zero evidence
except for what's in the dossier does he
say that I don't think he says that does
he yeah why don't we know what those
other pieces are somebody's saying
exactly so I make that my challenge to
you see if you can figure out what the
what the anti-trump errs believe is in
there that they would call evidence that
is not from the dossier and it's not
good enough to say that some some things
in the dossier might be true that's not
the question the question is is there
anything that didn't come from the
dossier
all right now I'm just looking at your
comments so we've entered a completely
fact free world which I believe I warned
you two years ago was coming yeah is
there any prediction I've made that was
more accurate than that you know some of
you have been with me since the
beginning and you remember that I said
it's actually the subtitle of my book
when Bigley persuasion in a world where
facts don't matter there was a time when
people were saying hey we got the facts
right but the other side has them wrong
and in that world facts still matter but
doesn't it look like doesn't it look to
you like nobody's using facts anymore
and we're both looking listening to this
tape and hearing completely different
things if anybody has a fact out of that
it's probably imaginary everybody's
looking at the Russia's situation and
has a different interpretation but none
of the interpretations are based on fact
you know Muller might have some facts
but we don't know what they are so we
are in a completely fact free world in
which well let me segue from that
because it makes sense as the next topic
I'm seeing a lot of pundits wringing
their hands and crying on TV
figuratively speaking that the president
is criticizing our our trusted
institutions and in particular he's
criticizing the press and the thought is
that he's criticizing the press and the
press is an important element of our you
know democratic republic and that if he
degrades the press it will be bad for
the world do you know what's wrong with
that it takes as an assumption that the
US is doing its job legitimately don't
you have to before you can say it's
wrong to criticize them don't you have
to start with the assumption that
there's nothing to criticize or at least
nothing of substance and I watch all the
people who are saying now you can't
criticize the press that's bad you know
he might degrade the institution of the
press to the point where even after he's
left office and never recovers and I
think to myself there's a big assumption
in that and the assumption is that
there's nothing wrong with the press and
then it does not deserve the criticism
it's getting and yet that is the most
obvious truth that we can see it's very
clear that both sides are engaged and
nothing like truth you know it's it's
all spin it's all opinion now wrapped in
speculation what you know I've given you
this assignment before but watch CNN and
watch how many times they make an appeal
to mind-reading and it's subtle and
it'll be things like blah blah blah and
President Trump believes that if he does
this and doesn't matter what follows
because if you're talking about a
stranger's internal process you really
don't know that you can only know what
he's doing sometimes you can Intuit
motives if they're really obvious but
most of the time we can't right because
it's a complicated world and people do
things for more than one reason so if
you have more than one explanation for a
thing you know really now you know how
much of the reason is which yeah
so I've said two things today I think
they're both true which is that the
press has been completely non credible
and so the president's accusations of
fake news are completely on point and I
would argue that
the president's criticism of the press
is a hundred percent constructive now
that doesn't mean and far from it it
definitely doesn't mean that everything
he calls fake news is actually unreal
that's slightly different point but the
general sense that the news is a
narrative as opposed to reporting he's
completely right about that that's
clearly clear and obvious on both sides
of the the aisle so when he criticizes
the news that feels constructive to me
because you know it might be part of the
reason that CNN is suffering in the in
the ratings and it might be part of what
to bring some back they might they might
make a pivot away from from the
narrative and toward the factual it's
possible
did I ever talk about James Gunn well
I'll just I'll just say that I didn't
realize that he had gone after me on
Twitter at some point in the past and I
had completely missed it somebody
pointed it out he had some insulting
tweet about me and so I say block that
Nazi so my only comment about James Gunn
is that he's a Nazi because he acts like
one the other accusations have at it you
know you can you can speculate all you
walked about what's in his his soul and
whether his whether his tweets were over
the line I put that all under the Nazi
category so Nazi for sure I saw
I saw a clip of some folks in Auckland
beating up what they called the not-see
now maybe it was anot see I didn't know
who it was but far more likely it was
just somebody wearing a red hat and I
thought to myself wait a minute I'm
pretty sure that Nazis of the crowd that
are beating up the people for for their
opinions so the were we're in what I'd
call the the Nazi transition where the
you know then the Nazis are or clearly
on the Left at least as much as on the
right probably a lot more probably ten
to one at this point you know and I'm
defining a Nazi as someone who's going
after people personally as opposed to
someone who disagrees on policy the
policy people are fine the Nazis are the
ones who go after you personally in in
any kind of way
so probably 10 to 1 Nazis on the left at
the moment that will change over time
alright let's see I think I've covered
my topics for today
is there anything else
oh let me talk about Alexandra Cortez
I'm never gonna know her name
can somebody tell me why her name is
again Alexandria or Alexandra Cortez a
CL
let's call her a CEO so I've watched
Acacio Cortez thank you so I've watched