[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams it is
quite controversial today if you'd like
to take your experience up to levels
that nobody can even understand unless
they have a web telescope or something
like that all you need is a CER muger a
glass a tanker chal Ain a canteen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
the dopamine h of the day the thing that
makes everything better is called the
simultaneous siping happens now
go oh that's that's a good sip
that's I hate to say every day that it's
better than usual but every day is
better than
average yeah chew on that for a
while
well uh the xplatform is going to start
labeling AI generated images how does it
know how how does I do you think X will
automatically know an AI generated image
because it might be a way to
know but I suppose if they find them
manually they can label them but that's
good news I have however stopped
believing any
image and even
video have you done that yet
I I've still fallen for a few so I can't
say that I'm pure I've fallen for a few
hoaxes just recently you videos that
weren't real pictures that weren't real
but I but I'm I think I'm doing better
at telling myself this might not be real
this could be AI it's it's a real it's a
skill really you have to just train
yourself to just assume that because you
see it and hear it it doesn't mean
anything doesn't mean anything anything
just because you saw it and heard it
with your own ears and your own eyes
well one of our big telescopes got us a
picture of
Uranus and here it is it's a it's a
picture of
Uranus now I haven't seen this
since I sat on a photocopier back in the
80s um and took a picture of Uranus well
my anus but um it looked exactly like
that is what I'm
saying probably because of all the
bleaching
anyway um here's the good news um here's
just an update I told you this already
but I did a little uh unscientific poll
on a and they asked people how many how
many people had quit or cut down on
alcohol because they heard from me or
somebody else that alcohol is
poison and so far it's up to about 20,00
th000
people
what so over 40 over 40,000 people
answered the poll but uh 40% of them or
so said they cut down or completely
eliminated alcohol
recently because they heard alcohol is
poison you know little reframe that I've
been using
and I I'm kind of I'm kind of Blown Away
quitters somebody's calling him quitter
uh I'm kind of Blown Away about by the
impact that social media can have in a
positive way you know we always talk
about all the bad stuff social media is
doing but this looks like a fairly
concrete example of where 20,000 people
improved their lives and their health
because of something on the Internet
that's pretty awesome well it was also
in my book a couple of books actually um
reframe your brain if you want to learn
how to reframe the other parts of your
life I recommend my new book reframe
your
brain available on Amazon all right and
other
places um there's a study that shows uh
ultra high processed foods we'll get to
the political stuff I like I like to
start with the pallet cleansers because
you know you can't take too much serious
political news all at once yeah I like
you I like to tip down into it a little
bit get you a little bit wet so to speak
anyway there's a study says ultra high
press foods are associated with lower
muscle growth so you'll you'll have
fewer muscles if you're eating a lot of
processed foods which could explain a
lot couldn't
it how much do you think of everything
that's going on politically and
economically and otherwise how much of
you think is because of our
ideas like our our intellectual
curiosity and our are genuine
differences in opinions how much is that
and how much is a chemical
shift that's happening because of the
food and God knows what else the social
media the medicines who knows but isn't
there something missing from the story
suppose it's true and we can't trust
every you know I don't trust too many of
the nutrition studies but suppose it's
true I mean it seems like it would be
right Ultra Pro ESS Foods you can't grow
muscle as well as if you ate protein
seems obvious but wouldn't there also be
a corresponding drop in
testosterone now that's a question but I
think it's a good question if you
studied people who had more
muscles for any reason either because
they exercised more or they ate better
wouldn't they have more testosterone the
boys is that does that track more
muscles pretty much always me means more
testosterone and aren't we seeing a
gigantic drop in testosterone in modern
males and isn't the pro the percentage
of processed foods in our diet has it
not risen every year since we started
seeing the decline in testosterone it's
probably that wouldn't you say it's
almost certainly the
food I mean it might be
pollution a little bit too
but I feel like the food is the most
direct thing that's happening to your
body every day
so what what how is it that we decide
what is an
emergency this might be the biggest
emergency in the history of the Republic
that our food sources are tainted to the
point where it's changing our
personalities and our ability to
succeed it probably changed in the
entire family structure because I would
imagine that testosterone
is uh you know gives you a certain set
of outcomes socially and if you change
that level you probably get different
outcomes such as more trans more
binary um I'm wondering if if social
media
isn't as much to blame for the growth in
trans and non-binary stuff as maybe the
food
supply makes you wonder because I I'm
going to go out on a limb again and say
that I think something drastically
happened with the food supply around the
time of the
pandemic and it's just observational
it's not based on any study something
changed and I wonder if something large
changed such as there was a shortage you
know maybe there was a substitution of
some pesticides I'm just guessing was
there a substitution of any additive or
chemical or preservative was there
anything that was in in shortage that
got replaced and maybe wasn't as tested
as carefully because we didn't want to
limit this food
supply yeah I just
wonder so uh The Daily Show continues to
be funny um even when they're mocking
people I like uh which is the ultimate
test if if you could have a good laugh
at at your own team getting mocked
that's a pretty good product you know a
humor product that makes you laugh at
your own
behavior and your own
preferences that's good and I think the
da show is hitting
that um
however uh he uh I think John Stewart
may not have full access to the real
world of news because since he was last
doing this
job I think he may have missed the
degree to which the news is
siloed because it wasn't always like
this
so it could be that he doesn't know he's
missing a part of the
story I think he might just genuinely
not know uh because I don't think he
wants to do that intentionally so for
example um John sewer was mocking uh
Tucker Carlson's reporting from Moscow
because standing in you know some
grocery stores in Moscow or showing
their subway system isn't really
indicative of the rest of Moscow or the
rest of Russia we all knew that right
you you knew that Moscow wasn't telling
you anything about the rest the rest of
the country and we also knew that in
order to have these good things that M
that Russia has at least in one place uh
and maybe two places St Petersburg I
hear is pretty awesome but what you give
up is that you have to live in a
repressive
regime now is that a good
point does did Tucker sort of leave out
that in order to have these good things
that Russia allegedly has at least in
two cities um that you have to put up
with a repressive
regime well I think I think you don't
have to leave it out or put it in
because I thought it was obvious I
thought everybody knew what Russia is
everybody knows what Putin is you don't
have to say it every time he's mentioned
do you is is that necessary we're kind
of all on the same page here um but uh
it was fun you know I think it was fun
and fair to see Tucker get mocked for
maybe not mentioning that the rest of
the Russia wasn't looking so good and
that there's some repressive regime
stuff
however um John Stewart sites as this
example that there were hundreds of
navali supporters who arrested hundreds
of Naval supporters who arrested what
did he leave
out yeah so
so John Stewart is correct in mocking
Tucker for leaving out that you have to
put up with suppression and the rest of
Russia maybe doesn't look so good as
Moscow but then he left out that the
noal supporters who were rounded up were
mostly let out the same day with a small
fine that was about it whereas uh 1300
over 1300 January 6 people have been
arrested under the Biden regime that's
way
worse how how in the world could you
compare hundreds of people arrested and
fined and
released with 1300 people arrested and
put in jail for purely political reasons
one of them is much
worse and I think that's somewhat
pointedly left out now I would imagine
that John Stewart believes the news that
says that the January 6 people broke a
bunch of laws and they were trying to do
an insurrection so that's completely
different do you think he really
believes
that do you think somebody as smart as
John Stewart believes that an
Insurrection happened on January 6th I'm
going to say
no I I I feel
like I think he can be I think he can be
saved but we'll see he he clearly
doesn't have that filter working but
that doesn't mean it couldn't work in
the
future how in the world would he not
notice that their government has been
weaponized at the very time that the
Trump um prosecutions are are just
obviously government weaponized against
one person well against the party really
how do you not notice
that it's the most obvious thing in the
news it's the top headline that
something super super unfair
happened all right Elizabeth Warren was
on some podcast and she was asked by the
host uh uh essentially why do you why do
you think people still miss the Trump
economy like what what is it that they
think that they liked about the Trump
economy and he acted confused he like
why you know and he did to to his credit
the podcaster said you know you can't
count the pandemic because that happened
everywhere but before the pandemic
people thought Trump was doing okay
what's up with
that and Elizabeth Warren
uh her her body language went just full
crazy it went yeah I I just don't know
and she tried to explain it this way
that she doesn't know how narratives get
formed
really really you don't understand how
narratives get formed and you're a
senator it's literally all you
do that's her whole job forming
narratives and then she formed formed a
narrative for us to show us how it's
done while telling us she doesn't know
how narratives are formed no it's people
like her saying saying stuff that's how
it's done and uh she has a good example
of liar eyes you her eyes go wide when
she's telling you what she when she said
that she doesn't know know how
narratives are formed her eyes got big
well I I don't even know how narratives
get
formed well once you see the wide-eyed
liar face thing you'll see it everywhere
it just makes you laugh when you see it
because you look for it it makes it fun
makes it more fun to watch the Liars
when you look for the eyes to go wide
and the mouth not to
match um and then then she speculated
that the real problem was that maybe the
poll questions were poorly
formed right the the reason that people
thought they had more money wasn't
because prices are legitimately higher
and every single person can notice it
because it's the most obvious thing in
your entire experience the prices are
higher she thinks it might be a poorly
foreign poll question and there's also
some mystery about how narratives get
formed now combine those two ridiculous
answers with with the body
language I don't know how I I don't know
how I I don't even know how I I don't
even know how narratives get formed I I
think it was some kind of a probably
some kind of a poll I don't know I don't
know maybe they asked the question
wrong yeah you have to see the video to
to know that my mocking impression of
her is right
on anyway the news is all funny when you
can see the gears of the
machine oh I had this realization uh in
the last hour that uh the
2024 uh election has come down to the
election Di diers versus the erection
deniers let me say it again because I
wanted to sink in a little bit the
entire 2024 contest is the election
deniers versus the erection
deniers that's not bad come on that's
pretty good yeah so not only do the
Democrats uh not mind that people born
with
uh penises are competing on women's
teams uh the trans but they would deny
their erections as being important to it
and then of course if you've seen uh
many of the
protesters um you might have started
with an erection but once you looked at
them totally denied
denied uh when I was looking at the uh
the New York City the New York City
Police Department dance troop uh all
female um I felt like my erection was
denied because I was all ready to be
excited by them but nope erection
denied so that's what you got going for
you all right um
so talking about the news is awkward
when you are the news because I was
trending most of this morning am I still
trending on X somebody take a look am I
still trending I was trending all
morning uh and it's funny here here's
who I was trending with Nate
silver I was trending with the Widow of
nalia and Kevin oir who's saying some of
the same things I was
saying and me now you know why n nay Sil
and Kevin o were in the news because nay
Sil was saying uh Biden should probably
bow
out unless he's able to campaign like a
normal
person
and you know that's sort of a big deal
because nobody thinks he's a
Republican and of course you know why
ofal news W widows in the news I guess
she got banned on X but then reinstated
I don't know what that was about and
then Kevin oir made a lot of news by
saying that investors should stay away
from New York
City now why was I in the
news does anybody know oh still there
does anybody know why I was in the news
if you look if you click on me to see
what news I'm making it's mostly my own
posts because my own posts go to the the
top because I get a little traffic um
but I was targeted by the professional
class of
trolls and uh now that we've heard the
whole uh Mike Ben's explanation of how
censorship works you you can see the
trolls as part of the censorship ship um
process so the way it works if you're
not familiar with this and we learned
this in 2016 but they're back the
Democrats do in fact organize trolls so
that um they will attack individuals
like me and it's done to reduce your
reduce your reputation basically or to
discourage you from using the platform
because it's so
unpleasant it doesn't work as well with
me because I like the attention
I think the whole point of it is I'm
supposed to feel bad you know because
they say terrible things about me and
they insult me we'll talk about that but
I'm such a narcissist that I wake up and
I go hey I'm trending on X it's going to
be a good
day there there were two HIIT pieces
about me today today alone they were
just I was in the news in two other ways
and I kept thinking huh nice
so it's not working quite the way they
hoped uh and of course I'm monetizing it
so so I'm I'm trying to get them spun up
as much as I can because uh if they
engage in the comments uh then I get
more money so want to get them
going um but here's how it works the
organized trolls apparently have a have
me on a
list so uh X allows you to create lists
and there's one with about three
trolls on it who just follow each other
and then when I guess the word goes out
and then they all attack at the same
time so it's organized for sure it's not
accidental and they all and they all
have a certain theme and it goes like
this they usually do not attack the
content of any of my opinions they don't
go after content they usually somewhat
obviously misinterpret something so they
can go after me personally for a
reputation thing or you know you're dumb
or you're conceited or something like
that so in this case when I had posted
that um I was going to cancel any plans
to go to New York City because of New
York City's Bad Business environment as
proven by the Trump
prosecutions um how did you interpret
that now how did normal people interpret
it when I said I was going to no longer
do any business with New York
City I'm guessing they you interpreted
it the right
way I'm guessing that you said well
obviously he knows that his his one
activities will not crash the city did
anybody think that I
believed the posting I wasn't going to
go to New York City does anybody think
that I believed that would really take
down New York City that that that was my
plan to remove my my own expenses from
New York City take down the city well
that's what the trolls are believing now
they don't actually believe that of
course but but they came in with their
mocking oh oh I guess that trip he
wasn't really going to go on is is
cancelled now or oh I guess I guess the
the Dilbert convention is canceled in
New York
City now in order to even mock me that
way they have to pretend that they're
they're not understanding that I was
just showing support I'm just one of the
people right
that if there's a trucker today and I
guess this is part of the story too if
there's a trucker that decides not to
take a load to New York City is it
because the trucker believes that his
one truck will destroy New York City and
if he tweets I'm not going to pick up a
load for New York City is it because he
thinks this will take down the city or
is it just what people do they show
their support for different things and
they do hope that other people maybe
could be influenced by it
now what what part of that is
insane now here's the other thing you
need to know it's probably not because
of that opinion that's not why they come
after me they come after me either
opportunistically which is anytime
they've got a good reason to do it but
importantly they don't come after me
when I make a good point on let's say an
important topic when I do that they
ignore that one because they don't want
to give it attention so they want to
bring the energy only to my my one post
that they can act like they're mocking
it for some good reason the the silliest
one there there was nothing less
important that I did yesterday than say
that I wasn't going to do business with
New York City there's nothing less
important everything else I tweeted
about was a more consequential political
thing so they always go after you
personally it looks like they have a
personality map for each person they
attack in addition to some kind of a uh
heat map to know who to attack now in my
case they've decided that the thing that
will work the best on me is to say that
I'm unimportant and already
cancelled um or that nobody cares and
nobody pays
attention so while they were telling me
that nobody cares about what my opinion
is they sent such an army of people to
say they don't care what my opinion is
that I was trending on X which made
everybody care about my opinion because
when it's trending on X you get
curious so if I could get more TR action
going this is really good for my income
and my exposure so
chaing all right um somebody named David
thoron um criticized me for saying now
and I love this you'll notice this with
a lot of my criticisms and maybe you've
already noticed when people criticize my
posts on X they don't say what's wrong
with it they just show it and then they
act like everybody
knows so one of the ones that I got
mocked for is David thoron I don't know
who he is but he wrote a big article and
he included me in it um because it's the
political season so you want to throw
everybody in there you you can trash and
I tweeted that uh I didn't think pu
Putin was any more evil than uh John
Brennan or Biden and the CIA you know
collectively The Blob now he posted that
and commented it like like is obviously
crazy no I'm going to double down on
that no there's no indication that I can
see that Putin is more evil than the
United States you know the folks that
are in
power I don't see it now you're going to
say to me but Scott do you not know the
brutal terrible things that Putin did I
know every one of them I didn't miss any
I didn't miss
any am I saying that Putin is a good guy
no no I'm not saying that Putin is a
good guy nothing like that I'm not even
close to that I'm saying he's evil as
clearly as I can I'm just saying these
other people are in the same category as
far as I can tell what you think our CIA
never killed anybody you think our
president never ordered to hit on
anybody of course they did
of course they did so uh and I guess
there's some other article about me in
Newsweek so when it comes to New York
City I say keep on not
trucking apparently there's some Nicki
Haley announcement today has that
happened yet has anybody seen any Nikki
Hy announcement or
speech some are speculating that b she's
23 points down in the South Carolina um
upcoming race with that that's is that
today is South Carolina
today yes so it would be the obvious day
that she bows out if she doesn't win uh
however I would like to offer this other
possibility just to scare you what is
the real reason that uh Nikki heli is
running what's the real
reason is it to win or is it to is it to
win or to get rid of
trump if it's to
win it didn't really looked like that
was going to happen unless Trump was in
jail if it's to Simply prevent Trump
from getting an
office what would happen if she ran
third
party because the No Labels group
doesn't have a
candidate and they're looking for one
wouldn't that cost Trump the
election because there would be
Republicans who would say
well uh I'll you I'll use Nikki Hy as my
protest
vote you know since it's there I'll just
use her as my protest vote because I
want to vote I don't want to not
vote do you think there's any chance
that that's the play to move her to a
third party because that would ender her
in politics she'd be done in politics if
she ran third party wouldn't she I think
that would finish her unless she tried
to re-register as a Democrat
someday I don't know I'm not going to
predict that will happen but the fact
that it's an opportunity that would
definitely get rid of trump let's say
somebody wanted to get out of politics
and become a CEO of a major um defense
contractor suppose that's what you
wanted to do because that's where the
big money is and you just had to do one
thing to get that and the only thing you
have to do is run as a third party so
Trump doesn't get elected you don't have
to win just have to run and then uh two
years later you're the CEO of a major
defense contractor see that's what I
worry about and again I'm not accusing
her of that I'm not I'm not saying
that's the plan I'm not predicting it
I'm just saying that's the stuff you got
to worry
about because it's sort of laying there
right in front of you as an obvious play
they might not do it but it's laying
right there is just a super obvious play
we'll
see
um rasmuson is saying that the uh Trump
is six points over Biden in a in an
election if it's just oneon-one
and but that's not as good as it was in
December where Trump led by 10 points in
the same poll
so do you expect that whoever is running
the polls will be tied in
November like they always
are yeah I don't know if it'll be tied
but they'll tighten
so I don't think
I don't think people take polls
seriously until they go to
vote because I think in this in this
phase they're actually they're picking
among imaginary choices they don't have
to concentrate on real choices so the
imaginary
choice is you know that uh Biden is
healthy and functional and and all that
but I think when you get right there
people are going to just line up by
party like they always do and it won't
matter if Biden is he could have one
foot in the grave like he does now it
wouldn't matter they'll just vote for
the party in the end well there's a new
story that Bob Menendez the famous Bob
Menendez who is a senator who had some
gold bars that allegedly were bribes
apparently there's a old girlfriend
mistress who said that when she was
seeing him back in uh 2007 15 years ago
before the FBI found out about his gold
bars that he had uh giant piles of cash
that he would show off showing
her so apparently the allegation would
be that gold bar Bob has been a massive
Thief taking bribes for at least 15
years and so brazenly that he showed it
to his girlfriend the big piles of cash
and now he's got gold bars and money
sewed into his suits and stuff now let
me ask
you do you think that his co-workers
were not fully aware of
this does it mean they're all doing it
or that there are enough of them doing
it that they could cover this up or they
didn't want a single amount I mean I
think the real story here is that
there's no way there's no way the
Democrats were unaware that he was doing
this how could they possibly be unaware
of
this yeah so it makes me wonder wonder
how many members of the Senate are just
brazenly taking gigantic
Kickbacks he's not the only one I'd love
to know the names of the
others well there's a story that uh
genz uh that uh 93% of them say they
flaked out on an interview meaning that
they had one scheduled and they just
didn't
go uh not only that uh
87 87% of
genz who made it through interviews and
got the job and signed the
contract um didn't show
up 87% have done that at least once get
a job and not show
up have you ever done that did you ever
get a job and not show
up I have
I did my f my first adult job uh I'll
tell you
why and I'm going to give you some the
best career advice you'll ever get all
right here's my story uh I graduated
college and traded my old car for a
one-way ticket to
California and flew out and uh slept in
a sleeping bag on my brother's
couch and got a job at a big Bank you I
just went I just walked in and
interviewed and they offered me a
low-level entrylevel
job and I
accepted because I didn't have any
money and if I didn't get a paycheck in
two weeks I wasn't sure how I was going
to eat you know we probably more than
two weeks but not much more so I took
that job because I didn't know if I'd
ever get another one I'd never applied
for jobs as an adult and I thought I
don't know how rare this is maybe I'll
never get another job offer
so before I was to report to work the
next week um I was asked by an ex-girl
friend to fly up and see her in San
Francisco which I did and in San
Francisco I looked around and it looked
like a nicer Place less there was less
smog it just seemed like a you know
fewer I don't know fewer bad things just
more good things fewer bad things and so
my ex-girlfriend at the time said you
know you should live in San Francisco
don't live where you got that job so I
said hm um all right so I said the only
way I could do this is if I apply for a
job on Monday because I was only going
to be there one more day and I get a job
the same day I apply for it that's the
only way I can stay so I stood in line
at a bank Crocker Bank it was in San
Francisco I just stood in line and I got
up to the teller line and said I like a
job here
and the teller said just a moment got
the boss the boss hired me
immediately because they they didn't get
too many people who had my
qualifications you know had a good
college degree in economics so there are
too many there are not too many people
with a ba in economics who apply for a
job as a teller you know a teller in a
bank so they immediately hired
me and
I quit my first job before I showed up
now here's the lesson I would like to
give all of you you don't owe anything
to your
employer and you definitely don't owe
anything to an employer that you've
never worked a single day for do you
think either of those employers would
have had any trouble firing me if
something changed between the the
Thursday they hired me and the Monday I
was supposed to report to work if
something had material changed in their
situation you think they wouldn't have
fired me of course they would that's
that's the rules those are the rules if
you play by the same rules that the
employers play by there's no shame in
that no shame in that at all I'm seeing
somebody say horrible
advice yeah here's the advice more
specifically you should definitely do
what you commit to do in fact that's
some advice I gave you yesterday you
should definitely commit to do what you
said you would do as a general rule
that's one of your best rules in life
however when you commit to work for a
corporation you're accepting the full
set of the full set of that so
committing to work is accepting the
model not just the job that's important
you're accepting the model of a free
market decision that model gives you
complete freedom to quit anytime you
want for any reason you want no
exceptions all right now that's the
model that that they were in the
employer was in the model I can fire you
for anything anytime I want I accepted
their model and then I use the model as
it exists that's very different than
when you have a relationship with
somebody or you want one and you're
going to do something for an
individual when you when you say you're
going to do something for an individual
you better do it even if it hurts even
if it's hard even if you don't want to
if it's for a person a human being you
should you should crawl over HW holes to
do it even if you change your
mind if it's for an
entity that's part of a game that's
called the free market within capitalism
and you're playing by the same rules
they are you get to use all the rules
you don't have to you don't have to
leave some of the rules behind I don't
recommend breaking the law and I don't
recommend doing anything unethical this
was not unethical because it's within
the known rules and it's the way they
would have treated you all right so be
good to people but corporations don't
get the same
consideration all right um let's see
what else is going on
here oh I I'd like to show you how the
photo editor is usually the person who's
in charge of the story so uh if you're
not familiar with how this works a
journalist will write a story and a
publication will say yes we like that
then the editor will add usually the
title so this is important to know the
title in Publications is almost always
the editor not the
writer so don't blame the writer when
the title is is not matching the story
the writer didn't do
that but the photo editor also has
Independence so if I write a story and
it gets accepted by a publication they
might add a picture to it but I don't
know what it's going to be and maybe
even the editor doesn't notice I'm not
even sure the editor gets involved they
probably do but I don't know so here's
here's a picture that uh appeared in the
hill and it doesn't even matter what the
story is doesn't matter what the story
is I'm just going to show you the
picture they what did they pick for
Trump's picture and what did they pick
for Hillary's
picture okay so just look at the think
about the photo editor who could have
chosen any any picture
for Trump and any picture for Hillary
here's the ones they picked Trump looks
like this uh calm
executive and Hillary they gave her the
idiot
picture Trump looking calm Hillary
looking
like now do you think that's an accident
no it's not no no whoever picked the
photos knew exactly what they were doing
at least on a subconscious level you
know they knew that one look good and
one look
bad um let me tell you how they did it
to me they meaning the media so I think
I've told the story before but it's a
good one many years ago uh I was a
subject of the Playboy
interview uh back when that was a
prestigious thing if they chose you to
be in the Playboy interview you know it
was like Jimmy Carter was in it a lot of
famous people were in it so it was a
sort of a big deal but here's what you
don't know um if if you've ever the
Playboy interview at the bottom of the
first page they'll have a series of
photos of the interview subject in
different poses uh and it looks like
they were photographed while they were
in the interview talking except what you
don't know is that the photographer
comes on a different day than the uh
interviewer so the interviewer talks to
you talks to you and you're done then
another day the photo photographer comes
and the photographer says can you act
like you were having a
conversation so I I go what do you mean
he goes you know use your your hands and
just just go like this so I go through a
bunch of scenarios where I'm just
pretending to talk so I'm literally not
even saying anything I'm just
going you know I'm exaggerating a little
bit because you know I'm get giving them
lots of choices well unfortunately one
of the things one of my poses and I'm
going to try to duplicate it look
roughly like
this
now what photo do you think they always
pick when they want me to look like an
idiot they pick the idiot photo and the
funny part is it wasn't even a real
photo it it didn't happen in real life I
was actually pretending to talk and and
and they just quot the weirdest the
weirdest angle of it you've probably
seen the photo I bet you've actually
seen it it's so ubiquitous and there are
lots to choose from they don't have to
choose that so learn to spot the when
the photo editor has an opinion of his
or her
own there's a new study out rocking the
internet uh saying that the covid shots
uh do in fact have health implications
and my God were people taking a Victory
lap oh the victory laps yeah the that
people were saying I told you I told you
those shots have health implications uh
it was a range of things including
myocarditis and people said hey hey who
didn't know that huh we all knew that
it's about time the science caught up so
now we have proof it's a very large
study uh people say it's credible and it
absolutely shows that the shots were
associated with negative some negative
Health
implications how many of you believe
that really
happened do you think that
happened no that didn't
happen it it's widely reported and it's
all over social
media but it didn't actually
happen do you know what did
happen there was a study about the shots
and about the health outcomes and it did
in fact find that there were negative
outcomes associated with the shot does
that sound like the first thing I
said was there any difference between
the first way I said it and the second
way I said it
is there anything
missing anything missing from the store
ohy there it is on the locals somebody
found the picture of me um doing doing
that you know but none of those are the
PO I think what happened was the
photographer had extra photos and they
put them in like a a photo Bank where
anybody can use them I think they get
some money if they do so oh there it is
yeah there's somebody found my douchebag
photo yeah
[Laughter]
anyway so here's what happened with that
study there was a study it did show
there were there were uh very clearly
there were bad Health implications that
are associated with the shot and so is
that pro-shot or
anti-shock does that does that prove
that the antiv vaccination people were
right is that what you're hearing what's
missing what's missing from the
story no control group thank you very
much
yes did you see anywhere in the story
that said that the people who got the
shot had worse outcomes and the people
who didn't get the
shot
nope you did not now I I'm not saying
that the shot was good for you I don't
know all I know is that all the studies
are
ridiculous all the studies are
ridiculous they're none of them are
credible or believable or even by their
design they look like they're not even
even decide to be believable so no uh
but this like most things divided the
world into two movies this will be used
Forever by the people who were sure the
vaccinations were more bad than good as
proof that it's more bad than good
although the study has nothing to say on
that issue it actually doesn't even
compare it to getting covid without a
shot it's not even a
comparison and people like me will say
well they told us from the very
beginning that the vaccination would
have side effects is there anybody who
didn't know
that I I thought I thought we were all
informed from day one that some people
would have negative effects because they
always do it's the nature of
vaccinations or shots if you want to
call it that all right so so so some of
you let me poll you here in the comments
are were some of you completely unaware
that all shots have negative
consequences for some people
there somebody who didn't know
that interesting I thought I thought
that was just common knowledge now you
know that's true of every every medicine
right there's probably no important
medicine that's ever been improved that
didn't have negative impacts for
somebody that's the most basic
understanding of medicine you could ever
have yeah exactly the reason the Vees
database exists is that the most common
thing in the world is that somebody has
bad outc comes from
everything yeah anyway um let's talk
about Trump in New York state and his
gazillion brazillion dollar judgment and
turly points out that because New York
has this uh weird rule where you can't
appeal until you've paid the the
fine is it called a fine or a fine ding
maybe or
judgment so if you don't pay the
Judgment you you can't even appeal it so
given the the interest and all that at
the very least it will cost um Trump
many millions of dollars even if he wins
the
appeal it will cost him many millions of
dollars plus maybe the entire company
will go under you know could be bad uh I
don't think so
but and so I look at this situation and
here's the things we know we know the
judge made a ruling that no reasonable
person thinks is reasonable would you
agree no reasonable person who
understands the banks routinely do this
now the Democrats are pretending that
they don't know it's normal to
exaggerate your assets and that the bank
doesn't care
really so if you if you insist that you
don't know that's normal business then
it looks normal I guess but everybody
else who actually understands anything
works in the real world and knows that
as Kevin o points out every
developer would be in jail every
developer exaggerates the value of the
properties as normal business practice
always and then the bank says okay we'll
ignore you and we'll check ourselves and
then they do
business so I would say it's obvious to
any informed Observer who's not being
super political that the judge did
something that doesn't even look like an
attempt to be fair or reasonable it
looks like no attempt was made for
anything but
punishment especially when you believe
that the punishment happens before the
appeal the punishment happens before the
appeal I mean so and then you add that
the uh da campaigned on getting Trump
and then looked into some way to get him
after being
elected and then we hear that the
prosecutors May may have had something
to do with the Biden Administration and
maybe there was some coordination and
maybe Soros is behind putting them all
in and maybe he's coordinating with the
White House to me this is just a
crime what I see is a coordinated Rico
like Enterprise in which people
literally coordinated to take out a um
political person and to me the judge the
da and whoever coordinated it in the
white house should be in
jail is that
unreasonable I I feel like I'm saying
something that's not even
controversial that they should all be in
jail because what because based on the
reporting they've all obviously
committed a crime it's an obvious
crime could it could it be more
obvious I mean I'm a little confused is
is obvious that the da targeted him
first and then look for a crime it's
obvious that they coordinated it's
obvious that the other Das are
coordinating it's obvious that Soros is
funding them all it's obvious that Soros
you know Alexander at least is real
tight with you know the Democrat
leadership that would coordinate all
these dirty tricks and it's obvious that
the judge didn't do anything that a real
judge should have done it's all obvious
it's a gigantic Rico crime and do you
know why nothing will
happen because these the same people who
have all the
control if you're in control you can do
this now let me ask again do you think
that uh Biden given that he would be the
top of the snake in this situation and
our system are they worse than
Putin no it's a tie they're both a 10
and a 10 this is as evil as you could
possibly get they're destroying a man in
slow motion just to keep him man of the
race so yes I think uh I'd like to see
Trump win uh by a big enough number to
get past the obvious cheating this
coming and I say it's obvious because if
they can do this whole Rico thing right
in front of you then obviously they can
rig the election right in front of you
is that fair it if this is if there if
the da the judge and whoever coordinated
at the White House have not already been
arrested then they can do
anything there's no limit that this is
proof that there's no limit they can
literally do anything because if you
control the
prosecutors what are you going to do and
apparently they control them in the uh
areas that it
matters how ridiculous are things well
70% of New York voters say Biden is not
fit to uh serve another
term and here's the good news and the
bad news the bad news is we might have a
president that 3/4 of the or 86%
depending on the poll believe is too old
to do the
job on the positive side it's pretty
obvious that the president is not
important to the
process
right if the if the president were
really important to the process of
running the country we'd know it and
it's obviously he not
so the best thing I like about this is
not that the president is not part of
the process or important to it but that
it's obvious now it's obvious that
whoever is in charge is clearly not
Biden now he might be in charge of
saying whether he's running again he
might actually be too stubborn to say no
to that even if people are pushing him
but probably everything else
geopolitically I don't think he's in
charge and I think it's pretty obvious
you know because the even the bad guys
wouldn't run somebody who's so declined
in in capability they wouldn't run him
if they wanted just you know somebody to
back him they would still want somebody
capable to back him and they'd want
somebody who would win
so yeah I I think they're having a a
massive problem just getting Biden to
cooperate at the moment and it's
probably because of his own legal
problems but I'm always
speculating all right uh Nate silver is
pointing out the as I said the absurdity
that if if Biden can't even run a normal
campaign that's a little too much to ask
that you should vote for him and I think
that's fair and by the way why is why is
that
trending why is it trending that Nate
silver said that if you're too feeble to
campaign or to give a speech on the
Super Bowl that maybe you should not run
for office why is that trending
just hold this in your mind it's
trending because he's not a Republican
and he said something that was both true
and obviously
true and that caused so much trouble
that he said something that's not just
true is really obviously true to
everybody and you're not allowed to say
that
so can can you imagine that anybody
would Trend because they pointed out
that uh let's say uh you need rainfall
to grow
crops nobody trends for that how about
if you stay in the sun too long without
sunscreen you'll get a
sunburn nobody ever trends for saying
that you only Trend if you are I don't
know if he's a Democrat he could be
independent but he's not a
republican you only Trend if you're not
a Republican and you say something
that's both obvious and true to
everybody
now now just hold that in your mind the
absurdity that trending means saying
something that's true and
obvious this is the same reason I
trended this the same reason I got
cancelled because I said something true
and
obvious makes a lot of trouble all
right uh Joe Rogan saying that he thinks
a nome's in waiting and you know the
part is going to slot him in there uh
before the elections
how many of you agree with that
prediction that it's obvious that Nome
is already selected well they're
signaling it as strongly as they can
like I don't think they could signal
that any harder but it might also be
more opportunistic than a defined done
deal I don't think it's a done
deal because I don't think Biden's
agreed to
leave I I think it's definitely the
backup plan so I feel confident in
saying that some our people and maybe
most of them in the Democrat Party would
feel more comfortable with Gavin Nome
running but uh I really think that Biden
is just holding out and that that's the
whole problem they're having which is
hilarious yeah
um I'm seeing the comments prompting me
that an W's running another Victory lap
do you remember when she went on uh Bill
Mah in
2015 or so and said that Trump would win
and everybody mocked her and it became
like this viral thing of her being
mocked and then more recently a few days
ago she went on and said uh we do know
something about the shooter in Kansas
City because they didn't say the race so
we know we know it's not
white well when it was confirmed that it
was in fact a black Shooters suspected
um she did another Victory lap of being
mocked for something that was both true
uh this case the first first prediction
wasn't so obvious but this one was both
obvious and then it was
true and why and why did Anne couter
Trend did she did she Trend because she
said something crazy nope she said
something she said something was both
obvious and true and everybody got
really
mad because it was both obvious and
true all right so
Assange uh was too unwell to make his
own extradition hearing today in Great
Britain and I don't know if that means
that he'll be extradited or not but I'll
remind you that he was
not uh pardoned under Trump or
Biden so there's something that prevents
Republican an from freeing him and
there's something that prevents
Democrats what do you suppose that is
the CIA saying you better not do it so I
don't know the real story of Assange I
believe that there's a story below the
story that we don't know about would you
agree there's a story below the
story and here's my best guess I think
the CIA wants to make sure that if
anybody gives up their secrets they die
I think that's the whole
story I I think that it doesn't matter
if he if he was like a journalist or
wasn't a journalist I don't think it
matters if he was from another country
or not I don't think it matters if he
was you accused of some sex crimes that
were
withdrawn um I don't think it matters I
don't think it matters if it helped the
country no don't think it matters if it
hurt the country I don't think it
matters if it caused some people to get
Ked
killed I think what matters is the C CIA
can't have a situation where you can you
can oun them with secret information and
live so I'm not even sure it's
about a Sange I feel like it's entirely
about making sure that nobody else does
this so I think he's just the uh
sacrificial goat to the CIA just a guess
because I can't understand why Trump was
so quiet on this he just sort of ignored
it and he was definitely being asked and
he just ignored it the only thing I can
think of is that he was afraid of the
cia's you
know
stuff all right uh David saaks is having
a ongoing discussion with the
pro-ukrainian funding group and he's
anti-f funding and thinks we should wrap
up that War uh I'm very close to if not
identical to his
opinion and here's what that debate has
turned
into some people say that
Iraq everything you need to know can be
learned from Hitler and that if you
appease Hitler like Chamberlain Neville
Chamberlain you are just inviting him to
uh attack more countries and it's never
go to a peas you should go as hard as
you could as soon as there's any
attacking of other countries so that
would be the Hitler model of that act
but we also have competing with it the
Iraq model the somebody told you you
should go to war uh our media Amplified
it we believed our government we
believed the media we went to war and
then later we found out giant mistake no
weapons of mass
destruction now both of those live in
our Consciousness as the models that
Define us uh Sachs
has um
seems closer to the Iraq model and he's
mentioned it a few times as in if you
don't know you should go there you know
you're probably being lied to and it's
probably a waste of
money and his critics are pushing the
Hitler model that he's an appeaser and
Putin will just take over Poland if he
finds that it's easy to do
this so let me give you my take on
this uh first of all Hitler ruins
everything Hitler just ruins
everything and and to quote nor
McDonald the more I hear about that guy
the less I like
him yep the more I hear about Hiller the
less I like him uh that's a nor McDonald
joke but here's the
thing history doesn't always follow
Hitler you all know that
right Hitler doesn't predict everything
in fact um could you give me a fact
check I can't think of another famous
example in modern history let's say the
last 100 years in which appeasement LED
immediately to you being
invaded are there other examples of that
where somebody just pointedly did a a
peace deal and then immediately no
outside of
Hitler what what are the other
examples uh
um
Gaddafi
Gaddafi Stalin but what's the
example yeah so I'm not so good with
history
um
Finland but Finland was
Hitler yeah see when I asked when I
asked for non- Hitler examples I get
more Hitler examples so so Hitler ruins
everything so Hitler is so much in our
Consciousness that we can't make
decisions if it's anything that would
violate the history of Hiller and that's
really
limiting but we also have the
[Music]
um we never did a peace deal with Paul
pot jagus Khan I'm I'm not sure any of
us are good with
history all right so we've got two
models which one is right uh let me tell
you how to do the analysis if you have
one model that's the Hitler model and
you don't know if it's predictive or not
and you've got another model that's the
Iraq model and you don't know if it's
predictive or not because history
doesn't
repeat do you would you like me to prove
that history doesn't
repeat because you have two models that
are conflicting one where one where
being aggressive made sense and one
where it didn't
so which one is the history that
repeats and the answer is neither
history can't
repeat because you're always starting
from a new place with new people a new
situation new variables there's no such
thing as history repeating you just
think it does because we're bad at
pattern recognition so if you picked a
pattern that happened to be consistent
with what actually happens you think
you're a genius well that's a pattern
I've seen that pattern before but other
people saw other patterns and those
didn't happen and it still didn't it
still didn't stop them from thinking
history repeats here's what history
really does history gives you infinite
different examples and then you can go
find the one that agrees with what you
think's going to
happen history is a confirmation bias
machine just like the internet if you do
your own
research uh let me predict what will
happen you get to find some research
that agrees with the opinion you already
had just like everybody else yeah
history is the worst way to decide what
to do because it's nothing but
misleading and confirmation bias and
talking yourself into something that
didn't make sense so if you have two
models one where funding makes sense and
the other where funding doesn't make
sense what should you
do you don't
fund this is if you think I'm giving you
an opinion about
Ukraine I'm
not all right I could give you that
separately I'm giving you an opinion
about how decisions are
made Sachs has the Craig
model so it's not about
Ukraine it's not about Russia it's not
about Hitler and it's not about Iraq
it's about how to make a decision the
way you make a decision is if you can't
possibly put odds on which way
something's going to go
you don't spend money on
it because they're both you know
potentially like existential
threats you know not doing it you know
continuing with the war could be an
existential
threat Making Peace could be an
existential threat depending on which
history you decide to pick to be your
confirmation bias so if you really can't
you just don't have any way to put any
odds on what's going to happen you don't
pay pay for it that's the most basic
decision-making rule you'll ever hear
and and by the way I'll bet a lot of you
have been in this situation I bet you
have where you didn't know what was true
and then you paid for it don't do that
if it's really a guess don't pay now
here would be an
exception Suppose there was some
situation where there was a 1% chance
you know it would be the end of the
world should you pay to get get rid of a
1% chance since the end of the world
maybe that might make a lot of sense for
example uh paying to avoid an asteroid
hitting the Earth or a
meteor you know maybe there's a 1%
chance it'll happen should we pay to
reduce it to zero if we
could maybe yes because that would be an
expected value calculation you'd say
well there's only 1% chance it ends the
Earth so you'd multiply 1% times if you
wanted do people times 8 billion people
if you want to do money you do it by all
the wealth of the earth that would
disappear and you say well 1% chance of
losing a krillion katrillion dollars is
still going to be a katrillion
dollars so if we spend less than a
katrillion dollars to make that risk
zero it looks like a good decision but
that doesn't work when the risk of
sending the meteor up is as incalculable
as the risk of a hitting uh the risk of
stopping the meteor if it's the same as
the risk or incalculable as the risk of
it hitting the Earth then you don't
spend the money because you cannot
determine that spending the money gives
you a better risk does that make
sense if you're looking at one risk yes
or
no then it does make sense to spend the
money to get rid of all the risk it
could or it could but if you have two
complete unknowns like which way to go
with a war that's a complete unknown you
really really can't predict that in that
case you never spend the
money unless there's some other variable
that's bigger now I realized that one of
the variables is we have to look like we
protect uh the people we say we're going
to
protect but again that's sort of a gray
area isn't it now certainly if somebody
attacks the country and they're an ally
giving them arms and some protection is
exactly the obvious thing you would
would do but Ukraine is a little
nonobvious what's the best play here if
if I'm going to do something that's best
for the Ukrainian people is that
continuing to give them weapons or is
that saying okay now we're done now
we're going to talk to Putin we're going
to end it here even if you don't like
how much land he gets because it just
needs to be
over so anyway
um yeah if we could if we could predict
exactly if you could predict you would
win every war the the reason that
mutually assured destruction works so
well is that you can predict
completely that any any one of us the
big country is releasing a nuke you
don't have to wonder if that's bad news
your country is not going to have a good
day if that happens right so that one's
easy don't nuke how about in this
situation nope how about in this
situation nope CU it's easy every time
you use one you're dead that's easy but
this Ukrainian one I would argue the
best the best friend we could be to the
Ukrainian people is to end the
war that's that's a powerful
argument sometimes being a friend means
tough love all right tough love in this
case is you just lost the war let's
let's deal with that
you just lost right so that's what
that's what being a friend looks like
sometimes sometimes being a friend is
telling you the thing you didn't want to
hear and so I think we have to be a
little bit cautious about what it means
to be a reliable Ally because I'm not so
sure we've been a reliable Ally to
Ukraine so
far so
far so tough love could be a better
thing than anything all right no belief
history and that ladies and gentlemen is
a conclusion of the best live stream
you're going to see today thanks for
joining on X and YouTube and the rumble
platform I'm coming to you from the
rumble Studio by the way so it allows me
to to seamlessly broadcast to all the
platforms it's pretty good isn't it let
me ask you this over on the other the
three platforms it's pretty good quality
isn't it good picture and it's seamless
um going to all three platforms I
haven't had a I think I had one day I
had to reboot it or something that was
about it so that's really good for a new
technology very impressed so good work
on the rumble studio if you're not using
the rumble Studio to do your podcasting
I don't know why you wouldn't there
doesn't seem to be a
downside um you don't need an engineer
because it's just a a browser page you
just go and click some things and you're
you're good to go so you don't need to
buy a third machine another machine you
don't have to buy new software uh just
go to the browser page and then you can
get you know as many extra platforms as
you want same amount of work no extra
work you just click a couple extra
buttons so the rumble Studio take a look
at it thanks for joining see you
tomorrow