good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and today
will be a show of shows it will be
better than anything you've ever seen
and could run a little bit long because
of the high quality of all the content
the news is really serving up some juicy
stuff today so make sure you stay for
that but first would you like to
participate in something we call the
simultaneous sip if you do all you need
is a PE mugger a glass a tankered Chell
aen Jugger flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopam me the
end of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go well which of the juicy stories do
you want to talk about
first
let's start with this one uh apparently
two Chinese Laboratories believe they
have created so-called room temperature
super conductivity I know I know stop it
stop it I know what you're going to say
it's all fake because it's always
debunked and as soon as you hear one of
these stories it's going to be debunked
but hasn't this one hasn't been debunked
yet it's brand new so there is something
different from the last time they had a
similar claim and the big difference is
it's allegedly been
duplicated so allegedly two Labs have
duplicated it so that didn't happen
before does that mean it's real probably
not if I had to place a bet probably not
but it might be kind of exciting I I
like to be excited for as long as it
takes until it gets
debunked
well uh I think Spain has decided to
follow the example of Germany and get
rid of their nuclear
plants so sell all your stock in Spain
and Germany because they've decided to
go out of business um I'd be surprised
if there're still really countries in
100 years they'll probably just get
absorbed by their neighbors it it seems
like you're planning to be out of
business if you're not doing nuclear
power but speaking of nuclear power
every time we talk about nuclear is bad
and you know there countries are
discontinuing it and how are we going to
stop climate
change there's one story We tend to
forget which is I'm not positive but it
looks like Rolls-Royce solved all of the
problems of nuclear
power are you aware of that so
Rolls-Royce um has other businesses
besides cars and one of the them is
they're making these small um modular
reactors
smrs so their model is they'll build you
a small nuclear power plant and all the
parts will be made in the factory so
instead of trying to build a oneoff
power plant that's you know designed
from scratch which could take 30 years
to get approved and you know up and
running the idea is to have these
Factory built small standard IED
components that once you get them
approved in a given country should be
fairly easy to just keep reproducing the
model and so they've got uh they already
have this this is existing technology so
they've got uh small reactors that will
power a million homes for 60 years so
one small reactor a million homes for 60
years now that's that is existing
stuff I feel like climate change is
solved is is there something wrong with
this technology that nobody's talking
about because if this
works just do more of
this that's it that that's the entire
climate
change uh energy it'll it would end
inflation it would basically end
inflation because it would reduce the
cost of energy so much over time
that our impossible to pay off debt
might actually be
possible the cost of things would go
down might raise some extra money and be
able to pay stuff off it's possible so I
think the only way out of our uh debt
problems uh V ramaswami is the only one
who has had any idea what to do with it
uh he says create more energy in this
company country get our GDP up with
energy because that's the the big one
you know energy is the thing you can
turn the the valve and really turn up
your GDP if you're America uh so do it
and that could help us pay off our debt
as
well uh here's some shocking statistics
about the percentage of kids without
fathers so this is from a end wokeness
um post which is a real good follow if
you're on the xplatform look for an
account called end
wokeness and it's got gold every single
day it's just good stuff anyway um and
wokness is tweeted that in 1940 96% of
all children in the US were born to a
mother and a
father today 40% of children are born to
a single mother
40% that's uh 60 64% Jesus Christ really
64% of black babies are born to a single
mother you sorry I didn't mean to uh
curse
there but I couldn't help it that is
that is just so
shocking 42% of Hispanic and 24% of
white are raised with a father present
and you know what this doesn't
include it doesn't include the the other
bad situation which is very common two
fathers
is anybody encountered that situation
where we've got the uh natural father
who's still in the life of the children
but then there's a stepdad so you have
two
fathers not always twice as
good not always twice as
good sometimes it's its own set of
problems depends on the individuals
actually so it can be its own problem
but it could be better as well um I
would like to once again say say the
obvious that nobody wants to deal with
yes the best situation would be two
happy parents raising their children in
a in a household with two parents we all
pretty much agree with that but at what
point are you going to realize it's just
not going to happen and at what point do
you say okay we need an
emergency second kind of a model so kids
can be raised without the horror of the
current
situation I mean every day that we say
uh let me close my eyes and say I'm
going to solve the problem by everybody
living in a household where you have a
happy marriage and everybody stays
married okay can we just stop doing that
that's basically the the
conservative uh opinion is well if you
just find some God you know get a little
God and turn into a republican this
would all be solved
because then marriage would start
working no marriage doesn't work because
the economics are bad the the minute it
was economical to get married there
would be more of it like there used to
be and staying married right so we need
a new system to take care of those who
will never be in the two two parent
situation because we don't want fewer
kids you know the the conservative
method would be all these unmarried
people don't have children
that would literally be the end of the
country right if if we weren't
having uh fatherless kids we wouldn't be
having enough kids not even close the
whole place would fall apart because
population collapse is one of the big
existential
risks well on the plus side some might
say there's a a caravan of
15,000 people called the poverty Caravan
this preparing to cross our border
mostly uh Mexican
citizens so that's the bad news the bad
news is that
15,000 poor people are crossing the
border into the United States on top of
the 300,000 or so that came in the past
month so that's the bad news the worst
news is that all
15,000 poor people from Mexico will be
getting directing jobs for their own
Star Wars
sequels so that's the worst
news
yeah okay U I'll just keep going and you
can decide which of these news stories
is real and which are not it's going to
be hard to tell I know it's going to be
a little hard to sort them out but you
could do
it all right uh I tweeted yesterday why
can't the president any president
whether it's Biden or Trump why can't
they use an executive order to close the
border now I get that there are Asylum
laws and so the law says that we have to
process them if they come in through the
Asylum Port but are you telling me that
the the uh head of our
military cannot declare that it's a
military homeland security problem and
just treat it as a military security
problem what's the point of having you
know the head of your military be the
president president if they can't do
military stuff when they need to so um I
guess some Republicans went to the
border and house Speaker Mike Johnson
basically said the same thing so he said
the same thing I did although he's got a
different spin on it that uh Biden
created the problem with an executive
order that the reason things are so bad
is the executive order to get rid of the
remain in Mexico thing apparently he
undid that and then and that opened the
floodgates so yes you could use an
executive order to reverse other
executive orders but why would you even
do that like why were you why are you
even playing around with you know these
little laws just declare it a Security
emergency and treat it like it's a
military emergency because it is it's an
existential threat not yet you know the
the current if we stop today we could
absorb the people who came
in you know there might be more crime
there might be some terrorists who got
in but we could survive with the number
who've already gotten in we're not going
to die because the ones who were already
in but if we don't slow down the flow
really
quickly we can't do it
forever you it's not sustainable in even
a little bit so you know I'm pretty sure
it'll end by election day one way or the
other but yes the president can do an
executive order and end it tomorrow the
fact that Biden isn't doing it suggests
corruption it suggests blackmail Andor
corruption or
both um and now Biden is suing Texas
because Texas made their own law to make
it illegal to enter Texas and now the
federal government is suing Texas for
preventing illegal people from entering
the country
now this is what the third or fourth
time they sued Texas for trying to put
up their own
barriers so I think it's the fourth or
fifth time Texas tried to stop illegal
immigration in their state and the
federal government put their resources
and time and money into stopping the
stopping of the illegal
immigration now can you think of any
reason why the federal government would
do
that there's only one
corruption yeah there is only one can we
stop pretending there's another reason
for
this why are we pretending this is some
kind of political thing it's clearly not
political it is clearly either blackmail
or Corruption of some kind which is
corruption all right we we should just
give up on pretending this has to do
with the internal politics of the
Democrats oh the Democrat leader has to
keep happy you know the the left that's
not happening that is not what's
happening this is clearly corruption do
you all agree to to me is so obvious
that it's just screaming at you clearly
corruption there's no other reason for
the Border situation there if you tell
me you have some other explanation for
it good
luck what is it something like 2third of
the citizens one are reversed 2/3 we
probably don't have there there only a
few issues that are even close to that
kind of agreement in this country it's
not a political question stop calling it
political it's just corruption that's
all it is it's just
corruption um
well so let's see what else is happening
uh Pew research says that uh one qu of
40 year-olds in the United States have
never been married un that's in new
high and I saw Benjamin Carlson ask on
the xplatform he said this is stunning
why are Americans giving up on
Marriage is that the right
question is that the question you
immediately ask when you see that
there's so many unmarried people why are
Americans giving up on Marriage that's
not the question I was going to ask the
question I would ask is given the way
Mary Mar is designed why would you do
it you know now I've been married twice
and I've told you why I did it I did it
to make it more efficient to give my
money away
literally to make it more efficient to
give my money away because I had more
than I needed and I wanted to be in a
family situation I thought that would be
more rewarding and so I wanted to create
a situation where it would be you know
easy legally and economically to
transfer money to other
people so for me it worked now some
people say but Scott you failed twice to
which I say what wouldn't I wouldn't I
know that if I failed twice I feel like
I succeeded twice because there were two
situations I wanted to get into I wanted
to transfer my money not all of it yeah
I kept most of it in case you're
wondering I did keep most of it um and
so I did that twice and I wouldn't take
back either time wouldn't take it back
at all so to me that was two
successes if you started two companies
and then sold them and then you went on
to another company you wouldn't say you
failed because you're not still in that
old company it would depend what you
intended to do when you started out and
what I intended to do I succeeded at how
how much did I think I would be married
forever
not
really I mean it was a goal I I held it
as a Target but I didn't really expect
it I mean that's uh in the the way the
system works expecting a rich person to
stay married to a younger
woman that's really that's a lot to
expect right so I didn't expect it I
wanted it but I didn't expect
it
all right so we need to figure out some
system where uh the all these unmarried
people can live some kind of fulfilling
life um how many of you saw the viral
video of aake ramas Swami disembowelling
a Washington Post reporter who asked
them to disavow white
supremacy instead of taking the bait he
he just eviscerated her you know on
video it became you know a
sensation
now um I posted I can't remember if I
read this to you where I only did it in
the man cave
separately but here's what I said after
watching that
video we saw aake display a level of
capability that we've actually never
seen before we've never seen this we've
never seen somebody operating at this
level now maybe maybe it's not your
choice you may choose another candidate
I understand that but you've never seen
anybody operate with this level of
capability and that it just has to be
called down I love the fact that America
can still produce of a
vake right we're not dead
yet America still has a little kick but
we're still alive still got some still
got some play
um but here's what I said in a longish
post I said one presidential candidate
is Head and Shoulders above the others
in both energy and capability now I
chose not to put the name in it because
if it's not obvious to you you're not
paying attention right and I said you
all know it but Trump's thirdd Act is
calling two and that's not nothing the
three best choices for president are
Republicans this
time right Trump V and DeSantis I don't
count Haley as a top
three now in my opinion the fact that
the best three candidates are Republican
makes Trump assassination
proof and that's a big deal because
there are a lot of smart independent
people are saying you know what and this
is sort of Tucker Carlson's thesis
they've tried everything else and
they've said very clearly that they're
going to try everything they need to do
to keep a out of office so the the hint
is very
thick that very bad actors might try to
do something very illegal with Trump now
would they do that if they thought that
the people who might come in behind him
to replace him would be as bad as or
maybe worse from their perspective and
the answer is that's why you know George
Bush Senior had uh Dan Quail you know
the joke was it made him assassin ation
proof now that was a joke but in this
case there's something to
it let me ask you this would the Deep
State Democrats be more afraid of a
second term of
trump which would scare them or imagine
something bad happening to Trump because
of Bad actors and then either a disantis
or a V coming into office after after
that because that would be the license
to do
anything right if if if something took
out Trump with violence you I guarantee
you're getting a Republican president if
it happens before the election I
guarantee you get a Republican president
and it's going to be one of the top
three and do you think that they would
be less
effective if Trump got taken out no if
Trump gets taken out it's going to be
War War but legal legal War whichever
Republican would come in behind him
should such a horrible thing happen we
hope it doesn't but should that
happen the the incoming Republican would
have the the sword of all sworts like
the public would just say do what you
need to do like just tell us when you're
done start
chopping
so I I think the public that would be
all of
you I think you did what the public
should have done I think the public just
wrapped Trump in a protective bubble
wrap while we were watching it it sort
of snuck up on me I didn't quite realize
what was happening until yesterday and I
realized you know what when you've got a
v out there just lighting up the social
media world with capability just pure
brain power and capability and
patriotism
and you've got a the strongest governor
in recent memory Des santis who's not
killing it in terms of campaigning he's
obviously underperforming there but
nobody thinks he would be a bad
president nobody thinks that I mean
Republicans don't nobody thinks he'd be
a bad
president so be careful what you wish
for if if anything happens that takes
Trump out whether it's in a legal sense
or whether it's worse
you you've got the uh the angels of
death right behind
him so I I submit to you that you the
public have done your job and you have
protected the Republic good
job uh 2024 is coming in like a lion
anyway there's a poll that puts uh let's
see who is it who pulled this real clear
politics uh they got a poll the say
Haley's in second place after Trump now
that sounds more than it is right if you
hear that Haley's in second place you
say to yourself holy cow like this could
be really something but it's not exactly
what it looks like what it what actually
happens it looks like Trump took
desantis's support so it dropped
DeSantis so he's so low that both
DeSantis and Haley are in that 10% range
but Haley has a little bit more so basic
basically they're both in the round to
zero but it's it's reported as she's in
second place but it rounds to
zero both of them now a is even behind
them but the difference
is the in my opinion V is pulling lower
than both of them because uh both
DeSantis and Haley look like something
like an alternative to
Trump would you agree people see them as
like an alternative to Trump whereas
vake looks like an improv to
Trump he's like Trump 2.0 meaning that
he could bring you the good stuff
without the provocation because he knows
how to avoid it so I think that V's
numbers are artificially
suppressed because Trump is everybody's
First Choice who would also like what V
has to offer so in my in my opinion if
something happened I hope it doesn't but
if something happened to Trump before
the primaries are over I think VI would
immediately jump to first
place now that's it's just a feeling but
it's a feeling based on how close he is
to Trump and the fact that if Trump you
know is alive when something bad happens
he would endorse him I'm pretty sure
that Trump would endorse vake if for
some reason health or anything else he
had to drop in so I think he would go
right to number one so anybody who's
writing vov because of his pull numbers
I think you're missing the big story
that he he's sitting there like a like a
freaking whale right if you think his
his participation is Trivial because of
his numbers you're missing the
whale there there's a whale just sitting
there just waiting and it wouldn't take
much for the whale to
be in first
place all right
um it looks like Biden uh is going for
what I call the narrow Ravine
strategy which is he's taking the worst
possible attack and he's going to make
that his centerpiece the worst attack is
to call January 6 an Insurrection and
try to pin that on Trump to suppress his
votes here's why that's the
worst because unlike the other fake news
that uh that Biden has pushed he can't
simply claim it's
true now you know remember the the fine
people
hoax Biden could just say it's
true he could just say that's true and
then other people would say that's not
true and it would sound like it's your
word against mine and then you people
just back their side so he could make
ridiculous claims about Trump said you
should drink bleach which he and you
know that kind of stuff but what's
different about January
6 is how mockable it
is because it would have been hard to
mock somebody who said that uh Trump
called neo-nazis Fine people because
then you have to kind of untangle all
the ugliness of the whole event and it
just gets complicated like and then it
turns into well who was there you know
could there be any good people there it
like just gets ugly and then the you you
know the one about the bleach again if
you Tred to understand what really
happened it was a real technology at the
time it gets ugly and complicated but
here's what happens if you imagine this
imagine this
picture imagine Biden and Trump
debating Biden of course brings up
January 6 and calls it an
Insurrection now just imagine this now
it's Trump's turn to talk and he turns
to Biden and he says you know I would
love you to EXP explain to the American
public how you connect the dots between
capturing a Lecter and sauntering around
taking selfies and gaining control of
the nuclear
Triad can you explain to us how the
unarmed Republicans were planning to
take over the US Military and control of
the country and and can you explain how
how I thought that would work cuz you
you seem to be a mind raer can you
explain what you think I was thinking
that would allow me to think that some
people protesting in front of one
building unarmed could somehow turn that
into controlling the government of the
United States Mr Biden can you explain
that to the American
people and then
laugh then
laugh and just mock
him so that's what the narrow Ravine is
the January 6 thing is the most
mockable attack yet because it's just so
obviously untrue with the other ones you
have to you had to make an appeal to
facts with January 6 you don't need to
introduce any
facts because everybody watching knows
that you can't really conquer a country
by walking
around that doesn't require any
persuasion you just have to say it in
public in front of Biden and watch him
lose his in front of the country
I mean literally Biden would his
 pants on national
TV if Trump ever just started mocking
him for how stupid that is it would be
the greatest show on Earth and it's
probably
coming let me ask you this you don't
think Trump has figured out by
now that line of attack you don't think
he knows that if Biden commits to the
narrow Ravine that the mockery cannons
are going to come out oh yeah mockery
cannons coming
out all right um Joel Pollock points out
that uh a bunch of anti-israel radicals
uh staged an Insurrection at the
California State
Assembly and they took it over and they
shut down the first day of the
legislature session and they forced the
lawmakers to
flee so as you would expect all of these
people who interfered with a government
process they've all been rounded up uh
and there's a huge committee being
formed and uh they're all being arrested
and they probably have lengthy length
jail
terms oh maybe not no actually I read it
wrong it turns out that there were no
arrests so that seems fair
right
now how in the world can Biden's narrow
Ravine Pol uh thing work in the face of
Democrats continually shutting down
State uh lawmakers is not even the first
time it's
happened it it's becoming
laughable and once it becomes fully like
just laughable it's right on the edge
right now but I think push Trump can
push it over
then that's all you need it just needs
to be more
laughable um apparently there's some
kind of a foreign Honeypot scheme with
prostitutes in DC that's just been
surfaced the DC Elites being trapped in
Honey Poots people think not quite sure
they know it's
prostitution but they don't know for
sure if there's any
foreign stuff
uh Caesar is asking me in very
loud very loudly Scott question do you
know who Michael leavon Robinson is
answer nope never heard of
him but thanks for
asking anyway um do you ever get the
feeling that our entire country is
really a black mocracy
meaning that there's absolutely nothing
happening in our government that isn't
the result of corruption or
blackmail because it feels like
everything
is like uh like actually
everything can you tell me why tiktock
hasn't been
banned corruption blackmail there's no
other reason can you tell me why the
Border hasn't been
secured
corruption blackmail
there isn't any other reason there is no
other reason do you know why we haven't
stopped
fentin a little bit of
incompetence but probably some
blackmail probably some
corruption in fact I don't know anything
that isn't a problem of blackmail or
corruption it looks like everything is
at this point now here's something I've
said before but I'm going to double down
any modern country that also has a
really good intelligence service will
eventually be run by the intelligence
service it can't not
happen by Design it's kind of
guaranteed here's why it's guaranteed
imagine I told you all right here's
here's something you're can invent you
can invent a a government system where
the there's a government and they're
elected but separately you're can have a
really high quality intelligence service
working for you now their job will be to
use influence and all kinds of dirty
tricks and money and bribery and
blackmail to affect the
elections in other
countries now they're also allowed to
work here and they can you know
influence our
people um and then you wait what would
that system
guarantee well the design of that system
guarantees that the people who are
trained to take over countries without
getting caught and change their
government without getting caught will
eventually maybe not on day one but
eventually as different people come in
somebody's going to get the
idea hey why don't we just take over
this country because we know
how in theory your intelligence Chiefs
should come to own all of the politician
that's how that system design should
work so on day one maybe problem at all
but eventually you get a j g Hoover
situation where the head of the
intelligence definitely knows too much
about the bad behavior of the
politicians at that point do we get the
34 Minute glitch yeah I just saw it
myself 34 Minute glitch we still don't
know what that is but every day the
podcast glitches on two different
platforms running on different devices
these are different platforms on
different devices the only thing common
is my Wi-Fi but it doesn't go down so I
don't know what's going
on anyway um let's talk about some more
stuff uh there's some commander in an
Iran Affiliated Iraqi militia who got
killed by a drone strike in Baghdad it
it looks to me like Israel and maybe the
United States have decided that they now
have a free pass to take out all the
Iranian proxies everywhere does it feel
like that to you because I think they do
actually have a free pass to take out
all Iranian proxies anywhere in the
world and so they so they kill one of
Hamas people in uh in Beirut did you see
what Hamas said uh no I mean Hezbollah
so esbah in
Lebanon that somebody gets killed in you
know basically their territory in brro
and you know what they
said oh if you keep doing stuff like
this there's no telling what we'll
do they basically didn't do a
thing that they they just took it
because it wasn't really
them Hezbollah is not Hamas so killing a
Hamas person in Hezbollah territory all
that gets you is some words ah don't do
that we could we could do something
maybe if you kept it up
so Hezbollah basically seems totally
defanged because you know what Hezbollah
knows let me tell you what Hezbollah
knows because I know it too and you
probably know it
too they're about one rocket away from
being
destroyed they've never been this close
to being absolutely
obliterated because you know what you
know what Israel's not doing this month
they're not taking any shift from
anybody that the the the around and
find out period is now completely into
find out there's no around anymore
where now you're just finding out
Hezbollah should know that although they
could do a lot of damage to Israel they
have tens of thousands of missiles
apparently they could do a lot of damage
but if they do Israel's not going to
just poke them back in a in a in an
equal way right if Hezbollah sends you
know X number of rockets Israel is just
going to say all right now we have to
kill every one of you we're going to
hunt you down and kill every one of you
however long it takes because that's
what they're doing with
theas and most reasonable observers are
saying yeah they kind of have to do that
so I think I think they have
Hezbollah completely frightened you know
with the United States help I'm sure so
that they're just going to sit back I
also think that they can kill as many
Iranian Proxes as they
want and Iran is going to stand
down because it's just a free pass I
think I I think you're going to see
Iranian proxies just drop like flies and
it's not going to stop it's just going
to be you know one or two a
week and you'll just get tired of the
news yeah the news will start sounding
the same a Hamas leader was killed by a
drone strike number 23 this month it's
not going to
stop all
right there were two big terrorist kind
of explosions uh that happened uh in
Iran at the funeral for
the military guy who got taken out
and Israel declined to comment on
whether they were
involved do I have that news
right I believe they declined to say
they didn't do it is that right they
declined to say it wasn't them isn't
that interesting why would they do that
now I don't think that they would do it
directly I don't think there's any
chance that they you know set the bomb
with an Israeli operative or something
like
that I do think it would be a real
interesting
strategy if Iran is the terror capital
of the world if Israel just said you
know what the seal is off everything's
on the table now now I don't know that
they're saying that but they could I
mean you could understand they would say
it to me it looks like they have Israel
is funding terrorists within Iran
and they're just going to say we're
going to kill all of you we're
we're just blow up everything to your
country through proxies as long as you
keep funding proxies that are killing us
we're going to we're going to fund
terrorists in your own country we're
going to
fund Arab
terrorists well not Arab but let's say
terrorists in
Iran until you
stop now let me ask you this if you were
Israel
and you had gotten to this point you
know where Iran has funded Hamas and all
these bad characters would you have
any
reservations about funding terrorists in
Iran if you were Israel I have
reservations but would you if you were
Israel I think I'd do
it now from my perspective you know I'm
not in Israel and I did not suffer
through October 7th if I had I'm I'm
sure I'd be in favor of terrorism in
Iran I hate to say it but you know that
kind of that kind of uh
violence changes you you're not the same
person after that like I don't think
America was the same after 911 I don't
think we be the same after Pearl Harbor
and I don't think Israel will ever be
the same after October
7th so would
Israel um I I think Israel wants Iran to
know that they are not completely
innocent of this but maybe didn't do it
directly it feels like Israel wants them
to know this is their
future don't you
think and the people that they killed
were the supporters of the PE the person
they already killed do you think Israel
is too concerned about killing citizens
who were lionizing and supporting the
terrorist that was killing Israelis
probably
not probably not so much you now I I
don't want to read any minds but I put
myself in their position and if you if I
had lived through October 7th the way
they
did all of my filters would be gone I'd
just say do what you need to do whatever
it takes do what you need to do it looks
like that's what's
happening so as you know a bunch of
names have been released because there
was a lawsuit that had been uh secret
until now that Virginia Jeffrey person
um so I guess that those legal documents
out and they include a bunch of
references uh to famous people now my
first thought was I wasn't going to
mention any of the famous people because
uh they're not they're not charged with
anything they don't seem to have direct
evidence of crimes the the one that had
a direct evidence of a crime um has
already been
cleared so the only one where there were
some details that he did some bad stuff
were allegations against Alan dtz that
as uh Chris Coro pointed out uh were
dropped because of lack of corroboration
another words there was nobody else who
seemed to think Ellen DZ did that and
there must have been enough people
involved with the island with Epstein
that if it were true that he had that
much naughty Behavior it does seem
likely that some other person would
corroborate it so there's no
corroboration and I guess she she
dropped her she she actually withdrew
her allegations if I understand
correctly can somebody confirm that
didn't the woman who was mentioning him
in these documents that we now see did
she not uh she she yeah right it's she
actually took back her
accusations so Chris Cuomo knew that and
wanted to point it out to some Bad
actors who didn't want to point it out
you you can't talk about this case
without mentioning that Epstein was
number one his lawyer uh that dtz was
first of all Epstein's lawyer which is
all the reason you need to spend time
with him including on his jet because
probably a lot of business gets done you
know traveling back and forth if you're
in that kind of world now am I telling
you that um I know that dtz is either
guilty or not guilty I don't know I
don't know I just know we live in a
world where it's hard to believe
anything so I'm going to give you I
don't know but I'm also going to give
you
forcefully innocent till proven
guilty innocent till proven guilty we
just can't abandon that like just just
because it's on social media and just
because it's in the news we can't just
act like these people are
guilty we just can't just don't do it so
I wasn't going to mention them until I
realized there was
a kind of a pattern we'll see if you can
catch it I'm going to read the names of
people who are mentioned and I emphasize
again none of the names I read have any
credible accusations of criminal
activity in my opinion I'm not aware of
any credible allegations against any of
them so the fact that they're
mentioned uh often they were mentioned
in the you didn't do anything so for
example Trump is mentioned but the
context is that there's no indication he
had any bad behavior wasn't on the
island right so they're mentioned but
sometimes they're mentioned in the
context of clearing them
but I want to ask you if you see any
commonality with these names so these
are just names mentioned again not
people who were accused of anything
they're just mentioned Trump Bill
Clinton there's some step Hawkins but it
can't be the the Stephen Hawkins so I
don't know about that one there's this
uh pritsker guy who some say is
connected with organized crime and is a
sketchy background there's Jackson David
Copperfield prince
Andrew um Bill Gates separately we know
he had some connections I don't think he
was mentioned in this one uh Alan dtz we
talked about Glenn Dubin he's a
billionaire hedge fund manager and Kevin
spy now when you hear all those names
what jumps out what do they all have in
common
no
do you see it yet they all have
something in
common no no no you I see all your
guesses no no you don't see it it
doesn't jump right down at you okay I
think somebody got it I think somebody
got it if you were let me put it in this
terms you'll see it right away if I said
to you hey we're going to start a
blackmail
operation
and somebody says of who you say anybody
we can get anybody we can get we're
going to if they're a famous person
we're going to try to Blackmail them
we'll get as many as we can we'll get
celebrities we'll get politicians just
anybody we can get all
right where are you going to start where
would you start your blackmail operation
would you say I think we can get Mike
Pence no no you wouldn't start with Mike
Pence because Mike Pence won't even have
lunch with somebody who's not his wife
you would say to yourself okay nobody
knows what anybody's doing in their
private life but that would be a low a
low probability play kind of a waste of
time right wouldn't you
think now I'm going to give you another
name and you tell me if you think maybe
there'd be a good chance to Blackmail
Kevin spy Kevin
spy Michael
Jackson do you think there's any chance
you could blackmail any of those guys uh
Bill
Clinton uh Bill Gates do you think
they're black
mailable uh David
Copperfield hasn't David Copperfield
been accused of some
things um prince Andrew do do you think
there's any male member of the royal
family that's not black
mailable you should watch the crown the
that series the crown and then you tell
me if there's any male member of the
royal family you think is not black
mailable all right um I don't know this
billionaire hedge fund manager but let
me ask you generally speaking how many
billionaire hedge fund managers do you
think are black mailable oh probably a
few not all of them not all of them but
probably a
few so is it my
imagination or is it obvious to you that
the that the names mentioned have that
weird quality that if you were going to
guess who could be blackmailed they
would be at the top of your list does
that seem like a
coincidence is that just a coincidence
that they all look like they could be
blackmailed now again I want to be as
careful as I can about this because
these are innocent people by our system
every person mentioned completely
innocent until proven guilty and I don't
think that's going to happen so I'm not
saying that any of these people did
things which make them black mailable
I'm saying that if I were to guess who I
might be able to Blackmail they would be
my first choices every one of them
so does that how many of you saw that
how many of you saw that immediately
they all had that quality of at least I
think that could blackmail them how many
of you saw
that because I think that's the big
reveal uh to me that almost guarantees
that it was a blackmail operation which
we all kind of assumed all right um
here's some more I saw a uh I guess it
was about 10 months ago alen dtz did an
interview in which he was asked directly
by Kim
Iverson um who's interviewing him if uh
if Epstein was working for
Mad the Israeli intelligence so here's
what uh dtz answered when asked if
Epstein works for mad now let me ask
you if you knew the answer to that
question and I'm sure DT does
but do you think that's true do you
think josu knows the real answer to that
question like for
sure yeah now the first thing that uh
that dhu pointed out is that he himself
has been working for Israel since before
Kim Iverson was
born he's so good at this D is so good
that's that was exactly the right answer
to say I I work for Israel since before
you're born so right so now the first
thing you know about dtz as he will
quite proudly tell you that he has been
working for publicly I mean it's no
secret publicly he has supported Israel
as one of the greatest supporters you
worked with them in a variety of ways
now so you know he's pro-israel and more
pro-israel than even pro-israel people
are he's about as pro-israel as you can
get so when he was asked if Epstein was
uh working for
Mad JHU said that um mad would never
hire
him no he definitely did not work for
mad they would never hire
him do you see
it do you do you see how much of a
lawyer answer that
is why would you give a lawyer answer to
that if the real answer was no if you
knew the answer and he knew the answer
was
no why would you answer it in a
hypothetical that they would never hire
him and let me ask you
this is anybody suggesting they hired
him and gave him a paycheck is anybody
suggesting that when Epstein did his W2
or his
1099 he had to he had to write down and
mad paid me $10
billion no that's not the way anything
Works do you know how who knows that
that's not the way anything Works who
knows that besides me and now you alen
dtz he knows nothing works that way so
why did he answer the question that way
why would he answer the question that
they didn't hire him when they know damn
well it's not a hiring
situation it would be let's say
Associates working for a common not
common but their own
purposes yeah it trust me there's no
piece of paper there's no piece of
paper that's not how anything works if
he were working for mad it was a favor
for favor situation or
possibly cash in some way that we can't
trace but
probably probably he got to extract
money from his victims had some kind of
cover from somebody and by the way
uh even if mad was working with him and
I don't know for sure that doesn't mean
that there were no other intelligence
agencies also working with them it
doesn't mean that America
wasn't right we don't know but given
that dtz is a master of communication I
would say that if he meant to say that
Epstein had never had any connection
with mad he would have said something
like uh I can tell you for sure because
I've known him forever he's my client
I've worked with Israel and there's no
indication that he ever had any any
association with worked with did a favor
for had conversations with met with or
any connection with mad that's how you
would answer it if the answer is
no do you know how you answer it if the
answer is yes he definitely was working
with mad they would never hire
him that's how you would answer if the
answer is yes they would never hire him
because indeed that's true they would
never hire him they would never make him
go through HR and get a
paycheck absolutely true so I consider
it a confirmation that he worked for mad
I consider the names on the list
confirmation at least in my own personal
opinion that it was a blackmail
operation um I would not say that msad
is necessarily his only fluence or the
only reason he did anything but probably
had some connections
probably all
right um so again I say I think I live
in a black mocracy I don't think this is
a republic I think we actually are a
network of
blackmailed corrupt people who somehow
work as a system still but blackmail is
the dominant element of our government
is my opinion at the moment K Harris uh
defined equity for us she just said
quote it means everyone ends up in the
same place and that's what she wants she
wants everybody to end up in the same
place now that was good news for me
because honestly I never thought I could
be a incompetent vice
president but apparently I'm going to
have a shot at it because Equity
requires that someday I will be a
 competent vice president because
everybody ends up in the same
place did I understand her wrong I hope
I didn't misinterpret her but I think I
can be a idiot too and also a
vice
president
Equity well Mark Cuban weighed in on Dei
and he disagrees with musk who thinks
Dei is a form of discrimination and
racism and he's in favor of Dei now let
me ask you this if I told you there was
a certain
billionaire who was very smart
and recently sold his interest in a uh
major basketball team that was his
greatest love but he sold it made a nice
profit but he sold
it and then publicly came out in favor
of
Dei what would you say about that
billionaire what is he preparing to
do well to me it looks like he's the uh
Democrat candidate under glass he's the
emergency
candidate um I know we all think that
Nim is the emergency candidate but
here's what I suspect you know how I
said we're a black male
uracy can you can you
imagine how much we don't know about
Governor
Nome that maybe somebody does
know I I I'm concerned that the
Democrats don't think Nome can get the
ball over the goal line because there
might be too much um what do you call it
uh research about the enemy what's that
called opposition research there might
be some opposition research that's sort
of just sitting there waiting because
you wouldn't you wouldn't release the
opposition research the Oppo you
wouldn't release that too early because
you'd want to make sure he was in the
race before you you know you shoot your
wad so it could be that Democrats
secretly know Nome can't get the ball in
the end zone so they needed an emergency
break the glass last minute candidate
who is uh name recognition widely
recognized as not a super partisan you
know more of a entrepreneurial
person and to me is very suspicious that
he would sell his beloved basketball
team
which is exactly what you'd want to do
if you're going to run for office
because he would be Savaged in his
business life for anything he does in
politics and you would need to come out
in favor of Dei if you were going to run
as a Democrat and I want to give you
this further
Evidence since I think all of you are on
the same page that supporting
Dei is so
stupid that how in the world could
somebody like Mark Cuban
who is unambiguously very
smart support Dei when Dei is clearly
stupid and unproductive and
evil so I'm going to read you his
support for it and I want you to look
for this does that sound like a quality
argument that you would expect from
somebody like Mark Cuban very smart very
accomplished super knowledgeable does
that sound like does that sound like
Mark cubin or does it sound like
something some candidate would
say when he's running for
office cuz he's not really invested in
you know
Dei in his business life you know more
than making his companies happy I
suppose I mean it's not like something
he needs to fight for especially poorly
all right so I'm going to read his
defensive of Dei and see if it feels
persuasive and
unpo he says two things number one
diversity good businesses look where
others don't to find the employees that
will put your business in the best
possible position to succeed you may not
agree but I take it as a given that
there are people of various races
ethnicities orientations Etc that are
regularly excluded from hiring
consideration by extending our hiring
search to include them we can find
people that are more qualified the loss
of deif phobic companies is my
game does that sound pretty
persuasive what's he leaving
out he seems to think that there's a
secret um a secret cache of unemployed
high quality people that fit these
various Dei categories he thinks they're
just waiting to be
found do you think he believes that do
you think that Mark Cuban believes that
if if a company just tries harder and
looks looks a little deeper they can get
equally qualified people who have been
hiding uh or had been overlooked because
your company is racist and doesn't look
in the right places do you do you think
he really believes that now I can't read
his mind but I'm going to say that what
he said here is so obviously stupid that
it doesn't match who he is there's
there's no way there's no way his brain
came up with this and then thought it
was good I I don't believe
that to to me it's a pretty strong
signal that he likes diversity which I
do as well diversity is good but it look
like he's trying too hard it very much
look like positioning for a
political candidate underglass situation
by the way if he hears this he's going
to be really mad at
me either because I'm wrong or because
I'm right but either way he's not going
to like it so Mark if you're listening I
apologize in advance but this is my
honest
opinion uh then he says another point he
says we live in a country with very
diverse demographics in this area where
trusted businesses can be hard to come
by people tend to connect more easily to
people who are like
them having a Workforce as diverse and
representative of our Stak holders is
good for
business now that's that's a tough
argument to
make because to make the argument you
have to make the argument that people
are different because of their
ethnic and other differences that
they're genuinely different and they act
differently and do we believe that the
only way that they're genuinely
differently and they act differently is
that some of them have more
insight that that's the main way they
act differently that that they have more
insight I don't know it's kind of a
sketchy argument but I would say that uh
100% of companies agree with his main
point here which is that if everything
was
equal every company would like
diversity do you
agree if the if there's no issue
with the performance of the
employees wouldn't every employee like
diversity yeah you he acts as though
there's somebody who doesn't want
it because his argument is is solid in a
world that is diverse it is absolutely
an advantage if the people who use your
company can look at you and say oh that
looks like the public I'm I'm
comfortable with you people so everybody
everybody understands that if you could
achieve diversity without giving
something up everybody would want it but
how do you how do you all fish in the
same little uh little water hole and not
overfish it so it's basically an over
fishing problem which he ignores and he
obviously knows it's a real problem so
that's why I don't believe his opinion
anyway we'll see if that's just me being
crazy here's more on Dei AIO says that
uh cutbacks in Dei could lead to a
decline in diversity in organizations
well I think it would and then one
recent study found that company with EI
teams make more diverse hires and have
higher levels of employee
morale do you think that's
true do you think that groups with Dei
have higher
morale and is that for all the employees
were were the white men in companies
where they brought in di were the white
men
happier do you believe this this sounds
ridiculous I don't believe the DI makes
anybody happier in fact I will go
further and I'll bet Dei makes the
minority employees less happy do you
know why if you're a high capability
employee and you see that the Dei people
is are bringing in lower quality people
because it's a small pool everybody's
fishing from not because they're lower
quality in general just a smaller pool
it's just math wouldn't you think oh
shoot now people are going to think I'm
A diversity higher cuz because of all
the the real diversity hes they're going
to think I'm one too and I'm not I
actually have
qualifications so how does that how does
that improve your
morale I can't imagine that improving
your
morale at all anyway um MSNBC tried to
do a hitpiece on Christopher rufo who as
you know is one of the main if not the
main person fighting against Dei and CRT
and ESG
and so as
Christopher um reposted so MSNBC ran a
4minute segment which is a lot on
television four minutes uh recapping all
of the evil things that Christopher rufo
did except that it reads like best of
you know best hits success thing like
every everything they mention like they
try to they try to act with their words
like it's really bad
but then when they describe what it is I
think well that was really good that's
like a big success then they'll go to
the next one and I like okay you're
using words to make it sound bad but all
he did was get rid of racism why are you
making sound bad so there axus is trying
pretty hard and uh and MSNBC is trying
harder
but everything's pointing in One
Direction at this point I think Dei is
on its way out uh Bill lman tried to
dump on it Elon Musk is dumping on it
I'm dumping on it um VI ramaswami Trump
uh probably Dan sanas they're all
dumping on it so de and Dei looks
bad now let's talk about Rob Riner who
got up early this morning and said this
so ask
yourself why a Hollywood power broker
would get up and need to tweet this
because it's something you've never
heard before all right here it is Rob
rer the fact that Trump lies as easily
as he Brees doesn't change the fact that
he led a violent Insurrection to
overthrow the United States government
American democracy will not survive with
him in the white
house now what uh what did he add to the
public discourse with that nothing it's
just stuff he says so it referenced no
new
information um and it's sort of
generic now let me ask you this you're
all aware that the
CIA used to co-opt Hollywood power
Brokers to make movies and TV shows and
stuff that would show the United States
in a good light and you know would be
the brainwashing of the
country now do you think that
stopped do you think they maybe still do
it or
no why would it stop why would it stop
it's not illegal apparently it's still
legal why would it stop it worked
before
now I'm going to read this again and I'm
going to ask you to listen to it this
time and ask yourself is this a man who
deeply believes this and just needs to
say it over and over again or
does it look like he's doing it as a
job let me read it and see if this
sounds like somebody speaking from the
heart or somebody who is paid to
complain about Trump
non-stop I'll read it again the fact
that Trump lies as easily as he breathes
doesn't change the fact that he led a
violent Insurrection to overthrow the
United States government American
democracy will not survive with him in
the white house doesn't that sound like
a
job
it has that feeling to it doesn't it
like like you just woke up and got a
paycheck now I doubt he's being paid
because the same reason I doubt that
Epstein got paid it's not a paycheck
situation
but if I were going to pick one person
in Hollywood I could
[Applause]
blackmail just say
it
all right
um let's
see so Biden's new ad is that a bunch of
extremists in the country but by the
extremist he means Mega people so Joe
Biden is basically saying half of the
country are insurrectionist and
that's how he's running he's running by
saying half of the country are
basically
now I keep pointing this out but the
more obvious it gets like everybody's
going to see it when Republicans talk
about politics usually they're talking
about
policy usually there could be exceptions
when Democrats talk about politics
they're talking about
people right so the Republicans will say
hey your border Asylum policy is a bad
policy they'll say oh your abortion laws
we think they should
change but when Biden talks about
politics he says all of you Republicans
are like Mega
extremists not all of them but that's
sort of
implied now you see it right Democrats
talk about people and Republicans talk
about policies if that was the only
thing you knew it would be a no-brainer
who you vote for why would you vote for
the one who's just bitching about people
instead of the one who has an idea how
to change a
policy I mean you see a v talk and he
says yeah I'm going to cut the FBI by
80% I'm going to get rid of the
Department of Education uh I'm going to
do I'm going to I'm going to pardon the
January 6 people I'm going to start
drilling it's just policy policy policy
and then and then when a Democrat asks
him a question she asked him about if
he'll deny white
supremacy which is really a clever way
to blame
Republicans are being white supremacists
that's all they
got now why do you think it is that
Democrats talk about people and
Republicans talk about
policy it's
obvious only one of them has good
policies that's it now what is the
exception there's one one real big
exception
abortion why do Democrats talk about
policy when they talk about abortion
they're really about policy when they
talk about that do you know
why because in their opinion they have a
good
argument right Republicans would say no
but in their opinion they have a good
argument so why does Biden have to go
after Mega
people instead of talking about policies
because he doesn't have any good
policies abortion is one he can talk
about but you know it's not really the
president's job it's not even part of
the job that's now moved to the
states so look for that pattern look for
the pattern of Democrats demonizing
Republicans and Republicans trying
desperately to talk about hey can we
change this border policy can we change
this tax thing can we can we get rid of
this war yeah very much policy versus
people um speaking of that ibam kendi
famous uh anti-racist racist uh um he
asked this about the uh the resignation
of Harvard's president he says the
question is whether all these people
would have investigated surveilled
harassed and written about and attacked
her in the same way if the Harvard
president in this case would have been
white do you think the attacking from
the right would have been quite as bad
if she had been
white what do you
think no I agree with him
it wouldn't have been nearly as bad if
she had been
white do you know why because she was
attacked for two reasons one was being a
diversity hire and the other was for
plagiarism and saying the wrong stuff
about Israel and
Hamas yes there was much more energy to
get her fired because she's a black and
a
woman who wasn't
capable like if you don't add the and
she didn't seem qual
ified then it's a different thing right
but I completely agree that a lot of the
energy and the heat was very much
because she's black and
female but that's the
problem the problem is that she is black
and female and got promoted apparently
over a lot of more qualified people so
yes because she's black and female there
was more energy to get rid of her
because she was got there you know the
wrong way so he he's half
right all right people who speaking on
about uh Dei just today Bill Amman uh
Constantine kissen Michael sheer Shermer
uh the Wall Street Journal you have
me uh musk so we're definitely have some
kind of a major turning point where
people can just say directly this the
stuff is poison got to get rid of
it um let me ask you this have you ever
heard of a story where Dei was cut in a
company and then the company regretted
it and they had to reverse their
decision and add back that Dei
staff do you think you'll ever hear of
it I have a
prediction that there might be a company
that cuts their Dei and then has to add
it back but it would be because of
complaints it wouldn't be because they
lost
money so I don't think it's a two-way
street I think that when they start
cutting the Dei they're not going to add
it back I mean I I Feel Like The Cutting
is the
future uh so read the room uh there's
more stories about Dei being bad and a
few and zero zero companies saying it's
working at least in terms of
profitability
all right so how many of you know that
President Trump released a gigantic
statement with lots of details about the
election fraud he claims in the 2020
election it's uh it's really
long I thought about how can I talk
about it but it's way too long so I'll
give you the gist of it so he goes
through the uh the Battleground States
and he lists in quite a bit of detail
the
the claims of uh irregularities Andor
fraud and for each of the states that
are the Battlegrounds I think he covered
them all there
are tremendous claims now I'm going to
say allegations because I cannot
determine what is true and what is not
but boy is it
effective boy is it effective here's why
number one the documentary effect his
his claims are so extensive that you end
up spending a lot of time going through
them like I did this morning if you if
you spend a lot of time looking through
the details of one uh of one narrative
The Narrative being the election was
rigged you were going to be convinced of
whatever that the documentary maker
wants you to think so it is the nature
of a documentary if it takes one
position and usually they do that they
don't show you the other argument and at
the end of the documentary you're going
to be 100% convinced that whatever that
documentary said is true but five
minutes later if you saw a documentary
that took the other position you'd be
just as convinced of the opposite
because that's how documentaries work if
you could make somebody sit for an hour
an hour you know to look at one point of
view they usually do walk away believing
it it's just too much of one point of
view it's it's overwhelms your critical
thinking and you just say all right all
right there's so much here it must be
true doesn't mean it's true it just
means there's a lot of it now closely
related to the documentary fact which is
a name I came up with is the laundry
list
persuasion laundry list persuasion says
uh I've got 15 things that Trump did
wrong and you say to yourself well a
quick perusal of your list you know I
could pick out three right away that are
definitely not true but I don't really
have time to look into the whole list so
I end up walking away and saying to
myself well I'm I'm sure they're not all
true on that list but the list is so
long there's probably something on there
that's true so a laundry list is
persuasive for the wrong reason it's not
persuasive because the stuff on it is
persuasive it's pers Choice it because
it's long and you say to yourself
irrationally but you say to yourself
well with this much smoke you there must
be at least one thing that's true on
this big old list right so Trump is
using both the documentary effect
because you have it takes so long to you
know work with it plus the laundry list
effect because there's so many different
claims now you put those together and
the the effect that I had when I look
through it was I concluded that there's
a 100% chance the election was
rigged
but is that true I don't know I actually
don't know and I'm I'm sufficiently
self-aware that I know I was brainwashed
by looking at the material brainwashed
do you think that I could tell even one
of those claims whether it was credible
or not true I couldn't not one of them
there were tons and tons of claims and
honestly they all looked pretty good but
I don't
know do you
know who knows how would you
know now I'm I'm more and more convinced
especially when I see Trump's list of
claims I'm more and more convinced that
what happened to Sydney Powell with the
whole Kraken business and the Venezuelan
General who allegedly knew some
things I'm convinced that was an op and
that the purpose of it was to give her
the most ridiculous claim and then if
she went public with it it would
undermine all of her other allegations
which is exactly what happened because
if you mention Sydney Powell somebody
will say Kraken within 5 seconds it's
the first thing you think of so it
obliterated her credit ability and we
never heard where she got that from did
we isn't that the weirdest thing dog not
barking don't you think at some point
Sydney Powell should have said okay I
was wrong but this is where I got it
from where's
that why doesn't she say where she got
it
from yeah I think the reason is she may
know that somebody set her up
I think she knows she got set
up and she may have a reason not to you
know want to out them but she probably
thinks she was set up at this point and
it looks to me like if if the stuff on
Trump's list of
irregularities if any of that is true it
would suggest that they had to do an up
to remove from credibility anybody who
was looking into it with any
capability and it looks like that's what
happened
now I can't say for sure but if you told
me what's it look like it looks like the
election was rigged it looks like Sydney
Powell was getting too close to the
truth and they fed her a kraken op and
he she bit and then it took her out of
the took her out of contention and then
nobody else wanted to follow that path
because she got so completely destroyed
her career was destroyed then nobody
wanted to like go down that path so they
basically pois poisoned the entire field
and it worked that's what it looks like
to me now let me say again since I
cannot confirm or debunk any of Trump's
claims I'll just say it's a really
long convincing looking
list I just don't know if it's
true but here's my take on the election
um
rigging I don't know if it happened I
have no proof but
we do observe that every other
institution and entity government and
private in the United States is clearly
corrupt clearly
corrupt why why would all 50 state
elections be the only things that work
right the really the only things that is
so not believable it's completely
unbelievable that everything was corrupt
except the elections
that's not believable not even a little
bit but I'll say again I don't have any
proof now but I'll tell you what I do
have proof of here here's what I'm going
to move from I I I suspected it to now
I'm
positive this election was never
audited can can we all say that for sure
Not only was it never audited because
all of this stuff came up afterwards Not
only was it never audited the Trump's
list of
irregularities proves to me Beyond any
doubt I I now have no doubt that our our
our elections are
designed not
accidental
designed to not be
auditable fully clearly there are some
things you can check but not enough
because if any of these claims are true
the these were all things that no audit
caught until well after it was too late
to do anything about
it
so that's fun all right that ladies and
gentlemen is all I have for today's
amazing live stream the best thing
you've ever seen best thing you ever
will see thanks for joining on YouTube I
always appreciate you and I will see you
in the morning
tomorrow be here bye for
now