boom baby hey everybody guess what guess
what it's time for a coffee with Scott
Adams featuring the highlight of your
day the place where your dopamine starts
getting on board starts to become part
of your day yeah sorry I'm a little late
I'll tell you why in a moment but first
grab tankard or a Stein or a chalice
grab your copy or mug your glass your
thermos your flask chiller with your
favorite liquid like I like the coffee
that's what I like
enjoy me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous scent
delightful well I was just sending out a
humorous tweet which made me be a little
late here I couldn't quite get the
wording right but I was watching a video
of it looks like Jerry Nadler walking in
for his hearings with hope Hicks you
have to see this tweet because the the
contrast le Alexander just pointed this
out it's the funniest contrast so
normally I don't like to talk about
people's appearances because it's sort
of the the low the lowest end of humor
is talking about people's appearances
but I can't help it this time this time
is just it's just sort of in your face
so find the video you could look at the
one I tweeted but you'll see others in
which hope Hicks was walking down the
hallway to the hearing apparently with
Nadler and crew followed by Adler now
hope X I don't know if it's she had a
good hair day the lighting is good but
she looks like I don't know the the most
beautiful supermodel who ever walked out
of hallway or the second most beautiful
light you know Christine is the most
beautiful but she's walking down the
hallway and you know just looking good
and a very very anethe place in this
political hallway with bunch of
politicians and then the very next
person is Nadler then Adler's pants if
you haven't noticed every year his his
pants level gets higher and higher until
he's wearing his pants starting about
here now and I was trying to write a
funny tweet about you know what's gonna
happen if his pants keep getting higher
and then I thought wait a minute
will they think I'm making a tweet about
his pants because ho pics is looking
good now I don't want to do that that's
you know that's not the direction I want
to go so I went with that you have to
keep an eye on nethers pants because if
they keep rising at this rate he's gonna
have to unzip his fly just to talk and I
think that was worth thanked yes it
wasn't important but it was worth saying
all right let's talk about some other
interesting news
so both both Joe Biden and Don Lemon I
have once again in public once again
spreading the fph now if you don't know
what the f pH is there's a reason I'm
using the letters instead of the words
because I did a little test yesterday to
see if YouTube would D monetize me for a
certain word or a certain set of words
those words are start with F P and H
what do you think do you think and and I
did the test so I would say nothing else
that could possibly be over the line so
I was very clear it was a single purpose
periscope and just a test which then got
loaded onto YouTube what do you think
happened demonetized
instantly deep monetized
note no curse words no incorrect
information so there were no curses no
in the correct information it was not
offensive in any way I
there were no offensive material the
only thing in it was the three words
they start with F P and H those of you
who are on periscope watching this you
can see the see what that means those of
you who are watching this later on
YouTube who are doing it on YouTube will
not will not see those words but you can
figure it out by context now somebody
here is asking me if yeah if it might be
because of another word another word
that sometimes is used to refer to bad
people who have a certain belief system
and if I were to spell it backwards it
would be i Z am so I made sure that I
didn't use that word you know use of the
word correctly in my test now it did get
ramana Thais dafair li quickly so it was
instantly demonetized on YouTube so that
the test worked or there was nothing
offensive in it it was just content then
apparently somebody doesn't want to
monetize and I do understand that you
would not want to pair advertisements
with any conversation on that topic
because most people talking about that
topic are going to say something that
the advertisers wouldn't want to
associate with I don't but here's the
problem even if you get D monetized
temporarily and that Ramana ties it
doesn't help at all because all of your
monetization happens in the first 24
hours so pretty much at least in my case
the viewership is 80% of the first day
so if they D monetize the first day and
then say ups while we was an overreach
will will Ramana ties you doesn't help
at all it doesn't help at all because
you've already lost all of your
monetization so this was shocking just
shocking that content that was
completely clean and appropriate and not
controversial even not controversial
all you know some people might disagree
with it but it wouldn't be controversial
in the normal sense so anyway um it
seems to me that I put a little more
work into how we could determine what
the algorithm is doing without being the
holders of the algorithm and here's how
I do it what you do is you take a bunch
of different accounts YouTube accounts
and you'd ask them to report their
experience so if they got demonetized
they would report to this central
central what site or something when they
got demonetised in and what was
demonetised then that central site can
do the same thing that I assume YouTube
does which is do a speech-to-text and
then look for text that may have been
the problem text now in the case of
YouTube they're looking for text that
they've already banned or they want to
throttle and then it does its thing
presumably I'm presuming that's how it
happens
I might be wrong so if you wanted to
find out what keywords they were looking
for without them telling you because
they won't you could have a number of
accounts that volunteer to tell you when
they get demonetised
and then once somebody reports i've been
to monetize this central site that's
sort of a monitoring site could check
their speech-to-text
only if they get demonetised and then
running to run it against other people
who are d monetized and find the
correlations so if every time somebody
says orange it gets demonetized you
would notice that because would happen
to a variety of accounts there wouldn't
have much of anything else in common so
if he had enough accounts who were
willing to report when they got to
monetized to a central monitoring
organization or a person I think you
could work backwards I think you could
work backwards to figure out what the
keywords were and why you got banned and
that would have been very helpful in
this situation all right
sorry I saw that Chuck Schumer and Tom
cotton who are on opposite sides of
politics are combining to do some kind
of a fentanyl sanctions bill against
China so in other words if Congress is
working across the aisle Thank You
Congress Thank You Chuck Schumer I'm
gonna I'll always call out when the
people I don't agree with do something I
like Chuck Schumer is doing something I
like a lot Thank You Chuck Schumer
strong play Chuck Schumer so I guess the
idea is that they will identify what
what companies have direct or indirect
involvement with fentanyl production in
China and if they seem to be according
to us if they seem to be involved in any
kind of illicit fentanyl trade that we
will sanction them and make them hurt
financially now what does that tell you
that we need to do that the fact that we
need to do this tells you that President
Xi lied to our president when he said
that he would you know increase the
penalties unfenced all and make it a
capital case a death penalty case and
that they would change the law that they
would start getting start getting tough
on them now remember what I've said from
the start I said from the start don't
know that you can believe that that
could be just something they're holding
out there and apparently apparently they
were going to hold that hostage possibly
as part of the trade negotiations do you
know what I say if I hear that China is
holding that out as a trade negotiation
item well what I say would get me
demonetized everywhere because what I
will say privately about China if that's
what they're doing if they're holding
this out as a negotiating variable well
then
yeah I don't want to say what I'm gonna
say because you can you can think it
those of you who don't know I lost my
stepson in October actually September 2
fetanyl to to a drug overdose in which
fentanyl was part of it and I don't
think we should do any kind of a trade
deal with China as long as fentanyl from
there is coming into our country and
it's obvious they're not trying to stop
it we should just look for other places
to trade I noted in the news that Apple
is starting to ask its suppliers to
consider looking around for different
countries to build the parts for the
iPhones and the iPads now I say to Apple
Apple I'm down by the way I own stock an
apple not much just you know ordinary
part of my portfolio but I would be
willing to take a hit to my stock 20% I
would take a 20 percent reduction in my
Apple stock price for them to take on
the extra expense of moving to another
country Catana China so Apple one of the
maybe the greatest yeah you could argue
that Apple is the greatest American
company of all time I don't know how
you'd measure that sort of thing well
you could argue it's the greatest
American company and at the moment the
greatest America American company is a
Richie enriching our biggest enemy in
the world
and I'm gonna say China is an enemy
because as long as they're not doing
anything about the fentanyl they're in a
in the in let's say a non-shooting war
with us at which they're taking maybe
50,000 lives a year and we're taking
none so I think I think we should crush
their economy I'm in favor of crushing
China's economy because they're not you
know they're still is stealing our IP
and sending us poison killing
50,000 Americans per year and trying to
dominate us we should just crush their
economy I'm not in favor of any kind of
trade deal now if we get one I'm sure
the stock will go up that people will be
happy about that but I really think the
long term the long term move is to get
companies out of there and and just shut
them down because they have not there's
a certain requirement to capitalism
which is trust now even in the
capitalist system of course nobody fully
trusts anybody and there are plenty of
bad actors etc so you have to have lots
of you know a good core system etc to
make capitalism work but at the moment
we don't have these kinds of problems
with Germany we don't have the kinds of
problems we have trading with China we
don't have them with I don't think you
pick any other country Mexico
yeah even Mexico we've got our issues
with Mexico but we don't have well we do
have problem with Mexico it's a bad
example yeah let's say India actually I
think India might be a little bit of a
source for offense at all I would have
to I would have to research that but
there might be some coming in from India
don't quote me on that
because I'm not sure about that but the
point is China is not a dependable
partner and in capitalism doesn't work
unless you have some minimum level of
trust all right trust but verify but you
have to have a minimum level of at least
believing they'll do some of the things
they say they'll do and they don't seem
to be in the mold they seem to have
taken themselves out of the capitalist
system by simply not being a reliable
dependable honest or a fair player at
any sense so now I say we should move
all of our industry out of China as
quickly as possible and I personally
will pay extra to get that done all
right here's a question for you
who builds the voting machines for
smaller democracies I don't know the
answer this question so it's a question
that I probably should know the answer I
shouldn't I shouldn't ask it but for
countries that are have legitimate
voting processes and people really do
you know the leaders do change based on
the votes who makes those voting
machines let's say let's say Africa if
you were to look at the entire continent
of Africa I don't know exactly how many
of those countries have legitimate
democracies 70 of them have puppet
governments dictators etc but over time
you would expect there would be more and
more democratic looking countries in
Africa who makes their voting machines
because whoever makes the voting
machines eventually you know once
they're off of paper ballots yeah so
there's certainly the at the low end
people are on paper ballots but at some
point even the paper ballots have to be
added up right even the paper ballots
get reported somewhere they get into a
computer somewhere there's some
computing going on to count stuff up it
seems to me that whatever country is in
charge of the voting technology whether
it's the voting machines or it's where
they sum up the totals of the voting
machines that country would essentially
be you know at the mercy of whoever
makes the machines I would think and so
I would I would keep an eye on that good
news russia has put a new FLIR they
shouldn't stop in the middle of a
sentence russia put a nuclear power
plant on a boat so they've they figured
out how to make a small enough nuclear
power plant that they can put it on a
boat and take you to a remote part of
russia pull into the bay hook it up with
wires and provide power to remote places
where it would be too hard apparently to
go build a building
to just be too hard so they put it on a
boat and take the boat there now think
about that yeah I know you're you're
worried that the Russians don't have the
same safety standards that that we would
like I got a question for you what
happens when radiation gets in the ocean
I always wondered if you had a big
nuclear event in the ocean like let's
say or when we did our underwater
nuclear tests and stuff where does all
that radiation kow that if you fill the
ocean with radiation doesn't it doesn't
just sort of spread out forever
does it stay in one place I don't
understand the risks I don't know the
risks of a nuclear event in the ocean is
that big or small I can't tell all right
those are the big stories of the day I
haven't I got a little late start today
because my my fire alarm went off or at
least the low battery alarm went off so
I'm gonna look on CNN's homepage and see
what I missed
magicians body found after a failed
river escape stunt well here's my advice
to anybody who wants to copy Houdini
that's really not the kind of job that
has a long life expectancy I do not
recommend that any of you get into the
magician Houdini sort of thing oh I
forgot to talk about the president duh
so how many of you watched the
president's announcement speech last
night I watched it while I was floating
in the pool yes I have a pool and I'm
floating there and I had my my phone
just playing the speech and I listened
to it for I don't know half an hour or
45 minutes or something and here's the
thing I I never got bored
I can't remember the last time I watched
a some other politician speak for half
an hour and I didn't get bored think
about that when was the last time that
happened I liked when Bill Clinton spoke
so back in the Bill Clinton days he
could keep me out of tain for a long
time I really liked I liked him as a
public speaker Obama is a good public
speaker but not that interesting over
the long haul he's a little dry he's
great at his job Obama is an amazing
politician but he's a little dry on his
speeches Reagan was great if any of any
of you were old enough to be around
during Reagan's time Reagan was great he
could hold the crowd but man nobody can
hold a crowd like Trump I don't know if
we'll ever have a president who can do
what he does that the size of his crowds
are partly a reflection of his
popularity in in a political sense but
partly a reflection of he's putting on
the best show in the country right now
you know if you if he sold tickets to
his show people would buy them you know
there he doesn't sell tickets but other
people would buy those tickets anyway so
my favorite part and I will note that he
just keeps getting better and better at
that so his ability to hold a crowd and
you know really have them in the palm of
his hand is just getting better and
better and he did a little a be testing
on his upcoming slogan so I hope you
caught that part because it was it was
brilliant it was simple and something
that you might have said well I would
have done too but you didn't and he did
and so he sent to the crowd I'll
paraphrase but he said basically you
know there's a big question where about
was slogan we should have they talked
about how make America great again was
possibly the greatest slogan of all time
which I agree I would say he has a
strong claim
very strong claim to say that that was
the best branding best slogan ever
created for a political event I think he
could say that with a you know that
feels like a supportable statement but
after he says but it's the greatest one
how can we how can we move from this
greatest thing how can we really come up
with a better slogan than that so he
sets it up perfectly because he's
signaling to the crowd indirectly but
still clearly he's telling the crowd
without telling them he's telling them
it's time to move on but he told them
it's time to move on by paying complete
respect to the old one so he didn't he
didn't stomp on he said was just the
greatest thing ever
but then he said what about you know
comparing it to Keep America great and
so then he did a sort of a vote from the
crowd where they were cheer and now he
set them up so he's told the group he
hasn't told the crowd he hasn't told the
crowd what he prefers in direct language
but he's very much told them he prefers
the new one all right so he hasn't said
it but he has indicated it and then he
does the what do you like and they cheer
for make America great again and then he
says Keep America great and the crowd
goes nuts of course exactly like he it
like he primed them to do so it was in
one way you could say it was a fairly
ordinary thing to do you simply asked
the crowd for their opinion and
monitored their response so in one sense
very ordinary but here's the thing
nobody else did it it worked it was an
amazing moment so he has a way of taking
the ordinary that was available to
everybody you know everybody had the
ability to work a crowd this way he
didn't have any special access to a
crowd or anything but he worked that
crowd like I've never seen a crowd
worked and and I'm gonna say that
actually as a literal not a figurative
statement I don't think I've ever seen
anybody over to grab that hard you know
musicians on their crowds in different
ways but but this was masterful
now let me if you--if you're not aware
of the technique let me tell you the
technique you use technique number one
he has associated his rally speeches
with fun and humor and laughing and good
times
so people showed up in the perfect mood
they showed up
laughing happy ready for a good time so
he's primed them over you know over the
years to know that this is going to be a
fun night and they show up in a good
mood because they're expecting it they
become self-fulfilling but here's the
brilliant part for the first I don't
know how many minutes was a big chunk of
time all the president did was say
things that people who were his
supporters already believed to be true
and he said them in the way that they
believed them to be true in other words
he just went down the line of everything
that a Republican trump supporter
believes is true and they said it in his
own words
that's called pacing he said nothing
that a trump supporter would disagree
with and he kept hitting a Boom Boom
Boom
he did not try to challenge the group he
did not try to introduce a new idea it
was the wrong place he wanted to pace
them he wanted to say what they were
thinking as they were thinking it and
there was a point there where he
actually I forget the exact words but he
actually said something like you're
thinking this or I know what you're
thinking which is technique that's
persuasion technique so he was trying to
create create the understanding that
what he was saying is what they were
thinking that's that's pacing what you
saying is what they're thinking but you
say it in a clever way a little bit
better way than they're thinking it once
he's got them on their side he
ask them to do something asking your
crowd to do something is a very very
very very very very very very very very
very effective thing to do I'm hitting
this because if you only learn one thing
from this periscope it would be the best
thing you ever learned let me say it
again if you can make your crowd do
something do something beyond you know
just clapping and showing up if you can
make them do something you can own them
so he paces them first
hey I'm you the the things coming out of
my mouth are just the things you're
thinking then he has him on his side
get some excited gets their energy up
and then he asked them to do something
which is the vote which is these things
he like if you want to do that on a
small scale with your own audiences one
of the ways that I did it back in my
corporate days was I would hand out tic
tacs before I talked about a boring
topic and I would tell people here
here's a there's some tic tacs pass them
around everybody take a tic-tac because
it'll keep you from from yawning and it
does if if your audience has a tic-tac
they won't yarn people who have a
tic-tac isn't a mouth though you are
this is true so I would make them take a
tic-tac and pass it around now what I'm
doing is making them do something I'm
making them do something for me and
that's part of controlling the crowd if
you could make them do something small
you get them on their side so you wants
them to do things very important
physically do things with their body
alright so it was a masterful time you
could imagine I felt bad for her can you
imagine what are the Democrats watching
that thing can you imagine
you're one of the Democrat challengers
if you watch that Trump that Trump rally
huge one you just want to quit it was so
so strong I mean you could you can
dislike this president and still say all
right you know even though I don't like
this president that that rally wasn't
amazing because it was it was just
amazing
I'm so happy to be alive during this
time to actually see this because that
you could imagine that describing what
this is like to some future generation
isn't going to work because they
wouldn't you have to experience it so I
was also thinking can you imagine
imagine how good he is at this right now
forget about politics he's just good at
this rally stuff and speeches imagine
how good he will be in his second term
in the fourth year think about it second
term Trump fourth year of his second
term nothing to lose top of his game
experienced relaxed best there's ever
been
imagine last year of Trump rally imagine
the size of the crowds because people
will know in his final year people will
know that they'll never see this again
think about that in his last year of
office presuming that he gets a second
term everybody who ever thought of going
to one is gonna say this will never
happen again we have to go see this once
in our life the crowds are going to be
he might have a crowd of a million he
might be the first president I'll make
the prediction here's a prediction
assuming that Trump gets reelected which
i think is true in his fourth year of
the second term he is last year I
predict he'll have at least one event
live event that will attract 1 million
voters 1 million that's my prediction I
think you got over a hundred thousand at
this last one but 1 million it'll be the
first time now obviously a million
people can't watch a live event so they
would be watching screens they would
just be sort of in the general area but
I think he's going to get a million
people on the street just
respect so that's somebody says they'll
hold me to that
please do Oh July 4th yeah it might be
the 4th of July
you're right in his final year all right
so that's all I have for now
sleepy Joe isn't doing much we're
waiting for Trump to live tweet their
debates that'll be fun and I will talk
to you all later