bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
yep it's that time again you know what
time I'm talking about this time it's
time to gather around
grab your container you're a thermos
your cup your mug your Stein your
chalice your tankard fill it with your
favorite liquid you know what I like I
like the coffee and join me please for
the best time of the day I call it the
simultaneous sip
mmm oh that's good
somebody out here is calling me papa
which reminds me that I was talking
about how Bernie Sanders reminds me of
an old dandelion you know and they turn
all white and they they blow away
apparently there's a name for that a
poopa pu PPA or a Papa doesn't sound as
catchy as it could be for a nickname
speaking of nicknames so president Trump
the nickname ER in chief has given a new
nickname
and the new nickname is weird Tom Steyer
weird Tom Styer and I give that one an
A+ so the president has an uncanny
ability to pick perfect words you know
people made fun of him when he when he
said I have the best words
oh it's Papa's PAP P u.s. somebody's
correcting me that sounds right the debt
the an old dandelion is a
Pappas all right so Tom Steyer here's
why weird
Tom Steyer works and it's why other
people who who try try to come up with
nicknames don't do so well here's what
works about it weird or weirdo is
those words you never see in politics so
that's the first rule so Trump likes to
pick words that are not already overused
so you don't want to call some of the
you know liberal Tom Styer or or lefty
Tom Styer these are all just old used up
boring words so he first thing he does
is he finds it finds a word that you all
know but it's not often or never used in
the political context so that's what
makes it a place that's what makes it
sticky and interesting and and
provocative it's it's a word you're not
supposed to use in this context secondly
the president likes to use words that
will be reinforcing and I don't know if
it's just me but when I watch Tom Steyer
on television the whole time I'm looking
at him I'm sort of half listening to
what he's saying but here's my internal
thought what's wrong with that guy
now I don't think I'm the only one yeah
and let's look at the comments here when
when I listened to him talk independent
of the fact that he's a critic of the
president you know I don't think every
critic of the president has something
wrong with them right there's just
something that's it's like the uncanny
valley or he's like a person but not
quite
he has opinions but they don't quite
make sense everything was just a bit off
now let me make a comparison if you were
to say you know Adam Schiff obviously a
big critic of the President
when I look at him I have lots of
thoughts but he's a real person in a
political realm saying political things
and you know maybe he's a weasel because
he's saying things that maybe he doesn't
even believe but I don't look at him
chef's and say what's wrong with him
cuz I I know what's going on he's a
political Adam
political context saying political stuff
there's no mystery there alright Joe
Biden Joe Biden there's no mystery when
he criticizes the president he looks
like an ordinary guy he's a little
touchy that's that's a separate topic
but I don't automatically listen to Joe
Biden and then have a running recording
in my head saying I trying to figure out
what's wrong with this guy right the
same with Bernie you know Bernie looks a
little crazy but he doesn't look like a
weirdo does he the weirdo
wouldn't really fit Bernie crazy fits
them so the president's ability to pick
literally the perfect word as far as I
can tell of weirdo it just so captures
your sort of irrational you know feeling
about him that it's brilliant
all right here's a little update on
predictions remember I've told you many
times that everybody could have an
opinion that's easy but predicting is
hard and there's somebody predicts well
you should give them more credibility
than someone who can't one of my
predictions if some of you can confirm
this I know you've been most of you have
been watching me for a while I predicted
the Hillary Clinton would not run for
president and now she's said that she's
not running so I'm gonna count that as
yet another accurate prediction on my
part so if you predicted
if you predicted that she would run just
keep a keep a tally of your own
predictions and then compare it to mine
whenever you can and see what you think
so many of you watched I think yesterday
Joe Rogan having a second chance to talk
to Jack Dorsey about Twitter's policies
about you know their algorithm and who
gets who gets de-emphasized and who
doesn't and under what
under what situations do you get deep
deep platformed and all that and
apparently Tim Poole who was there as a
bit of a moderator people tell me he did
a good job I didn't see the whole thing
I'm waiting to see the highlights
because it the parts I watched I watched
it for a while and it didn't seem like
it was creating a lot of news all all
the parts I saw were Twitter explaining
what they always explain which is that
they're not they're not beating people
up for content so much as behavior so
that's all I saw and that's the same
thing we already knew so if there was
any news that came out of that I saw
that I saw one little interaction about
a particular person that whose name they
didn't recognize and that felt like a
little bit of a gotcha moment but
probably wasn't I mean it was kind of a
pretty minor thing but there must have
been more news that came out of that
I'm just looking at okay mark mark is on
here I'm going to talk to to Mark Snyder
in a little bit and I'll give you an
introduction before I do that let's talk
about the fine people hoax
so I've changed it from the
Charlottesville hoax because that's
misleading the Charlottesville happened
you know that there was an event there
somebody really died etc there really
were races there but the hoax part is
the fine people the hoax is that Trump
said that the racists were fine people
when obviously he was referring to other
people at the event now we're still
waiting for that to be addressed by CNN
and I wanted to revisit my four news
outlet rule now I present this
rule as something to watch not as some
kind of scientifically validated you
know physical law but and it goes like
this
that something is probably true news if
it's reported the same on all four of
these major news outlets CNN MSNBC
covering sort of the left and then Fox
News and Breitbart as my proxies for you
know news that's there is more right
oriented if it's not on all four it's
probably not true now I'm not going to
tell you that that works every time but
it's a provocative little rule and it's
a good first filter it's probably not
the only filter you should put on things
but let's run a few things through the
filter and say number one which of those
four outlets reports that Q is true none
zero there is not one of those four news
outlets nobody in the left and nobody in
the right of those four who report the Q
is real so therefore Q is PHA news it's
news that there's something called Q but
it's fake that Q has some insider access
let's run another one through the filter
how about the the the thought that
President Trump called racists fine
people well I don't think that's not all
for networks because it's fake news how
about here's one the idea that the the
whole secret plot behind the green new
deal and the plot behind climate change
is really a giant socialist globalist
plot and they don't really believe it
they're just pushing it to cause
political change have you seen that
reported on CNN or MSNBC you haven't now
if I'm
about that just fact jack me and we can
you know we oh you know I'll circle back
to it but that's fake news it's fake
news there is no globalist plot to
change politics through climate change
according to this filter again now
saying the filter works every time
but we're running some stuff through to
see how confident we are of it here's
another one you're not gonna like this
one um I've been seeing in the headlines
but not everywhere the idea that there
was some kind of a law proposed about
not allowing abortion for babies that
are already born and they're healthy I
guess or at least they're survivable so
on the right you'll see the news that
says my god the lefties want to have the
right to abort a live baby nobody's
reporting that and CNN I don't think
anybody's reporting better than MSNBC
nor have I ever seen the language which
describes the way it's being reported
so I declare it's fake news it's real
news that there was a law presented it's
fake news how it's being interpreted now
I'm willing to change my mind and all it
would take is somebody to send me the
text of that actual law and and maybe a
link to somebody who's familiar with it
to explain what it was now some of you
were saying wrong wrong it was
definitely there I know it was there for
the moment we don't have to argue
whether it's true or false I'm running
it through the filter and I'm telling
you that it's this is BS so governor
Nadler admitted it send me a link so
I've been waiting for weeks to see if I
would see watching social media as
watching the news I've been waiting to
see
I would see anything that clearly
describes what the law meant to do with
somebody who supports the law confirming
that that's what the law says
that's all I haven't seen it so I would
suggest that my four outlet news
suggests that that law has been maybe
exaggerated and what it's meant to do so
that's and that would be a good test all
right if if you haven't seen there's
there's a documentary it's on Netflix
that I highly highly highly recommend
it's called abducted in plain sight and
you might want to watch that in
conjunction with watching the leaving
Neverland which is another documentary
about Michael Jackson and allegations of
of child sex abuse I guess the abducted
in plain sight is a story that is so
mind-blowing that I don't want to ruin
it for you so I'll just tell you this
the content is very disturbing because
it's about a pedophile and there's some
images that you know you just you don't
want any kids in the room you know don't
watch this if it's a topic that bothers
you don't watch it but if you do watch
it watch it for the the psychology about
it watch it for the persuasion the
understanding about confirmation but
confirmation bias and watch other people
involved believe things that were
amazing as and they weren't real things
but the things they believed were just
shocking now when I watched it my my
background is a hypnotist and studying
persuasion for four decades I watched it
and I said there's nothing in this that
is surprising
every part of that show while it was
mind-boggling and jaw-dropping it was
not surprising if you have my background
which is persuasion and hypnosis and the
things that it shows as happening in
real life are very predictable so watch
those two shows and you'll learn
something about the the weakness of
human perceptions now I should say I'm
leaving Neverland what you should do is
you should watch not only the special
but you should go to YouTube and I
somebody sent me some links and probably
somebody who's watching right now send
me a couple of links to a skeptic of the
leaving Neverland story and the skeptic
was giving the other the the opposing
argument which would say that Michael
Jackson was unfairly accused of being a
pedophile
and when you listen to the the
documentary I'm pretty sure you can walk
away saying oh he's definitely guilty
that Michael Jackson there's no there's
no way that these two people made all
that up the details are too convincing
etc and then as soon as you're done with
that go watch the YouTube YouTube bits
you could probably just find them in a
simple search find those YouTube bits
and then look at the counter-argument
and you'll be surprised how good it is
to the point where I'm not sure what to
believe right now could go either way
let's talk about you bi and everybody's
asking me to talk about universal basic
income yet the idea is giving people
some amount of money every month that
they can spend anyway they want as a
universal basic income whether they work
or not now most of you find capitalists
say quite reasonably my god that's the
worst idea in the world because it will
be an incentive to not work what could
be worse in a capitalist world
than creating an incentive for people to
not work well I have not reached a final
opinion on ubi but I'll tell you there
are some things I think you're
overlooking and I'll just mention the
other variables and let us sink in for a
while the first variable I'd like to
suggest is that the the economy and
technology and civilization are trending
toward a place where a big portion of
the population simply won't be smart
enough to do the work in other words we
are guaranteed to have people who would
like to work but are not capable they're
simply not smart enough to do the kind
of work that their jobs still exist
because robots will be chewing up all
the jobs that don't require a lot of
thinking and when those when that when
those are gone what are all those people
going to do now you're probably saying
to yourself alright this is capitalism
if you tell those people and let aside
from that point let's assume that there
are jobs and you've got a universal
basic income and some people will say I
would prefer to get this universal basic
income then I prefer to work is that bad
your first instinct is hell yeah that's
bad why are you taking my money with our
work for and giving it to somebody who
chose not to work is literally the worst
thing you could possibly do in the
capitalist system well that point is
well-taken but it's not the only point
so let's let's throw in some more
variables one of my observations is that
for every person who can't work or
doesn't work there's at least one other
person who is crippled by it in other
words there's somebody else who's taking
care of that person's non-working ass
for example how many adult
children are living with their parents
and their parents would like to get rid
of them but they can't get rid of them
because their kid would starve probably
quite a few so if you are to help the
kid by giving them a universal basic
income you might really be helping the
parents because now the parents can boot
him out and say look maybe you can't
live in this neighborhood on that
Universal basic income and maybe you got
to get a job at McDonald's to supplement
but you can go live someplace cheaper
with your ubi and now I don't feel
guilty
I'm kicking your ass out so I've come to
think that ubi is wait for my
provocative framing provocative framing
alert here it comes
ubi could be thought of as abortion for
lazy adults in other words it's a way
for the parents to abort a grown child
who won't leave the house in this case
aborting the man at the house not an at
the fetus ubi is like abortion for adult
lazy people who don't want to work or
uncapable of working I suppose so so my
big point here is that the ubi doesn't
just help the person who guess it it's
helping the people who would have had to
pay for that lazy person's ass but now
they have a legitimate way to say look
you're not gonna starve to death when I
kick you out of the house and you could
work if you want to now it's just your
choice so you have to you have to figure
out the you know secondary and tertiary
effects the next thing is if you've ever
worked in a large organization or even
if you've worked in any small group of
people was the worst person you worked
with worth keeping was the laziest
person in your department worthy of
having a job not really the people who
are not good at working
they're unwilling or unable to do a well
can cause more trouble than they than
they fix so I would argue that for that
lowest let's say 10% of workers you're
not really losing much in the economy
and if we were not willing to let them
literally die on the streets somebody
who has a productive job is gonna have
to work harder sacrifice more and do
somewhat unproductive things to take
care of that person because we don't let
them die somebody's always taken care of
them and so those are the factors I
think you should put in there I don't
know if the numbers will ever work but
once we have a robot economy ubi is
guaranteed so I'll say that again ubi
will happen I would say that's a hundred
percent chance what it looks like and
when it kicks in our big questions but
there isn't the slightest chance it
won't happen as long as as long as the
robotic industry continues to grow and I
don't see anything that's going to
change that so if you're arguing about
whether ubi is good or bad you're on the
wrong topic ubi is coming there's
nothing that would stop it but it's when
and what's it look like that's the
question all right I was thinking about
persuasion in the context of climate
change and I'm going to talk about
climate change in a little more detail
in a minute but one of the things I
realize is that when we're talking about
aggressively going after climate change
it really means aggressively getting off
of fossil fuels now if you do not in the
same sense and say and we're going to
replace it with you know clean nuclear
different if we're not going to place it
replace that with generation four
nuclear we we have a very risky
situation and here's how I would frame
the green New Deal
I would frame it as risky
because what is the what is the reason
that people want to address climate
change the risk right it's a risk and I
think you could convince most people who
especially anybody over a 50 if you're
over 50 you're planning to be dead
before the before the climate is a
problem anyway even if if it is and so
you could convince those people to not
take a risk so if you're over a certain
age and I am it's risky to change the
whole system so I think one of the best
arguments against climate change is that
one word risk it's risky to get off of
fossil fuels unless you have a back-up
plan such as generation for nuclear
here's here's my current thinking on
climate change and I'm gonna bring in
March tighter to talk about generation
for nuclear in a moment if he's still on
there I think yes my my conclusion at
this point and this is important for you
to keep in mind the studies have shown
there's something like half of all
published scientific papers on science
in general turn out to be bad papers so
about half of science in general turns
out not to be right well let me say that
about half of the published papers
turned out to be not reproducible and
you know they don't last my let's put
this another way the minimum truth about
climate change looks like this if
climate change is real and it's it's the
dire emergency that many of the
scientists are saying if that's real it
would also be true that half of the
things said about it are probably not
true so you could have a situation where
half of all the science and all the
claims and all the studies about climate
change
just wrong and it would still be true
you could still have climate change
being a hundred percent a risk a hundred
percent driven by co2 and a hundred
percent really a big emergency that
could all be true at the same time that
50 percent of all the studies are just
clearly garbage and and fifty percent of
all the arguments are irrational those
could all be true at the same time and I
think that's the minimum case so that or
the best case the best case for climate
science is that half of the studies are
garbage so if you're a critic and you're
a skeptic and you're looking for things
to attack you could attack hundreds and
hundreds of things about climate science
you could attack hundreds and hundreds
of studies and you could be right you
could accurately debunk hundreds of
climate change studies and climate
change could still be true those things
would be completely compatible in fact
they would be expected the most expected
situation is that the skeptics could
have a field day just destroying climate
change arguments without having any
impact on the fact that the 50% that's
true
still still makes the case right now I
don't know if this is I'm describing
reality I just want you to know that
there is no reality no reality there's
no chance that all of the climate change
studies are true
there's none there's no chance that
because it would be the only science
ever in which that was the case so how
settled is climate change well I had dr.
Siobhan here yesterday talking about the
iris effect the iris effect is the idea
that when the the earth warms there are
certain types of clouds that essentially
open up like the iris of a camera in in
very generic sense to release some of
energy into the universe and
cool the planet so the idea is that
extra warming opens up a little lens
that that allows the the heat to go out
and therefore the the world stays in
homeostasis the number one thing I I
don't like about that idea is that it
feels like almost religious now there's
no religious claim involved and and dr.
she had never made any claim like that
but the way as strikes me is is why do
we why would the earth be
self-regulating unless were a simulation
the simulation theory would imagine that
you would program your environment so
it's self-regulating because there's no
point in putting your little humans in
your simulation if the whole if the
environment is going to blow up in a day
so the LEM the iris idea is compatible
with simulation theory which doesn't
mean either one of them are true
it's just compatible now how how settled
is climate change well you saw that
climate change had an idea that the
climates getting warm and it's a problem
and then we saw that dr. linson I
believe is the one who came up with the
iris idea and he published a paper that
seemed to suggest that the the earth is
somewhat self-regulating now that's what
dr. Shiva talked about predictably and
this is what I tell you happens every
time so so what I'm going to describe
happens on every conversation with
climate change I've never seen the
exception it goes like this here's a
paper that claims something immediately
people send me links to three papers
that debunked the iris hypothesis so
right away it's like is is is it a
settled here's this iris idea you know a
real scientist smart person showed his
work got his public his paper was
published but soon after that within a
year there are four more papers
poking holes in it so I of course
tweeted that within an hour I think dr.
Shiva had tweeted another another link
there was an even newer paper that
criticized the criticisms in other words
it was back to the original where the
Syrus thing looks pretty good after all
now are we done
no we're not done check with me in a
week
and there will almost certainly be
another paper that debunks that latest
paper and then come back in two weeks
and sure enough there'll be another
paper that debunks that paper until you
can't understand what's going on and
then you say well I'll just default to
whatever I believe before all right here
are some of the tells for a bad argument
a good argument tends to have one or two
good reasons and they're easy to explain
for example if I cut taxes I might have
a larger deficit one good clean reason
not to do it if I Institute ubi I will
hurt incentives one good clean reason
it's probably real if I get off of
fossil fuels it will be disruptive to
the economy in a bunch of different ways
that's really one reason that's a reason
here's what is not persuasive 200
reasons for the same point now if you
look at the skeptical science site which
is a good one in terms of its organized
well for the arguments and the counter
arguments and it shows something like
somewhere close to 200 skeptical
arguments and then it shows the you know
the science argument that debunks the
skeptical arguments now if you have 200
reasons that a theory is not good that's
telling you something is it telling you
that the theory is no good because there
are 200 reasons against it
now it's the opposite it's the opposite
if there are two hundred reasons against
the theory it's telling you that the
people who came up with those two
hundred reasons started with the
conclusion and work backwards meaning
they didn't believe the theory and they
looked and looked
until confirmation bias kicked in and
they found something that would be their
argument and they were all finding
different things because there wasn't
any real thing to find now this is not
like a you know a rule of physics where
if you've got 200 reasons against
something that's just proof it's not
real it's not that clean but as a tell
as a big red flag if there were one good
reason against the climate change
argument I would be you know I could be
persuaded we're depending on what that
reason was if there are two hundred
reasons and they're all different and by
the way they're all debunked that is a
very very strong indicator that the
arguments are invalid doesn't mean
they're all invalid you can't guarantee
it but you can't ignore that all right
I've asked here's another towel if you
ask a direct question of either a
skeptic or somebody who's an alarmist
the warmest if you will can you get a
direct answer to a direct question and
it's hard here's my direct question
there seems to be a difference between
the the skeptics and the alarmists on
this very very simple point and and I
want to suggest this I asked dr. Shiva
yesterday I said what would be the one
indicator the one thing you could
measure in the in the present that if
it's if it's going up every year that is
gonna definitely tell you there's
climate change you know that's that's a
problem what is the one thing there's
most dependable is it the melting of the
ice sheets
is it sea-level let's say at one place
where you know the land isn't changing
is it temperature of the oceans is it
temperature over land is a temperature
in the troposphere these are all the
things that they measure measure what is
the what is the very best gold standard
and here's the problem
if you talk to a skeptic they will say
the theory said that the temperature
would be X and that we would get these
various things and they didn't happen
therefore the theory is disproven do you
know what the scientists say we made
some specific predictions and they all
came true
therefore it's proven those two things
can't be the same it can't be true
simultaneously that all of your
predictions all of them I mean a hundred
percent all of your predictions did not
come true that can't be true at the same
time as a hundred percent of our
predictions came true they can't both be
true but those are the claims now how in
the world can we not at least find that
out and I would suggest that the first
thing we should do is talk about the
same topic because I know the skeptics
will say well we've had fewer super
storms and hurricanes and I think that's
probably true and then the scientists
will say look at those ice sheets just
like I said but our ice sheets the gold
standard and can we measure that to a
level that both skeptics and believers
would agree is a good measurement I
don't know so here's my challenge to
both the skeptics and the believers give
me the one gold standard the one thing
which if it's not changed five years
from now you'll say I guess we were on
and likewise to the critics yeah to the
critics of climate warmest yeah what is
the one thing that if it did change you
would change your mind and say oh wow I
didn't see that coming I guess there's
something here
if you can't both give me one of those
let's just agree that nobody knows what
they're talking about
all right let's talk to you let's see if
mark is still here huh I'm gonna add
mark and mark are you there
mark mark mark Schneider I can't hear
you
you have been added but I do not hear
you you may have you may have wandered
away
I'll keep you active until you either
fix your microphone or come back to us I
think I hear you mark yeah I'm on the
hearing aid for some reason it disables
my microphone ah is that all fixed now
all right ARC can you give us the the
brief version of your background so we
know where you're coming from all right
yes so I've been in the nuclear industry
since I was 18 sir for 20 years as a
nuclear power operator I made it up to
chief by the way that qualifies me to
drink coffee that's as thick as motor
oil and then I became an officer and
then I retired currently work at a
commercial power plant I have my
bachelor's degree in nuclear engineering
technology and then my wife engineering
I like to say that I have the nerdiest
pillow talk of all time all right all
right so you have a perspective that's
from the the inside of the industry and
I've been watching your periscopes which
are fascinating but sometimes more
technical than I can follow so I want to
ask some questions and I want you to
answer them as best you can without any
jargon just just give us the the big
points number one the current nuclear
power plants in this country our
generation - is that correct
yeah all the operating reactors in the
country are Gentoo and how many of them
are there roughly about 95 so we've got
95 second generation design of nuclear
in in Europe they have generation 3
yes I'd yes they do have some generation
3 there and what would be without a
technical explanation what what would be
the main advantage of generation 3 over
the ones that we have in this country
they have a a longer failsafe margin so
the generation - you can have meltdown
within 24 hours the generation 3 it's 2
to 3 days before you get into that kind
of problem has there ever been a
generation 3 they had a meltdown no
never
and how many generation threes do you
think there are worldwide what are your
30 probably and they've been around for
a few decades so 10 years the generation
3 has had zero meltdowns that's true
that's true now there's something called
generation 4 and none of those are in
operation are they or are they okay so
generation 4 is a catchphrase correct
that incorporates a number of different
designs does it include thorium and salt
and whatever the other things are yes so
it generates a wide array of power
plants of cooling mechanisms which is
the molten the molten salt and then it's
types of fuel which could be thorium
plutonium or uranium okay and then
within those designs is there a favorite
that you have that is unambiguously the
one we should be going for or is it
ready is there any question about which
is the good one so I have three that I
like it's the the molten salt is one
another one is molten lead and then the
last one is gas cool all right
so without without any and
nearing description tell us from the
user standpoint what is the functional
difference to us as just consumers in
terms of safety costs difficulty in
engineering and anything like that just
the highest level up stop stop okay
you're already too technical right yeah
so I don't I don't need to know the
advantage of materials okay just tell me
at the highest level are they safer yeah
they're safer and safer in the sense
that you could have a complete loss of
electricity for example know that in the
traditional sites if the electricity is
lost you can go into meltdown is that
correct that's correct yeah these one
what would prevent that in at a loss of
electricity situation okay so is there
any other situation other than a loss of
electricity that could cause a disaster
let's say let's say a terrorist
you know drops a bomb on one how big of
a problem is that if it's a generation
for a reactor that's actually the same
as a gen tear they're designed against
that they're designed against that yes
meaning that there's no sort of bomb
that could make one leak radiation that
is correct
they designed they designed the
containments for that I mean hold on
hold on are you saying that the bombs
would not be strong enough or that even
if it blew up there would be no
radiation the bombs would not be strong
enough to penetrate the containment uh
you know I suppose we would all have a
question in our heads you know couldn't
they make a stronger bomb but how about
something like an earthquake or or a
category five storm or they would a Gen
4 site be hardened against those against
that yes okay now designed against them
to bring the wrist down to effectively
zero or just lower than it would have
been well it's the it goes back to that
meltdown they designed meltdown out of
it so the the loss of
our would be taken away right so you
would melt down with without a loss of
power and that's the biggest concern is
loss of power okay but it the old
gentoos can actually blow up
can't they or is that is that a thing
they can but things generation four
can't really blow up right it so so let
me put it this way if something we
didn't see coming caused one of them to
have a leak whether it was aliens come
to earth and hit it with a laser you
know just something we hadn't thought
about where does the radiation just from
a Gen 4 just you know wipe out the
county or does it stay localized because
nothing exploded it would stay localized
how local is localized stay it stays
within a square mile or square 20 miles
it would stay most likely within the
site maybe a small area outside the site
depending on wind direction okay but
even the wind wouldn't necessarily take
it more than a few miles that's correct
and that's true right now okay so Jen
for you said there are there three types
that you like is there one of those
three that stands out for me it's the
molten lead now the mold led to how
close are we to being able to build one
for commercial use maybe five to ten
years and what would need to be
developed in order it's so so they're
apparently there's some more invention
that needs to be done or is it
engineering that needs to be done we're
at the engineering stage they I know
Russia has used molten lead before okay
so it would this be a case where if we
could iterate it more quickly we could
we could shorten that five to ten years
to you know closer survive yes and what
stops us from iterating it's the lack of
having a test site and approval to
iterate right yeah that's that's the
basic
right now now is that being solved by
what Rick Perry is doing at the
Department of Energy he created a site
for testing nuclear fuels but I don't
know if that's the same as testing
nuclear designs does it does it get us
everything we need to iterate or do we
need more we need more that you've got
the fuel and then you've got the design
so we've got the fuel part now but we
need the design portion is there any
reason that we couldn't do the design
portion in some remote place and feel
completely safe about it absolutely so
so it would just take some government
leadership to say alright we're going to
designate this this remote place and you
guys all can put your your reactors here
and if one blows up it's only gonna it's
only gonna you know take out a one mile
so we're all safe yeah so we have
existing sites that were once designated
and we could just go locate them you're
saying or we're actually where there's a
closed-down reactor we could we could
locate them and you'd also mentioned do
all of the generation 4 do they eat
nuclear waste or is that just some of
the designs within new generation 4 and
does that include the molten molten lead
I think you said yeah ultimate consumer
so the molten lead option I think I
heard you talk on your periscope that
the cost of building a site might be
maybe 10% of what it would cost to build
a gem - that would create the same
amount of power do I have that right now
but is that really 1/10 or are we
comparing you know if we look at the
original estimate for a gem - they would
have said well this will cost us only a
billion dollars but then you come back
later and it's tender
is it is it possible that the gen4 costs
are greatly underestimated just the way
we always underestimate nuclear but in
all likelihood it would be substantially
cheaper than what is already a pretty
cheaper form of energy which is nuclear
all right so in terms of how many of
these we could build do you think we
could even if we did sort of a Manhattan
Project and started iterating these gen4
designs do you think we could get to a
point where climate change is is
riskless all right what people people
get anxious with me I'm watching the
comments here because often I don't let
my guests talk but I do that I do that
just to make sure I've got a framework
then that makes sense
what would you like to tell us that I
haven't asked you something something we
need to know about generation for that
that I didn't ask well maybe when you
asked about exploding with the
generation 2 and this is why I went into
the water aspect is that it's the water
that causes the explosions and so that's
why generation 4 won't explode is when
you're eliminating waters or coolant it
makes them not be able to explode in the
same manner so and the issue with the
water is there has to be compressed that
you know many atmospheres so there's
there's something under pressure which
you don't have with the molten
is that right that's that's true so
that's one aspect the other aspect
actually is that at high temperatures
the water will split out and create
hydrogen and that's what caused the
explosions at Fukushima
okay alright somebody was asking about
cost to it so the Gen 4 just we already
talked about it but somebody asked here
would be about 10% of regular cost of a
regular site both but it's also possible
that that estimate could you know
multiply when you start building it all
right what else should we know about
generation 4 what's it what's the what's
the biggest downside if you if a critic
we're talking to you they'd say well
this won't work because why I would say
the biggest downside comes in to some of
the difficulties with using these new
cooling sources whether it's the lead or
the gas or molten salt because we don't
understand it as well because we haven't
we don't have the engineering down like
we do with water medium so so the risk
is primarily that we could not engineer
it in five to ten years
when it looks like it's doable but we
need we would need to iterate some
designs and do a lot of testing to get
there I heard you talking about some of
the related benefits of having nuclear
because what what happens is you've got
suddenly lots of inexpensive power and
when you have that it makes other things
possible that weren't possible before
because they weren't economical for
example mark question you you only use
about 1/3 of the heat from the plant to
make electricity you could use and
design into it the other 2/3 could be
used to say disseminate will card to
still water and make water out of that
and you have fresh water from say
saltwater so just like think about that
to the audience
think about the fact that a generation
for reactor could be built to create
electricity at a much lower cost and
lower risk at the same time it could be
using its extra heat to desalinate ocean
water and you could do everything from
you know populate a desert to I was I I
imagine this would be not possible but I
was imagining using the nuclear reactor
to pump your fresh water up to the top
of the hill so it can run down somewhere
you know many miles away and create
hydro but that probably doubles the
expense so if we the the other use for
power that I see is there a number of
startups that are creating technologies
for sucking co2 out of the air let's say
let's say that we decided we want to do
that someday and I know I know
there'll be 25 comments saying well what
if you take too much co2 out of the air
and then all our plants will die and I'm
gonna trust the science would know when
to pull back I don't think they'd pull
enough co2 out of the air that the
plants would die but you know I will
note that that's a risk but it seems to
me that these big devices for pulling
co2 and of the air are mostly an energy
cost I don't know if I'm right about
that do you suspect mark that that's
true that if you brought the cost of the
the energy for operating these machines
way down the suddenly it would be
economical absolutely the other thing
you could do with that is that during
your non peak periods so your peak power
period you know what everyone's using
electricity you got all your reactants
all your power plants making it for you
know the population but then when you
cut off those peak periods you could use
that power to say suck the carbon
dioxide out of the atmosphere and
convert it into something that's useful
operating a hundred percent at all times
right I see people are anxious about
that idea but and should be
all right um anything else you'd like to
add um you know actually I kinda want to
go back to your discussion about the the
Ralph Northam thing um you know about
the aborting babies after they're born
kind of thing okay I so a little
background on me is I had a daughter
that was born with some complications
and was at the hospital at Roth North
through who was educated and I will tell
you that the words that Ralph Northridge
said was the exact I the exact process
that I went through with my own daughter
so he was just describing what is normal
so just to kind of back that up in
discussions with that so I didn't vote
for Northland don't care for him but he
was about a percent right on that he was
just describing the existing process yes
yeah
yeah that was my that was my speculation
and thank you for that that's that's
good context all right so thanks mark
I'm going to wind up here and hope this
was good and interesting for everybody
and I will talk to you all tomorrow