the stock market isn't too happy today
big
surprise I do I always expected it would
have to pull back a little bit
surprising
nobody well let's get ready for a
show let me get my comments
working come on
baby all right everything's working this
morning including me
I need my first stol
though oh there we go that's
good good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to see if you can take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny sh tiny
human brains all you need for that is a
cup mugger a glass of tanker chal Ste a
canteen suer flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine the
end of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go Exquisite let me see if I can fix my
glare glare a little bit worse worse
better all right glare
fixed well if you're subscribing to the
Dilbert comic which continues every day
and you can get it on the
xplatform just look at my profile and
subscribe or you can get it on locals
you would know that Dilbert's
CEO is trying to do a doge project on
his own company trying to reduce
expenses and he's trying to do it with a
scalpel with a
scalpel not a chainsaw now not a real
scalpel but you know
figuratively um it's not working out
yeah it's not working out that well but
you'd have to subscribe to know what
went wrong now here's some news that is
a really big deal to
me it it won't mean anything to the rest
of you the rest of you won't care about
this a bit but this is
transformative to my actually daily
experience
so Amazon is finally coming up with a an
AI version of its digital assistant
whose name I will not say so I don't
activate yours at home but
Alexa and you know as you know I've been
hooked on that product for a long time I
have one in most of my rooms that matter
including this one and so my daily life
involves walking around and then when I
have a question I just say it out loud
you know I I just ask my digital device
as I'm walking through the room you know
what time is it what's the weather what
what will the weather be at this time
where's my package you know I always
have some kind of little question
sometimes math you know some some fact
but it's not great compared to Ai and it
doesn't always recognize what you're
asking whereas AI will be you know way
better at recognizing what you're saying
so my great dream
had been that my experience would be
like a Starship captain in my own house
and that I could literally ask anything
or even have a conversation with my
computer just by talking and it would
just hear me and talk back and it looks
like that's going to be available in a
month or so 19 1999 per month1
1999 wow I'm so glad it's not $20
cuz at $20 I would have said H you know
that's a little pricey but in 1999 I I
don't know am I being manipulated that
seems so
cheap
okay well Tesla was granted a patent on
some of the self-driving car technology
but what the patent spotters
spotted is that it's kind of a broad
pattern which means that other
self-driving cars seems like they would
likely violate the patent so here's just
sort of generally what the patent claim
is um I won't won't read it all but it's
basically a system with processors that
look at objects and use a visual to
figure out how to maneuver around Etc
and it makes me wonder is the reason
that Tesla got this patent so that they
can you have a competitive remote and
own the self-driving car world or and
this would be actually not surprising
could be because I think Tesla has a
history of giving away their patents or
making making them available to all this
one's a big one I mean this is the
patent of all patents if if they can
control essentially the idea of training
your car with lots of visual images and
then using sensors to predict where the
other objects are
that's kind of the entire game so unless
somebody uses I don't know only lar or
some other technology which seems
unlikely at this point would they just
own the entire category for as long as
the patent is on maybe the other
possibility is that it's a defensive
patent meaning that uh the other car
companies might intentionally or
accidentally be violating this pattern
but Tesla could be accidentally VI VI
ating someone else's patent because
there are so many patents on so many
things that you you can't make a product
like a new self-driving car without
almost guaranteed you're violating you
know a dozen patents you didn't even
know existed and then those patent
people can come after you and they can
pester you forever but if they're a car
company you can say wellow would you
like to trade patents and stay on a
court now I don't know if this is the
right kind of patent for for dealing you
know negotiating versus maybe you want
to keep it as a moat it's very
interesting just just knowing that this
exists and that the patent was
granted well you're all excited about
Epstein Island reveal day
right has it happened yet do we have a
timing yet for when the epin
files a small portion of them just a
tiny little sliver of them will be r
does it has that been announced yet
here's what I
expect the first release will be
underwhelming and it will not indicate
any Crimes by anybody that's what I
think oh noon so noon East
Coast okay that'll be fun so here's my
prediction so this it's based on the
real world right so in the real world
I don't think you're going to see the
good stuff ever I don't think it'll ever
come out I do think that since the
Administration has made such a big deal
about transparency they had to release
something they couldn't release
nothing so I think they're going to
release the things that are kind of
similar to what we already knew but
maybe it gives you a little detail about
who flew on the
flights and if you only knew who flew on
the flights
would you know who committed any
terrible crimes no because I don't
believe that 100% of the people who went
to the island or 100% of the people who
got in his plane or 100% of the people
who visited him and his one of his homes
I don't think a 100% of them committed
crimes I don't even know what percentage
I would think yeah I don't know if it's
10% or
90% but you cannot assume if somebody
took a
flight that they committed a crime you
could
assume that almost all of them were
targets and abtin was trying to get them
in a bad situation but that doesn't mean
they all accepted that you know there
there were a lot of sophisticated people
who probably could see through the whole
thing and just thought okay you know
I'll take some of the some of the offers
but I won't do this one you know I'm not
going to be in a room alone with
somebody underage for example so
I expect nothing so my my prediction is
nothing we'll see meanwhile uh Rubio cut
over $60 billion in waste from the state
department and usaid according to the
Daily wire but the first question you
have to ask is is this
new or is this just because he absorbed
us Aid and those cuts really are coming
mostly from usad I think that's probably
true so this looks like it overlaps what
we already knew but now we're calling it
The State Department instead of
usaid and they didn't cut 100% of usad
there's a few things he thought were
critical to
keep but here's why I don't do a lot of
reporting on the dollar
amounts I don't trust the
news to make sure that they're counting
everything once and that they're
counting it
correctly didn't uh I think Trump said
yesterday that he's looking for a
balanced budget by maybe next
year now that's what I wanted to hear
that's what I wanted to hear I think the
hardest budget to balance would be your
first one because you know you don't
have that much time you just got into
office you're you're looking for Waste
but they're still arguing over it and
there's still core cases and just
because you've identified it doesn't
mean it's really going to stay cut so
it doesn't surprise me if you're going
to need one year of damn it we're going
to run up the data a little bit more but
we didn't have enough Runway like we
didn't have enough preparation because
we just got into office so knowing that
the that his own Target Trump's is to
look for a balanced budget by the next
budget one year from now that would be
acceptable in fact I would consider that
amazing you know if you could get it
done by the second year nobody's going
to look at the first year and say the
first year was a failure like history
will look at that and say you got that
done by the second year that that'll be
incredible I I would be so
impressed if they balance the budget by
the second year and just knowing that
that's that's how they're looking at it
changes everything for me because you
know how much I was bitching about um
you know how could you possibly insult
Us by talking Non-Stop about cutting
costs and then giving us a budget that
doesn't do that how could you insult us
that much but all I needed to hear was
that we're targeting next year to hit
that Target now that might be true it
might be hyperbole might be wishful
thinking we don't know yet but I don't
think Trump knows either but we don't
know what Doge will look like a year
from
now but that little bit of clarity of of
when they think they can get it done
that changes everything for me it really
does it just reframes it as oh this is
the preparation year where we learn
everything about how everything works
you know the stuff we didn't know and
then next year is the
execution uh perfect if you can get it
done in two years I'm not going to
about the first year but um you know I
think everybody on social media's been
laughing about this next story so Jake
Tapper has a book out with co-author
Alex Thompson called called Original Sin
and it's all about how all the bad
people kept the secret of Joe Biden's
mental
decline yeah all those bad
people now you know why this is funny
because it's Jake Tapper and CNN and CNN
and most people are saying Jake Tapper
were um very much
very much uh kind of not talking about
the obvious degradation of Biden now I
think what CNN and maybe Jake Tapper
need to do is reframe it from the news
was lying to you the entire time which
is what I believe to be true the reason
I believe that is everybody could see
that Biden was
degraded uh I called it out in
2019 there
probably I don't know 50 Public figures
who called him out in public around 2019
uh that doesn't look like a brain that's
working what's it going to look like in
four years and accurately we predicted
it and so the thought that so the the
reframe that the news business needs and
Jake Tapper needs is that the news
business could not have possibly deduced
this without The Insider is telling them
so he so he talks to all the Insiders I
guess 200 or something quite quite a few
and then they get the story of what was
really happening behind the scenes which
by the way is interesting enough that I
recommend the book I haven't read it but
if you'd like to know how ugly it was
behind the scenes I think it's probably
a good source if they really talk to
that many insiders who were willing to
talk because you know the administration
is over
so I'll bet you that the book is
actually fascinating and I recommend it
but I you can't you can't Overlook the
fact that it's an attempt to rewrite
history a little bit not a little bit a
lot yeah the poor press how could they
have possibly known without those
insiders telling
them anyway there's yet another clip of
Scott Jennings on a CNN panel speaking
of
CNN and I swear to God
uh he keeps chewing up the you know the
the guests in the panel that are the
anti-trumpers who are all crazy but now
what I watch it it's like they're
they're finding new sheep to feed to the
lion and Jennings is has been so
successful in turning the other
panelists into clowns that it looks like
just there's a lion sitting at the table
and CNN is like I got you new sheep m
delicious and then we watch him just
Chow Down on the new
sheep um
so the the latest one I think they got
the new the new stupidest one they've
ever had on the panel so that the new
stupid guy is warning you just wait
until Trump steals our democracy now I'm
paraphrasing but they literally are
relying on the fact that he hasn't done
anything yet because Scott Jennings says
what would be an example of him stealing
your
democracy and they don't have anything
but the best that the new stupid guy the
new sheep said
was he's going to steal it in the future
in the future you'll feel dumb after he
steals our
democracy and then Scott Jennings slays
him and eats him in front of the
camera I'm starting to wonder if it's
intentional uh it makes me wonder if the
producers say to themselves all right we
we seem to get a lot of crossover
viewers who are just watching just only
watching to watch Scott Jennings slay
the SL of the sheep and so maybe they're
thinking they don't want somebody who
might be a fair fight you know somebody
who could actually make a good argument
you know one of the good lawyers for
example they they have a million lawyers
right I I would say that probably 100%
of the guests the CNN could have on who
have degrees or experience let's say as
lawyers would not look like any of the
sheep they're putting on the people
that're putting on just don't even know
how to put a coherent argument together
so even even if you allow that you know
it's a difference of political opinion
the lawyers do a pretty good job in
defending themselves because they're
experts but they're just putting on
people who don't have any skill and and
just letting Jennings just slaughter
them so maybe it's intentional
it would be kind of clever I'll bet I'll
bet the shows with Jennings do well
relative to what they've had on that
time period before meanwhile Gavin Nome
has introduced his own
podcast now of course he's being widely
mocked because we like mocking him no
matter what he does but uh I watched it
for about three
minutes and uh here's my
update um he's not the new Joe Rogan
yeah
I'm pretty sure he's not the new Joe
roken he is hard to listen to and it's
because there's something wrong with his
energy did anybody watch it it's his
energy now I'm not going to make an
accusation I can't back up I will just
say that if you were to look at his
behavior he looks like he's on something
you know what I mean and I'm not judging
because a lot of people are wrong a lot
of things and sometimes me um so it's
not a judgment but if as a as a worker
not a work as an
observer um if I see somebody talking
you in a relaxed way like uh any of the
all-in Pod um you know sort of joking
and relaxed or Rogan joking and relaxed
that's who I want to spend time with but
you but you look at uh at newsum and
he's he's got this energy that's a
little bit too much energy for sitting
in a chair and it feels like he's just
got too much and is trying to get out of
him and it just makes me a little
nervous because of all the energy and I
say to myself did you have a lot of
coffee is a caffeine CU I hope it's just
caffeine CU it looks like you got really
strong C coffee
there and I can't get past it so if he
if he can't find some way to
relax I I don't know how many people can
watch that but but he might be able to
get that you know as I've often said I
remember watch watching Conan O'Brien
when he first got a a nighttime show and
the first I don't know first several
months of Conan he had that same problem
not from any drugs as far as I know but
he just seemed
nervous and you can't really watch a
nervous person it just makes you nervous
but over
time he you know picked up all the right
skills got comfortable with it became
you know one of the best in the business
and doesn't have any of that nervous
energy or or when he does he makes it
work so so it's possible that Nome is
just knew and he'll figure it out but
wow hard to watch at the
moment all right um agricultural
secretary Brook Rollins has a billion
dollar plan to lower egg prices a
billion dollar plan to lower egg
prices what costs a billion dollars I
don't know the details of the plan but
there's some thought that they'll do a
little less culling of the chickens you
know killing them because they have some
bird flu and a little more maybe letting
them build up immunity and whatever else
but uh a billion
dollars if you just gave a direct
subsidy to the eggs of a billion dollars
you know economically that would be a
bad idea a but how much would that lower
the price of eggs per person probably
not that much we eat a lot of eggs
anyway it doesn't seem like egg prices
should be a multi-year problem does
it because you could you can basically
create a new chicken in just like weeks
and then it's only a few weeks until the
new chicken can have can lay
eggs so in what world can the United
States not sold the chicken shortage in
6 months what what was going wrong so
this would be a good test of the uh
Trump Administration in my opinion what
went wrong is competence there must have
been a competence problem so now
introducing a new cast of characters and
the I think the Trump Administration is
the best ever um maybe that's all it
takes maybe you just needed smarter
people but we'll find
out anyway you probably all saw video
from the uh big well attended and
publicized cabinet meeting that chump
had he had all his cabinet people in one
room and Elon Musk was not at the table
because he's not a Cabinet member but he
was in the outside chairs and he got a
chance to speak and the Press was there
and they asked a bunch of questions and
it was great transparency and it was a
great show and it was great TV it looked
like The Apprentice on steroids Trump
knows how to put on a show
so the the one thing I always say about
him is he understands the value of the
show you know his critics will say hey
he's just a TV guy you know and all he
cares about is how things look and stuff
well obviously he's full of substance so
he's got more substance than any
president's ever had in his second term
is pretty obvious especially with the
EOS but he also has that extra skill you
know his skill stack Trump
skill stack includes how to put it on a
TV show you know where to where to light
it what the room should look like
whether or not the camera should be
there he knows that stuff and you you've
seen him direct things when they do the
little video before the interview starts
you know he'll be asking questions like
you know is that light good you know
maybe you should move this over there
and he's usually right on by the way if
you get interviewed a lot you end up
doing that you know I've I've been
interviewed I don't know many hundreds
of times and and photographed and photo
shoots many hundreds of times and you
end up you end up being the director of
your own photo shoot so I can't tell you
how many times um after I became you
know extremely experienced in the
process the photographer would come in
and say something like all right H let's
look at the house and I'll figure out
where to photograph you and you know
what positions and then I'll say all
right uh here's this big dilber cutout
uh and it'll be yes yes we'll put that
big dilber cut out and like yeah just
like every other
photographer just like 100% of the other
photographers they got to put that
Dilbert cut down in there uh and then
I'll say well you know you should
probably get some photos of me at my
drawing my drawing tablet you know so
they can see what it looks like when I'm
creating the cartoon the photographer
will be like yes yes that's exactly
right yeah put you at the desk and then
I'll arrange the desk and I'll be like
okay we're going to we're going to cheat
the monitor in this direction it it'll
look good on camera and if you close
those blinds you you'll have the black
out and then I can use the uh I can use
the ring cameras over here and the
photographer will be yes yes that's
that's exactly
right so it's definitely a thing that if
you get photographed enough and you're
in enough videos and you're in the
public enough you end up being your own
director because you know what works so
you just become an active partner with
the with the production crew and they
like it they like it they don't have to
do what you say because it's still their
production but they definitely take the
good the good suggestions they
do anyway so he puts on this great show
which was great TV great stuff and it
was transparent it it made you think you
know that you could ask any questions
and the Press could ask any questions
and there's one there's one event where
a reporter asked asked um he asked Elon
Musk because musk got up and uh spoke a
little bit he asked Elon Musk if anyone
in the room meaning the cabinet members
mostly if anyone in the room wasn't
happy about his work on
Doge now of course that's a messed up
stupid are you still beating your spouse
kind of question you know is it's just
sort of a troublemaking question right
it's it's not even pretending to be
useful for the public do you think the
public really cared about which cabinet
members were on board with
Doge oh oh no what if the what if the
head of the Interior is not fully on
board what we don't care it's just it's
just a troublemaking question to try to
sew some division well Trump being Trump
and knowing everything about public
appearances and everything about a show
Trump interrupts and he takes the
question
so it wasn't directed to Trump but he's
smart enough and quick enough that he
knew where to take this he he's so good
at the moment his understanding of a
moment is unparalleled trums and he goes
he goes uh basically I'll take this he
goes to the room he goes anybody unhappy
with Elon if you are we'll we'll throw
them out of
here so he turns it into a joke which is
perfect do you remember remember the
first uh debate when he was first
running for office the Rosie O'Donnell
question did he answer the question no
it was a troublemaking question he
turned it into a joke and the joke
became the the viral video so he did it
again and the joke became the viral
video and nobody gave a Flying Fig about
the question all they cared is that he
put on a better show than the reporter
did
that's it he just put on a better show
and then he got all the attention and
the reporter looked like a
clown but it gets better uh so everybody
laughs and they laugh and they clap so
they look like they're agreeing agreeing
with Trump and then musk was still
standing you know for his part because
he was he was the center of attention
for just that moment and he said this he
said president Trump has put together I
think the best cabinet ever literally
and I do not give false praise this is
an incredible group of people I don't
think that such a talented team has
actually ever been assembled I think
it's literally the best cabinet the
country has ever had and I think the
country should be incredibly
appreciative of the people in this room
now I agree with that 100% I've never
seen a
more um I'm going to
say I I don't even know if capable is
the right
answer but
um people I trust let's put it that way
so there there's some people who don't
have as much experience as you'd expect
for that job but I definitely trust them
and I trust them to be fast Learners and
I trust them to be on point uh I trust
them to have their priorities straight I
trust them to root out Dei I trust them
to get rid of the the bad eggs I trust
them to cut expenses and I trust them to
make adjustments quickly when they make
mistakes so my level of trust is just
through the roof I mean this is this is
a
seriously powerful group of people it's
very impressive but that's not what I
wanted to talk
about uh there's this one thing that uh
musk said in that which is this sentence
he said and I do not give false
praise and you know then he praise them
now think about that superpower that he
has imagine if Trump said I don't give
false praise you would kind of laugh
wouldn't you because Trump basically
Praises everybody who's on his team and
and insults everybody who isn't so most
people most people in the public do give
false praise they just care if you're on
their team that's it but when I heard
this when mus said I don't give false
praise I thought to myself oh my God how
many people have earned that that's a
superpower the superpower is that he can
say something of this magnitude that
it's the best group of people ever
assembled for this sort of thing and you
say to yourself he actually means that
that's like a legitimate opinion with no
Hyperbole and that's what I think I
think that is a no hyperbole legitimate
actually his opinion and that he has the
credit ability built over a lifetime you
don't get that you don't get that
overnight where he can say this sentence
and I do not give false praise nobody is
going to laugh at that nobody the Press
didn't pick it up right the Press didn't
say oh yeah he says he doesn't give
false praise but look at this
compilation clip of all the false praise
he gave before nope there's no
compilation clip of that because he
doesn't give false
praise it's just l ly true what a
superpower what a superpower to be able
to say that in public and have nobody
question you about it that's it's really
remarkable um I saw a post on next from
the libs of Tik Tock and it was a
summary of all the things that came out
of the meeting I won't read the whole
summary because some of them you've
heard before but it was the most useful
news that I saw about the the meeting
because it was just really tight and
long it was a long list but it was a
tight bullet point did this did this did
this did this and I thought to myself
there's something
happening in the prot Trump World that I
can't figure out what the cause of it is
but it's a really big thing and what it
is is there are a whole bunch of um
individual or independent
superstars who have just entered the
fight not right away you know some over
over time but really special uh analysts
and voices the libs of Tik Tok started
out as just mocking weird liberal stuff
on Tik Tok that was it that that was the
whole game but now has completely
transformed because you know it's sort
of you can't just mock people on Tik Tok
all day long and expect much out of that
but now Libs of Tik Tok is transformed
into what today was the best summary
I've seen of the news it's the best
summary now there's a reason that the
libs of Tik Tok can do the best summary
it's because the news needs to sell
advertising so they can't do summaries
they have to write a lot and then they
fit a lot of advertising on that page
because there's a lot of text there or
they have to have a TV show where it
goes for half an hour so they can fit in
lots of commercials but Libs of Tik Tok
can just say here's a 12 things you need
to know boom boom boom boom boom boom
boom so it's it's like filling a space
that was absolutely
useful and additive and really good work
so you should follow lips of Tik do but
the other ones in the same space are
data Republican who just came out of
nowhere and turns out to uh I may have
this story wrong because I just saw
hints of it before I went live but did
data Republican who if you don't know
who that is you really just need to look
it up on X um an amazing data analyst
who just is just doing amazing work with
the Doge uh discoveries and putting them
in context and letting us know who's
connected to who and where the money's
flowing and you know what people are
connected to other people the the real
stuff the stuff that really really helps
you understand it because the surface
stuff doesn't help oh usaid
spend $60
billion okay is that good or bad who got
it was there a reason for it but then
you get to the data Republican level and
suddenly everything becomes bright
brightly you know clear uh everything
has a clean Edge and you understand it
for the first
time and I think data Republican is
building some kind of tool that would
let you see who's connected to
what you know I always tell you that
what happened won't tell you anything
you have to know who who happened you
you got to know the players or you don't
know
anything so you know I always use Norm
Eisen as my example and I'm not going to
I'm not going to give away what my
opinion is of his work but if you see
Norm Eisen attached to any
story you need to go a little
deeper yeah so
sorry Libs of tikto is run by a uh wait
let me get the name right
Chia Chia
raek so just to give credit but then I
would add Mike Ben who seemed to come
out of nowhere and be the best explainer
of how the real world Works in terms of
our funding and uh the intelligence
people and what we're trying to do with
other countries and all the dirty tricks
then you got a Michael shellenberger who
comes out of nowhere and
suddenly he's putting everything in
context from nuclear energy to all the
bad behavior in the government and
probably the best I think shellenberger
is the best independent journalist at
the moment I think he's the best in the
business um and I could go on right I
can name a bunch of other people I I'm
going to put myself on the list so my
own little domain is reframing things
helping you look at it in a different
way and putting the dilber filter on
things so you know okay in the real
world you know sort of a dilbur world
what would it really look like so that's
something I can add that is a little bit
unique and then I add the persuasion
filter so you can look at things from a
persuasion view as opposed to a policy
view now there's nobody on the Democrat
side who does what data Republican does
Mike Ben does Sheldon Berger does or I
do and and again that's just four
examples or livs of Tik Tok
even the the fact that such um effective
people just rose up and there's this
whole independent reporting Network
because I can name another 12 people who
are doing a great job of identifying the
stories you need and and bringing them
up and adding just the right amount of
summary so that we can understand them
quickly and then move on to the next
story
unbelievably strong independent
reporting independent analysis
independent data independent history how
about Victor Davis Hansen who who's the
Victor Davis Hansen on the Democrat side
they've got a bunch of historians that
are just obviously just
liars and then we've got Victor Davis
Hansen who who's like probably the best
the best I've ever seen in that kind of
work and they've got literally just
historians they use in my opinion they
use them as professional Liars they they
don't even seem like they're being
serious so and then on top of that on
top of
that uh Elon Musk gets to be sort of a
king maker on x
and uh I think it was yesterday maybe
the day
before I uh made a comment on you know
one of the posts doesn't matter which
one it is something political I think it
was a post
on uh there was a survey that said 75%
of
Democrats uh didn't think that the
Border was open
intentionally and I made some comment on
it reposted it and then uh Elon uh musk
he uh he
he made a comment on it too so it was on
on my post and the last I checked that
over 30 million
views now what do you think that does to
an individual voice on X if if you just
get a little tap on the shoulder from
from Elon Musk you get 30 million views
now um if you watch Elon musk's post
you'll see that he has he has a little
constellation of I don't know how many
people I'm going to say several dozen so
there's several dozen people that he's
identified as voices he wants to look at
every day
so um I think he's boosted or replied to
my posts just mine um several times this
year I don't know the exact number but
let's say a handful of times just since
the beginning of the year and other
people as well and so he becomes the the
person who gets to say I think a million
you know 30 million more people should
see this idea or this person and it's
incredibly powerful do do the Democrats
have anything like that where one of
them can make some other strong player
who's way way below them in let's say
you know power and can just boost their
message right to the top I don't know
I'm not sure they can do it and then we
talk about the podcast
world where the conservative world has
created an
unbelievably good
podcasting uh what would you call
environment or architecture or platform
and they're all
Independents like like you know of
course Joe Rogan's the standard right
but then the all-in Pod just bursts on
the scene I don't know was it year or
two ago the all in pod just had such
smart um insightful people that it just
went bang and you know they they don't
lean completely right but that's part of
their value that uh that you can see
both sides and then you look at the
Megan Kelly show the Megan Kelly show in
my opinion is probably one of the
greatest podcast successes ever because
it has all the production quality has
you know the very best onair personality
you're ever going to see and every bit
of it um is interesting like I probably
consume I don't know five or six reals
from just Megan Kelly show every day and
they're always good and everything she
says is worth listening to now do they
have that you know maybe a maybe uh
maybe they have some podcasts that are
doing a well okay in terms of um
viewership but I don't think think they
have as many superstars it it feels like
the political the political right just
absolutely owned podcasting because they
had to because they they were shut out
from most of the major Media or you know
there were the major media would look
like
enemies so yeah the the success of
individuals just saying you know I got
to take control of
this here's what it is I I feel like
when there's a successful Democrat
leading leaning show of any sort whether
it's a podcast or whether it's um you
know on a on a traditional platform it
feels like it's coming from the top as
in hey we need a Joe Rogan who's our
best person and then somebody gets
pulled in like you know Gavin Nome or
something and it's artificial it's just
somebody trying to do the thing that was
the missing thing I don't think a single
one of the people I mentioned who are
podcasters on the right I don't think a
single one of them said I have to fill a
spot there's an empty spot I have to
fill it I think every one of them said
what can I do that's
additive what can I do that's additive
and then within the constraints of you
know a media that doesn't allow
everybody to do
everything and podcasting was it and
they just said I could add to this and
then they
did so there is something beautiful and
magical about what's happening on to so
many strong voices on the right that I'm
just so impressed and I don't know
what's causing it the the only thing I
could think of is that right leaning
people feel that their Destiny is in
their own hands that's the best I can
come up with because if you think your
destiny is in your own hand you say what
can I do how can I help but also how can
I monetize it which is perfectly Fair
that's our system and I think the people
on the left are like uh who's going to
tell me what I should do to win so our
team wins I mean it's something
completely different driving them so I
don't think it's an accident that the
most talented people are all on the same
side there's something behind
it all right here's my favorite story I
I like to have at least one story that I
can really sink my teeth in and here's
an example that that clarifies my last
point I'm going to give you a spin on
something oh we used to use that word
right a spin I'm going to call it a
reframe I'm going to reframe something
and when you see it you're going to
laugh because you didn't see it already
you ready for this what is msnbc's main
thrust of their
commentary for weeks and weeks the
answer is anti-d Doge oh doge is causing
chaos doge is not communicating enough
with people doge is causing a fall off
in uh morale doge is causing confusion
and flight and people are leaving and we
don't know if all the work will get done
right now first of all can you
confirm that that's MSNBC is almost
their total message for weeks and weeks
and weeks right
right now here's the fun part this is
where the Dilbert filter comes
in they're doing massive reorganization
and cost cutting at
MSNBC at the same
time they're doging themselves at the
same time they're criticizing Elon Musk
Doge now here's the fun part they say
that the real doge is causing chaos
Morel is bad there's confusion the
communication is not
sufficient let me ask you this if you
could find one of their fired staff
members who just got fired in this big
reorganization what do you think they
would say about how MSNBC is handling
their own little Doge do you think
they'd say you know unlike the
government they communicated so well
they LED with empathy
uh there was no chaos whatsoever and the
morale was still high even while we were
getting
fired what do you think and so I
challenge the independent the
independent voices see if you can
find even one staff member who got fired
or doesn't know where they're going to
end up now if they're still with the
company they're not going to talk but if
you can find somebody that is fired
who's a little bit disgruntled
why don't you ask them if their
experience is
exactly exactly
exactly what Rachel madow is criticizing
the big Doge of doing because it
is so they're IM they're exactly in the
middle of their own little Doge that you
know because if you've lived in the real
world for a minute and a half you know
that nobody can do as extensive changes
as MSNBC is trying to do with you know
they're they're getting rid of they they
just cut Rachel madow
staff after she complained about them
being
racist do you think there's any
chaos do you think the morale is just
terrific that they're so happy that the
staff got
cut well this couldn't be more perfect
so that's my challenge find me that
staff member
because they're going to have something
to say about the
MSNBC firings meanwhile the White House
has ejected according the post
Millennium Hayden Cunningham is writing
uh that the White House is ejecting the
huffling post and Reuters and some
Foreign Press from the cabinet
meeting
now imagine working for the Huffington
Post and your organization has spent 10
years just absolutely
defecating on every Republican that has
ever lived and
especially especially on Trump and and
then they would be insulted that they're
rejected yeah what what did they
expect I if you're
non-stop you know right crapping group
of course you're going to have a little
push back so yeah it's perfect all right
here's another great one um governor
priter JB
pritsker he was on
MSNBC and um I saw a a post about it on
X and I thought oh that's fake because
there was a quote attributed to him that
looked like you know obviously made up
because nobody could be that stupid but
it came from a source that didn't look
like it was a joke so I thought hm could
this possibly be something that actually
came out of his mouth so I had to play
the video to find out if the quote there
was in the the post was actually real
it's real here's what he actually
said I promise I'm not making this up
quote from JB pritsker the prices at the
grocery store are going up because
democracy is being taken
away oh my
goodness oh my
goodness they can't stop with the
intersection ality stuff you know the
intersectionality is um okay you might
be black but what if you're also gay you
know that's two things um and I feel
like there there's some kind of instinct
to connect everything that doesn't need
to be connected and so somehow he's
trying to put together the price of eggs
with the the Democracy being stolen
around and and as uh Scott Jennings
proved on the CNN panel uh they don't
really have examples of anybody losing
their democracy so the democracy has not
yet been stolen I guess they're waiting
for that any minute uhoh they took my
democracy when I wasn't paying attention
um but yeah once that democracy goes
away well there's your price of eggs
your price of eggs is going to go right
through the roof now
seriously is there anyone smart left on
the left
anyone I I did hear that John at an
offer to Elon Musk to do an interview
and I guess Elon said yes um with a
couple of conditions is unedited and
it's on X now I don't know if Stuart has
agreed to that because he might want to
do it for his own podcast but he might
he might do
it
and um at least John Stewart is capable
of understanding an argument on each
side now he might not embrace it but
he's capable of understanding it and
then even repeating it back so that
could be the most interesting
conversation of the entire year I am so
down for that you you haven't seen
anybody on the right interview musk who
could actually ask good questions could
actually accept that some things are
good and some things are bad could
accept that maybe his intention is not
to destroy the country or just make
money you know just get rid of the crazy
stuff
because here's what I don't think John
Stewart will ever say I don't think
he'll say Elon Musk uh you're stealing
my democracy what do you say about that
I don't think he's going to ask that
question because it's a dumbass question
and obviously he knows that so wow I'm
there for that I'd love to see that
conversation anyway Trump and zinsky are
supposed to meet on Friday for the big
mineral deal I I think I'm going to not
hold my breath
that the mineral deal is going to go off
smoothly but at the moment it looks like
they have a mineral deal um I'm going to
wait a little bit on the details because
I think we're still in fog of war and
there might be some last minute tweaks
to it but the basic idea is that we
would be partners in some kind of a
mineral exploration deal they would make
some money we would make some money um
allegedly both sides have backed down on
something so uh Ukraine backed down on
security
guarantees because presumably they
thought it was good enough that that
America would have a big financial
interest in the country and that might
be enough to incentivize America to
protect its own interests which would
protect Ukraine at the same time so it
could be that they don't need it to be
explicit if it's sort of built into the
business model I guess um let's see what
else and then uh then the US uh is not
going to try to claw back 500 billion
from their natural resources they're
just going to split the money and what
looks like
a better deal and uh apparently there's
some bigger picture things that they've
not told us about so so there might be
some non-mineral related
stuff now here's here's what I think is
the amazing part of this
story while we're watching
one of the greatest things I've ever
seen any leader ever do is happening and
I don't see anybody calling it out as
directly as I'm going to call it
out we don't know if this is going to
work yet right so it's too too early to
say the you know the mineral deal is a
spectacular success but it looks good at
the moment it looks looks like it has a
pretty good chance of working um but
here's my take if Trump succeeds in
reframing a hot War into a series of
business deals that are good for
everybody in the history of
leadership that will be the greatest
thing anybody ever did if it holds now
I'm not naive Putin is Putin we know
that we can't predict or trust what he
does we know that people with the best
of intentions you know maybe things
don't work out we know that
implementation might matter as much as
having a good idea so if it's not
implemented properly it doesn't work a
million things could go wrong I get it I
get it you don't have to tell me that it
could go wrong I get
it but just think about this he's on the
verge of
maybe reframing an actual Hot War into a
business
deal and so far all sides have entered
his
frame they've all entered his frame
nobody else can do
that you're you're seeing a Once In A
Thousand
Years set of
talent from Trump and and the people
that he's he's hired to help him this is
so
unprecedented and
unprecedented that and and I haven't
seen anybody report it the way I just
described it have you have you seen
anybody describe it the way I did every
Everybody Knows the fact
but has anybody described this as the
greatest
reframe maybe in history like who ever
did anything even close to this if you
can turn a hot War into a business deal
where everybody wins and it sticks and
of course I'll say it again we don't
know if it'll work we don't know if
it'll stick we don't know if Putin will
just use it as you know a delaying
tactic until he does worse things
maybe but it defin has a chance of
working and and more than a good chance
he got a solid chance of working
incredible
incredible anyway this is also
incredible so Senator Jim Banks and
representative cat kamik they're
introducing a bill to defund NPR because
it's a liberal propaganda Network they
say now I don't know if that means NPR
would go out a business where they just
have less funding but um I don't care
about the NPR part of the story maybe
it'll work maybe it won't here's the
bigger
picture
Trump has created a situation in which
everyone in the government in every
every way from Congress to every one of
the um the cabinet positions to all of
his
appointments they're competing to see
who can do the best job of reducing
costs
did I just tell you that Trump reframing
a hot War into a business deal is the
greatest thing anybody ever did in
history if Trump pulls off reframing
governments as a competition among peers
to see who can cut the government cost
the
most Standing
Ovation standing evation
[Applause]
now to be
clear to be clear and to be fair uh I'm
not excited about the cost cutting
yet I I think there's going to be a
whole bunch of we thought we could cut
that but we didn't get as much you know
where people will argue about whether
the numbers are accurate and even though
even though doge is showing exactly what
they're doing and they publish it so
there's a lot of messiness to come but
the hard
part the hard
part was the
reframe he turned it from a bunch of
people just I don't know what pursuing
their own self-interest in the
government what was the old model into
literally their publicly
competing publicly competing to see who
can cut the most fat and waste and fraud
out of their own their own departments
or their own
domains when would when have you ever
seen that
never never you've never seen it it's
never been done in the history of the
whole freaking world it's never been
done and you're watching it being done
right in front of
you have I ever mentioned there are some
things that America can do that nobody
can come
close you know I I have I have plenty of
criticism for my own country as a
patriot you know I love it of course
uh and you know we're not perfect you
know we we make a lot of false starts
we've done a lot of things we wish maybe
we hadn't done Etc but there are just
some things nobody else can do Europe
can't do that China can't do that Japan
can't do that name a country that can do
that even when melee did it I don't know
that he got everybody to
compete I I think maybe he just took the
chainsaw I could be wrong might have he
might have actually pulled that off in
Argentina but this is
incredible if if you think of it in
terms of the
reframe then suddenly it goes from just
a thing they're trying to do to
Holy Cow are you kidding me he pulled
off that making them compete to see who
can cut the cost the most
unbelievable
wow let's compare that to the main focus
under the prior
Administration so the main focus the
thing that gets you attention the thing
that will get you the uh the most praise
from the president is how you cut costs
and made it work what would have been
the same kind of focus different Focus
but what what would have been the Biden
Focus I'm not making this up this was
the Biden
focus it was
uh it was you got promoted if you cared
the most about people's
genitalia what color the genitalia is
and what is being done with
it that was the Biden Focus how' that
work out for you did the country get
really better A lot better when the
focus was uh
genitalia what color it was and what it
was being used for that was your
government we actually live through
that I mean just think about that we
went from caring about your
genitalia and everybody else's I guess
and how it all fit together to competing
to reduce waste and fraud in the
government talk about the Golden
Age oh my
God meanwhile uh you know case in point
Lee zeldon of the EPA plans to cut 65%
of it in other words he's competing
he's publicly competing to see how much
he can cut in his own domain
unbelievable so
good uh over at HUD the housing housing
group there HUD um according to just the
news HUD secretary Scott Turner
announced yesterday I guess um they're
going to terminate some rules that uh
had been terminated under the Trump
first term but then Biden put him back
in place and I guess it was a rule I'm
I'm just going to paraphrase because it
gets a little technical the rule was we
can't build a house for you unless your
genitalia is the right color and uh it's
being used for the right
things okay I'm probably exaggerating a
little bit but that's basically what it
was it was sort of Dei in housing so the
federal
government put restrictions on what you
could and could not do because it had to
be diversity in inclusive and it created
a whole bunch of obstacles to building
anything so it probably just made the
cost of housing go up because it it
created a situation where a lot of
people would say uh I don't even know
how to satisfy all those rules so I'm
not even going to bother so getting rid
of burdensome rules doesn't mean that
you're getting rid of diversity doesn't
mean that you're getting rid of anything
you wanted it just means that if the
state States want to put those if the
states want to put those I know some
kind of rules on themselves I guess they
can but he's just saying that the
federal government isn't going to
prevent you from building h Homes how
great is that the federal government is
not going to prevent you from Building
Homes thank you I just want the federal
government not to prevent me because the
state will do a good job of making sure
my home doesn't fall down on its own you
know that it's safe it's built in a
place I can ensure I mean all working
out in the
state so that's good
um meanwhile there's a new Trump trump
picked a pardon are a pardon are so
somebody to help him decide who to
Pardon and who he picked was Alice Marie
Johnson who you might remember was um
pardoned or did she come out during the
the first step thing were I think she
was just pardoned right and she was a
famous pardon and she's a a black woman
who I think uh was involved in some drug
stuff way long ago but was in jail for
what was an unreasonable amount of time
in my opinion and uh even van Jones who
had worked on that Pro that that process
of you know allowing people to get out
of jail earlier um he was praising Trump
for picking uh Alice Marie Johnson as
The gons are now I appreciate that now
again I'm not telling you that van Jones
turned Republican uh or that everything
he says next you're going to agree with
so it's not about that it's just you
know it's like a little uh flower
growing out of the sidewalk you know if
if you hear somebody on the left say
okay I can't even argue with that one
that's just a good
idea um there's a uh AI
created a video of what Gaza would look
like if Trump got to redevelop it and I
guess Trump actually reposted it on
Truth um but uh what's funny is uh it
shows a giant golden statue of trump in
in what what would be a Gaza that looks
like a you know a Seaside luxury resort
perfect situation and then I think
there's a part of it shows him lounging
side topless with uh Benjamin
Netanyahu which I didn't see that part
but that's funny there something with
Elon Musk there and the fact that Trump
reposted it when it shows a giant golden
statue of
trump again it's just something that
Trump can do you know Biden couldn't do
that like nobody else could do that he's
the only one who could repost that and
you would understand it's just a mild
troll it's just a little mild troll hey
does this bother
you do you want to complain about it go
ahead that would be fine it's just a
little mild troll love
it well the hill is reporting that uh
the iaea the international atomic energy
agency says Iran's going to be uh trying
to accelerate its uh its process for
being able to make a nuclear
weapon um do you think they had to
research that
story let's see how else could they have
gotten that story without doing research
oh here's an idea they could have asked
me hey Scott do you think Iran is
working harder to build a nuclear
weapon
um yes
yes well are you sure that they're not
moving in the other direction
um checking my
brain um it's the only thing they have
left to protect
themselves uh no they're
accelerating but is it possible that
they just say they're accelerating but
maybe they don't have even the
capability to to get it done uh yeah
that's possible that's possible did you
really need to research that I mean what
do you think they're
doing of course they are they have
nothing left
it's the only thing they have to bargain
with or or keep an attack
away so I do think there's a really good
chance that uh at some point Israel will
bury everything that they have with
giant bombs so we'll see how that works
out um I got a feeling that Netanyahu is
enjoying
winning and he's never going to have a
better
chance for total victory
you know how they talk about total
Victory and you thought not you but some
people thought oh and then when they're
done with their total Victory they'll
build a two-state solution and move all
the uh all the Palestinians and Hamas
back into Gaza and they'll live happily
ever after does that sound like total
Victory to you no no there was never any
intention because total Victory is about
the clearest statement of intention you
could ever make total Victory now take
that to what's going to happen with
Iran do you
think that uh Israel would would say
well we got total Victory when all Iran
is doing is building back his capability
to do it to him again through their
proxies
nope let me explain it again total
Victory total Victory total victory
means that Iran can't do nuclear weapons
one way or
another they're not going to stop until
Iran has no nuclear
program how do I know that for sure well
uh can the reporters ask me Scott what
do you think Israel plans to do let's
see what does total mean does total mean
we stop halfway and let them rebuild
wait wait no total total okay I got it
total Victory it means that they're
going to destroy the nuclear program
whatever it takes whatever it takes
whatever it
takes
guaranteed I I think we've clearly left
the domain of maybe I think maybe's over
now there is a
possibility that Iran will get that
message to because someone could explain
to them do you know what total means
have you heard of total yeah total means
they're going to solve the problem once
and it's not coming
back and this would be the time to
talk and if there is some way that you
can reach a non-military agreement and
not develop nuclear weapons you know we
can talk about that because that would
still be total and it would be the
easiest way to get
there but now if you're wondering if
Israel is
bluffing they're
not total is total and they they could
not be more clear about it so that's the
beauty of being credible too if Israel
had not done everything that it's done
so far which is pretty darn impressive
if you're just looking from from a
military perspective you you can make up
your own mind about who's who's right
and who's wrong in this and I don't even
have an opinion my opinion on the whole
situation is that in the Middle East the
strongest person gets what they
want I why would I need more of an
opinion than that that covers everything
whoever is strongest is going to go get
what they want that's it everything else
is just blah blah blah blah blah blah do
you support Israel what's the
difference what's the difference is that
going to make a difference no if they
can get it and they have the strength to
do it they're going to go get it and and
if that ever changed and for I don't see
how it would happen soon but if
something changed where the
uh Palestinians suddenly got all the
power what do you think they would do
you know exactly what they would do and
I wouldn't be for it I would just be
saying well I told you whoever Has the
strength gets what they want so that's
the entire story you don't have to be
more complicated than
that all right ladies and gentlemen
that's everything I have on the topics
of the day thank you for joining you're
all wonderful um I will see you again
tomorrow same time same place
yeah Scott supports
genocide of course you say that no I
support understanding what the words
total and victory mean what happens
after
that
not it's I w't say it's not my concern
it's just that having an opinion on it
wouldn't make any difference so I just
don't
bother so no I do not support
Israel just you know reflexively no
matter what they do nothing like that
they they have to they have to be a good
Ally to us and that's all I care about
and I would like to spend less money and
I would like them to spend more of their
money but you know there are lots of
lots of variables that go with that
because I think a lot of the money that
we give to Israel for military stuff is
really money that they have to spend on
our own military industrial complex so
maybe that's more of a US problem
you know something we need to work out
on our end whether that still makes
sense for us as a country but uh I only
care how Israel is treating
us that's
it all right I'm going to talk to the
locals people privately the subscribers
and the rest of you I'll see you
tomorrow same time same
place hope you enjoyed the
show
e
e
e for