bum-bum-bum papa yes I'm back again had
a few rough starts this morning I
overslept didn't get enough coffee
everything's a little bit harder but I'm
back now I'm using the correct
technology I can see your comments and I
know sorry about all those periscope
teases this is the real one and as my
way of making amends if I can for the
the late start the bad start I've got
great content for you today oh it's so
good so good
but first the simultaneous sip please
join me so a couple of fun topics you
may be aware that Tucker Carlson is
getting himself in some hot water with
his critics anyway you know because he's
not in now order with his fans by his
critics are having trouble with the fact
that he has challenged people to explain
to him why diversity is strength what is
the argument for diversity being an
advantage now I actually have an
argument for that and I'm gonna answer
Tucker's question but I watched Don
Lemon sucia a clip from it I didn't see
the entire show and what she was talking
about this topic and the folks on Don
Lemon show said the answer to stalkers
question of why is diversity is strength
here's their answer Tucker Carlson is a
white supremacist did that sound like an
answer to the question of can you
explain to me why diversity is an
advantage I'm not saying it's not I just
haven't heard the argument and the
argument was from Don lemons crew
his pundits well you're obviously a
white supremacist that's very racist of
you now did anything in that situation
sound like an advantage did you feel
like you were better off because Tucker
Carlson was a white guy with one opinion
and Don Lemon had several people they
were all white I think three African
Americans and one white pundit and and
they disagreed were we better off well
probably not in that specific case but
here's what's here's what's illegitimate
about both sides of the arguments I
think both sides of the argument have
implicitly in them that there's
something about diversity that would
either always be good or never be good
or at least never be a-plus
and I don't think that's anywhere near
the truth it seems far more likely that
there would be situations in which it
makes things worse and there would be
situations in which you would make
things better but nobody has actually
expressed the positive argument the
argument that there is an advantage and
I'm going to do that for Tucker's
benefit and for yours as well
now let us let us first admit that
there's not one answer that's just right
all the time right it's going to be a
little of both and let me talk about the
little of both part I think Tucker use
the example if you were let's say you
were you know the and these are crazy
examples because they don't really
conform to the actual world but they're
sort of conceptual let's say you and
three other people were trying to build
a bridge across a river and you didn't
speak the same language would it be
easier or would it be harder for the
small group of you to work together
given that your diversity has caused you
to be so so different that you don't
even speak the same language well in
that artificial example clearly it's
worse but does that little example you
know describe our whole world it does
not it doesn't even come close let me
give you an example where diversity
would be a strength let's say take the
the blight Authority project most of you
know I'm working on that with Bill Polti
you should go to blight Authority calm
and add your ideas if you have any for
what to do about these inner inner city
areas where there's a lot of blight and
some of them have been cleared by the
blight authority so that it's now it's
now empty ground and you're trying to
figure out well what do you do with this
now
now is it an advantage to have opinions
from let's say you know billionaires who
have money and let's say
african-american residents who grew up
there or still live there who are
completely different than some
billionaire who maybe wasn't even born
in this country but the billionaires got
the money the people in the inner cities
have the the knowledge the insight
they've got the experience
don't you need both of them you need the
money and they need the people to know
that's a good idea or that's a bad idea
or why I won't work that's a clear
example where having everybody involved
get you to a better place
so there there's an example for you now
I think embedded in Tucker's question
and maybe I'm you know going a little
further than here we go here I don't
like to mischaracterize someone's
opinion so I hope I'm not doing that but
if you were to start from scratch let's
say there were there was no planet there
was no world and you were going to say
islets let's build a perfect little
planet and I'm got
god I'll make a planet would it be
better if the people were more alike or
just completely different to the point
where some of them want to kill the
other ones you know your God and there's
no planet yet you just get to create one
which is better well I guess suppose it
depends what you're trying to accomplish
and nobody can figure out what God would
have in mind but it does seem to me that
if you could start from scratch having
people who don't have a reason to fight
that's just baked into some stupid
reason like hey your DNA is different
than mine I have to kill you
you probably want less of that right but
that is not our current situation the
current situation is diversity is a
given meaning that we're different
we live in a world full of different
people so you don't get a choice of non
diversity there's no choice it just
exists it's like air you know what would
be the point of saying would it be
better to have three kinds of air or one
kind of error it's not really a question
we just have the air we have it's a
given so given given that it's a given
are there situations in which is an
advantage and the answer is absolutely
yes because one of the ways that
diversity is an advantage is you you can
get more feel for more things than you
could if you had one sensor I tend to
think of civilization as sort of like a
living creature you know the sum of all
people is like a living creature that's
evolving even as we speak and what I
mean by that is that the centralized
elements such as the government social
media the internet those are like the
brains you know that the the internet
plus the government are sort of like the
brain of civilization but all of the
people are like this the five senses all
the people are in different places doing
different things
they're different ages different
situations all over and if we didn't
have all of those different sensors
feeding into the central government the
central internet the central brain we
wouldn't be effective we would be we
would be flying blind
we wouldn't know when to do this or when
to do that because the sensors wouldn't
be telling us what's happening when we
do things so from that perspective let's
look at the United States the United
States has diversity it's not there's
not ready realistic you know real world
situation where that's going to change
so how do you make it a plus instead of
making it what it could be if he didn't
pay attention it could be a negative
well one of the ways you make it a plus
is you you try to standardize on
language so that at least you're talking
the same language you try to standardize
on culture as much as possible but that
causes its own problem because there are
some cultures that don't that don't
let's say assimilate as easily for
example I would say that the Mexican
immigrants legal or illegal they they do
they do assimilate fairly well maybe not
as easily as an Australian who already
speaks the language or somebody from
Great Britain who already speaks the
language they'd have a little advantage
right but in my experience Mexican
immigrants assimilate really well it
might take them one generation to really
dial it in but that's pretty quick
compare that to let's say somebody who's
coming from a devout 100% Muslim nation
don't speak English and if they had
their choice they would they would like
to see the American government change to
Sharia are they going to assimilate at
the same rate probably not it's going to
be an extra challenge you've got the
language challenge plus you've got a
religion that you can't leave without
pretty big penalties
and that religion has its own set of
beliefs that comes with it so in that
case well it's a little harder a little
harder so what do you do when you've got
all of this diversity in all these
situations I would argue that the United
States has done an excellent job of
selling the melting pot as a positive
thing what are some of the advantages of
selling this melting pot situation as as
a plus well I'll give you a real world
example so if you saw one of my earlier
periscopes this morning I was talking
about my startup went up now the the
genius in my startup yeah the the
smartest person by far is Nick now Nick
is our CTO co-founder and he was born in
India born in India came here got
educated here and he's an American so am
I better off because I live in the
country that was able to import a genius
who just happened to have a completely
different background well yeah yeah we
built a company you know he was the main
mastermind behind it the the main the
main idea guy uh we all did our part so
in the startup I have a certain set of
skills that I can bring to it Quinn
our CEO has a certain set you know the
all the other folks who are working with
us they have different skills we're all
very different people but we couldn't
have built this product without a bunch
of really different kind of people
coming together to work on it and why is
it that why is it that Nick is even
available to to be in this country and
to me me it's because it's because the
United States did a good job of making
this country a place that you could come
no matter who you are the you can come
here it's not easy immigration is not
easy I think Nick would tell you it was
you know there were some tough years but
certainly I'm better off because you
know I could meet Nick and we could
build something that I think could
actually make a big difference in the
world now that's not to say that
diversity works well all the time
diversity you know what caused what
caused the 9/11 problem you know what
caused somebody to attack the United
States on 9/11 well you can't say
diversity exactly but the fact that
we're completely different and that
difference you know was the basis of
what the disagreement is you know one
pursuing a radical Islamic version of
the world and one who seemed to be
opposed to that
and then you've got war so there is no
there is no overall answer that says
that diversity is always good are always
bad but it is very clear to me that
there are situations where diversity
gives you more insight and more ways of
looking at things so that you can have a
let's say a diversified portfolio of not
only thought and by here's the important
part but of experience of experience if
you don't bring that different way of
thinking different experience you're
missing something pretty powerful
somebody saying that's anecdotal and you
are correct I'm using anecdotes to make
the bigger point but I think the bigger
point stands on its own which is if I
were if I were trying to start this same
startup and I didn't have somebody who
had say Nick's point of view I'd be I'd
be behind way behind so that's what I
wanted to say about that so - Tucker
your question was an excellent question
what is why does diversity give us
strength why does it get
power and I think it does through the
diversity of thought and in the real
world you could tell yourself well what
if what if people were all the same
ethnicity or same gender couldn't they
also have different thoughts and the
answer is yes but in the real world not
so much as if you actually came from a
different gender it came from a
different ethnicity came from a
different country that's a whole greater
level of diversity of thought and there
are plenty of situations such as
brainstorming starting a new company
innovating plenty of times when you want
the superior thought all right let's
talk about another topic which is I'm
watching CNN having just absolute
orgasms over the fact that president
Trump's disapproval level has according
to them has has reached 57% and as the
midterms are approaching they are
interpolating or they're sort of
extending that thought this way and
they're making they're making a gigantic
analytical error that it's hilarious to
watch it happen and here's the error in
the past the popularity of the president
was very correlated to have the midterm
election goes so if the approve if the
president had lots of disapproval you
would expect his party would do poorly
in the midterms and there's plenty of
history of that and so CNN and others
are saying well the president's doing
really poorly than the like mid mid 30s
I think in approval and that would if
history is our guide that would tell us
that the midterms are going to be a
disaster a catastrophe they're actually
using that word a catastrophe for the
Republicans and they they note that in
particular the independents are are
leaning in the wrong direct
but here's what's wrong with that
analysis have I ever told you the
history doesn't repeat itself you know
we think it does but it doesn't history
definitely does not repeat and here's
what's different this president has a
screaming economy this president has a
whole bunch of stuff going right North
Korea you could make an argument that
it's moving slowly but in the right
direction you can see that the trade
deals a lot of people like the fact that
trade deals are being pushed on we'll
probably see a few more countries come
online with deals Mexico said yes Canada
can't be far away maybe we get some more
between between now and the midterms
so here's what's different from history
there has never been a president who
performed more strongly while being
personally disliked so much and most of
it is because of the you know the the
accusations of racism the accusations of
being a bully you know more the the
personal stuff we've never seen that
before so if there were going to be a
year in which the old statistic didn't
work anymore
where the president's popularity no
longer predicted what the midterms would
be this would be that year don't you
think if ever there could be a year
where the popularity of the president is
disconnected from what people think is
his performance this is the air alright
so so we might see a bit of a surprise
if you were to ask an independent who
does not identify with the Republican
Party what do you think do you approve a
president Trump what would
independence a I think they might say I
don't approve of him but I sure like
this economy I sure like what's
happening overseas I you know many of
them are gonna say I like the court pics
you know sort of exciting the news is
more interesting lately you know I wish
race relations would be better at wish
we could do something with health care
but things are going pretty well
now so I've got a feeling that
independents are not answering surveys
the way people expect that they will
can you guys hear a loud background
noise right now or is that just me so
here's what I would yeah a little stop
in a minute so here's what what I would
look for I think the Republicans are
going to do better than what all the
indicators are I don't know that the
Republicans will pull it down I'm not
predicting a red wave but I think
they'll perform better than the experts
are going to say and it's for all
similar reasons to why the president won
when the polls said he wouldn't because
people will tell you they don't like him
but it's not related to his job
performance and now we've actually seen
his job performance like here's the
other thing that strikes me you know
I've told you that people don't form
independent opinions about politics they
think they do you think they do
everybody else thinks they do but they
don't people's opinions are assigned to
them by the media that they choose to
watch so if you if you're a conservative
and you're choose to watch you know Fox
News and Drudge Report you're going to
end up with one hardened opinion that's
sort of similar to that side if you
watch CNN and MSNBC and the air times
you're going to end up with a hardened
opinion that is what they
assigned to you so when CNN reports that
the disapproval of the president has
reached 57% what is the other way they
could report that that would be the same
information and also completely accurate
another way they could say that is CNN
has succeeded in convincing people 57%
of the public that the president should
not be approved right because it's the
media that causes these opinions people
don't just have opinions and then the
media measures them the media creates
the opinion and then they measure how
well they did
so CNN is doing really well right now
and you know what's interesting is that
this change seemed to correspond to them
talking less about Russia did you notice
that I don't know if it's related or not
but the news is sort of abandoned in
Russia as a story and moved to just
other other things you know the there's
the the Woodward book and the New York
Times anonymous thing and it looks to me
like the the the anti-trump press has
found some winning messages and it
wasn't Russia and Russia just wasn't
moving the dial so now they're back - oh
there's chaos in that and the White
House and he might be crazy and they do
have to have him really you know removed
from office and he's unhinged so maybe
that's just a more effective attack and
the polls are just reflecting that but
you also have the effect that the
independents are going to say now we
don't approve of him but when I walk
into the voting booth tell me again why
I wouldn't vote for a Republican if I
would have voted for a Republican under
a different administration you know what
when they walk in the booth I think
independence well let me let me put it
this way what is it that makes you
as an independent instead of a democrat
or republican
it's the feeling that you've got some
independent thoughts and that you could
go either way I mean these are people
who are self-identified well as
self-identified independent walk into
the voting booth and say I'm not going
to vote for this Republican because a
totally unrelated person I don't like
his personality but I do like his
performance and his performance will be
even better and give me more of what I
want if I vote for this person who
happens to be a Republican is an
independent gonna say no I'm not going
to vote for the person I want this
Congress person because I have a bad
feeling about the tweets coming from a
completely different person da-dew
independence think that way I think in
the past people would have said the
approval rate of the president is
basically an approval rate of the party
they would have said those are sort of
the same thing but now those have just
disconnected the approval rate of the
president is really just about him it's
just about a personality and the
approval rate of the party is wait for
it what's the what's the most recent
thing you heard about the party oh it
was an anonymous article in The New York
Times in which someone who is presumably
a Republican was operating as a control
on the personality that was the part you
didn't like are you going to get more or
less control on this president if
everybody's a Republican or if every or
if you get a split Congress I don't know
I seems to me that the people who
control who's president to the degree
that he can be controlled
our Republicans wouldn't you say who is
it who is it that's the better control
on this president is it
let's say is it Maxine Waters is Maxine
Waters having a a productive effect on
President Trump by you know forming his
opinions and helping him move toward
more reasonable policies probably not
Maxine Waters is that Nancy Pelosi who's
having a good impact on this president
to take some of the rough edges off that
that you don't like probably not is it
Rand Paul it is who does the president
listen to Rand Paul or Maxine Waters one
of those people can help you get what
you want from this president which is
taking the advice you know the yeah
Lindsey Graham who has more more
influence with this president Lindsey
Graham or Chuck Schumer there's the
there's no competition so if you like
what this president has done mostly but
you need you want to make sure that
there's some gating factors there's some
there's some second opinions that he'll
listen to and that's really what it is
because the president's still in charge
but second opinions are useful well Rand
Paul's got a good second opinion yeah
Lindsey Graham's got a good second
opinion and you know you could go down
the line there are lots of Republicans
who operate as I would say quite
credible yeah Lindsey Graham is very
credible take you know let's say Newt
Gingrich you know he's not in office at
the moment but prominent Republican is
Newt Gingrich a good voice in terms of
the president's second opinions yes he
is so if you're an independent I think
you might find yourself voting for your
best interest
Ted Cruz another good example right and
voting for your best
interests given that this president will
probably be president for you know six
more years your best interest is
somebody who's a credible second opinion
for the president and those are
Republicans so we'll see how it goes I'm
not going to predict a red wave but I
think the blue wave won't be this high
it might be more of a blue splash so I
actually let me commit I'm going to
commit to a prediction my prediction
will be that the blue wave will be a
blue Ripple small ripple okay that's my
that's my prediction not quite sure if
it will change who's you know who's got
control well I'm going to say it's not a
way if it's a ripple and it's because
the polls are not capturing the fact
that people are evaluating their
approval of the president based on
personality and not and not results and
if they want more of the results they're
gonna go more Republican I think all
right will the media call it a way of
anyway probably do you even vote I do
not vote I've explained in the past why
I don't vote and it's a combination of
two things one is I don't think I add
much to the outcome there rarely do I
have confidence that I have the better
idea so I don't know what to do about
trade agreements what to do about North
Korea necessarily but on top of that it
would make me less unbiased so as soon
as you join a team and you say I'm one
of these people or even if you say I
voted for this person you're kind of
committed and you're gonna you're gonna
you're going to defend that person no
matter what
I have been saying positive things about
president Trump for a few years now
people would say well you're already
biased you're so biased in his camp
everything you do seems to be pro Trump
but that's not true I criticize him on
race relations I criticize him on health
care I criticize him on immigration we
should that should have been wrapped up
by now
I could probably I think Puerto Rico
it's hard to judge whether the recovery
there could have been better because it
was the you know the last disaster of
several so the resources were strained
and it is an island see can't you can't
really know if things should have been
better but you can say it wasn't great
you can say that however it came out
wasn't great and so so if you're asking
me you know if I vote I would be more
inclined to say everything that the
person I voted for is great even if it
isn't if I don't vote I maintain a
little bit of independence mental
independence in which I can say yeah I
like these things he does these things
need work so there you go the food was
found rotting in containers in Puerto
Rico yeah I in a big disaster relief
situation you have to assume that there
will be lots of flaws lots of
imperfections a lot of inefficiencies
because they're just shoving massive
resources in the general direction and
hoping that people can sort it out when
it gets there all right I mean I'm
exaggerating a little bit of course they
do have a plan well I imagine that
they're sending more resources than they
have people who can keep up with it so
that so that's why it's hard to know if
that was a failure of Management
you just there's just no way to know
because you would need a control group
that was managed by somebody else under
the same situation at the same time
to know if they should have gone
differently worse or a better leader it
could have got a better result there's
just no way to know
Oh somebody's asking me to to tell you
my I am Spartacus story well I I was
driving this morning and I changed the
lane and after I changed the line