hey everybody I'm a little bit late this
morning for no particular reason I just
wasn't paying attention which happens
often to me but now you're here now
we're all happy it's all coming together
looks like your morning is gonna start
out well thanks to a little thing I call
the simultaneous it and it's coming at
you soon
you got your cup your mug your glass
your dying your tankard your chalice
your flask your thermos fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the same thing you sip
well so the news continues to serve up
nothing interesting and when it's
interesting it's stuff I don't talk
about too much so I don't talk too much
about the mass killings there's not much
to say about them unfortunately they're
just tragedies but the fun political
stuff has sort of slowed down have you
noticed
so I'll just hit some of the that
nuggets that fell out from today's news
so apparently president Trump criticized
Chris Cuomo and his show in a tweet and
Chris Cuomo replied and he said he first
of all accepted the criticism I think
the criticism might have been about
ratings or something so he accepted him
and then Chris Cuomo went on to
criticize the president the following
way Chris Cuomo noted all the things
that are going really really well under
this president now of course he had to
throw in that it was probably Obama that
got things going and maybe it's just all
luck but he did note that this president
has one of the most successful first two
and a half years of any president those
are my words I guess but he noted that
the economy was screaming and you know
unemployment is good
terrorism is down so he noted all the
intensely good stuff happening and then
he said the President must be
incompetent here again I'm paraphrasing
because his approval is below 50% and
Cuomo said how could you have a
president with so many things going
right all the big stuff the economy in
terrorism etc and it can't get his
approval level over 50% the implication
being that that's the president's fault
do you see what's wrong with that the
president's approval rating is not being
driven entirely by the president's
actions is being driven by how CNN
covers him if they simply covered the
actual events instead of acting like he
was he was some kind of demon who had
come to the the world to it to destroy
all man mankind or humankind if CNN and
the other news covered him in the end
even the the least objective fashion his
approval rate would be seventy five
percent and by the way also I'll stand
by that I'm gonna say that again if the
news covered this president objectively
and just said the facts and they could
include saying that he doesn't pass the
fact-checking so they could certainly
criticize him for mean tweets those are
facts but if you just covered what
actually happened and you didn't make up
stuff like the Charlottesville hoax you
didn't make up stuff like mocking the
guy with a bad arm that didn't happen if
he didn't actually make up news he
probably would have an approval of 75%
and I'm not exaggerating I think that's
how high it would be now of course we've
never had a president who had a press
that only reported the news there's
always criticism of the president no
matter what so you know probably Obama
would have had a higher higher approval
also you know if nobody ever criticized
him and just just reported the straight
news so it works both ways
anyway it's hilarious to see that one of
the biggest changes from you know
earlier US history is that it used to be
there was the news and then there was
the stuff they reported on and that you
can imagine those two things as separate
things there are the things that are
actually happening in the world and then
there are news organizations which talk
about those things
but they're different things today
they're the same thing today the news is
what the news organizations are creating
so they're not looking at it and talking
about it they're actually making it the
news is the news the news industry
manufactures the news now it's no longer
reporting it gets creation its art its
persuasion so that's very different all
right
in no particular order some other things
have you noticed that Bernie Bernie
Sanders has become the voice of reason
maybe on both sides but certainly for
the Democrat side it seems to me that
crazy Bernie was always the one who was
you know way off on his socialist
fantasies and he couldn't pay for stuff
and it was all very pie in the sky but
because they oversee and the other the
other lefties have gone so far left that
when he talks you say to yourself okay
here comes the crazy stuff and then he
talks and he go why doesn't that sound
crazy anymore I was pretty sure he was
crazy a few years ago did he become less
crazy now I'm still not saying he knows
how to pay for any of his plans that
part didn't change but they asked him
about impeachment and unlike many of the
Democrats who were jumping on that
impeachment bandwagon Bernie says now
I'm more concerned about the issues
let's not get distracted and by the way
if we do get distracted by that probably
is going to be good for Trump and you
end up getting more of Trump not less so
the strategy won't work
and I listened to that and I thought to
myself okay every part of that made
sense what's going on here
why am i agreeing with Bernie so
aggressively
strategy-wise I think he he found the
exact right lane
he found the nuance and so it's
interesting to watch Bernie become the
voice of reason that's that's how much
our mental model has moved that he just
stands out as a beacon of reason on the
left which is probably bad news for the
left because if you're most reasonable
person has gigantic plans that can't
possibly be practical in terms of how
you pay for them under the current way
he suggests them that's that's problem
for the Dems all right one of the I'm
going to talk about some of the dumbest
things I hear on social media now it's
mostly on social media I suppose here in
the month of news a little bit from the
pundits but these are the dumbest things
that I hear on social media what is
Trump doing I guess this is on the news
as well the critics of the president say
what is Trump doing to stop Russian
interference in the next election that
might be the dumbest political comment
in the world because what exactly is he
supposed to do Hey
what exactly are you supposed to do
wouldn't you assume that the people
working on cybersecurity are doing
everything they can to make sure it's
hard to hack us hard to get into the
voting machines don't you believe that
all of the states are now being have now
been alerted to the dangers and are
doing everything that they can
individually to make sure that they have
secure voting processes isn't aren't all
of the social media platforms who were
part of Russia's interference last time
are they not all complete
li aware and working with this
administration to know what the risks
are and figured I had to deal with it of
course of course they are that's obvious
you don't have to do you don't have to
get a report on it of course they are
why wouldn't they everything suggests
that that's happening now what what
exactly could you do beyond protecting
yourself which I assume is done what is
it the people here let me get rid of
this troll
goodbye troll why is it that people
imagine he should be doing that we could
also observe and we would know he is
doing it which is a big thing right
because well if we sanctioned them we'd
be sanctioning the sanctioning them for
what they already did the question is
what are we doing to stop them from
doing it again so how do you stop them
from doing it again in the context when
they're gonna do it again there isn't
really any question that they're gonna
try to do it again is there they might
just try to be a little more clever
about it but it seems to me that all the
big countries interfere with each other
or whatever it makes sense and so I hear
the here are the things I would add to
this if our CIA is making sure that the
Russia is paying a price for what
they've already done would you and I
know about it would you and I know that
the CIA just stuck a pole so far up
Putin's ass that you know it's sticking
down to the top of his head what do we
know that we shouldn't know that and
shouldn't we expect that our CIA our
cyber people are putting the screws on
Russia don't you think that we have
crawled so crawled into their systems so
extensively that we can make the lights
blink when we want to now how would we
the public know about any of that
because that's where all the action
should be happening right you should be
happening under the hood
everything that the president should do
or could do I'd say 75% of it should be
and of our view and the president should
not be bragging about it so if you're
going in public and saying our president
is not doing anything about Russia
interference I say that might be true
that's possible but how the hell would
you know that if he is doing it you're
supposed to not know it that's how it
works now what about the credible threat
that if Russia interferes again that
this president will make them pay a
price do we have a credible threat I
think so the the most the most common
criticism of this president is that he's
unpredictable which happens to be one of
his strengths do you think that Putin is
sitting over there saying that he could
mess with the United States be detected
which probably would happen it probably
would be detected do you think Putin
thinks he has a free pass does that even
make a little bit sense maybe maybe you
can't say he I can't read his mind but
does this seem likely to you that Putin
is thinking ah they didn't do much to me
last time a little bit of sanctions
nothing I'm just gonna interfere again
because this president will never do
anything to me I don't think there's any
chance that's true I would say that the
most the president can do is already
happening which is he's created a a
persona a brand in which the one thing
you can be sure of is that just because
he said you were a nice guy yesterday
doesn't mean he won't kill you tomorrow
don't you know that's true if there's
anything you could depend on with this
president is that it doesn't matter how
much he complimented you on Tuesday if
he needs to kill you on Wednesday he's
gonna kill you on Wednesday that's one
of the things we like about him right
I'm not wrong about that
he could love you on Tuesday and kill
you on Wednesday I'm pretty sure Putin
knows that because we know it how would
he not know it so that's the dumbest
comment is that Trump isn't doing
anything it seems to me that the most he
could do the very most he could do is to
say something in public and maybe he
will be between now in the election it's
kind of early to do it maybe it's not
too early any time now he could say
publicly look here's the deal Russia if
you mess with our elections again
there's gonna be a specific response and
it's gonna be economic and you are not
gonna like it at all now that might help
but I also think Putin already knows
that so even that message would be
primarily aimed for domestic consumption
it might make a little difference I
might be happy if he did that but I
don't know if it makes a big difference
all right I continue to be fascinated
changed in the topic by Glenn
Greenwald's tweets about the old Russian
collusion and Muller investigation as
many of you know Glenn Greenwald who was
associated with the intercept has been
saying since the beginning that this
Muller investigation was going to be a
big night and then when it became a big
nothing and he was doing his victory
laps which were also very interesting to
watch and he's in the now he's
criticizing the press and the Democrats
for acting as though the model report
said the opposite of what is said so I
think glad is puzzled and maybe puzzled
is the wrong word frustrated sounds like
a better word with the fact that the we
all waited for the facts the facts came
up came out and nobody changed their
opinion people just saw whatever they
wanted to see independent of whatever
was on the page of the of the Muller
report so the Democrats are continuing
to report as that was had completely
opposite of what it says and now of
course to be fair it could be that I'm
the one who's hallucinating but we can
tell for sure that nobody changed their
mind because the report at least I've
never heard of a single person that you
have you seen even one person who said
you know man I got all that wrong turns
out there was just nothing there have
you heard even what I mean literally one
person a friend a co-worker a punted on
TV even one person I have not who
predicted that nobody would change their
opinion me me
somebody said Woodward I believe
Woodward said from the beginning that
when he wrote his book he found nothing
nothing to worry about
yeah I'll have to look up Bob Woodward
but I think he never believed there was
anything there and the Muller report
would have would have confirmed what he
already did so I predicted the most
unlikely think about how unlikely that
was before I predicted it imagine if you
will Oh Matt Taibbi could be could be
yeah I'd have to look more about what he
said in the beginning but I think he
might be the one stand out there think
he'll how unlikely my prediction was so
thinking about first of all I predicted
that Trump would win in 2015 very
unlikely but to be fair to be fair a lot
of people also predicted Trump would win
so I wasn't alone I was sort of alone in
describing it the way I did and and
there weren't too many people who wanted
to say it in public but there were other
people so I wasn't alone in that but it
was a it was a hard prediction but how
much harder was it for me to predict
that the Muller report would not change
any opinions
except maybe Matt Taibbi
it that one that one was harder to
predict wasn't it yeah yeah and I
committed to it
both all of my predictions I committed
to so it's funny watching Glenn deal
with this because you can see his I
would say that even though I'm no fan of
Glenn Greenwald like as a person I think
he's kind of he can be kind of a
and he and I have mixed it up on Twitter
a little bit so when I complimented his
work you should know that that's genuine
because I don't like the person so much
you know I just I don't have a positive
feeling about the person but his work is
really good can't take that away from
secondly watching him as a free thinker
you know and you can spot them the
people who were actually seem to be
following the the data watching him
learned that the entire world completely
ignored information that was critical
information and watching him come to
understand that that's the world he
lives in
it's kind of fascinating all right
Jordan Peterson tweeted around and i
retweeted it an article about how the
world is greening so apparently the
earth is substantially greener more
trees more plants more bushes than it
was ten years ago and it's being the
attribution is that there's more land
for agriculture and that the Chinese and
and India especially were planting trees
and they were actually doing this for
the result they got they were trying to
plant more stuff to work on pollution
and climate change I guess - and all
that so you can check my Twitter feed
and you can see the details I just just
tweeted it so it'd be near the top and
oh I love this somebody said co2 is
plant food because I was just going to
talk about that all right
so interestingly the report I just had
about how the world is greening I read
it quickly but I didn't see anywhere
where they said co2 is contributing to
the greening which seemed conspicuously
missing isn't that the most obvious
thing co2 good for plants the big story
is there's too much co2 according to the
scientists but even they would agree the
plants should be growing more because of
the co2 so it's weird that that was not
in the story unless I just missed it it
was just one sentence or something all
right let me tell you the worst opinions
about climate change and I'm going to
say this because every time I mention
climate change my Twitter feed is filled
with the worst opinions now when I say
the worst opinions I don't mean that
they're on one side or the other so I'm
not what I'm gonna say next has nothing
to do about which side you're on or
which side is right what I'm going to
talk about as the worst opinions are the
opinions that don't make make sense on
any side they're just by themselves they
don't make any sense
all right one of them is warming is good
and that whenever through history we've
seen warming periods those warming
periods were associated with great gains
and civilization people ate better there
was more wealth so warming is good how
many of you have that opinion how many
of you have the opinion about climate
change specifically that warming is good
and the warming that we will experience
from climate change is also good because
in the past it was good so look at them
looking at the comments you see lots of
disagrees but plenty of people saying
yes now for those of you who are saying
yes does it bother you that you're
seeing so many people saying that
doesn't make any sense
all right let me yeah lots of you saying
warming is good let me tell you why and
I don't know how to I don't know how to
be polite about this those of you who
are saying warming is good do you not
have a concept of too much you know
there's there are civilizations I don't
know if this is true but you've heard
that there were early civilizations who
didn't have a concept of zero but it
seems that there are lots of people in
today's world who don't have a concept
of too much later they don't know what
that means or they can't they can't
maybe they can't hold it in their mind
let me explain this to you the more co2
you have the warmer it gets according to
the scientists now if you're arguing
that co2 doesn't cause warming that's a
separate argument but the the debate is
that more co2 creates more warming do
you actually believe there's no limit to
how warm it could get and we'd still be
happier let me put it in these words how
many people believe there's no such
thing as a limit to how warm it could
get in other words all warming is better
forever at any rate how many of you will
commit to that I want you to see please
give it to me in this in the statement
that you believe that there's no amount
of warming that will ever be bad and it
will always be good to infinity anybody
anybody you got really quiet there
suddenly didn't you we because as soon
as I say that all the people who said
all warming is good you realized that
there was a gigantic gaping hole in your
thinking which is we're not talking
about it going up a little bit and
stopping the whole point is that it
won't stop that's the whole fricking
point is that it's not gonna stop
getting warmer until we're all dead all
right now you could argue that the
science isn't complete that we'll figure
out ways to get
those are all different arguments but if
your entire argument about climate
changes warmer is better you're not
really part of the you're not part of
the reasons conversation you should
never say that again
so all of you are hearing me now never
say in public again warming is better it
makes you look like an idiot to other
people right I'm not saying that's my
opinion
other people reasonable people will look
at you and say oh right what is wrong
with you
nobody's arguing that a little warming
isn't good that's not even the
conversation the argument is that if it
keeps getting warmer there'll be a point
when it's not good anymore you all agree
with that
stop saying warming is good all right
here's the other one here's the other
worst argument about climate change and
again I'm not taking sides on what is
true and not true about the science I'm
just saying that no matter what side
side you're on the following thing is
the worst argument it goes like this
co2 is plant food it's the same problem
right yeah more co2 should be good for
the plants we all agree with that
scientists agree with that but more co2
if the theory holds creates more warming
and the warming will kill you so if your
entire argument about climate change is
co2 is plant food co2 is plant food
you're not part of the conversation
you're saying something that other
people smart people are looking at and
saying oh my god oh my god
nobody's arguing the co2 isn't plant
food you're simply stating a fact of no
importance to the argument somebody's
saying warming is better so
right some warming may in fact be better
but that's not the debate so if you're
saying co2 is plant food or warming has
been good in the past you're saying
things that smart people think are
stupid because you're not even on the
right topic but you could certainly
argue that the science has issues you
could certainly argue that we'll figure
a way to take care of it there are lots
of arguments to be had but please never
say to me again on Twitter the warming
is good forever at any level and the co2
is good no matter how much you have
because those are like not having a
concept of zero or not having a concept
of too much there are people signing off
because they're so mad that that they
realize their thinking doesn't work all
right
here's here's the other one that you
should stop saying because it's just the
worst argument stop saying there used to
be more co2 in the past the reason you
should stop saying that is B in the
argument is well there was way more co2
in the past than there is even now so
clearly co2 can hurt you that is just an
uninformed argument there was more co2
in the past but scientists have a very
good understanding of why the other
variables were different in the past
such as the Sun was not as bright or
there was a different amount of ozone
there was a different amount of other
chemicals in the atmosphere which we
know or there was more volcanic activity
depending on what you're looking at so
it is true that you could have lots of
co2 in the past without any getting too
warm because the other variables were
different so stop saying there was more
co2 in the past if you're trying to
argue climate change because everybody
who understands a little bit about
climate change labels you a when
you say that because that is the most
debunked
sceptical argument all right here's
another one you shouldn't say yeah now
I'll just say I disagree with this one
if you believe that you saw in the
Climategate emails a smoking gun you
have to explain why I've looked at the
same emails and it's obvious there is no
smoking gun so if you can't explain that
and by the way I'm not I'm right on the
fence on climate change because I can't
I can't really evaluate science
especially a science I'm not involved
with so I'm not trying to sell you my
side because I don't have a side just
keep that in mind so why is it that the
guy who doesn't have a side and is a
professional writer and literally an
expert and knowing what words mean in
context why is it that when I look at
those Climategate emails I see
absolutely nothing because the words to
me are just casual talk among people who
know what they're mean they're saying
now obvio intent intended to be
consistent with the thing they think is
true which is the climate is warming
there is intent to explain away things
that they can't explain but there's no
intent to a great conspiracy to hide the
facts that's just not there all right
let's change the topic Daily Beast is
reporting that some twelve thousand Boy
Scouts were victims of sexual abuse
twelve thousand twelve thousand Boy
Scouts victims of sexual abuse that's
the ones we know of what is the
multiplier of ones we know of two ones
we don't know of four is it fifty
thousand fifty thousand people kids who
have been sexually abused let me tell
you my experience when I was a kid I was
a scout for a little while there was a
guy in my town who always volunteered to
work with young boys
on sports teams you know Little League
and stuff and I always thought to myself
that's weird he's not he's not a parent
he's just a guy who volunteers to work
with kids all time he loves kids
he also was a Boy Scout leader again
didn't have a kid in Boy Scouts he just
liked to join all these organizations to
help out wherever there were young boys
now I'm not gonna make any accusation
about this particular guy but I will
make the following claim any time you've
got a situation where you have
collections of young people and the
people leading them or volunteers or at
least they can volunteer for the job and
try to get that job you're always going
to have massive sexual abuse because who
in the world wants those jobs more than
a pedophile the pedophile is going to be
the most motivated the one who will take
the lowest paid to do the job the one
who will suffer the worst conditions to
do the job you should expect that over
time and I hope this isn't too much of
an exaggeration if you were to fast
forward and nothing changed about the
Boy Scouts I'm not saying this is the
case at the moment but if you simple if
you simply extend out the current forces
and variables you should get to a point
where a hundred percent of the Boy Scout
leaders are pedophiles right because the
pedophile will put up with more trouble
will go to greater lengths will work for
less money because they're getting paid
off a different way unfortunately so if
you wait long enough the entire Catholic
Church should be pedophiles and the
entire scouting organization should be
penalized in the same way that I assume
that most shoe sales people who work
with women are probably guys with foot
fetishes because they would work for
less and they would try harder and they
were more effort into getting those jobs
over time incentives are always
predictive
incentives are always predictive you've
created a situation with with the scouts
and with the Catholic Church that pretty
much guarantees it attracts a certain
type of person because they would have
the greatest incentive and nothing stops
that it's hard to find any example where
incentives that are that strong and that
clear
don't drive behavior I mean that would
you should expect it alright that is
pretty much what's going on I'm going to
get one other topic that everybody hates
me for because I thought of a better way
to explain it
I've been arguing about transgenders
being allowed to play sports in the in
the gender that they they have ended up
in and I note there pretty much
everybody who argues against me first
assigned to me an incorrect opinion and
then get really mad about the incorrect
opinion so I thought it must be the way
I'm explaining it that is making people
hear it differently than I'm thinking it
so I'm going to try to give you the the
best explanation I can that would make
me the most immune from somebody
misidentifying my point here's my point
all sports currently are a giant pile of
crap and by that I mean their sports
they work to deify the people who are
good at sports who were just born lucky
with a good genetic combination and
maybe the right you family situation so
that they can excel sports and deify
people who just by luck were born with
the right stuff that is all of
the other people don't get to be good
athletes and they get to learn that they
are inferior to those few people who
were born with these special skills
I'm somewhere you know in the middle of
that heap I was not born with special
athletic skills but I'm way above
average in terms of athletic ability
still most of what I experience is
losing if I if I run it in a tournament
with lots of teams my team probably
won't win if I join a team I'm probably
not going to be the best one on it I
might not even get to play am I sitting
on the bench if you've been experienced
watching sports especially school sports
it's mostly about humiliating people who
are bad at sports there's nothing fair
about sports they're designed to be
unfair by their design by their
intention they're mostly about creating
big categories of losers where there
would have been none before I'll say
that again sports creates losers where
there would not have been any losers and
and far and away mostly losers we we
tend to deify and celebrate the winners
but is is winning a sports important
it's not sports are are really just some
weird thing we play out because it feels
good but sports alright so here's my
point
sports are this big unfair cruel pile of
 that's the current situation if you
were to add on top of that a little
extra unfairness it is like adding
on top of so if you tell me that
adding to makes the original
 worse I say you can't really make
 worse by on it so when you
say to me that adding transgenders
ruined sports I say well it does it does
introduce a new set of unfairness but
it's a new unfairness on top of a
completely unfair thing this designed to
be completely unfair
some people just have advantages it's
probably not you so my only argument is
that adding - doesn't change
the original if you're starting
with the point of view that sports are
clean and fair and wonderful and you're
adding a little taint to them by this
little bit of unfairness that you
perceive in transgenders well then I
would say you're welcome to that
argument but my argument is not that
we're starting out with a good situation
and adding an imperfection
I say we're starting with a huge pile of
unfair humiliating and we're
adding a little more humiliating
 on top of it it's still just a
pile of when you're done so I
say that the social benefit of treating
everybody equally there's a greater gain
than adding some to some that
which is irrelevant all right
Seinfeld did it better once you're wet
you're wet well by that analogy and
somebody says but it's only unfair to
women again it's already completely
unfair and
adding a little more doesn't change
the original so so your argument is
that sports don't matter so who cares I
didn't say they don't matter
have you noticed one of the ways you can
tell that an argument is solid is that
the people arguing against you have to
create an imaginary argument - to be
angry about and you're going to see that
in the comments I'll pick one out here
or somebody pick somebody said who hurt
me
buh-buh-buh poem you are hypocritical
about what you are unfairly talented at
creating comic strips that's correct
totally unfair oh let's talk about Kim
traveling to Russia this could be a good
thing could be a bad thing there's no
way to know but chairman Kim is visiting
with Putin
I guess that's happening today or
something like that and I've got a
feeling this could be good because the
thing that Kim wants more than anything
else is security and if Kim gets a
guarantee of security from three
countries Russia China and the US he
might be able to to convert his nuclear
program into you know just an energy
program so this is probably an important
step now the the cynic would say he's
just trying to get Putin on his side so
he doesn't have to give up any nukes and
maybe could be but I would think that
Russia China and the United States would
all agree on the following point that if
those three countries can guarantee the
let's say the safety of North Korea that
that's a pretty good argument for you
don't need your nukes anymore but you
need all three to be on the same side
and to keep each other keep each other
in line you know maybe there's some way
that we the three can guarantee it with
some kind of sanctions against each
other if they don't or something I don't
know there may be some way to guarantee
all right watch the recording you
literally just said the sports don't
matter well let me clarify that sports
are not what's the best way I said they
they matter to people because people say
they matter so that's just a observable
fact people act as those sports matter
so in their minds they do matter so
it is also true that if if you don't
play sports you can still have a good
life right there are plenty of people
who don't participate in any sports and
they don't really miss it they don't so
I think you could say that if you could
snap your fingers and nobody couldn't
remember this sports even existed it
wouldn't matter you just wouldn't care
you wouldn't even notice it was gone so
in the sense of what does a human being
need in life etc probably doesn't matter
but we do treat it as though it matters
so that's that's the clarification
losing also motivates people to be
better sure and that's a good reason to
add transgender athletes because if you
have a transgender athlete then
everybody gets the character-building
experience of losing instead of just a
few people you get a few more people
losing so they get even better character
right right because that's our that's
our clever workaround for the fact that
sports are a giant humiliation engine
it's really about humiliating the people
who are not going to sports that's
mostly what happens for every few people
who it definitely helps their life it
definitely does help their life there
are some people who are absolutely
better off from sports and a lot more
people who are just humiliated by
learning how unqualified they are for
sports all right oh let me ask this
question directly one of the things I
get all the time on a number of topics
is that when people don't agree with me
they say they imagine I have motives
that are not obvious meaning they
imagine that what I'm really doing is
just trolling and that it's not right
real opinion I just want to get the
clicks up etc I don't know I don't know
if I've ever done that it's not
something I'm doing now and certainly
you know that no time in my periscope
life
have I ever claimed to hold a position
that I didn't really claim I just sort
of don't do that I mean it wouldn't be
interesting I don't know why I'd do it
feels like it'd be a bad risk reward so
just don't think about that if I tell
you my real opinion it's my real opinion
I've got the fu money I don't need to
mess around
I couldn't gain enough you know
attention or I don't know how I would
gain enough by pretending to have an
opinion I didn't have so I don't do it
and then other people are saying well
he's he's just gonna say this crazy
thing and then he's gonna you know he's
gonna twist it around at the end he's
got some agenda not really my agenda is
the the same theme I always have which
is that we are irrational creatures and
most of our perceptions and our opinions
and our decisions are irrational and so
when I point out points of irrationality
sometimes it's about other people
sometimes it's about you and when it's
about you you think well that can't be
true you must be just saying this for a
fact but what I say about other people
he's saying oh yeah he's nailing it
Scott is so on this talking about that
other person but when he talks about me
I'm sure he's just kidding he can't
really mean that could he so he says
guests lighting is beautiful gas
lighting is not a thing it's not a thing
if you think somebody's gas lighting you
it means you're experiencing cognitive
distance maybe not every time but that's
the most likely explanation if you think
that somebody is intentionally trying to
make you insane to doubt your doubt your
belief in reality well maybe there's
somebody who has done that somewhere but
no that's not a thing there are just
people who are lying there are people
persuading they're people who are wrong
you know there are all kinds of things
but there is no gas lighting
if you imagine that there is you were
experience a cognitive problem yeah the
the reason that people let me be as
clear as possible cognitive dissonance
can be identified by people coming up
with weird explanations of things so if
I say here's my here's my reason why I
think something's true and it doesn't
ring true you say no no you got it wrong
here's my reasons why it's wrong so
there's no cognitive dissonance in that
you just hear some information you have
a different opinion you disagree but if
I nail it or somebody else does and they
say something that it just looks true
but you don't want it to be what do you
do what does your brain do when you're
presented with a truth that you really
really don't want to be true because it
would ruin your entire worldview you
come up with a strange explanation for
how this incongruity could exist and the
one you see the most is well they must
be gaslighting me so anybody who says
that gas lighting is happening almost
certainly is experiencing cognitive
dissonance about something and they're
and they're presenting it because they
have this weird opinion that doesn't
make any sense doesn't doesn't shed any
facts isn't gas lighting just a negative
term for persuasion no it's more than
that because gas lighting is comes from
a Hitchcock movie and the idea of it was
that you would make somebody think they
were actually crazy make them actually
doubt their ability to understand the
world it's not just persuading them of
something new
persuasion is you know down here and gas
lighting would be like this persuasion
first of all could be completely ethical
ordinary persuasion is ethical
if you you know if you're an ethical
person gas lighting is by definition and
unethical horrible thing and nobody's
doing it alright that's all for now
gonna talk to you later bye for now