pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
hey everybody thanks for joining me
come on in here do you have your dainty
little Cup today I will not be drinking
from a man-sized Cup and by that I mean
any gender you like I kind of just that
for 2019 but one thing I know it's that
the simultaneous sip will set your day
off right
I don't care what's happened so far it's
about to turn positive and all you need
is a cup or a mug or a glass Stein or
jealous the canteen thermos could be a
shot glass anything fill it with your
favorite beverage I like coffee and
prepare to join me now for the dopamine
hit of the day the unparalleled feeling
the the feeling of connectedness the
thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous sip Co sublime there's
no other word to describe it
supply alright well we got some things
going on here got some things first of
all I'd like to give a shout out to the
best room service deliver of all time if
you've ever ordered room service in a
hotel you know that when they deliver
the food the one thing you want more
than anything else is for the person who
delivered the food to leave your room
leave the room bring me the food now
leave the room very fast because I want
to eat my food but you don't get that
instead if I may do an impression of
everybody except this one awesome person
who delivered my food today it goes like
this
they'll bring your food down and you'll
say and I'll say and I do this as sort
of a mental experiment it's part of a
psychology thing I'll say just leave
everything it's great just the way it is
just leave it right there and where's
the check inside
and they're so trained that they will
say oh just leave you here okay and then
they'll start taking the plastic off and
they'll say no leave leave these saran
wrap on just leave it where it is
they'll say oh okay just leave it where
it is okay
and we'll put this over here no no don't
rearrange it leave it right where it is
okay okay so I'll just pour the coffee
no no just leave it where it is all
right all right so um would you like me
to pull the chair over no no just leave
it where it is anyway I've been doing
this as sort of a running experiment to
see if I can break any of them of their
habit and today and I swear to god I've
been doing this for years for years I've
been trying to see if I could make them
stop touching my tray of food and just
leave and today the best deliverer ever
he comes in with a tray he slaps it down
he hands me the check doesn't take
anything off doesn't move anything and
that he says and I will love him forever
for this I will love him forever he's a
stranger but I love him he backs up to
the doorway and says out loud I'll just
be here in the doorway with the doorway
halfway opened and one foot in the
hallway while you sign the cheque and I
held the cheque and then looked at him
standing in the doorway ready to leave
without once messing with anything on my
tray and I felt love I felt love for him
and I gave him a little extra tip and I
believe we are bond to do the best
server ever and as I gave him the buddy
I had to I had to shout at him because
he was already halfway down the hall I
couldn't even give him a compliment he
was already gone he was like
disappearing into the hallway and I
shouted magnificent food bringer I love
you you're the best I've ever had
then he was gone it was like he was
never real an angel perhaps so I shall
drink to the best in room dining
experience of my entire life it's
probably true
so kudos to him let me tell you why why
in part this mattered to me I used to be
a waiter / busser years ago when I was
in college I would be bussing tables
with some other Buster's and we worked
the a big breakfast was that a hotel so
all everybody would come in all at once
and a shift any breakfast and you'd
serve them and my job among aside from
picking up the plates my job was to keep
their coffee filled and I thought the
best way to keep the to do good service
was to be entertaining and I'd come up
to my table and by hey how is everybody
how you doing yeah would you like some
more coffee let me top that off how
about you you've got like a millimeter
left between the coffee and the top can
i warm that up not go to the tables not
work the tables and not be so
entertaining and everything and one of
my co-workers his name was Willie Willie
was known for let's say not having a
good work ethic he would just sort of
give them coffee now and then if they
really needed it but he just walked up
half-asleep Billy brain and then he'd
walk away no entertainment Willie would
not entertain his tables and I'm
thinking poor bastard I can't I feel
sorry home for him because when it comes
to tip time the guests that this hotel
will come for a week and all the tipping
would be at the end and I'd say poor guy
at the end he's not going to get any
tips he did not entertain his table and
then at the end of the week we Busboys
sometimes would compare our tips yes
that's what we did so how does it sounds
dumb when you talk about it now but we
would we take out like our bills you
know her singles and her stuff put them
in a little pile out of bed and then we
count them up and see who did the best
thing
week and Willie would beat me every
single week every week Willie got more
tips than I did by giving almost no
service they were practically begging
for coffee my people they couldn't get
enough coffee for me I was like spraying
coffee everywhere yeah coffee coffee
coffee and it wasn't until I was old
enough to become a customer in a
restaurant that I learned and this is an
important tip for you if you decide to
become a waiter it turns out and that
was quite surprised by this that people
do not go out to dinner with their
friends and loved ones so that they can
spend that time talking to the server I
didn't know that I thought well they're
going out to dinner obviously part of
the reason is to see me so Willie was
lazy but he was also the best the best
waiter in the place because he didn't
bother the people somebody says they
love this story that worked in
restaurants for 25 years you know the
the the best server you'll ever have it
in any kind of a restaurant situation is
one where you you can't remember them if
you leave a restaurant or in let's say
it's the end of the that's the end of
the meal and you you pick up the check
and you say to yourself I don't remember
where this you know who sent the cheque
down I can't remember who the server is
I can't remember I guess I never had to
ask for anything I had a fork when I
needed it my food came I don't even
remember the server 30% tip I am if I
can't remember you you're getting a 30%
tip cuz that's nailing it anyway there's
nothing to do with why you're here it's
just a little little walking through the
past all right number one for today you
have to say because most of you you're
interested in the the hearings today
before the hearings make sure you read
breitbart
and specifically I tweeted it Joel
Pollock's article in which he calls out
what some of the
important parts of the transcript are
and here's the fun part
he shows you what the Democrats don't
tell you also from the transcript so
it's here's what the Democrats said and
it's in the transcript and here's the
part they didn't tell you which kind of
refutes the first part or it clarifies
it so to see it in that format is
somewhat brilliant and I think Joel is
probably going to have some more of
these and it's one of the most one of
the most useful pieces of journalistic
reporting you'll ever see I have to tell
you when I read it as I was reading
through it I could feel my opinion of
the whole situation changing in real
time because it was stuff I'd never
heard and it's right from the
transcripts right from the transcript
and I hadn't heard it and it was
important so I feel as though we're not
being served by the media in general but
joel has stepped up and done some
incredible work for us all joel is also
the first person who told me that PGE
apparently had donated hundreds of
thousands of dollars to governor Newsom
in California and for his wife's I guess
some charity she was working on and
what's the biggest problem in California
the biggest problem in California is pg
a well that in the homeless I suppose
and and we've got this enormous
financial disincentive for the governor
to get tough with PG&E if he needs to so
that's something also I didn't hear
anything from any other source so kudos
to Joel all right let's see one of the
things you keep hearing about Trump is
that he's tweeting and he's tweeting
policies instead of working through the
normal thing and now you're hearing that
he sends Rudy Giuliani Giuliani to do
some stuff that maybe we have official
official you know diplomats to do and if
you've never worked in a big company
you're saying to yourself whoa this is
suspicious how could a leader send one
group had to do
the official people who it's their job
to do it and simultaneously send out a
completely different person or team to
do the same job at the same time who
does that
what kind of disorganized oh that's
right all of them if you've ever worked
in a big company and I've done comics on
this very thing it's actually fairly
typical for the CEO to assign the same
job to two different groups or people
for different reasons sometimes
sometimes it's miscommunication
sometimes he figures one can't do it
sometimes he thinks there's something
that one team can do a little
differently whatever reason it's the
most common thing in the world to assign
two completely different people and one
of the things we learned from the
transcript and I think Joel Pollock's
writing told me this is that even the
diplomats did not think that was unusual
or wrong so I think it was Bill Taylor I
may have the names wrong but I think he
was the one who said yeah that's not
even unusual to have you know dava's
civilian go out and do a little work
also for the president even if it's in
their domain it wasn't that unusual so
put these two things together three
things if you count all the deep state
Rush occlusion stuff there is something
like a deep state
we know from nikki Haley that members of
the president's staff tried to thwart
his his orders we know that we know that
he's had to tweet and send rudy giuliani
to do things that apparently he just
can't get regular deep state career
people to do and so if Trump didn't have
twitter I don't think he could do
anything because he has this ability to
simply tell the public what's going to
happen and just go completely past is
all of it as diplomats and all of his
deep State and everything he could go
right to the people and then it makes
the the deep state and the diplomats and
those guys then they have to cooperate
because the orders out and had
they explained not doing their job to
the public I mean you could you can game
the system and say well I'm gonna get
around to it and maybe we should have
meeting first and just not do stuff but
once the public knows you're not doing
stuff it's a little bit more pressure so
it seems to me that Trump is sending a
rudy giuliani to do stuff and Trump
tweeting are two of the ways he works
around the fact that a normal president
and especially an abnormal president
can't get people to do stuff or at least
I can't guess can't get him to do stuff
his way now you may remember that I
created what I call the the hoax funnel
for the the old fine people hoax and the
idea was that when you start debating
people you can debunk every point but
they just keep going down to smaller and
smaller points until there are none left
and then they reach the bottom and there
and you've debunked everything they've
said what do they do start at the top
again like it never happened and you're
seeing this with the Ukraine hoax so I
just slapped together a little bit of a
an order of how people surrender to me
when I debate them on this topic on
Twitter so it starts like this
president Trump committed a crime with
that phone call and that quid pro quo
it's extortion so that was so when they
say they committed a crime I usually say
something like well Alan Dershowitz well
you know arguably the best lawyer
working says there's no crime and by the
way and then of course people say yeah
but he's he's in Trump's pocket to which
I say but you know they even the top
Democrats have stopped saying it's a
crime because isn't you don't see Pelosi
and Schiff saying it's a crime to you
know correct a fact check me on that but
it seems to me that they've they've
moved off it's technically a crime and
they moved on to it's inappropriate in
an in an impeachable way so fact check
me on that but I think that's true
when she moved people off the idea that
there's some crime on the books that was
violated they don't go away and say oh I
didn't know that there's no crime okay I
guess there's no no reason to impeach
they never do that somebody say that
Dershowitz lost credibility because of
the Epstein connection no he didn't if
you want a good lawyer he want
Dershowitz Dershowitz will never tell
you that his job is to only to only be a
lawyer for innocent people it's nobody's
lawyer job to be a lawyer only for the
innocent you need a system in which
there are qualified people who will take
take every case so Dershowitz actually
just did good work on that that's not
reducing his effectiveness anyway but
when people get off of the there's a
crime what did they go down to they go
down to well it's not a crime per se but
it's a quid pro quo and then I point out
that Ukraine didn't know the aid was
withheld which I wasn't sure about until
just recently having seen enough of the
doubts largely through Joel etc and so
you say well the you know the Ukraine
did and you didn't even know Ukraine
wasn't even aware plus there's a report
that Trump was asked directly is this a
quid pro quo and he said directly no
pretty quid pro quo so suppose you say
all right I looked at the transcript
it's not there directly but indirectly
he doesn't really need to say it okay
sure he didn't say it's quid pro quo he
didn't say it but it was implied and
then I say well you know where else quid
pro quo is employed every conversation
between leaders you can't turn off quid
pro quo because that's why leaders talk
in the first place I got something you
want you got something I want and again
you don't have to say specifically what
it is if if Netanyahu and Trump have a
good meeting do they have to say I'm
being nice to you so you'll give us
foreign aid be nice to you
they'll have to say it because it's
quid-pro-quo
from them from the moment they set the
meeting to the time they fly away
there's nothing but quid pro quo so
let's say I guess somebody to understand
that they go okay every interaction this
quid pro quo I was sure so it's not a
crime and it doesn't it's not really
relevant if it's a quid pro quo because
that just would be every interaction so
they usually back down to well if he
knew it was okay why didn't he have bill
barr do it why the president should
never get involved especially if it's
involves a competitor presidents should
never get involved that's the problem
the problem is the president got
involved if you just let bill Barr to it
that would be okay but the president got
involved that makes it inappropriate to
which I say if bill Barr could have done
this on his own why would the president
even need the phone call if that was
gonna work if if Ukraine was gonna do
everything that bill Barr asked him to
do Trump didn't need to make the phone
call obviously that wasn't gonna work
what happens in any big company when he
can't get when you can't get some other
organization to do what you need you go
to your mutual bosses you say can you
talk to them boss the boss and then that
will let the the employees the people
who are lower ranked do their job
because now they know both know that
their bosses want this so that's all
that happened
the most normal thing in any big company
is for the bosses to have to agree in
order for the lower ranked people to do
anything so and when I explain that away
then then my opponent will go down the
hoax funnel and they'll say yeah but if
everything was okay
why did they try to hide it by putting
it on the secure server to which I say
according to the transcripts and again I
just learned this from reading Breitbart
and according to the transcripts that
was normal completely normal there was
nothing about that was that was unusual
so it's been reported that it's unusual
but when the actual
diplomat was interviewed whoever it was
I forget the diplomat said no this
normal ordinary business so and then I
say if he was trying if you had been
trying to hide it would there not have
been fewer people in the room because
that's how you hide things do you think
Trump doesn't know how to minimize the
number of people who hear something that
they shouldn't hear yeah he probably
didn't even know who was listening he
probably assumed foreign powers were
bugging him because that's probably
pretty common and then he apparently
they were asking for a public statement
from Ukraine which clearly would have
tied back to the administration so there
was actually nothing that's President
did the suggests that was supposed to be
hidden in fact everything suggests there
should have been public that's why he
wanted more than I think he wanted it to
be public which would have of course
implied that that the US was behind the
Ukraine so everybody would have figured
that it does all right so then if you
keep going down the the funnel we we've
we've gotten rid of it's a crime turns
out there's no crime quid pro quo turns
out that's a normal business well he
didn't actually say quid pro quo but
even if you imagine it was implied
that's every interaction among leaders
he tried to hide it no he didn't he
tried to make it public he tried to do
the opposite of finding it and then any
and of course he released the transcript
and as begging people to read it so then
there's a question of whether this
little shadow government with Rudy
Giuliani was was good or appropriate and
it turns out it's normal now what Rudy
did specifically I'm not judging I'm
just saying they have it having a second
you know entity that's not not part of
the normal process do this stuff kind of
normal and then I find that my debaters
have gone all the way down the hoax from
the really bad stuff like it's illegal
bow-bow and they get down to abuse of
power to which the answer is isn't it a
beaut
the power to get what the citizens want
in other words I wanted to know if if
the Biden's have any problems in Ukraine
I'm sure you wanted to know if if the
voters want to know and then your
president goes out and gets it for you
and it uses his power to do it is that
an abuse of power or is that why we
elected him didn't we elect him to use
his power to get us things that we want
so he went out and he used his power to
at least try to get us information that
we the voters would like to know I mean
Biden is at the top of the polls don't
you want to know a few cranes got some
leverage on him of course you do
even the people who support him are
probably kind of thinking in the back of
their mind it'd be awfully nice if we
knew he was clean and probably is and by
the way well I mean let me say this for
the record I don't have any information
that would say that Joe Biden is dirty
we have plenty of information to know
that just son was swampy with Purisima
but not illegal so then then I was
debating with somebody and got him all
the way to the bottom of the hoax funnel
and the last thing he started to say was
that Trump was violating a norm a norm
to which I said that's why he was
elected violating norms that's not a bug
that's a feature that's a feature he was
elected to violate norms he wasn't
elected to violate laws if that happens
people got a problem even his supporters
are going to have a problem but if he
violates a norm in the service of
getting voters information that they
want as much as he does violate those
norms all day long so and then of course
you also have to ask who's that who are
the victims and sometimes you'll get
this argument you'll get that the
president compromised foreign relations
to which I say
what well it would be an example of
something that went wrong or will go
wrong or should go wrong or could go
wrong what exactly goes wrong when he is
violated I don't know he's compromised
or four can you give me an example can
you tell me what it cost can you tell me
what new risk I can't see anything I
don't see anything that happened in fact
the the country that was supposed to be
the victim of all this they don't they
didn't know what was happening the
victim the Ukraine didn't know that
their Aid was being withheld and by the
way we also learned that the javelin
rockets which were the important things
because they're the ones that kill the
the Russian tanks and if you don't have
tanks it's kind of hard to hold
territory I'm no military mind but it
seems to me that if you can stop Russian
tanks you're pretty much have stopped
the invasion if you don't have a tank
you're not going to hold territory so
well and you're not gonna be able to
take territory so well so the javelins
pretty much take the Russian tank force
and end of the game which probably ends
their ability to take over Ukraine at
least in any way that we know about so
that already happened and that wasn't
even being withheld so here's where you
get to the bottom of the the hoax well
once I've debunked its you know it's
against the law quid pro quo
it's normal everything's normal he
wasn't trying to hide it he was trying
to make it public and Senator and you
get to the bottom and then I then I try
to turn around and I turn it around like
this and I say this if the President had
not asked for that information
in other words if he had not asked
what's the deal with Biden and and in
Hunter Biden what's their deal and do
they have any problems over there in
Ukraine that would cause any influence
should he become elected if President
Trump had not asked for that
investigation he should be impeached
because that's not even doing your job
if you think that the guy who is polling
to be the next president of the United
States as a as an obvious public
connection to Ukraine and one that the
entire public would like to know about
you better look into it if you don't I
would say you're not protecting the
country
maybe you should be impeached for that
all right so that's the bottom of the
hoax the hopes thing I just tweeted out
sixty minutes interview from I don't
know how many years ago in which they
actually talked to they hunted down the
guy in China who's the top fentanyl
dealer in China no not one of the nine
who just got arrested and sentenced to
life but there's some guy and his son we
have their pictures we know that where
they are and 60-minutes found him on the
street actually found him at a
supermarket and interviewed him the top
fentanyl dealer in China so obviously
China the government can find this guy
China the government could arrest him
China the government could stop him
tomorrow he's the top dealer over there
but they haven't because we hear about
it if they ever stop that guy
that would be headline news so they
haven't so we can conclude that China
has no interest in stopping the fentanyl
business coming this way and therefore
there is no chance that we the United
States should make a any kind of a trade
deal with them that could help them in
any way so yeah you know it's weird that
somebody said somebody was jokingly and
I have to throw in the jokingly this is
not serious said I should take Han a
contract on them and are you wondering
why that's not already a thing are you
surprised that nobody is using
cryptocurrency to order hits and people
in other countries I don't want to
suggest it cuz I'll probably be the
first one to get hit but makes you
wonder why it's not a thing so news out
of Iran is that their economy is
crumbling
and they got real problems because
they're not being able to sell their oil
apparently there are oil experts is
there oil exports you know are
one-twentieth 5% of what they used to be
5% which means Iran is pretty much in
trouble so I don't know how Iran ends
because they're you know they're
cranking up there I guess they're
refining the nuclear fuel and they're
trying to suggest that you know they're
getting all tough like that but it feels
as though it feels as though it's sort
of our race sort of a time race I think
we have to keep the pressure on until
the Ayatollah dies of natural causes
because he's in his 80s right the same
that might be five years it could be
eight years whatever but I think you
just need a different leader Oh
somebody's saying that ordering a hit by
Krypto was what took down the Silk Road
I don't know about that I don't know
anything about that story let me
alright so Iran has had them in a
direction that looks like something's
got to give so we don't know what that
will be but we'll see now so another
news so one of my followers Terry kinder
I don't know if I'm pronouncing right
kinder or kinder at tea kinder had this
great thoughts that I haven't seen
anywhere yes i retweeted it was that
essentially that the Democrats have
locked themselves into a trap and it
goes like this I I hope I'm saying it
right because it was so clever and so
right in front of you that that I missed
it but it goes like this if Joe Biden
suddenly gets much less support
drops in the polls it's gonna look like
it was because of Ukraine right so if
Joe Biden drops in the polls people will
say oh the Ukraine thing got him and if
that's true it will also be a validation
of Trump looking into it so if Biden
goes down it looks like Trump was right
all along
that the Ukraine thing was important and
it needed to be looked into because you
would see that the public would be
responding to it as important now it
could be that the public is just
changing their mind for other reasons
but the way it would be interpreted
interpreted not truth but the way it
would be interpreted is that Ukraine
took Biden down now if they let Biden go
down it makes the president
locked for re-election because the
impeachment thing just falls apart and
there's nothing left and and he would
have taken a button but what if Biden
stays in if he stays in then president
Trump gets to run against the weakest
candidate ever fielded for the
presidency and he wins reelection in in
in a stroll so the Democrats have
created two situations with Ukraine I
think yeah I'd love to tell you it's for
DHS and the president had this all
figured out and it's nothing like that
it was just chance that we got here but
they only have two two ways to lose and
no way to win either Biden goes away
which makes the president right to take
some Pietschmann off the table and
everybody says yeah it looks like we
should have looked into this Biden thing
everybody cared or he stays in the race
and he doesn't have a chance I don't
think there's anybody in the race who
thinks he has a chance I said this under
Dave Rubens show yesterday I did Dave
Rubens
the Dave Rubin report a show and so that
you'll see that pretty soon I'll tweet
it around when it plays but I was I was
saying that I had never met a Biden
supporter
and and Dave laughed because it's one of
those things that the first time you
hear it it makes you laugh because you
hadn't realized it yet and why you
haven't realized as how could he be the
top polling candidate in the whole
country and I live and I live in
California and I've never met one person
who supports him how about this have you
ever seen anybody support Biden a pundit
on television who wasn't working for the
campaign have you ever seen it no you
haven't even seen anybody on CNN
supporting Biden unless they worked for
the campaign now there are people who
have not said bad things about him but
the only people you've ever seen support
him are his campaign and his wife that's
it
nobody else and when you realize that
you have to ask yourself is it are the
polls completely fake what's happening
is it only the people who are not paying
attention my theory is that the his
support comes entirely from people who
haven't seen him lately because if you
see them lately you know there's
something wrong so I think people have a
memory of him that's all positive
because the Obama you're my I'm seeing
the super it's just going crazy right
now so I must have said something you
like but just think about it start
asking this question around yes ask if
you can find any Obama support I'm sorry
any Biden support what are the odds I
would never never find one I yeah i
think i think i know supporters of every
time speaking of that by the way i did
make contact with the tulsi gabbard
campaign and i told you i'd been
contacted before but they followed up
and we're talking about you know
national date to bring her on as a guest
so it looks like
tulsi gabbard will be the first sort of
presidential candidate to have on my
little periscope here my influential
little periscope I'll let you know when
that's going to happen all right
those were the topics I was playing so I
don't have a date for when I'll talk to
Tulsi Gabbard but will we're working
that out so I gave them some
possibilities if you're not reading the
comments you missing something so funny
horrible comments I'm sorry that was too
funny so uh whoever said something that
made me laugh you know who you are and
that was very funny
I was totally everybody inappropriate
which is what made it funny oh wow
that's funny
the chef is still claiming he doesn't
know that whistle blowers that can't be
true he can't be claiming that so today
is my last day in LA and go talk to
dennis prager I talked to Adam Carolla
yesterday dr. Drew came in right after I
was done with Adam Carolla's I get to
talk to him and let me run something
past you so you saw the idea I guess
Texas is already doing it
maybe California's considering it which
is using some federal or state land to
move their homeless to so that at least
that are not you know pooping on
sidewalks and interacting with people
who who would find some danger in that
and uh when I heard that I thought that
is borderline great idea because these
are people who don't want to live
indoors for whatever reason they're
already in tents wouldn't they rather be
a tent in a forest or in a place that's
meant for it versus a tent on the
sidewalk where you don't have you know
facilities and stuff so to be a sound
like Oh brilliant idea
brilliant idea we'll just move those
homeless people to a place where it's
basically camping and the weather is
good all the time or at least could not
and their lives would be much better and
everybody wins right and I ran that by
dr. Drew and he brought me back to
reality now do you know what's wrong
with the plan is it obvious to you
because it I thought it was a good plan
and then exactly 30 seconds of hearing
dr. Drew tell me why it wasn't changed
my mind here's the problem the problem
is mental illness and drug use in the
overlap mentally ill people don't take
logical offers so what I was thinking is
hey guy in the street wouldn't you
rather be in this nice wooded area you
could have same amount of drugs
everything the same
you just have a nicer tent and a nicer
place wouldn't you like that but that
meant that assumes that you're talking
to rational people who can make rational
decisions and there's nothing like that
so unless you could force them to move
and you can't apparently apparently a
California you just can't do that
there's no way to make that work it
wouldn't matter how much better their
life was camping they just wouldn't want
to do it because they have mental
illness and drug addiction so every time
I think I've got an answer dr. drew
reminds me that I'm forgetting the the
primary thing which is it's not a
homeless problem that that should be
your mantra it's not a homeless problem
just run that loop every time you hear
the story it's not a homeless problem
it's a drug a mental illness problem and
if we don't treat that first which
probably requires force I can't imagine
any other way it would work we probably
need laws that would allow law
enforcement or the medical
community to institutionalize people who
can't make decisions for themselves so I
don't I don't see it happening because I
don't see the law allowing that anytime
soon maybe I'm seeing more and more the
word zombie it's like in a zombie
apocalypse and having seen my own
stepson when when he was alive under the
influence of whatever the opioids were
that were in his body I can confirm that
it's like a zombie apocalypse that
somebody with a certain amount of
opioids in them there's a body there and
the body is moving and it's doing things
but there's no there's nobody home you
know whatever's happening in their heads
is not even remotely like it's not like
a junk a drunk person it's not like
being stoned it's not like being stupid
it's not like being crazy it's like
there's just nobody there but the body
works and there was one point I thought
I was gonna have to beat the out of
my own steps on which would have been
not the easiest thing to do because he
was bigger than me but but I could have
gotten it done if I needed to because
one day he was he was under the
influence and his body was big and he
was threatening some people who were not
intentionally but in his lack of control
he was in a threatening situation and it
was up to me to stop it now fortunately
I guess I'm really good at threatening
because it didn't come - didn't come to
a physical altercation but it was right
on the edge and it was it was right on
the edge where I had to take him down
but I but I didn't have to in the end
and so that's what you're dealing with
you're dealing with a zombie apocalypse
in which people who used to be normal
and human are combined with some kind of
a drug and the combination of the drug
plus the person creates another creature
sort of a zombie creature now we hope
this summer
can be recovered and become once again
fully human but at the moment it is very
much like a zombie apocalypse and it's
growing so it's sort of scary all right
um kind of looks like an open coffin
behind me it sort of does
I didn't want to tell you how I'm a
vampire all right I got stuff to do
today I'm gonna go do that stuff let's
all watch the I might miss some of the
hearings but I'll catch the good stuff
and I'll talk to you later