hey everybody Scott did not make it it
was too dark in California so I'm Dale
I'm Dale and I'll be doing today's
periscope for Scott who is sort of a
dope he's sort of an idiot I love the
way I said that it was so clever so this
morning will be will be coffee with Dale
Scott couldn't make it it's too dark in
California because we don't have light
in California lots of lots of big
countries like Ukraine have things like
electricity power they've got
electricity and power in places like
Honduras and you know other places where
people think they're coming to a better
place
hahahaha joke on them they had power
when they laugh they came to California
no power so I'm Dale and I'd like to
lead you through a very dark California
coffee with Dale and all you need is a
copper mug or a glass some kind of Stein
or maybe a chalice or possibly attacker
a thermos of last a canteen a Grail the
Goblet a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like tea enjoy me
now for the simultaneous up it's
terrible it's terrible you're gonna have
a terrible day today and so as Dale I
would like to talk about all the bad
things happening in the world wait a
minute
all the second somebody's calling me
hold on hold on don't go anywhere
oh there it is
Dale Dale Dale Dale it's hard to tell
the difference between Dale and
whistleblower 3 they look a lot alike
but let's do it right will you join me
in the proper simultaneous sip
Dale just can't do it right Dale all
right join me now for the simultaneous
sip the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
go oh oh that's the way to do it
Dale can't do anything right so so let
me give you an update on California so
yesterday the the schedule in California
is that I was supposed to my town we're
supposed to lose its electricity
potentially or probably or something
at noon yesterday so at first I thought
it was going to be a Midna yesterday you
know the start of the day and then that
it was noon so I couldn't really do much
yesterday because you just sort of sat
around waiting for the power to go out
I'll tell you one thing most of the
people I talked to had no idea that
there was even a potential for a power
outage of that type where they just
turned out the lights and wait until the
day before or the day of their people
were found out about that the day of
including me I thought it was a joke
Cristina said oh that they're gonna turn
off the power for you know 12 hours or
something I thought no they're not what
kind of weird conspiracy theory are you
falling for Christina and that I saw was
real and then I thought wow we really
need another governor let me let me tell
you if you live in the state where you
wake up and that same day you learn for
the first time ever that you might lose
a leg
for the whole day because your state
does not have an infrastructure that can
support electricity and you're just
finding out about it you have to get rid
of your governor right away you
shouldn't I you know I hate that we even
have to wait for an election now had our
governor said you know we've got this
problem it could happen any day now
we're working on it we're doing what we
can but we have to warn you sometime in
the next several months we might have to
do this thing now if that had been the
case I would feel a little bit
differently about it I'd feel well
there's a problem it's a hard one
somebody's communicating with us there
they're working on it they have
something like a plan nothing like
that's happening I mean at least I
haven't noticed
maybe I don't watch enough local news
but we desperately need to get rid of
our governor there aren't too many
things that would make me say that but
sitting around waiting for the frickin
lights to go off there isn't the
slightest chance this guy can get
reelected is there can you get reelected
when you just made all of your voters
sit there waiting for the lights to go
out in the most technologically advanced
place on the frickin planet Earth have
you heard of Silicon Valley it's here
you get that Silicon Valley that's here
the smartest technologists in the
universe they're here you can't figure
out how to keep the lights on on this
state that includes Silicon Valley you
can't make that work there's there's
nothing in your head that says you know
what can we do technologically to prop
to properly prepare to have electricity
in the state of California
anybody we could talk to anybody who's
got some ideas anybody's got some money
my god if you can't keep the lights on
in California just leave you know Gavin
Newsom should just wait until the lights
go out and then just slink away to
another state I could not be more
embarrassed to be the governor of a
state if it's California that can't keep
its lights on now if you told me that
New Mexico was having a problem with
their grid I would say well poor New
Mexico New Mexico doesn't have as many
resources doesn't have the money doesn't
maybe not even the you know that the the
human capital to keep the lights on I
would say to myself man maybe we should
do something to help New Mexico because
they don't have the same resources as
big States maybe they need some help but
if you can't keep the lights on in
California and you're not going to tell
the public you know heads up not going
to tell us what you're doing not gonna
tell us how you're working on it time
for a new governor all right that's
enough of that
oh by the way the lights didn't go out
yesterday I and I don't have an update
about whether or not they went out in
other places and maybe they did but my
town the lights didn't go out I don't
know why and I don't know why still go
out today so maybe it'll happen today
I don't have any information I don't
know it doesn't surprise you how many
sons of Democrats have worked for a
Ukrainian oil companies there's one I'm
forgetting but maybe you can fill me in
so is Pelosi son Kerry son and Biden son
and there was one other right who was
the other the other Democrat son
somebody tell me in the comments but
really what are the chances that all of
those Democrats would have a family
member working for a Ukrainian
Ukrainian company what are the odds of
that really and I was I was asking
myself if is there something wrong with
Chelsea Clinton that she wasn't on a
board of a Ukrainian oil company I mean
really what's wrong with Chelsea Clinton
is his sexism
why can't Chelsea get importance he had
a Ukrainian oil company I feels like she
be a natural given the pattern here's an
interesting thing coal usage in the
United States is expected to decline 14
percent this year which would be on top
of large declines going back to the
Obama administration mostly because of
alternatives cheap gas and in some
renewables so it turns out that the
market is working the market economy is
solving what the government can't do
anything about or doesn't know it's real
or whatever in in terms of climate
change so the United States simply by
waking up and going to work is solving
one of the biggest problems in the world
which is climate by just some natural
reduction in the amount of coal this
used because the market has less demand
for coal than it has for other things
that are cleaner and in some cases
cheaper so it this is another one of
those cases where capitalism just sort
of takes care of business if you wait
long enough yeah sometimes the problem
is you don't want to wait then you add
on top of that that as I have said
before Bill Gates is company terraPower
just just as just one example has a
fully functional design for a generation
for nuclear plant if they can get it
permit it someplace that they can test
it and if you don't know generation four
means that there's no danger of meltdown
because it's designed that if it loses
power it just stops working whereas the
current versions the older versions if
they lose power
is a danger of losing containment the
new designs don't have that risk at all
and they also eat nuclear waste that
already exists so it reduces waste and
it could be economical if you built them
you know a standardized way so we've got
that sitting out there that the market
economy makes possible because there are
people were willing to invest in it and
it's just sort of sitting out there the
only thing that it needs is President
Trump
probably so weirdly president Trump's
the person who believes that or has said
many times that climate change is a hoax
now I don't take that literally but I do
think that he's talking about China and
getting one over on the rest of well
getting one over on the United States
because China would not have the same
restrictions and the Paris climate
Accords as the u.s. would didn't so it
would be an unfair thing so in that way
it's clearly not a good deal
but whatever the President believes
about the actual risk of warming he is
you know sort of the face of climate
denial and given that he's the face of
climate denial it is the weirdest thing
that he is the one person on earth who
could simply go on television and solve
all of the risk of climate change how
did it how did this simulation get to
the point where there's there's one
person in the world who just has to go
on television basically and say you know
if you let Bill Gates get licensed we'll
probably take care of all your problems
about climate change because we'll have
a a working robust generation for
nuclear plant we will probably have to
tweak it a little bit but then we just
clone it and we've got free clean not
free but economical clean risk-free
power for the rest of eternity or at
least until fusion kicks in and all the
president has to do is say look it's
really hard to get a permit but we're
gonna put all of our attention on making
this happen so if somebody can't get
something done give me their name well
literally give me their name as
president of the United States who is it
who's stopping Bill Gates from getting
to build the first prototype of this
generation for plant because he has the
money is fully designed oh here's a fun
fact listen to this fact do you know
that all existing nuclear power plants
in this country were designed before
computers just just hold that thought
for a moment all existing nuclear power
plants the ones that are operating in
the United States were all designed
before computers slide rulers now does
that feel safe to you that feel safe
well not so much Bill Gates's design
which he's looking for a place to do is
designed and fully simulated with
supercomputers supercomputers so they've
got a pretty good idea you know how
those things are going to operate these
thoughts are build it to be sure so
imagine a president Trump say look I'll
just I'll find a way to get this done
faster than it should take I think it
would take 40 years to get something
approved in our current system just
bring me the name of the person who's
not not doing the job who is it who's
dragging their feet well who is it who
doesn't have the resources give me their
name this is a guy named Bob Bob call me
Bob why can't you get your part of this
licensing thing done Bob what are you
doing that's more important Bob then
getting this done maybe work a little
longer today Bob you're saving the
entire planet now maybe the president
doesn't think that but certainly the
president would be in favor of the
United States being the leader in a new
form of nuclear energy do you think
president Trump would enjoy being the
president who initiated a whole new era
of clean safe nuclear energy Bill Gates
blessed and funded to get it going
do you think President Trump would like
to be that
president well he should I don't know
what I would like more than that maybe
the only thing cooler than that would be
what space force we know he likes that
so how weird is it that the entire
really the entire climate change risk
has come down to one person doing one
thing one person is President Trump and
the one thing is figuring out a way for
Bill Gates and Tara power to get
licensed in a expeditious way for
someplace in the United States now I
don't know what their limitations are
about where they need to locate maybe
they need to be near an existing grid or
something so there may be some
limitations but you can't tell me
there's any place in the whole United
States that wouldn't allow Bill Gates to
put the safest nuclear power plant in
the world at least we assume it's safest
based on design all right New York Times
has obviously turned on Joe Biden which
is sort of all you need to know right if
you're wondering to yourself hey will
Joe Biden get the nomination well to
consider this factoid the New York Times
just ran a giant a giant I guess sort of
that head opinion piece written by the
guy who wrote Clinton cash Schweitzer is
the author now the person who wrote
Clinton cash is obviously hit major
anti-democrat and he did a big opinion
piece calling out to Biden for not doing
anything illegal but for basically
enriching himself with Ukraine now I'm
not saying that's credible or not
credible I'm not saying it's true or
false I don't know
you know the whole Ukraine thing I don't
know if any of us really know what's
going on there but the fact that the New
York Times highlighted it to the point
where the the Biden campaign is
complaining about it they officially
complained
and publicly I guess about the New York
Times coverage that kinda tells you that
the Democrats are not going to support
Biden and it also tells me that they'd
like him to get off the stage as quickly
as possible every day that Biden is
still in the race is a bad day for all
Democrats and I think that they're all
starting to realize that because Biden
is becoming their brand and I think even
a Democrat would would acknowledge that
the following facts are kind of damning
as expressed and one of the best tweets
you'll ever see in your life now I say
this a lot right when I talk about
President Trump I say well this is the
best tweet you've ever seen or this is
like a legendary tweet or something I
stand by that I don't think it's
hyperbole to look at the body of
president Trump's work and say that not
every tweet of course but there are some
of them there that are just legendary I
mean they're you couldn't even imagine
you know designing better communication
you know nuggets than these and here's
one this is just so beautiful just the
construction of it it just makes me it
just makes me happy to see how well this
is done so it's a two-parter the first
part of the tweet is that Eric Trump
does a tweet then the second part which
is what makes this powerful is what the
President did in his retweet and comment
all right so it's a two-parter which
makes it beautiful the first part is
Eric Trump now keep in mind that this is
the president's son that's important to
the story so presidents from son Eric
Trump tweets this board members of Exxon
Mobil one of the world's largest and
most prestigious energy companies make
three hundred and thirty thousand
dollars annually hunter Biden with no
industry knowledge or duties was being
paid $600,000 annually all of this while
the average annual salary in Ukraine is
seventeen hundred dollars per year
so first of all Eric Trump's tweet is
brilliant it's clean it's easy to
understand there is no opinion here
there's no opinion right he gives you
three facts that you could check
yourself is it a fact that X on one of
the in one of the richest countries in
the world is paying people $330,000 to
be in the board probably I mean imagine
if you check that that's gonna be true
is it true that hunter Biden with no
industry knowledge or duties was being
paid you know almost twice that by the
poorest country around Ukraine looks
like that's true looks like that's true
and then is it also true that the
average annual salary just to give you
some context in Ukraine is seventeen
hundred dollars per year probably that's
probably true this is a really strong
tweet but it gets better the president
retweets it with his own comment now
here's the beauty of it this is this is
why this is like you know for D chest
the president is retweeting his son who
doesn't have any of these problems Eric
Trump doesn't have any of these hunter
Biden problems Eric Trump is just
somebody that seems to be trying to make
a better world has some you know great
kids you know is his family look strong
just a solid supporter of the president
doesn't have any of the problems that
hunter Biden has right so that's the
first brilliant part about it so Eric
Trump has made three comparisons a fact
that are really strong when put together
just boom boom boom three bullet points
damn that's wrong and he's Eric Trump so
it's not just that he said something
that was concise and well-organized it's
that he's Eric Trump right that's the
important part that makes this next
level so then the president retweets his
successful and respected son and says
where is hunter Biden he has disappeared
well well the fate news
as crooked daddy now this just couldn't
be any better so that what the president
does so well is comparisons he's like
the king of comparisons and comparisons
are really the key to persuasion right
because everything that you do or want
to do or think about or your priorities
everything is compared to what so you
know you like things compared to other
things you hate things compared to other
things so the world is a comparison the
president treats it that way it always
gives you really good comparisons so
here he is giving you the comparison
between hunter Biden who's literally
hiding and Eric Trump who's literally
tweeting so Eric Trump is in this
example he is in public Here I am
I'm Eric Trump anybody looking for me
I'm right here Eric Trump I'm tweeting
and then the president throws in his
comparison so now you're on the fourth
comparison alright so Eric Trump gave
you three things to compare all you know
that's all a plus persuasion technique
comparisons are strong and then the
president throws him just the the
closing comparison without was saying
look how good Eric Trump is compared to
hunter Trump he doesn't have to say it
because it's just right there you can
see it all right so that's the beauty if
he if he'd compared it would have been
going too far you wouldn't want the
president to say Eric Trump's doing
great you know hunter Biden's not doing
so great you wouldn't want to do that
but just the fact he puts them out there
at the same time you can't help you
can't help saying to yourself okay Joe
Biden produced hunter Biden but
president Trump produced Eric Trump who
wins
not not Biden all right and now the
other part I love about this is the
president likes to focus the news where
he wants it to be focused and so he's
focusing on where is hunter Biden so
he's bringing out to the fact the hunter
Biden is literally hiding he's hiding
now I wasn't completely aware of the
fact that hunter Biden was sort of
invisible in this I just thought well
he's keeping his head down maybe he
hasn't commented or something but I'm
not even sure we know where he is do we
does the press even know where he is
physically because they're not are they
camped outside his house no one's seen
him
somebody says he's he's hanging around
with Jelena Jelena Maxwell I don't think
so but well get real now but but the
fact that the president is using the
power of the presidency to say where is
this guy where's hunter Biden how do you
ignore that how could you possibly
ignore the President of the United
States saying where's hunter Biden and
so what is that what does the news do
now say yeah we don't care anything
ignore that it's so beautiful so again I
don't think I'm overstating how
perfectly constructed both of these
tweets are Eric trump nailing it the
president nailing the comment and
nailing the focus of the press creating
perfect context without going too far
about you know saying my kids better
than your kid but that's what it says
that's really well done who else is
doing that
right let me let me let me give you a
comparison I I'm a little unprepared
here but let me go over to Twitter and I
had I don't know how this will work out
so I'm gonna do a little live
experiments so I'm gonna look up Carla
Harris's Twitter feed
and say that might be a pinned tweet so
I don't want to do the pin tweet so here
is so you just heard a tweet from
President Trump that I would consider
like a Hall of Fame Louisville tweet the
totally big-league right this is a
serious knows how to communicate hits
every note Bam Bam Bam now look at Carla
Harris's latest tweet I'm just randomly
picking this
I'm putting Donald Trump and members of
his cabinet on notice
followed by a video of her talking to
some MSNBC guy with no credibility and
and looking worried with the worried
eyes I'm talking about look at my eyes
my my eyebrows telling you that I'm so
concerned because of the eyes are you
noticing my eye is very concerned this
is how not to tweet this sentence I'm
putting Donald Trump and members of his
cabinet on notice that feels like a
legal deposition that you received in
the mail but it wasn't really for you
and it doesn't have any power or
importance there is nothing in this
tweet she's talking like a DMV employee
, lares tweets like a DMV employee now I
take it back I don't want to insult DMV
employees but what I mean is somebody
who is just sort of a bureaucrat who's
just following a set of rules it's like
let me write a memo I must leave out
anything interesting I cannot be
interesting in my memo I don't know how
President Trump loses reelection
I really don't alright so there's a
story now that poor Hillary Clinton is
being dragged into this Matt Lauer story
and Weinstein if you heard the latest
Matt Lauer accusation
well I don't want to be the one who
doubts women let us just acknowledge
that of all the accusations that
wouldn't make a bit about man probably
most of them are true I don't more than
half
but I think we'd all agree that there
are sometimes accusations that may not
be as true as other accusations trouble
is we don't really you can't really tell
you can't always tell just by looking at
the accusation so it is good form and
probably good for the world all things
considered there you err on the side of
you know trusting accusations as being
credible
until you look into it and should you
find out it's not credible changed your
mind but at least has a starting point
as a starting point I think we should
all agree that if somebody says
something you know so horrible happened
to me you should take that quite
seriously and look into it that said the
way that and I'll take the I'll take the
pressure off of the accuser in this the
way the accuser is described in Ronan
Pharos new book I guess this is all
coming out in his new book the way the
encounters and the relationship if you
can call that between Matt Lauer and his
accuser is described I wasn't there so I
don't have an opinion on what's real and
what's not but the way it was described
doesn't look real at all which doesn't
mean it's not real
could be a hundred percent true you
can't I can't no I'm just saying that
the way it was described if you were an
objective observer and you would hear
the description and I'm not going to
recount it by the way you're gonna have
to go research it yourself but the way
it was described does not pass the sniff
test all right I don't think anybody's
disagreeing with that anybody who's read
what the accusation is there are some
details of the accusation and make you
say well that stretches credibility
quite a bit but not impossible I would
certainly not say that the evidence you
know disproves it and there there are
enough accusations against Matt Lauer
that you know I would take anybody
seriously but that last one mm-hmm
this latest one is a little bit Kavanagh
if you know what I mean but in any in
any event it's looking like that Hillary
Clinton got dragged into the story for
Hillary Clinton do you know anybody
who's been attached to more stories of
me doing than Hillary I mean it's the
first of all here only Hillary obviously
as the Bill Clinton problem and then she
gets dragged into the Weinsteins story
and now she's been she's being attached
to somehow to this Matt Lauer story as
you know somebody who tried to protect
him or staffed it or something and I
don't care about the details but poor
Hillary Clinton how many times can you
be pulled into the same sort of sounding
scandal and I'll say again there isn't
any chance that she's going to enter the
race that's not happening all right who
is next after the top three so my belief
is that Biden and Bernie are going to
fade before the primaries are over and
that that would put Elizabeth Warren
solidly at the top but there should be
enough Democrats with money and
influence and experience and all that
who are gonna say oh we actually can't
win with Warren and I think that you
can't win Harley because Trump's just a
better campaigner and partly because she
doesn't come off as authentic partly
because she doesn't seem to excite the
black vote which is pretty important
so suppose they give up on Warren
because they know she can't win her but
it's most the biggest problems through
policies because she has the kind of
policies therefore everyone who says
yeah I would like to get some free
health care there's gonna be a Democrat
who has health care through their
employer who doesn't want to lose it and
they don't want to pay for somebody
else's health care at the same time
while they're losing their health care
and paying for somebody else's that's a
tough proposition for your own party
hey guys on my team I would like you to
lose your good health care be put in a
pool with people who have marginal
health care oh and by the way that's
gonna cost you more she doesn't have a
plan that she can really sell to her own
team and without that what are you gonna
do so let's talk about if moving down
the line let's talk about Buddha judge I
think Buddha judge is fourth place and
the poll is that true but you somewhere
in that range and I I'm trying to figure
out how to talk about this without me
looking like I'm saying something bad so
let me start by saying I'm very Pro gay
I'm as Pro gay as you can get without
actually being gay so I would actually
be I would be interested and amused and
somewhat happy about having a gay
president there's something about that
in the same way that Obama's presidency
was interesting and useful beyond the
fact of his personal abilities because
it marked a marked sort of an important
point in the country you know it was a
psychologically electing a black
president was just one of the best
things the country ever could have done
independent of how you know how well you
think he did his job it was just good to
you know get the country past that
little obstacle I would love to see the
country having a president because of
what it would say about who we are you
know your president
does do a little bit about defining who
you are as country but let me ask you
this if we're being fair would Buddha
judge be received the same in Saudi
Arabia as president Trump ask yourself
that would Buddha judge get the same
level of respect when people are talking
privately you know in public of course
the president of United States will be
treated with respect
wherever he or she goes so you could you
could count on the fact that publicly he
would get all kinds of respect but would
would Putin behind closed doors and
we're assuming that Russia is not so Pro
gay and we're assuming that China's not
too pro gay Saudi Arabia not too pro gay
how many other allies do we have were
not too pro gay would Buddha judge a
handicap the United States not because
of our opinion of our president which I
think would be positive on average but
would it become a problem in dealing
with other countries when people are
dealing with Trump what does their
prejudice tell them about Trump their
prejudice tells them that he's sort of a
strong man dictator impulsive guy right
does that help us or hurt us well it's
hard to sort that out but it might help
us in some cases don't you think it
helps us that people have a a bias there
President Trump is a strong personality
who's gonna you know strongly act on
things and get things done and be a real
powerful personality now that may not be
true it may simply be their own biases
that they're you know projecting onto
our president but likewise because
people are human would some of these
foreign leaders also project something
that's not true
on to a Buddha judge presidency would
they because they're biased or
prejudiced say hey he's gay so therefore
whatever you know maybe he won't be as
tough which would not be true I mean
he's been in the military he's he's
plenty tough enough I'm sure but would
other countries take him seriously now I
think you have to ask the same question
about a woman present but I don't know
that it's the same problem because we've
had enough strong female presidents of
other countries you know Margaret
Thatcher comes to mind an old Golda in
my year for example so there have been
enough examples of strong female
presidents and leaders and countries
that I think other countries might say
well you know maybe we're a little
biased but we've seen this work you know
nobody's questioning whether Margaret
Thatcher was a tough personality so
there's some history that would make
let's say an Elizabeth Warren or a
Hillary Clinton I think they would be
taken pretty seriously by foreign
leaders even if they were primed to be
biased by their culture for example but
because we don't have that same track
record of gay leaders being successful
in strong leaders and other countries
historically they'd have to make up
their mind for the first time and you
have to ask yourself no matter what you
personally think and no matter what the
United States thinks about whoever it
Lex for president and I think Buddha
judge smart enough you know I think he's
got a lot of qualities so I would not
have any negative opinions about him as
a leader except whether I liked his
policies or not about other countries
other countries doesn't matter would kim
jungeun have exactly the same feeling
about buddha judge as he has about
President Trump I think you have to
factor that in and so and then of course
you have enough homophobia in this
country that it might make some impact
on
whether he gets elected in the first
place I don't know how to judge that if
you ever seen any kind of have you ever
seen any kind of a poll about whether
that would affect buda churches chance
of getting elected because I don't even
know if it's positive or negative in
this country do you I don't know what I
work in his favor and it might so so I
don't know I think that Buddha judge the
biggest problem with him is that he
looks too young he doesn't have the
physicality that we expect from the
president it has nothing to do with
being gay of course he's just he's
blessed with a very youthful appearance
he's a good looking youthful looking guy
and I just don't know if that's the the
this I don't know if his signal strength
in a way that American voters tend to be
drawn to it so I think Buddha judge has
some weaknesses belong strengths I have
a lot of respect for him as a candidate
and obviously he's a he's overperformed
I mean I don't think anybody saw him
getting this far really I mean it's
pretty good performance so you have to
say he's strong
what about yang I think yang is a
one-trick pony
yang is popular until he has to talk
about things seriously policy wise as
long as yang can answer every question
with hey how about a thousand dollars a
month or maybe something about
technology or you know robots taking our
jobs or something as long as he can
stick to that stuff he's that cool guy
who was smart and likable and the
skateboards and stuff but I'll I doubt
that the Democrat the Democrats who have
the power and the money and the
influence in the party I doubt they see
him as as being their guy so I don't
think he could get Democrats on his side
Harris we've talked about forever her
her communication and campaigning is the
worst
I've ever seen I've just never seen
worse and she is the the lowest the
worst of all the Democrats and maybe the
worst I've ever seen but as I've said
before she also has the most fixable
problems because she could hire somebody
who could teach her how to tweet she
could fix her body language that's not
hard to do so if she could you know
improve her rhetoric and stop her
nervous laugh and stuff so there are
things she could do that are easily
fixed we don't know if she will but
they're the most easily fixed and then
once you get past the Buddha judge in
Paris you adapt to the one percenters
booker apparently booker just you know
doesn't have enough support so I don't
know what the problem is with cory
booker I mean he's smart enough he's
experienced enough he's he's passionate
he's pro-nuclear if I were a Democrat
I'd be looking pretty hard at cory
booker if i were democrats but for some
reason they don't I don't know exactly
why he's just not connecting and I
wouldn't expect that to change so
whatever that whatever it is that makes
him one percenter that's not going to
change
now obviously Beto is not going to get
in there it doesn't look like Delaney
has a chance just because he seems too
Republican I think I think Delaney just
looks like a Republican if you're if you
happen to be a Democrat then what who
else you have Klobuchar Klobuchar also
is just not exciting people I don't know
exactly what's wrong she seemed solid
she seems pretty solid but she's not
exciting people and I don't expect that
to change then he have Tulsi Gabbard
right everybody wants me to talk about
Tulsi every single day people are
tweeting at me
what about Tulsi what about Tulsi and
here's the thing I've avoided talking
about her until she gets some popularity
you know if she started going up in the
polls and we could talk about her but
she's down with the one
senators and somewhere in that
neighborhood and if she can't make more
of a dent than that then I don't feel
the need to talk about her
yeah the Steyr doesn't have a chance he
just it looks like The Golem steyr just
has a physicality about him that is so
off-putting then he couldn't he couldn't
possibly make it empty so let's let's
put it all together so far which of
those candidates could possibly beat
Trump none right there's nobody in that
group who would have even though even a
little bit of a chance against Trump
yeah all of our elections are going to
be close ish because Democrats will just
you know back their team for the most
part but none of them could get over the
line but which of them could come the
closest and also get Democrats support I
hate to tell you I hate to tell you it's
still Kabul law because all he'd have to
do is fix the smallest easiest to fix
problems just ask somebody to help her
to tweet ask somebody to help her with
some portable lines be a little more
provocative fix their body language all
easy to do and I'll bet I'll bet her
there's must be somebody in her campaign
who's telling her what to do and maybe
maybe she's listening to him but she's
still the best the best chance they have
of winning because if she cleaned up her
communication act she hits she hits a
lot of checklists she was a senator she
her policies are close enough to what
Democrats could get behind and she might
have to modify them a little bit she's a
woman she's a person of color or she
hates President Trump she she's the only
one who could be turned into a viable
candidate she's still loose but she's
the only one who could be crafted into
something the rest have fatal flaws yeah
if you dump them all in an island and
and they were fought it out Harris would
actually win because she has the most
problems alright that doesn't mean she
well but I'm keeping my prediction just
because it's fun what else is happening
thoughts on the FoxNews impeachment poll
yeah so Fox News did a poll about
whether the president should be
impeached and I think more than half of
the people responding said some version
of yes and other people complain hey the
way that poll is worded seems to be
biased in other words it's it looks like
it's not questions created by
professional pollsters maybe it was I
don't know
but I'm no expert I've had a little bit
of experience designing poll questions
when I was in the corporate world I've
worked with professionals where we would
try to do some kind of survey and so I
would ask a question and have the the
experts would say that's not how you ask
it that would bias people this is how
you fix it this is how you randomize the
questions so I've had a little bit of an
exposure to how proper survey questions
should be read I'm not an expert but
I've seen it done you know I've been
around it enough to suspect that those
questions don't look like they were they
don't look to me like professionals
designed them or if they did the
professionals wanted them to be biased
so I wouldn't say that we're learning
too much about these now keep in mind
you've got you've got two things going
on you've got Democrats who say
impeaching them because that might help
get rid of President Trump but I think
you now have a new thing which is
Republicans say impeach him cuz we'd
like to see it come on admit it
wouldn't you like to see an impeachment
you know you would because it would give
the Republicans subpoena power right now
we have this secret kangaroo court thing
going on with the Democrats where it's
not quite an appeasement but it's it's
it's impeachment like but it's not an
impeachment and it's secret and we're
not
tell you who we're talking to her what
they said well we'll tell you what they
said but it'll be our version of what
they said so that's sort of it nothing
if you give me a choice between doing
more of that versus an impeachment
process where the Republicans can FAC
imagine you know you know Jordan and
maggots and those guys
imagining freeing them to to investigate
the other side and in question them
right now you've got your your top
attack dogs on the Republican side are
just sitting there like on the leash
like I have this mental image of all
that all the best you know attackers on
the Republican side they're just saying
they're like yeah but they can't attack
because it's not an impeachment process
they don't get to play they get to stand
on outside the building while something
secret is happening that we don't know
what's happening with people we don't
know inside the building if you give me
a choice of more of that whatever that
secret process is or
taking the leash off the Republican
attack dogs which one do you want to see
come on which one do you want to see you
know which one you want to see you know
which what do you want to see you want
to see Matt gates rip a hole of the
universe and watch the other the other
side be just being shattered because I I
gotta say that skill-wise
the Republicans also have the better
attack dogs known I say attack dogs I
mean that the positive sense that they
have some really good people on camera
there's and you know the the Democrats
have shift and Nadler and Pelosi
think of their performances on camera
Schiff on camera Pelosi on camera Nadler
on camera all right just hold those new
minds
now Jordan and that you know and Matt
Gaetz
and you know it's too bad trey gowdy
isn't there anymore but just just
imagine you know any of the the
Democrats it's sort of a slaughter you
know in terms of ability to control a
camera ask a question etc it's sort of a
slaughter yeah Jim Jordan yeah so I
don't know what's it mean when
Republicans say they're in favor of him
and impeachment
does it mean what you think it means
does it mean that you know a whole bunch
of Republicans want to get rid of
President Trump some of them probably
some of them but I've got a feeling it
doesn't mean what you think it means I
think it might mean that they want a
fair fight and I'm ready for one now if
in a perfect world I would not want any
kind of impeachment anything I wouldn't
want it for the other team either I
didn't like impeachment against Clinton
you know Nixon was different but I
wouldn't want a impeachment against
Clinton I wouldn't want it against this
president it's just a waste of resources
and attention but here we are we didn't
have a choice of whether to be where we
are because we're now we're there so now
we forget about the past
that's the sunk cost let's let's look
forward and ask ourselves ask ourselves
would we like to see it fought out
publicly and that kind of what kind of
wood all right let me remind you that my
book loser think is available for
pre-order and it would help me a lot if
you pre-ordered it instead of waiting a
few weeks until it's ready because the
pre-orders allow it to hit the
bestseller lists so if you would like to
support these periscope so that's the
way to do it and you'd get an excellent
book at the same time the beauty of this
book is is designed for you to pick out
the parts that will embarrass your
opponent's take a photo of it put it
online I expressly give you permission
to do that in the book so you won't have
any copyright problems if it's just a
page
and their arguments for destroying other
people's bad keep them in a bubble
argument and you will enjoy them because
they're written to be very approachable
and fun so generally if you were to buy
a book to tell you how to think it would
be boring to the point of unreadable it
would be like here's my mental model and
here's my construct and my framework and
all that I don't do any of that I'm
giving you the friendly easy to digest
version of how to think better it might
not be as important to you though there
are certainly people on this periscope
who don't need any help at all
who have experience across lots of
different fields know how to analyze
things but for you you still might want
to get the book and give it as a gift so
there's somebody in your life who you
think isn't thinking so well and it's a
perfect gift for them because it's easy
to digest
alright so please do that I saw I would
start to zoom up the bestseller list
yesterday so I know that a number of you
already have and if you continue like
enjoying hearing my voice this is one
way to guarantee they get more of it and
I will talk to you later