[Music]
hey everybody hey Tyler get in here grab
a seat
gather around it's time to talk about
the big climate debate who are the
winners who are the losers well you'll
find out today so I just just thirty
seconds ago I saw something on Twitter
this says that a group of criminals used
artificial intelligence to imitate the
voice of a CEO and then they called the
CEOs subordinates and got them to wire
them a whole bunch of money so it seems
to me the first AI crime or somebody
used a deep fake voice to do a crime
over the phone I haven't read the
details so I might have some of that
wrong but that's not why you're here
you're here for the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous that
doesn't take much to participate all you
need is a couple more glasses tiny
Charles tacular thermos flask I can't
even if we're a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee join me now if you're ready for
the simultaneous sip all you have to do
is lift it to your lips in a
simultaneous way and you'll have a dope
immediate that will last you all day go
oh it's better every time am i right I'm
alright so Debra Messing and Eric
McCormack continue to prove to the world
that they don't have smart and friends
to talk them out of doing whatever the
hell they're doing every day the latest
is Debra Messing apologizing for
something she tweeted about a sign that
was offensive I guess and in her tweet
apologizing she mentions the fine people
hoax but not as a hoax as if it's real
and I'm thinking to myself I don't know
if there's another level of stupid like
when you've climbed the the summit of
being completely hoaxed about everything
and not understanding the slightest
thing about politics not knowing the
basic
facts of what did or did not happen
maybe you should stop talking in public
maybe it's time time for an intervention
you should make some friends Debra and
Eric make some friends who can tell you
to just maybe be a little bit quieter
let's talk about Hong Kong so Hong Kong
there seems to be something that people
are calling a victory as the chief
executives Carrie Lam so she's a I guess
the leader in Hong Kong decided to
withdraw the controversial extradition
bill the one who said you could be
grabbed from Hong Kong and tried in a
Chinese mainland Court and that started
all the the protests so that was
withdrawn problem solved right right
well here was my prediction and we won't
know if my prediction was right yet what
is kind of looking good my prediction
was that China wins in the end
but here's the trick the end is as long
as you want it to be it could be a
hundred years could be 300 years but
China will have full control of Hong
Kong or Hong Kong will destroy China
from the inside one of those two things
is going to happen and I think China is
certainly have the upper hand here so
while it appears that this particular
obnoxious extradition law has been
sidelined it's not over or even close to
over a related story that's in the news
is that apparently China is flooding
Hong Kong with mainland immigrants
that's right China is playing the long
game they're going to change the people
who live in Hong Kong overtime until
there are enough regular mainland
Chinese over there that there's not
enough of a majority to resist just
they'll just say well we're trying to do
so why should it be different so yes I'm
calling them immigrants but they're
immigrants from China to China you
the sense that they're going from the
mainland to Hong Kong no I don't know if
that's what that report is true that
could be hyperbole too but my larger
point is that China doesn't have one
lever to push one lever to pull they
have lots of levers and they have
infinite time so if you have lots of
levers an infinite time it doesn't
matter if you had to temporarily move
one back in place it's gonna happen
it'll just take longer people
complaining about President Trump
diverting some of his military budget
3.9 billion over to building the wall
now let's say that that doesn't get
stopped by the courts I don't know if
there's a legal challenge there always
there's always a legal challenge to
everything but let's say it goes ahead
they and they start building some wall
with that 3.9 billion is that a big pain
point for the military that they had to
give up that money from from what it was
previously budgeted for construction
projects in the military yeah I'm sure
it will cause the pain but let's put it
in perspective shall we let's put it in
perspective 3.9 billion is what
percentage of the total military budget
well I don't know I just off the top of
my head I think it's half of 1% so I
believe that half of one percent of the
total military budget got diverted to
the wall says seem like a lot well it's
a lot if the entire amount came out of
one budget let's say the construction
budget but is there anything that would
stop and there might be so this is a
question not a not a rhetorical question
is the right thing that would stop the
rest of the military from saying you
know what we'll kick in half of one
percent of our budget to make that
military budget whole again maybe that's
illegal maybe you can't move move
buckets then you know there's a good
chance that's not legal but in a
practical world in a practical sense if
the other
if the other budget categories within
the military just said you know I'll
give up Apple what half of 1% I'm not
even going to know the difference and
then your military budget is whole again
so it's not the end of the world
it's just may be inconvenient a little
bit so I think Trump Trump very much
like mainland China in this case it
seemed the Trump was going to pull every
lever push every door turn every
doorknob you know kick every wheel to
try to find some money to work on this
wall it looks like he did and best of
all he's making Mexico pay for the wall
by making Mexico mobilized their
military in that in essence it's paying
for border security on behalf of the
United States uh you know I like to
think that if this situation were
reversed I would have the same opinion
but in my opinion as we're watching
Mexico's it to spend a lot of money to
mobilize their military to control their
southern border at least it looks to me
exactly like Trump got Mexico to pay for
the wall you know it's just not a
physical wall it's just border security
now if this were reversed and there were
and let's say Obama had said I'm gonna
make Mexico pay for the wall okay they
didn't pay for the actual bricks or the
you know the metal for the actual wall
but they did mobilize their entire
military to guard the border and it's as
good as a wall in many ways and it's
faster would I say in that case just
because it was Obama and not Trump would
I say oh no Obama no nice try nice try
you said you were gonna build a wall
that Mexico is gonna pay for the wall
they didn't pay for the wall they paid
for something that was just as good but
and faster so you lose Obama they didn't
pay for the wall they paid for something
else
that does the same thing but much faster
because you can move troops faster than
you built a wall what I have said
hahaha Bhama another broken promise I
don't think so
I mean I'd like to think I wouldn't have
because as a you know a trained
economist I see things as somewhat
fungible meaning that some things are
perfect replacements or nearly perfect
replacements for other things and that I
I would reasonably treat them as similar
so troops on the border wall on the
border largely similar and they both
require money so I'm gonna give credit
to let me let me call they let me call
the game right now I call the game in
favor of Trump his primary campaign
promise is now kept that's my that's my
ruling and I swear to God if this had
been reversed and this has been Obama
doing everything that Trump is doing and
it made the same promise I would have
said Obama okay
credit Obama you did exactly what you
said you do didn't look the way we
expected it but yeah that's it that's
exactly what you said you do you get
Mexico to pay for the wall but they use
troops instead just as good and you've
got money for the wall and you started
building it that's why you said you do I
give I give
Trump the wind a clean win I don't even
I swear to god that's not even a gray
area in my mind of course it might be in
other people's minds but in my mind
that's not a gray area Trump made a
promise and it looks like he kept it
even if you don't like it it looks like
he kept his promise so let's talk about
the seven hours of climate debate now
like most people I could not struggle
through the entire debates but I caught
a lot of the you know clips
I was I was dipping in and out you know
during the thing and I was trying to get
a sense because most people are not
going to watch the whole thing you know
very few people watch CNN to begin with
and and even fewer of those who love CNN
are going to watch that entire thing so
you can't say that the entire body of
the debate affected the outcome what you
can say is whatever bubbles up as the
clips that will be played and replayed
or the quotes which will be picked out
of it those things which are very
selective summaries and at a context and
anecdotal that stuff might make a
difference because that's the stuff that
will travel you know everything that was
said that did not get picked up as a as
a video clip or a quote that stuff's
dead nobody saw it it doesn't matter
what you said during that debate if it
didn't turn into a news story a clip or
a video that people are going to see
didn't happen it was as if it didn't
happen so let's talk about just the
things that other people so it doesn't
matter what you and I thought should
have been pulled out of that debate as
important let's look at what was pulled
out by the major news industries and by
by social media especially and I know
you want to talk want me to talk first
about Biden's bloody eye all right I'm a
little confused on this story I'll tell
you the story but with doubt in my voice
so everything I'm going to say put a put
a big doubt around it I don't think
anything I'm about to say is credible
but I'm gonna say it anyway with that
caveat so I saw in social media so talk
about Biden's eye one of his eyes
literally bleeding as he was talking on
stage and so I said to myself what his
eye not bleeding externally but turning
red and I thought well I'll look so I
pulled out my phone and I've got you
know a big screen phone and I called it
up and I watched the section where
people said his eyes turning red
couldn't see it couldn't see it on video
now I thought well maybe that's just
because my phone screen is small so I
can see it later I saw on some
right-leaning
web
sites a photograph that was more of a
close-up and it showed that one I had a
bunch of obvious redness and I thought
to myself well is that photo real
because you know you can't trust
anything right the fact that there's a
photograph and it's being reported in a
website you've heard of you know one
you've read before does that mean it's
real I guess was on Drudge etc does that
make it real because you saw a
photograph of it not really not really
so just the fact that it was the
photograph and it was on a major new
site which is generally reliable I'm not
sure I believe it yet I will tell you
this two prominent pundits shall we say
who will remain unnamed but to people
you've heard of that you know name names
you've seen on Twitter and in the world
I'll just say that two of them
independently messaged me during during
the climate debate and they both said
and I thought this is the interesting
part they used the same phrase he's done
about Biden because of the bloody eye so
two people who just had our bloody eye
done now I don't know if that means
everybody was thinking that but it's
weird that I got two messages and they
used the same language he's done that
that's clearly the end of it
but here's the thing see now my eye is
hitching because I'm thinking of by
dihn's eye and I'm reading all your
comments about his eye and I made by I
go weird from suggestion like literally
literally that's what happened your
suggestion and talking about his I've
made my I feel free strange and then I
was like what's wrong with my eye so and
then I said okay I'll wait wait for the
morning and I'll see if CNN or Fox News
is reporting on this alleged bleeding
guy and they're not now it doesn't
surprise me if CNN doesn't report on it
Fox News didn't report out it either I'm
not sure it happened or if something
happened I don't know if it happened on
stage or if he just had a little red eye
problem that's literally nothing I mean
have no idea so I'm right in the middle
of somebody says Fox did a report on it
it's not under Fox News site so they may
have done something live but if they
didn't commit it to print or did not
commit it to a story on their website
that might indicate that they have some
question about it all right so yeah the
fact that it was talked about on air
would be a different level of
credibility because you can talk about
what people are talking about on air and
you can speculate and stuff because it's
life but by the time it's committed to a
website story it means they're fairly
certain that they're talking about
something that's real and I haven't seen
that yet so I got a problem
that I don't know what this means what
really happened
how read it was I just have my questions
why it's being ignored now I don't think
the CNN would ignore it even though it's
a Democrat because they they were there
was a story on CNN today which they were
showing the Stephen Colbert interview
with Joe Biden which was not good for
Joe Biden because the interview was
about all of his gaffes etc and I
thought well if CNN's running something
about you know Biden's gaffes and losing
his mind
they're not really Pro Biden so there's
that and so if CNN didn't mention it Fox
News is sort of playing it down I don't
know if it's a big deal let's talk about
how some of the other candidates fared I
would say the big loser of the night was
Elizabeth I'm sorry the big loser of the
climate debate I thought was kemal
Harris she's terrible it's really
terrible you know my
my prediction from a year ago that she
would end up being the nominee because
the other ones would fall apart for
different reasons and it would just be
you know she's one this left that
assumed a minimum level of capability
which she is not demonstrating now when
I say a minimum level of capability I
mean somebody who could be a senator I
mean she is a senator but I think you
could you know throw a dart into
Congress and find almost anybody who
would have more charisma and more
leadership skills when talking in public
here's what she does wrong number one
body language terrible she's all you
know like playing with her hands she's
doing some of their hands and yeah she
just looked uncomfortable and weak up
there that was terrible
she doesn't dress well she's
unfortunately eight to make a fashion
comment but we live in a shallow
civilization in the same way that
president Trump's haircut and fitness
and an age were part of the discussion
and should be because people are
influenced by those things
likewise Carla Harris has the potential
to be like really well put together in
in every sense from fashion to Fitness
to just naturally having a having an
interesting look but she's not using it
she's just not putting it all together I
don't know what's up with that but she
speaks tentatively she doesn't speak
like a leader she doesn't seem to
understand power and and leadership she
has no leadership instinct whatsoever
they you can see within live questions
she's much better when she's she's
grilling people from prepared questions
in Congress and I got fooled by that act
because when she had prepared questions
and she was in her her element she was
actually strong and and she looked very
capable but as soon as she gets into the
wild she can't handle the questions
she's too giggly
so the the entire you know event was
about climate change and the reason that
was the event a reason that there was
the focus is because it is presumed by
all the people involved that it's the
biggest existential problem to the
planet Earth if you've got only a few
minutes on stage to talk about the
biggest problem on the planet the one
that might kill millions or billions
that's that's what they believe
right they believe this is a threat to
the planet and it's not a small threat
it's not a remote threat it's like a
real immediate freakin threat the whole
planet so that's what they think it is
so what did canola use for a limited
time to talk about straws straws she
talked about she was trying to sort of
paste the people and say how bad it was
to use these paper straws but they they
have to be eliminated anyway the plastic
ones now could you talk about something
less important than that is there
anything less important than the United
States talking about eliminating plastic
straws first of all I don't know if this
is true but they're you know they're
there's reason to believe that Asia and
someplace else is is responsible for 95
percent of all the plastic straws that
end up at the ocean you know wherever
they end up maybe that's true maybe it's
not here's the way I look at it I have
personally spent a lot of time at
beaches over my life if you count every
time I've ever gone to the beach every
time I've ever been in vacation where
there's a beach I've seen a lot of beach
in a lot of different places I've been
in a lot of seawater I've been on the
water I've been on you know little
excursions and which you get in a boat
you go somewhere and I've never seen a
straw in the water I've never even seen
one did they float they fall in the
bottom where the straw is going my
entire life I don't believe I've ever
one straw in the ocean now I'm not
saying it's not a big problem pollution
in the ocean presumably is a very big
problem I mean you know I don't I don't
see it visually but one assumes that it
probably is so if you're a voter and
you're looking for leadership and you
see Carla Harris talking about straws
and you've never even seen the straw in
the ocean
you can't even imagine if you were
tasked with trying to come up with the
least effective thing you could say on
the topic of climate while the public is
watching it is the least effective thing
you could do is talk about the quality
difference between a plastic and a paper
straw and that's what Camille Harris did
with her limited time on stage it was
one of the most jaw-dropping failures of
leadership instinct I've ever seen in my
life
now you might say to yourself okay
President Trump does these little
diversions too he talks about you you
know in some of this don't even make
sense because he talks about for example
if the windmill stops you can't watch TV
but when I watched the president say
that I receive it as a joke he doesn't
literally mean you can't watch TV when
the windmills stop he doesn't literally
mean that and that's what's funny about
it
it's just Gordon sort of weird and he's
sort of making the the point the larger
point that you know the renewables are
not consistent the television part just
turns it into a funny anecdote or yeah a
funny comment basically turns it into a
joke form that you can understand
so his are completely different
President Trump never leaves and has
never left since the beginning of the
his campaign leadership mode in other
words when Trump showed up he never left
he never took off his suit Trump never
took off his suit even to visit Iowa
he's the smartest one to visit Iowa
because he didn't take off his suit
other people have done it before but he
never once became a person of the people
he never once became a dad or a
grandfather you know he does he does he
waves his hands at those things as
pictures with his grandkids but he's
never even when he has a picture with
his grandkid he's wearing his suit
so Trump knows that if you want to sell
yourself as a brand you don't leave the
brand take camel Harris so she left the
brand entirely to talk about the
difference between straws it wasn't a
funny anecdote it just was useless but
then she also had this comment about
your babies see if I wrote that one down
she says something about you know think
about your babies and your grandpa oh
yeah here it is
so this is another thing Harris said she
said as it relates to those Republicans
in Congress where I've now been for two
and a half years okay so that's stupid
she should not say that she's only been
a senator for two and a half years
because if you didn't know that you
might assume she'd been a senator longer
so that's the first stupid thing I mean
it's just a mistake there's there's no
other there's no other way to say that
she should not use her limited time to
say that she's only been in Senate
two-and-a-half years because nobody is
gonna think that's a long time nobody is
going to register that as ready or
experienced now I realize Obama hadn't
been in office long either but Cobb
lares is not Obama you know she doesn't
have what he had which is a whole set of
tools that she's not even close all
right so he goes on she says every one
of those members need to look at the
babies and the grandbabies in their life
and then look in the mirror and ask
themselves why have they failed to act
so here is Komal Harris going into what
I would call mom filter so she leaves
the leadership filter and she goes into
a mom point of view and the mom point of
view is look at my baby look at my
grandkid so I guess you call it grandma
mom point
you now there's nothing wrong with mom
point of view if you're running to be a
mom if you're running to be the leader
of the nation don't talk like your mom
that's leaving best that's getting
off-brand so even if everything she says
is true and valid and it's perfectly
reasonable through the filter of a
mother or a parent's eyes that's all
fair to say but it takes her end of
leadership mode you just can't see her
as a leader you just see her as a mom
complaining about stuff and then it got
worse for her so Kamala was asked about
nuclear power which I'll talk about with
the other candidates as well and she
demonstrated in my opinion that she has
not looked into it let that register for
a moment the entire event was about
climate change the existential threat to
the planet and say the people who were
there and the most important variable to
whether we can solve this problem that
they say exists I'm not saying it
doesn't I'm just you know trying to I've
tried to avoid the question of whether
it's true or false I'm just talking
about what they believe and and the
biggest variable nuclear energy
literally the only thing that these
smart people say could get us to where
you need to go fast enough and is
popular on both sides
Democrats and Republicans could probably
get behind it she showed that she hadn't
looked into it that's as hard as you can
fail
what's your let me show you the hardest
failure in the world Scott what's your
number one issue in the world climate
change Scott what do you think we should
do about the number one most important
element to your most important subject
climate change yeah what what is what do
you think of nuclear the most important
variable and I say I haven't really
looked into it all credibility is go
now she didn't say I haven't looked into
it but you could tell from her answer
that she had sort of a I haven't really
paid attention to it answer she said
well I'm very concerned about storing
the nuclear waste she did not say it
can't be done she did not say and here
here's your tell I'm gonna give you a
tell for finding out if somebody has
even looked into nuclear energy now if
they even looked into it
ask them what person how much real
estate you would need to store all of
the nuclear waste that we'd be generated
if we replaced our entire grid with
nuclear we're not going to do that but
let or even say half let's say to
replace half of our grant or half of our
power need with nuclear energy what
would be the total real estate you need
to store all every bit of the nuclear
waste that's made from all of that is it
a thousand miles is it one acre now I
don't know the exact answer to that but
I will tell you it's closer to one acre
it's a lot closer to one acre than it is
to a mile over a hundred miles or
something
now there's certainly an issue about
where you put it but where are we
putting it now who asked that question
where are we putting the nuclear waste
now because suppose the nuclear waste
all the nuclear waste we have has filled
up in its various places collectively
two acres I don't know if it has taken
that much but let's say all of it
together takes two acres what if we just
put a few more barrels where that stuff
already is are people gonna complain
extra because you put some extra barrels
there I'm not sure there's any problem
there I feel as though she hadn't looked
into it she just took the top level
things she'd heard I'll say something
about nuclear waste so I don't have to
commit to nuclear power because I don't
know how to defend it
totally didn't know the most important
so cover here's I'm gonna say this is
why you listen to me this next thing I'm
going to say I don't know if I'm gonna
say it yeah I'm gonna say it I'm gonna
say it for entertainment I'm going to
say this is an opinion right so the next
thing that comes out of my mouth
cannot be supported by science and facts
this is purely an opinion calm layers
has a submissive personality that's it
now you don't have to you know take that
into the bedroom further your
interpretation but the fact is she has a
submissive personality you can see it in
her body language you can see it in the
way she talks and I don't see that she
has a fire in her belly to be a leader
she looks like a follower and she looks
like she would be more comfortable as
one now that's an opinion but remember
we're you know the voting public is
going to be looking at all these
characters and they're going to be
forming opinions which are not always
fact-based some of it's just the
impression you get so that's I guess
that's as far as I'll go I'll say it's
the impression I get but of course I
can't I can't read her mind right so I
can't know that it's true because I
can't see what's in her head but what
she's projecting is pure submissive
energy and there's just no way that
becomes president so I'm not going to
change my original prediction that she
gets the nomination because that
wouldn't be fair because nothing you
know they you know I made the prediction
based on the the people above her being
completely unelectable that's still true
but it might be there whoever gets the
nomination is even lower in the ranking
than Harris's because they might have to
go right over all right let's talk about
the other people let's see Bernie
Sanders is anti-nuclear and
Elizabeth Warren are both opposed but in
different ways Warren said that she
would oppose nuclear energy as a way to
combat climate change
should she collected and she said we're
not going to build any nuclear power
plants and we're going to start weaning
ourselves off at nuclear energy and
replacing it with renewable fuels Warren
said adding that she hopes to phase out
nuclear power by 2035 that is basically
surrendering the country let me give you
an argument that you haven't heard but
you're gonna hear more of it sometimes I
cheat because I know about things before
you do so I can tell you what's coming
before before you see it here's an
argument that you haven't heard before
then you're gonna hear for the first
time and when I tell you you're gonna
say this oh
you ready you're gonna say that to
yourselves quietly or maybe out loud but
as soon as I tell you this this way of
thinking about nuclear energy in the
future of the United States you're gonna
say oh I didn't think about that
here it comes
space force you can't militarize space
without nuclear power and you're not
going to be able to dominate space
without having a very robust nuclear
industry that's not only producing
nuclear experts but it has enough of
them that some of them are working on on
space force if we don't have control
military control of space we will have
given it away to China to Russia maybe
to India maybe to somebody else look at
the comments am I wrong
I'm not wrong if you let your nuclear
industry atrophy which is Warren and
Sanders intention they are intentionally
ceding outer space to our biggest
military opponents if we give up our
space we're also giving up the country
because whoever owns space owns the
planet there's no getting around that
whoever owns space around the planet is
in control of the planet for all
practical purposes because it's hard to
shoot stuff up but it's kind of easy to
shoot stuff down if you know what I mean
so I would say that Warren and Bernie
have explicitly surrendered the United
States to China I mean that's as clear
as it could possibly be if you don't
have a robust and and in and continually
improving nuclear industry you can't you
can't populate space can't be done so
we'd be giving up space you haven't
heard that before had you to tell me
you've ever heard that argument before
you're gonna hear it in the future so
mark my words on that here's the the
most fun part both cory booker and
andrew yang are I guess I could say
pro-nuclear yeah I guess I could say
pro-nuclear now yang gets to another
level of detail so yang talks about a
thorium and you know there's a
conversation about whether thorium is is
the future or where it has problems but
he at least knows what it is how many of
the candidates running for president
could have a conversation about thorium
reactors compared to standard light
water reactors how many could even be in
the conversation I think - probably
Booker because remember Booker is super
smart and he's not explicitly here's
what he said about nuclear it needs to
be part of the fight against climate
change and he said blah blah blah
the people who oppose it are quote
aren't looking at the facts so Cory
Booker brilliant guy you know even if
you don't like his politics even if you
don't like your style or whatever he's a
brilliant guy like super smart you know
credentials for educational credentials
etc and he says that you could only be
against nuclear energy if you haven't
looked at the facts
ouch how do any of the non-nuclear
candidates you know how do they contrast
with that and not look like troglodytes
because first of all they don't
understand climate change they just know
what people are saying about climate
change and they certainly don't
understand the primary a variable that
could change the climate change
situation if it's what scientists say it
is so I have to say that cory booker and
andrew yang just just just rose above
the crowd because if you're having an
entire event about let's believe science
and you haven't looked into at least the
pros and cons of nuclear energy if you
don't even understand the topic the way
the way apparently weren't harris does
not understand the topic you can't make
any claim to be having science on your
side so here's why yang and Booker have
done right if you're going to go out
there and say climate change is a real
big problem and science says so and if
you don't agree with science you're
you're a freakin idiot so that's the
Democrat argument right you have to be
on the right side with science if you
can say that sentence and then you can
also say and and science is also very
clear that at the moment there is no
better solution than a robust nuclear
energy if you can say both of those
things you're at least consistent with
science that doesn't mean you're right
right that's different but at least it
makes sense
if you say I love science you've got to
say I you know I agree with the
scientists on climate change but I also
agree with the scientists on nuclear
energy that's consistent but he but look
at poor Elizabeth Warren who's got to
run on this platform
I believe scientists when they talk
about climate change but I don't believe
scientists when they talk about nuclear
energy that's what she has to run on are
you freaking kidding me now look what
Trump
yeah Trump doesn't do a good job with
nuclear you just doesn't really talk
about it much but here's what he could
do against that well is enough I'm glad
you're picking and choosing your science
say like science when it happens to fit
your socialist ideals and climate change
but you don't like science when science
proposes a solution for the very thing
you think is a problem why why do you
like science sometimes and sometimes
don't here's what I say I say that
reasonable people can disagree on the
science but reasons though people cannot
disagree with the following statement
nuclear energy is the only way we know
to meet our nuclear deeds in a clean
energy way because it's consistent power
as opposed to irregular power of
renewables now if President Trump said
that he would not have to have an
opinion on climate change per se he
could just say well whether you have
climate change problems or not you're
still going to need the energy you still
want your energy costs to go down
because that's good for the poor it's
good it's good for the poor if energy
costs go down and we need a consistent
reliable network etc so the president
has a very consistent statement which is
we can't be sure about climate change
but we are sure that there's only one
known way to get us a cleaner better
abundant and cheap energy and so let's
do it
let's look at somebody else Klobuchar so
Klobuchar is a kind of an interesting
candidate
because she seems so reasonable and very
much in the Joe Biden let's not get too
crazy mode but because Biden has
absorbed all of the sort of
middle-of-the-road boring Democrats
let's call them the boring Democrats
versus the aoc and the Bernie Sanders
who are the exciting Democrats so the
boring Democrats are pretty much Joe
Biden people but what happens if Joe
Biden drops out what happens if people
say ah darn it I wanted Joe Biden but
I'm gonna have to go to my second choice
because he dropped out if that happens
who do you go to as your second choice
after Biden
well Klobuchar is kind of in there but I
would think that if she were ever going
to have the type of popularity that
would make you present we would have
seen more of it by now meaning that she
would just she would naturally been
popular in the way that let's say
somebody like yang or Buddha jej are
popular so you see the yang and Buddha
jej get a lot of energy they create a
lot of energy whereas Klobuchar doesn't
seem to create in the energy so without
that it's hard to imagine that she could
rise but I want to say one compliment to
Klobuchar the people I worry about as
leaders are the ones who can't take
advice now you don't want your leader to
be you know too too dependent on advice
you want them to have their own opinions
as well but you want somebody who can
listen to a better idea and then
implement it because it's just a better
idea and I've been looking at and I
realized this sounds shallow but wait
for the whole thing Klobuchar until last
night at least that's the first I
noticed had the worst haircut I've ever
seen on a woman am i right
her hair is that the right word for a
woman is a hairdo or a haircut for her
hairstyle until last night that's the
first time I saw the update
hairstyle that looks great she she had a
dumb and Dumberer haircut now I don't
mean literally like that movie Dumb and
Dumber but if you were going to run for
president and you were going to choose a
hairstyle you would not choose a dumb
and Dumberer hairstyle you know like Jim
Carrey and the movie Dumb and Dumber you
wouldn't do that because everybody would
look at and say well that's not a leader
haircut that looks like somebody who
doesn't know what he looks like that
looks like somebody who's so clueless
or has no friends to tell them to change
their haircut klobuchar to look like
that she looked like somebody who had no
friends to tell her to change her
hairstyle but I tuned in last night and
I thought holy cow she changed her look
it looks like she may have changed more
than her hairstyle because I don't maybe
the hair style changed the whole look
maybe maybe your makeup got an upgrade
or something so because she's a woman I
don't want to dwell on appearance I will
say that I would say the same set of
things about a male candidate Joe
Biden's hair plugs
probably hurt him wouldn't you agree but
I would say that whatever work he's had
on his face
probably helped him because it did you
know smooth things out a little bit I
would say the president Trump's haircut
is certainly an issue there are probably
some people who were on the fence and
just couldn't get behind his haircut I
think that's the thing I think Chris
Christie had a weight problem that would
have limited the number of people
willing to vote for him wear a shallow a
bunch of preachers but if you don't
recognize how shallow we are and you
don't if you don't manage your campaign
to to at least take advantage of our
shallowness well you're not really
trying because if you don't understand
that your appearance is part of your
package that's not trying right look at
Pete Buddha judge he looks great
wouldn't you agree Pete Buddha judge
looks terrific
you know his hair looks good he looks
fit he dresses well
you know he knows that the package is
the whole package there's not a little
bit of package a solo package now
Bernie's got his own thing going on
because because bernie is you know you
bernie is aggressively what would you
call it
unkempt so Bernie's whole brand is I'm
just gonna be a mess but listen to my
policies now he makes it work I do think
that Bernie's appearance probably costs
them some votes because again people are
shallow and they see their president as
sort of an accessory to themselves so
you don't want you don't want a bad
accessory in the same way that you don't
want a boyfriend or girlfriend who has
an embarrassing automobile you might say
I love my boyfriend or girlfriend but my
boyfriend or girlfriend has an
embarrassing automobile it would bother
you it wouldn't be necessarily a
deal-breaker but it would bother you you
wouldn't want to get out of that car so
so props to club HR for changing that
visual element and doing it very well I
thought I thought whoever worked on her
or whoever worked with her to get her
new look kind of nailed it kind of
nailed it
yeah I'm not you know I'm not making a
comment about beauty or sex appeal or
any of that I'm trying to keep it out of
the realm of sexism as much as I can I'm
just saying that she went from and
embarrassingly I mean just awkward
looking a haircut to really nailing it
looking looking pretty sharp so that
might help you might see her I don't
know I don't know if her ranking will go
up just because she she sort of
disappears in the rest let me talk about
yang Yang has a little bit of the calmly
Harris problem but a different form of
it in the way that Komal Harris doesn't
stay in leadership mode she she turns
into mom mode and sort of submissive
mode and those are off-brand if he tried
to be a leader yang
might be the smartest or one of the
smartest people a cory booker's pretty
smart elizabeth warren's pretty smart
actually most of the candidates are
pretty smart Boone a judge is brilliant
so you'd have a lot of smart people
there but yang Yang is one of them and
his problem is that he slips into nerd
mode now I love nerds you know I love my
nerds right if you're the creator of
Dilbert you probably like your nerds I
love my geeks I love my technical people
if you're on the spectrum I love you
probably a little extra all right so I
love engineers I mean it's a it's a
personality type that I'm just drawn to
because I think the same way you know
I'm not an engineer but I tend to think
in similar structure so I love Yang's
vibe because he embraces the sort of the
geeky side of himself without being too
technical in other words he manages to
simplify and also look like he could
handle details it's that's the tough
thing to do and I give him a lot of
credit for that I would say the yang has
over performed more than anybody else's
overperformed meaning he's gotten
farther than you know the smart people
would have suggested was possible and he
did it with skill all right
none of his luck yang is climbing up
through the ranks with skilled alright
yeah but and some of them you know the
other candidates it's a little bit more
about exposure it's a little bit amount
more about well I want free health care
you know so there are a variety of
reasons why people would like the other
candidates but there's only one person
who's been who started you know way back
in the pack and just started to to to
just moving himself up a little bit at a
time to gathering support all through
skill
can't ignore how much
skillett took for him to get this far
into the pack more skill than anybody
else has demonstrated but here's the
problem that skill is not looking like
leadership skill even if you tell
yourself I would love to have a leader
who has you know that grasp of the world
and that ability to communicate and
obviously as ability to get people
excited he's interesting on stage he
seems to have good intentions does not
seem to be doesn't seem to be Wed to
some some ideological you know anchor
seems to be mentally flexible like he's
got a lot going on that people are
noticing and they like it but I don't
know if it looks like a leader in other
words there's a there's a vibe that he
collectively gives off that looks like
he'd be a really good senator or he'd be
a really good adviser yeah he looks like
he would could be one of the most
important people in the country in terms
of being able to understand topics
communicate them you know create you
know energy around them he might be one
of the most important people that I've
ever you know walked around in 2019 but
he doesn't give off the I'm never taking
my suit off even when I'm with my
grandkids leadership vibe that Trump
does indeed there was a there was a was
that this this set of debates where he
hanged in a tweet and he said that he
just learned there was no dress code for
the debate and you know he said it kind
of humorously as if maybe he won't wear
a suit to a presidential debate now I
love how geeky that is yeah totally
it paces me in the sense that I don't
like wearing suits either so as a human
being I loved his his
sweet you know just on the human level I
was like oh that's funny
wouldn't it be funny if he showed up
without a suit but if you're trying to
be President of the United States don't
even joke about taking your tie off you
know if you're a guy and if you're a
woman
whatever whatever is the comparable to
that but you know if you're a woman
don't say you're gonna show up to work
in your jogging pants because there's no
dress code I don't want to hear that I
want to hear that you sleep in your suit
I think Trump sleeps in his suit if we
didn't see pictures of him golfing I
would think he actually liked falls in
bed with a suit um you know at night so
Trump is still putting off the leader
alpha vibe and it never it never goes on
a character it's always leader it's
always alpha even if you don't like it
it's always those two things
yang is human very smart human very
capable human but he's human he's he
hasn't quite nailed the Alpha leadership
thing he feels like the guy you want
working for the leader you know the one
who's in the room who says up you know
you haven't thought about this yet you
know or maybe you should explain it this
way because he'd be great at that but I
don't know if he's selling himself as
the Alpha leader that that people are
looking for let's talk about I'm
watching with great interest Bernie and
Elizabeth Warren splitting votes I will
say that I think Elizabeth Warren won
the night because there are little there
are fewer know videos of her talking so
she ended up not making news
so Elizabeth Warren didn't make any news
which is good because she wants to avoid
mistakes at this point and most of the
news was about you know people people
did something wrong but here's my
question
if Bernie and Elizabeth Warren are
serious about their own
opinions about how to run the country
yes if they believe their own speeches
then both of them know that eventually
one of them needs to throw their full
support to the other because they're the
closest in philosophy now if you are
Bernie and you're assessing your own
odds and you're looking at Warren does
Bernie think that he has a better chance
of winning then Elizabeth warmed because
remember Elizabeth Warren has the female
advantage and if you're running as a
Democrat being a white old white guy
isn't your strongest look for getting
out the vote
don't you think Bernie has to realize
and probably pretty soon that Warren is
the better version of him the more
electable version of Bernie let me put
it this way you're a voter and you have
a choice between Elizabeth Warren and
Bernie Sanders let's imagine
hypothetically he had that choice Bernie
Sanders lost to the person who lost to
Trump think about that Bernie lost to
Hillary and Hillary lost to Trump he
said he's a double level loser in this
exact race right because the last one
was about Trump - you don't pick the
person who lost - the person who lost to
the person you're gonna run against
Elizabeth Warren has never run for
president and therefore she has never
lost anybody and people would relish the
matchup because because Trump has been
mocking her for the pocahontas thing
forever people would love it so if
you're birdy there's got to be at least
some part of your mind because Bernie's
you know he still has all of his
faculties
unlike Biden Bernie looks like he still
has his entire mind
Bernie has to know that if he wants his
policies or some version of the things
he wants to become policy the very best
thing
can do is to bow well and endorse
warrant if he doesn't do that and fairly
soon he's not credible because it means
it's about Bernie and not about the
country
if Bernie cares about the country he
will throw all of his support and fairly
soon to Elizabeth Warren because she has
a far better chance of winning she's
younger she can get the female vote more
capably and she'd be a more fun matchup
so that's what I'm watching I think
Bernie has some explaining to do as to
why he's making things harder for the
very policies he's promoting so his very
existence makes his own policies less
likely to happen if he wants his
policies to win he gets out of the race
and puts all of his support to Warren so
if you don't see that it's not about the
policies alright let's talk about this
so I watched I watched Biden answer some
questions and my feeling was that he's
just not all there and I'm not talking
about the famous gaffes because you
could explain away the gaffes as you
know he's always done it and yeah I
would be confused too if I were on the
campaign trail and I was in a different
city every night I'd forget where I was
I've given lots of speeches where you
travel to a place and you're and you're
on stage and one of the reasons I avoid
mentioning the city is because I'm not
confident or remember what town I'm and
when I'm doing my speeches so that stuff
doesn't bother me too much
what does bother me is just that when
he's talking just in general it just
doesn't look like he's quite all there
it looks like grandpa at Thanksgiving
just talking about politics all right so
I don't think Biden has a chance I think
you know Bernie's gonna have to give his
support to Warren
now if you had to bet I would say Warren
has a lock on the nomination if nothing
changed
but of course lots of things change
right so Elizabeth Warren with Andrew
yang as vice president or something
that'd be pretty interesting I doubt
she'd Dickens but yeah Warren has by far
the greatest likelihood of getting the
nomination at this point she is
consistently capable even if you hate
all of her policies and and I'm not a
fan she is consistently capable quick
name and Elizabeth Warren gaff is there
what how much has she been talking in
public name and Elizabeth Warren gaff
can't do it I can't think of one so
although in a perfect world we would
have a better candidate I think she's
really learning quickly she's
strengthening her game and if Bernie
gives her her support she would be quite
a formidable candidate and then she
would lose here's what Elizabeth Warren
said last night she said that
conversations around regulating light
bulbs banning plastic straws and cutting
down on red meat are exactly what the
fossil fuel industry wants people
focused on as a way to distract from
their impact on climate change now
compare Harris and other people talking
about meat and straw and light bulbs
that's the smallest in the weeds
conversation you can have all right so
Warren is correctly pointing out that
our competition is in the weeds if
you're talking about straws and light
bulbs and red meat you're you're doing
exactly what the fossil fuel industry
wants you to do which is talk about all
the wrong stuff and that showed that
Warren knows what the high ground is she
recognizes it as a strategy because she
used it if you see somebody pull the
high ground strategy the most import
and I'd say powerful persuasion that
isn't fear fear is always the most
powerful but beyond fear the high ground
manoeuvre is solid gold works basically
every time and she just high grounded
her competition like they were I
mean she just she just said if you talk
about lightbulbs and straws and red meat
yeah you're just basically playing into
the enemy's hand and she's right when
you hear her say that do you is there
anybody in the world who hears war and
say stop talking about this little stuff
it's exactly what they want you to be
talking about when she says that is that
does anybody say no no Liz you're so
wrong these straws are important they
don't they immediately realize that
she's taken the high ground and they
were like alright maybe I'll change the
subject so Warren has a stranglehold on
the nomination as of today the slaughter
meter is still a hundred percent she
can't beat Trump with the policy she has
in order to be Trump she would actually
have to fundamentally change your
policies to be more mainstream or more
Biden like if let me tell you this if
Elizabeth Warren does a 180 on nuclear
energy she might be your next president
because that might be enough if
Elizabeth Warren completely reverses on
nuclear energy and says well I looked
into it a little bit more and I gotta
say that the newer technology is safer
than I thought and given that I'm gonna
I'm gonna say let's let's go for that if
she did that she'd be really hard to
beat let me tell you she'd be really
hard to beat but I don't know if she'll
do that alright that's all I have for
now I'll talk to you tomorrow