because it's a dicey world two bars of
5G looking good so
far hello locals people piling
in hello Owen lots of good news stories
today thanks
Owen it's your birthday happy
birthday well don't mind me I'm going to
adjust my Lighting in my shades print my
notes while you guys talk to each
other guys and gals and non-binaries
too something's
wrong
oh
Shades I'll tell you if you ever get a
chance to have automated
Shades it's the
best one button and one two three four
Shades go
down I'm quite
hooked
of course if you have automated Shades
throughout your house as I do it also
means that some of your windows will not
be
functioning there's always some window
where the shade is
broken technology it's
great all
right we're going to print our notes and
then we're going to go
wild
you know I keep
expecting I keep expecting these
comments oh I can pin some look at that
I can bin some
comments I got I'm just looking at my
features I've never checked out the
features looks like a let's see what
options do I have here not a lot of
options
um getness world record for number of
sticks of gum in your mouth set by
chadf 256 pieces of gum in his mouth at
the same
time there must be some uh Guinness book
of world's records that I've uh
oh SHO internet's
[Music]
down forgot I can't print unless I'm on
the same
network that should
work we're going to be talking about all
the cannibals and 0 and all the other
fun stuff in a
minute have four minutes to Showtime
have I tried Mastic
Gum I've
not I tell you having no having the
internet go up and down is the biggest
tease it because when it comes up it's
screaming it's just it goes down
every 10 minutes every five or 10
minutes it drops the signal for a few
minutes all right what a show it's going
to
be I wish I were you just so I could
watch this show we're going to do the
premature zp uh those of you on the
non-locals
platform probably have never been here
early enough to see
it
uh are you going to talk about that
white girl killed by the black girl who
slamed her head into the concrete
sickening nope I'm not going to talk
about
that I try to avoid the individual crime
stories that people like to make you
know generalize to everybody in the
world nothing good can come from
that we all know the
dangers did I see if A's Tik Tock
explanation
no all right let me let me check out
if's Tik Tock explanation well before
the show
starts all
right
see do do you think he's going to say
something that's going to make me feel
feel okay about
it oh if only I had
internet so my internet worked just long
enough to send the signal to the printer
so that's good but it's down right now
should come up in about 60
seconds all right so looks like I won't
be checking out what
said I got no
internet all right let's see if I can do
it on my phone without losing the
signal I don't know why I think this
would lose the signal but it just seems
like it
would all right let's spell his name
correctly there we
go all right what does he say
so he all right understanding the actual
issues
harder V all right here it is opposing
that I think president Trump just came
out against a legislative measure that
would require the owner of Tik Tock to
divest it it's currently a Chinese owner
a company called bite dance or else that
it would be banned in the United States
President Trump just came out opposing
that watch him not mention pers right
decision president Trump to oppose that
legislation because it doesn't make any
sense and I've long said this even late
in the campaign took a lot of heat from
fellow Republicans but I think we have
to ask ourselves the why and this is the
problem with professional politicians
president Trump isn't a professional
politician and neither am I but many
people in professional politics they
look at what they're supposed to say and
they act like billiard balls on a pool
table they go whatever Direction they're
hit without thinking about the actual oh
he's avoiding the point even in the
Republican party no analogies back and
ask about the why of what's going on
what's what you leave concern that
people have with Tik Tok well one is
it's an addictive problem in kids no
that's not the top problem why don't you
mention the top problem and that
is an issue we need to tackle but it's
not specific to one platform I do think
there should be Age based
restrictions social media avoiding the
problem specific point this point about
the dive estimate relates to a different
concern watch him avoid the point and
provision of data there it is that's not
the
issue
God I am so angry that I ever supported
that
guy oh my
God I'm completely done with him
wow
wow all right well let's do a show looks
like it's
[Music]
time all right good morning everybody
and welcome to the highlight of human
civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
if you'd like to take your experience up
to levels that I don't even think you
can understand all you need for that is
CER mugger a glass of tanker chalis tie
and the Ken Jugger flask of vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee en jooy me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine end
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it's going to
happen right
now
go
oh that was pretty good I got to admit
excellent
St all right
well um we don't know what's going to
happen today in this show because I'm
using 5G off my phone to live stream so
far so good I've got a solid three bars
on my phone um if you've ever tried to
get anything repaired at your house
lately you've probably run into what
could be called the uh the incompetence
crisis so I've got
exfinity uh internet service which goes
out every few minutes in my account
don't know why I've had my equipment guy
check all of the equipment and isolate
it doesn't seem to be on my end Xfinity
keeps sending me messages to say oh the
problem there's a problem on our end can
we send that a tech followed by a
message that says there's no problem on
our end do you want to cancel the tech
followed by the tech will be there soon
followed by by there's no problem if you
want to cancel it because there's
nothing wrong with our Network followed
by the tech arriving and saying oh
there's plenty wrong with this network
nothing wrong with your side but uh I'll
change this wire so he changes a wiring
somewhere in the external part of my
home from the street to the house and
then he says it's all working now and
then I say how do you know it's working
well you can check for yourself it's
working and then I said you know the
problem is inter mid outages right so
showing me that it's working is not
actually showing me that it's working
because the moment you drive away it's
going to quit oh but I changed the thing
that was the problem so you can see it's
working I told you I isolated the
problem and fixed it so you're good to
go so as he was driving away the
internet failed completely and continues
to be worse than it was when he showed
up so if you've worked with any
technology companies you are aware of
what happens next do I have to tell you
what happens
next easy I will contact them they'll
say the problem must be with your
internal wiring that we can't service or
possibly your
equipment I'll call my equipment guy and
my inside wiring guy and they'll say I
don't see any problem it's got to be in
the network and then you're going to say
but why don't you look at starlink well
I have it's little too slow for my needs
and I don't have any other terrestrial
internet services that are fast enough
so I can't get the good stuff anywhere
else so I'm going to use my usual
technique which is I'm going to
tweet Xfinity until it's their highest
priority that's right every single
 day I G say Xfinity is failing
and their internet is it's not
working until they decide it's a high
enough priority to get it fixed
now I don't know what else to do I mean
I could call them every day and have
them tell them tell me they can't find
the problem which basically has been
going on for
years now do you think this is isolated
to Xfinity no as I've told said before
I've put in U maybe five different home
theater setups you know with complicated
AV it's never worked once probably five
different companies I give up event
and it never gets it never works even
the moment they drive
away every time so no surprise anyway
enough about me there's a uh new
indication that uh there were 10,
according to Nature a science journal
10,000 studies were retracted in 2023
it's a new record 10,000 studies that
passed peer
review done by actual
scientists got retracted because they
were not apparently
credible it's a new record so what do
you make of that does that tell you that
things are worse than
ever
no if there's one thing I I want to
teach you this year is that if somebody
tells you a number without a
percentage or a percentage without a
number it's propaganda or it's BS or
it's bad work so when they say that
10,000 studies were retracted and it's a
new record is that
bad you don't know unless you know the
percentage if 10,000 is 1% of all the
studies even if it was bigger than the
year before because let's say there were
just more studies that
year um that wouldn't be bad 1% you'd
think that was pretty good if it's
75% that's really really bad so even
even though this is one of those stories
that seems to agree with my preconceived
notions that there's a lot of bad
studies uh hearing the number without
the ratio and not knowing if that's a
big or a small percentage is useless how
many of you this is just a little check
for you how many of you knew before I
told you that when I said there are
10,000 retractions and it's a new record
how many of you immediately said that's
not actually telling me anything how
many of you knew that the moment you
heard it because that's what you should
be doing I'm trying to I'm trying to get
you to the point that the moment you
hear the raw number without the
percentage or the percentage without the
raw number you can't believe anything
else that happens after that yeah so be
alert there's also a study some
researchers said that the after school
activities for kids you know they're all
packed up with tutoring and sports and
music and clubs and stuff like that they
say that it's not really helping them
because the kids are so basically filled
with stuff all day that that last hour
of stuff is not really helping them
they're basically full by the time they
get done with school their heads are
full now did they need to do some
research on this or could they have
saved some money and just ask me because
asking me would have gotten you the same
result Scott do you think that schools
are organized in a way that's good for
the children good for their minds and
their development and good for the
families I would say no it seems to be
organized for the opposite school school
and all the activities appear to be
organized to destroy family life and uh
drive you into
divorce now I'm not saying that they
planned it that way but there's a
there's a famous well I guess it's
getting more famous saying that says
that if a system gives you the same
output Time After Time After Time and
nobody changes it that the output is the
intention you can't say well we didn't
intend it to work out that way if year
after year after year you keep doing the
same thing and you know it what you're
getting anybody who is a
parent uh with the exception of people
who are maybe parents for the top
2% if you're a top two you could
probably handle all this stuff yeah I
got a plus I got
music got it all I'm in this sport too
but for 98% of kids they just get
overwhelmed and they don't have any
family time there's no family dinner
because everybody's driving everybody
around the parents lives are a living
hell when they get done with their own
work they're just driving driving
sitting watching driving and it
basically just destroys all quality of
life for no benefit whatsoever I knew
that how many of you knew that how many
of you were completely aware that the
schools are set up to destroy your
family
I mean it looks like must be the
intention yeah but the the top students
like if you've got an athletic kid that
stuff's great if they're really good at
Athletics it's just not the
average oh over in Finland they've got a
uh got a big project they're going to
make a big battery on a sand so they're
going to store a whole bunch of heat in
a special kind of sand uh that just
stores the heat well and then they can
reuse it
later what if that works it's not
ordinary sand there's some kind of
special sand but not that rare so what
if that
works I I love the idea of using dirt
for a battery special sand but Finland
also has a project make a gravity
battery so the first kind just stores
heat which can then be converted to
energy but the second kind um uses an
abandoned
mine and a big weight that goes down the
mine
downhill um to create energy because
anything moving can be used to harness
energy and uh then during the day when
the energy is cheap they pull it or when
I guess at night when the energy is
cheap no it must be the during the day
because they're using solar they'll pull
the weight up the mine and then when
they need the energy they'll let it go
back down so two different uh
Technologies in Finland
kind of kind of
promising all
right York University we'll get to the
political news I just there's fun
science today
um they said the best case scenario for
the highest life satisfaction so they
looked at different demographics and
Lifestyles and they found out that uh
the happiest people are this uh you're
married
happy um oh this is for women I think
specifically for women you're you're
married um you're happy with your
personal appearance because the thing
they found is that your appearance has
more to do with your overall happiness
than almost
anything and uh uh if you've got
excellent health and consider yourself
upper class you're most likely to be
happy huh well now that's completely
surprising people who are in a good
marriage good
health
goodlooking and good social life and
also lots of money either up or a class
now somehow quite
surprisingly they're happier than other
people now who saw that coming who saw
that coming huh I don't know well let's
add this to you could have asked Scott I
think I could have told you this and
saving a bunch of money
yeah well there's new uh robot
restaurants a vegan restaurant
um one of the founders of chipot I guess
or the founder he's experimenting with
it and it's got a big robot arm and it
only has three staff members because the
robot does a lot of the work and it kind
of makes sense to make a vegan
restaurant with
robots because if you're a vegan you
don't like to be around a lot of
meat and the employees are made of meat
almost entirely a little bit of bones
but mostly meat and so you can get rid
of a lot of the
meat including the food as well as the
employees with that robot now here's
something that been my biggest pet peeve
so much so I even tried to start up
start up at one point to fix it the the
amount of
work to buy food bring it home prepare
it store it put it in my mouth and clean
up is
crazy it's crazy and the expense of it
all the how many times a a potato has to
change hands before it gets in my
stomach do you know how much work a
potato has to do to get into my body a
lot of
work so I would like to see robots take
the whole concept of getting food into
my body and make it a lot easier so this
might be a working step in the right
direction how how many of you have
largely given up on cooking an actual
meal every night rather just grab a
sandwich or something have any of you
just said this is just crazy I'm not
going to make a meal every
night I just wonder is it common because
it's been a long time since I was in a
any kind of family situation where there
was like a family meal you know part of
it is a school thing because nobody's
available at the same time you can't
have a family meal if the kids are
always doing an
activity yeah yeah I think the whole
idea of the family dinner has sort of
disappeared for maybe half of the
country or
more well the military is going to go
hard in drones they going to make a
thousand drones for the Air Force and I
guess one of the big uses of the drones
would be to escort our
human um planes like the B21 and the
F-35 I guess you all saw that coming but
the big story is it's happening
fast and as soon as they put AI in there
we're all dead I think we all know that
because we saw the
movie all right uh Elon Musk has a good
quote today that I think sums up
everything he said trying to help people
well he it's not his own quote he just
posted it trying to help people
understand what's going on right now is
you know what's going on in in the world
basically the country trying to help
people understand what's going on right
now is like uh going back into a burning
building to pull someone out only to
have them keep punching you in the face
and demand evidence that the burning is
on fire even after they admit they can
see see the
Flames doesn't that feel like what it
is it literally feels like the world is
burning and when you talk to people say
hey the world is
burning you know can we help you out
they'll say I'm fine and they'll say can
you see the Flames yeah yeah what's
going on here why why do you not want to
get away from the Flames what's going on
and I would say that the shorter version
of this is cognitive dissonance
cognitive dissonance is when You' have
created a let's say a decision around
your who you believe you are you're a
nice person so you must back nice things
for example then you find out the nice
thing isn't so nice and you don't want
to change your mind because you like to
be
consistent so I do think a big part of
the problem is people are not seeing the
obvious
because it's hard well Bitcoin is
zooming up again is it still up this
morning it was
zooming what does it tell us that
Bitcoin is
zooming number one it's probably
something about non-trusting
governments because if I thought that
the dollar was going to stay useful
forever I would own a lot less
Bitcoin so I think Bitcoin is a vote
against the government being effective
in the long
run but you also have the ETFs that are
getting approved I guess Great Britain's
looking at it too so a lot of people who
would not have touched Bitcoin are now
seeing it as an essential part of their
portfolio so as people just add it for
diversification it'll become valuable
now how many of you remember for the
past two years I've been telling you
that Bitcoin makes sense for
diversification
because at some point the ETFs are
likely to add it you know unless
something surprising happened and here
we are so the ETFs meaning the funds are
adding it and if the funds have to add
it they're going to be gigantic
purchases which drives up the price and
that's what you're see among other
animal spirits it's a lot of psychology
in
it well my theme for the rest of the
show is the enemy is inside the
house the enemy is us that's the theme
see if I can tie this together Story
number one um according to Fox News the
January 6 committee uh allegedly
suppressed testimony showing Trump uh
Administration tried to get National
Guard presence on January
6 now Liz Cheney who was part of that
January 6 committee says that's flatly
false but Liz Shany is the least
credible person in the world um I think
if I knew nothing other than Fox news
says it's true and Liz Cheney says it's
not true who would you believe if the
only thing you knew ISS Fox News versus
Liz chady which side do you
take well the news is not the most
reliable thing in the
world but Liz Cheney is the least
reliable thing in the world now I I
think um you know this will be one where
there's going to be some question
about uh whether or not it was really
suppressed or whether she thought it
wasn't important and the committee
thought it wasn't important
so it wasn't that it was suppressed it
was misinterpreted it's going to be one
of those stories but uh since nothing
that L Cheney says is anything but
ridiculous partisan
bile I think there's a greater chance
that Fox News has the story right in
this
case there's a uh fund called
avanza which be because it uses
ESG uh ESG is you know the standard
where you're make sure that you're doing
good by the
uh environment and you're hiring diverse
staff Etc and one of the companies that
didn't do well in the rankings uh and
therefore avanza decided they could not
put money into it and you may have heard
that this company is called uh
Nvidia
Nvidia yeah so there's a company that
has actual us people's money in it that
said Nvidia you know this might be
something we'd invest in except for
they're that they're weak on
ESG so do you think the problem is the
world economic Forum like
CSG this a problem coming from all them
strange talking foreigners with their
accents and stuff and making people go
to Davos or could it
be that Americans are taking it too
seriously and that's really the problem
don't we have the option of rejecting
it don't we wa we can't just say
no well I would say this problem is
coming from inside the house if you were
an investor in this avanza fund and you
found out that they didn't invest in the
number one best stock of all time so far
who knows what'll happen after this
Nvidia and it was because of weak ESG I
think you'd have to say the problems
coming from inside the
house well Mike Lindell got is going to
get his day in the Supreme Court I'm
surprised actually I don't know exactly
what it is but I think it's about
election claims says he's been waiting 3
years for it and he says quote the
evidence we're going to drop you're
going to see on Friday is the most
explosive you've ever
seen we're talking Kraken people Kraken
all over the place now I will give you
my generic
warning that if a 100 claims are made
about the 2020 election being rigged you
can guarantee that 95% of them are false
at the minimum it could be 100% but at
minimum 95% are going to be false I said
that on the first day and lots and lots
of times after it and it's been true so
far
now does that mean that there aren't a
bunch of real CH real claims that will
turn out to be you know explosive it
doesn't mean that 5% of the claims would
still be a lot of claims and you only
need one to be right for the whole
election to be different than it came
out so it only takes one
you only need one and everything is
different than what you thought it was
so do we have one well if you follow the
rasmason account almost well every
single day for weeks and weeks and
months and years actually I think
they've been showing you evidence that
sure looks it looks credible but there's
always that extra level of verification
It's like got to hear what the other
side
says so do you think the Supreme Court
would have taken the case if there was
nothing to it
so I'm not sure if he's going to make
election claims or some other kind of
claims we don't know but um if we live
in a simulation and if the Trump story
is going to look like a a three-part
movie play which it seems like it's
shaping up to do there's going to be
there has to be the magic point where
Trump is right about the 2020 election
being rigged now I don't personally have
any you know proof that that's the case
that it was rigged personally I wouldn't
know I would have no way of knowing but
if it's a movie it feels like every
single indication the cats on the roof
Mike Lindell is going to the Supreme
Court you know there's court cases
pending that have been delayed for
reasons we don't understand or ballots
that are apparently according to
Witnesses or fake ballots and they're
locked in a room and they won't be
unlocked but we don't know why there's a
delay so there's a whole bunch of
things any one of them could be the
Kraken so you know the Kraken would be
the alleged big big proof that the
election was rigged we haven't seen it
yet uh to my satisfaction but I would
say all the indications
are it's it's
coming I I've never seen more
foreshadowing for anything in my life
now it doesn't guarantee that there's
something out there that's
corrupt and it doesn't guarantee that if
there is we never see it but it sure
feels like it is everybody having the
same feeling that it just feels like
between now and November something's
going to break on that story about the
2020
election I don't know if I'd put money
on it but it sure feels like it just
things are getting that way all right
MSNBC is reporting that uh Joe Biden
said and I quote uh every time he hears
Trump speak he gets Juiced
up he gets Juiced up whenever he hears
Trump
speak well I think I need to hear more
about that juice um because I think KLA
Harris is Juiced up every time she hears
Trump speak I don't know if it's the
same juice could be a different
juice but whatever juice they're pumping
into H Biden might be a different juice
they're pumping into Kamala but they
seem pretty Juiced up to me
all right uh speaking of rasmon they did
a poll says 35% of likely us voters say
that if Trump wins this year's election
they would support Democrats in Congress
refusing to certify the election
results is that the best that's the just
the best poll I love the fact that rasos
even asked that
question it's just perfect because
35%
saying that it wouldn't certify a trump
Victory now keep in mind that the
question does not suggest that there
might have been something wrong with the
election so the question does not say if
you suspected there was something wrong
with the election would you be against
certifying it no it just says would you
be against certifying it just if he
wins so there might be some assumptions
embedded in people's answers as in as in
they might assume that that means is
rigged but that would sound a lot like
the magga people wouldn't it what
percentage of the country do you think
are Mega Republicans
go what percentage of the country are
Mega
Republicans
35 was that high 35% I think that's
about the number of Republicans and the
number of you know Trump leaning
Republicans is pretty close so BAS
basically it looks like there are a few
more people who would support the
Democrats doing exactly what the
Republicans tried to do except that the
Republicans weren't trying to do
that were they do you think the January
6 people were trying to prevent
certification well it kind of means kind
of depends what you mean by that if
prevent if prevent means permanently
prevent that's not what the January 6ers
is asked for they did not ask for it to
be permanently prevented they wanted a
delay to make sure it was a good
election but these Democrats don't say
anything about a delay 35% of Voters
which will include some apparently that
would include some Republicans I don't
know how many not many probably they
would they would refuse to
certify so I guess there's no moral
argument
left and let me say again the problems
coming from inside the house
yeah it's inside the house well
something called the Academy Awards
happened last night which apparently is
some kind of celebration of movies that
um I would not watch because they're all
terrible I could I recognized zero
movies that were nominated and I have no
intention of seeing any of them because
the more likely uh it is to get an award
the less likely it's good entertainment
because it means they packed it with you
crap um but let's there number of
stories that came out of it number one
some guy named Jonathan
Glazer uh got up there and he got
rupard rupar is when you get taken out
of context so part of your comments are
removed to make it very different from
what he actually intended so let me tell
you what he said and then I'll tell you
how he got
rupard he said and by the way I'm not
agreeing I'm not agreeing with what he's
saying I'm just telling you what he said
he said right now we stand here as men
who refute their jewishness and the
Holocaust being hijacked by an
occupation that has led to Conflict for
so many innocent people so his framing
is that the uh Israel occupying that
territory so he would call it occupying
others would call it something else um
is uh basically it makes them feel bad
because their you know their jewishness
and the the
Holocaust are being being cheapened so
basically he's saying that you know Jews
and you know this this big idea of the
Holocaust are being cheapened by what's
happening there that got taken out of
context now just to be clear I'm not
saying he said something I agree with
and then they reversed it I'm not saying
that but he did get take it out of
context so they dropped the second part
where he says being hijacked by an
occupation and and it got reported as
right now we stand here as men who
refute their jewishness and the
Holocaust
no they were not refuting their
jewishness and the Holocaust but that's
how it got reported on social media by a
lot of people that you follow probably
now what he did say might be equally OD
and terrible to the people who are his
critics but it wasn't what he
said just to be clear that wasn't what
he
said um interestingly you know we always
you always hear people saying that uh
Jew that Hollywood is you know run by
Jews I'm not saying that that's you
common meme you hear yet um it seemed
like the biggest theme was
pramas how do you explain that how do
you get a job so a number of the people
who went to the Oscars were
wearing um Pro
ceasefire messages so a lot of them were
Pro ceasefire now if you were Jewish
there's a good chance that you interpret
pro- ceasefire not everybody of course
everybody's different but there would be
a lot of Jewish people who would say
that if you're Pro ceasefire you're kind
of pro Hamas because that's what they're
asking for it's literally what they're
asking for and you know that would give
you the problem of how do you solve it
in the long run if you do a
ceasefire um so how do how do the actors
who are pro ceasefire ever get work
again is that going to be a
problem or or has something happened in
Hollywood they just opposed the whole
town where the town is full of Jewish
actors and Jewish managers Etc but
they've all gone to or have a
substantial number of them turned into
ceasefire supporters which would feel to
many like Kamas
supporters I don't know I feel like
Hollywood has done every single thing
they can to destroy their own uh
industry so the
wokeness you know made it terrible to
watch and you know movies are boring in
general because other things are just
more exciting these days and faster and
get to the point faster so movies are
like a dead art form in my opinion but
then they add this thing like why do why
do the Hollywood actors think that they
need to be making comments about Israel
during the AC
Awards like where did they get that idea
you can't separate those a little
bit anyway Jimmy Kimble was the host uh
he was pretty cringey according to
people who don't like him but according
to the wild sealike clapping in the
audience to his bad jokes when he made
fun of uh Trump being up past his jail
time uh and then the the audience Wonder
oh Trump in jail were you so happy we
you so happy Trump in jail um so it was
disgusting on that level that they were
cheering for an innocent man to go to
jail innocent would be my opinion
innocent till proven
guilty and then the biggest surprise of
all apparently there were guidelines for
the Academy Awards to and movie well
guidelines for movies so the guidelines
for movies were to include a lot of
diversity and they had pretty specific
guidelines of you know make sure you've
got at least two from this group and you
know Etc and then after all that Pro
diversity stuff uh let's see how it went
pachy Keenan is reporting this on X best
picture went to uh well that was an allh
cast right probably an anomaly the best
sporting actor went to oh white guy best
actor though went to well that was white
guy however however the best actress
went to well a white woman but not not
to feel bad because the best director
went to well white guy and but at least
to redeem the best director for short
films went well white guy so a lot of
white people won stuff I'm not
complaining about it I'm just saying how
the hell did that
happen does Hollywood have some kind of
a a weird self-hatred internal
Revolution that's going on is there a
Civil War in Hollywood I don't know
what's going on I have no
idea uh also the best s to a white woman
um do you all know sha
King who uh is famous as a black
activist who many of his critics say
Sean you don't even look black I I don't
even think you're
black so um that's one part of his story
but apparently he's up the ante and he's
become a uh he's embraced Islam so as of
yesterday Shan King is a Muslim so so
he's a black
Muslim so so that's good so um I don't
want to say that Shan King is the poor
man's Andrew
Tate but I really do so I'm gonna say it
sha King is the poor man's Andrew
Tate I just like saying people are the
poor man something it's always funny
it's never it's never not
funny all right meanwhile Trump was
posting on Truth during the uh
Academy Awards and jimmmy Kimmel
actually read his post live here's what
it was from Trump uh on on Truth he said
has there ever been a worse host than
Jimmy Kimmel at the Oscars his opening
was that of a less than average person
trying too hard to be something he is
not and never can be get rid of Kimmel
and perhaps replace him with another
washed up but cheap ABC Talent George
soplos George
slopis he would make everybody on stage
look bigger stronger and more
[Laughter]
glamorous and he says uh after a really
bad politically correct show tonight and
for years just jointed boring and very
unfair why don't they just give the
Oscars to those that deserve them maybe
that way Their audience and TV ratings
will come back from the depths make
America great
again Trump is never not
funny it's like he doesn't have the
capability to not be funny if you know
if you like his whole act right if you
hate him you hate him let's talk about
ABC News George
soplos who you know as stephanopolous so
he got into it with Nancy mace
Republican on the
show and it was fascinating because they
both are uh so both of them are really
good with media right George anop
obviously great understanding of media
and how to use it but a you know a
biased partisan for Democrats Nancy May
same thing super good at all media
things you know the camera loves her
lots of good quotes and stuff so these
are two people who really understand how
the the media Works do you know what
people do when somebody who really
understands the media and his partisan
interview somebody else who really
understands the media and his partisan
well was kind of hilarious because Nancy
mace kept trying to frame the questions
from Stephanopoulos as quote trying to
shame a rape victim which she repeated
over and over and over
again meanwhile stopus was framing as
the jury found Trump liable for rape
which didn't happen in the real world by
the way um but also what didn't happen
in the real world is step is trying to
shap Nancy maer as a rape
victim so both of them just continually
repeated their claims which were
ridiculous they're both ridiculous but
they're both so smart about the media
that they know that all that mattered is
what they
repeated so they were actually in just
not even in the same conversation and
neither of them cared to fix
it you have to say it as fascinating
there you might if you were a little
less let's say informed about how things
work it would look like two people who
couldn't have a conversation or somebody
avoiding a question or somebody asking
illegitimate questions and trying to
score points that's sort of the old way
to look at it but if you understand that
the two people are you know brilliant at
handling media events brilliant I mean
they're top 1% easily um then you
understand that they know that the
audience can't follow an
argument the audience a can't follow any
complicated argument so what you can do
is just repeat over and over something
you want them to
hear so if you were a pro Nancy mace and
you spent you know any one second
looking at that video you'd say man I
hate that SLO anopolis guy to quote
Trump he's trying to to shame a rape
victim I watched the whole thing nothing
like that happened not even a little bit
at the same time uh did the jury find
Trump for rape nope completely made up
but he wants everybody to think that
happen so what did happen well Byron
York tries to explain what the jury did
find and I think you can join me in
saying what all right so here's the
here's Byron yor try Byron yor Byron
York trying to explain it he said in
fact the jury specifically found Trump
not liable for rape it found him liable
for quote sexual abuse the judge later
tried to spin the decision citing laws
that did not
apply okay according to Byron York laws
did not apply to argue that the jury
implicitly found Trump liable for
rape I don't even know what that
sentence
means like I understand it as
English but like what's it really mean
in the real world how in the world does
a judge cite a law that doesn't exist to
argue that the jury found in their in
their own minds they were thinking
something other than what they
said but I guess something like that
happened you know Byron York is very
credible in his
analyses uh in the absence of an actual
jury finding of rape the jur the judge
guessed that the jury's decision
necessarily implies
rape do do you understand why Nancy mace
would not want to get into a decision
about the
details because you can't you can't
explain the story in the details you
could read that sentence like 15 times
and go I'm not exactly sure what right
do you do any of you even understand
that issue that the judge used a law
that doesn't exist to read the minds of
the
jury
what anyway so those are good two good
media pros at
work um
did you know that apparently half of the
country is unaware according to recent
survey that uh the non-documented SL
noncitizens get counted in the census
now you might say to yourself well so
what the census is just trying to figure
out who's here so they're here might as
well count them so what you might not
remember is that the census is in part
and maybe largely the main reason is to
figure out how many
representatives um are applicable so if
they can uh they being the Democrats if
they can pump up areas with extra um
non-citizens then the census when it
rolls around will say Hey you need some
extra Representatives because you got
some extra people those extra
Representatives would allow the
Democrats to have a majority and Rule
forever as kings and
queens um the Trump Administration I
guess tried to get citizenship to be the
only valid answer on the census you know
so that it didn't have this distorting
effect and um musk is pointing that out
Elan musk and it's obvious that this is
isn't it obvious to you that this is all
intentional I mean that's what mus is
saying it's obviously intentional to
pump up the power of the Democrats at
any cost cost and the any cost would be
extra crime
Etc and cost
um
so you think the problem is the
immigrants right do you think the
problem is the migrants do you think the
problem is the cartel do you think the
problem is um George
Soros well to me it looks like the
problem is coming from inside the house
because none of those things would
matter if the Democrats didn't want it
to happen because we would just have
stronger laws Etc so the problem with um
migration is coming entirely from
inside and it's intentional because if
if a if a system continues to give you
one kind of output and you don't change
it that must be the output you want
because you do have the ability to
change it so so you must we we must
assume that this plot to increase power
at the cost of American citizens is
exactly what it looks like speaking of
things that are exactly what they look
like do you remember me saying the only
explanation for why we're not doing
anything useful about fenel and about
the Border must be that the cell is on
our side now when I say our side I mean
must be working with American power
interests otherwise we would stop it and
then Mike Ben who has more information
than I do I was just looking at the
system and saying hey if the system
keeps giving you the same result and the
government has the ability to change it
but does nothing that must be the result
they want and therefore they must be
working with the cartels to control
Mexico and Central
America but I was just talking through
my ass based on the system all I did was
look at the output I simply looked at
the output and said all right if
nobody's trying very hard to change it
they must want it it what could be the
possible explanation for wanting this
and the only explanation is that we're
the ones doing it if it were coming only
from the outside as a risk to Americans
we would have stopped it somehow but
we're not even trying in in a way that
looks like trying you know there's
little stuff but not
really so Mike
benza says
um that the reason that uh the
department defense CIA in the state and
D department of homand security they all
tried to stop Trump from building a
border
wall because as Mike Ben says if we lose
the cartels we lose Latin
America that's
right we need the cartels for America to
have control over the governments of
other countries because the only way we
can control the governments is to
control the cartels because the cartels
control the
governments so basically we are we are
consciously we meaning these groups of
three-letter people are consciously
allowing 100,000 people to die from
overdoses and consciously allowing us to
be overrun with crime and uh
migrants uh because it gives us control
over the other
countries now is that a is that a bad
decision I'm going to surprise you
because it surprised me but as you know
I've been the probably one of the most
vocal critics about the Border as well
as fenol and not doing enough about it
because in my opinion it was a
contributing factor to my stepson's
overdose and so I was really really mad
at the government for seeing the problem
much like Elan musk points out you can
see the Flames why are you trying to put
them out and and that was was really
frustrating to have you know a death in
the family that looked like it you know
could have been maybe if not preventable
there could have been a lot more that
could have been done and then not to
watch nothing being done was like the
worst most painful feeling you could
imagine that I couldn't stop it from
happening to somebody else's kid I mean
really that's all you have left all you
have left when you lose your own kid is
you can make something good out of it
you know you try to turn into a positive
anything so you know maybe you do a
charity a lot of people would do stuff
like that uh I thought my role would be
to try to persuade tougher action
against uh Mexico for the fenel
specifically I can now see that that's a
waste of
energy I can now see that this was a
conscious tradeoff and a better way to
see the death of all of the uh young
people and other people dying from
fentanyl is that they're effectively
like conscript
in other words it's like having a draft
except the draft is based on who got
addicted so the people who got addicted
are um essentially War casualties
because the war in this case is to
control the other countries by working
with the cartels productively to do that
and the expense of that just like the
expense of any War would be the soldiers
you lose and the soldiers in this case
didn't sign up for it except they kind
of
did you know what if you're an addict
you didn't sign up to die and you didn't
sign up to fight the cartels but you did
sign up for something that was going to
put you in the middle of that
mix and you did sign up for something
that gave you a pretty good risk of
dying and it is true that people
consciously put themselves in that
situation and so I've actually had a
change of opinion that when you know
it's coming from inside the house
meaning that the drugs coming into the
country are America's
Choice then I see it as basically a
forced conscription like a draft except
that the addicts who became were the
ones who paid for the war they pay for
it literally by buying the drugs and it
looks like the uh our three letter
agencies probably share some of that and
use it for for bad
gains but yeah so my step kid was killed
in this war he didn't know he was
in
so there's
that uh and I actually feel different
about it now because the thing I don't
know is if we're better
off I don't know if we're better off as
a country by controlling Central and
South
America if we're doing it just for money
or something then of course it's the
height of evil but if we're doing it
because people who are a lot smarter
than me say you know if we don't do this
it's going to be way worse it's going to
be way worse if we don't do it because
they'll just you know Central and South
America will you know have I don't know
economic problems with a bad government
and dictators will bring in Chinese
Rockets you know all kinds of problems
so I don't know you know I I try to be a
realist and I say obviously I didn't
want my stepson to die but he didn't die
the way I thought he did the way I
thought he did was there were too many
drugs and and he took some it looks like
the drugs are intentional it's the way
they fund their their control of other
countries and that effectively he was a
conscript you just didn't know or or you
might say he was a volunteer but he
didn't know he was volunteering for that
well what about those gangs in Haiti as
you know the the government is in I know
disappeared dur in some other country
the leader I guess the leader was put in
by some kind of CIA FBI plot according
to also Mike Benz and the president was
assassinated largely by our Spooks plus
who they worked with in the in that
country who were probably not good
people and then the bad people took over
and then uh emptied the jails released
the prisoners and now the reports are
that there are cannibal
gangs um that are going around eating
people and the streets are just pure
crime and violence now now a lot of
people are saying do you remember when
Trump called these other countries
hole countries and people said you can't
say that well uh I'm not going to call
them a hole country because I've
learned that that is an inappropriate
thing to say so Haiti is not a hole
country it is merely a country with no
functional economy or government in
which the streets are ruled by criminal
gangs and cannibalism is becoming a
national problem but not a
hole not now that's the bad news here's
the good news the good news is that the
cannibals in Haiti um have a better diet
than most
Americans and uh they're getting a good
protein Source not a lot of additives
and the reports are U oh there are very
few chronic illnesses in Haiti among the
canals so the American diet as you know
will give you a lot of chronic illnesses
RFK Jr will tell you that for sure but
in Haiti they're they got a cleaner
protein they're just eating each other
and no no chronic illness it's carnivore
diet um but and then other people are
saying but hey Scott don't joke about
this because those Haiti gangs are going
to come to America the cannibals are
going to come here and start eating
Americans
and I'm not sure that's a
problem because if if we just sort of
lock ourselves in doors the the
cannibals are going to end up eating
people around
doors so they're they're going to eat a
lot of homeless people probably eat a
lot of the uh Venezuelan uh prisoners
that were released so if we get the
cannibals to eat the Venezuelan um
prisoners that came up from
Venezuela that could be a plus so in the
short run two plans short run you get
the Haiti cannibals to eat the other
migrants but eventually that's not going
to work because if the uh cannibals stay
here in America long enough um
apparently the microplastics in the
water will cause them to lose their
health and vigor and they might lose uh
all of their cannibalistic urges um
because they'll mostly be playing video
games and masturbating like Americans
and uh they just won't have the energy
they'll probably just door Dash like
everybody
else they'll be like well I could go
kill a homeless person and eat them cuz
I'm a cannibal or I could just door Dash
play video games and masturbate so in
the long run I wouldn't worry about it
it'll take care of
itself meanwhile there's a study in of
Great Britain that says that the water
is so polluted that the men's sperm
count is going down and they're shooting
blanks uh this is coming from Sir Tim
Smith who is 69 they have to tell you so
I don't I don't that just
seemed a story about sperm and they got
to tell us that the guy's age is 69 I
don't know why do we need to know
that why do we need to know that anyway
the UK's rivers and seas are so packed
with chemicals that all the men are
turning into hermaphrodites and frogs
are gay and stuff something like
that but uh so yeah that's another
example of the problems coming from
inside the house meanwhile in the city
of Pittsburgh they're cutting back on
the police responses so between 3:00
a.m. and 7:00 a.m. uh no police will
show up if you report certain kinds of
things like theft harassment criminal
mischief and burglar burglary
alarms well I'm not so sure you need the
police in all those situations so that
might actually make sense we'll see
let's talk about ticktock as you know
Trump uh was against it but now he's for
it because his biggest donor has like I
don't know $30 billion invested in bite
dance so the biggest donor looks like he
bought off um at least Trump and VI and
maybe Rand Paul and maybe Thomas Massie
maybe others and there are reports uh
one lawmaker told the publication Su for
they had been personally threatened by a
uh that a yes vote to ban Tik Tock could
result in political retaliation they
said it would be bad for your future and
you'll get millions of dollars dropped
in your head meaning you know for your
opponent so so that's what's happening
so um if you thought that the the risk
of Tik Tock was coming from China it was
not it was coming from an American
investor who has so much money that he
can essentially buy the Loyalty of trump
and V and Rand Paul and Thomas Massie
apparently now I'll just say allegedly
because you can't read anybody's minds
but that's what it looks like and if you
want to make sure that's not the case
what you would do is You' listen to
V and you'd make sure that he knew what
the critical problem was which is the
persuasion
threat so you could find out if he's
bought
off or he's lying by whether or not he
says he understands the greatest threat
so here's an update so if aake says yes
yes I understand the threat of Tik Tock
is a persuasion threat then maybe he's
got an honest opinion but if he ignores
the persuasion threat and talks about
things like data and children spending
too much time on it then you'd know he's
bought off in my opinion right can't
read his mind but that would be the
indication so let's see what he says
listen for what reasons does he give why
Tik Tock is bad president Trump just
came out against a legislative measure
that would require the owner of Tik Tock
to divest it it's currently a Chinese
owner a company called bite dance or
else that it would be banned in the
United States President Trump just came
out opposing that I think that's the
right decision actually of President
Trump to oppose that legislation because
it doesn't make any sense and I've long
said this even late in the campaign took
a lot of heat from fellow Republicans
give reasons I think we have to ask
ourselves the why and this is the
problem with professional politicians
Trump is a professional politician and
neither am I but many people in
professional politics they look at what
they're supposed to say and they act
like billiard balls on a pool table they
go in whatever Direction they're hit
without thinking about the actual don't
really need the analogy just re
Republican party give us a reason let's
take a step back and ask about the why
of what's going on here what you get to
it concern that people have with dict
what it problem it kids not just Tik Tok
that applies to a bunch of other social
media platforms can you tell us and that
is an issue we need to tackle why don't
you get to it I do think there
should be Age based restrictions on
using addictive social media okay that's
not the point specific point yeah this
point about relates to a different
concern oh here it comes the use and
provision of data us user data
potentially to the Chinese Communist
party and I think that is a major
concern it's not the major concern it's
a major isn't limited to just Tik Tock
or even chinese-owned companies in the
US here it comes it expands to include
even so-called us companies that are
still beholding to the CCP because they
do business in China here's an example A
couple of years ago there was good Wall
Street Journal reporting this is all
 by the way Airbnb not the issue
us company supposedly us company at
least
was dat the CCP not the issue for doing
business yeah it's also bad but it's not
the big issue Jal Sean Joyce the Chief
privacy officer of Airbnb resigned over
that because it wasn't properly
disclosed to the public and one of
airbnb's co-founders reported come on
let's talk about persuasion to promote
American values and the big problem is
what's the big problem put a little
black Square on their Instagram the
problem matter that virtue signaling
aside this is what they say behind cled
doors it's not just Airbnb though it
applies to countless other us companies
we have to ask ourselves the why the why
why are you getting to the point
real concern we ought to have is the
provision of us consumer and user dat to
the Chinese Communist not the point get
the point against come on ban us
companies from providing us user data
tell us Persuasions
me of the say it but it is beyond silly
to just pick one randomy and go after
them because that is temporarily a
politically popular divers actually
failing to solve the actual problem the
companies and US companies alike
including the US companies that do
business in China now here's the real
problem with a Republican party is when
it has its head stuck in the stand this
oh now we're going to talk politics
without actually talking about the
problem Democrats are all over reaching
the next generation of Americans while
Republicans are virtue signaling amongst
themselves failing to actually bring
those new voters Along by meeting them
at least on the platform that is
operating in the United States now it's
about politics I became one of the rare
Republicans when I was running for
president one of the rare Republican
candidates who did open a Tik Tok
[Music]
account any
questions yeah it's exactly what it
looks like so yeah apparently they were
just bought bought off now what Trump
says is that um he said he thinks Tik
Tock is a national security threat but
he couldn't support Congress Banning it
because it would boost support for
Facebook which he says is the enemy of
the
people now first of all would it would
it boost um say Instagram that it's
owned by Facebook do you think it would
boost Instagram because Instagram's a
competing service you know they have
reals that are like Tik toks I think so
probably
um but would that make any difference I
don't think it would make enough
difference is is the reason that
Facebook is the enemy of the people do
they have only barely enough money to be
the enemy of the
people
right's not wrong he's just um he's
diverting did you hear me say he was
wrong no I didn't say he's wrong I said
that they were bought off but and
they're that they're markedly so the
people who are not bought off
are um
Crawford and
um uh well I'll give you some other
names but the the people who mention
persuasion
specifically they're not bought off
because they know the big problem if
they say persuasion first as the big
problem then you could say they're not
bought
off um so Facebook has all the money it
needs to be the enemity the people it
wouldn't make any difference if they had
a little extra money from some Tick Tock
people coming over that is obviously not
a real reason Trump is giving you the
best reason he can it's a lie it's
because they're they're it's because
they're big donor owns a big piece of it
so the problem on Tik Tok is coming from
inside the house your government
government apparently will not be there
to help you whatsoever on the question
of Tik Tock so it's up to the
parents
um let me check
in you you think that krenshaw said
persuasion is the big problem but that
he's bought off who who's going to pay
for
that who who would buy who would buy him
off
you have to figure out who would pay for
that nobody would pay for
that all right uh Adam shiff who
uh still hasn't uh passed The Uncanny
Valley problem where you don't look like
a human you look you look at him and you
go I don't even know if I'm looking at a
human there is that a human
being anyway uh Schiff and John Brennan
are saying the same message what's that
tell you
if Adam Schiff and John Brenan go both
go on TV and say the same thing about
Trump what do you know about the thing
they said they are
literally The hoax team The hoax team is
Clapper Brennan chiff swell Rasin right
and others but if you see them working
together on any Trump related thing it's
a
hoax it's what they do they don't send
these guys out for the true stuff
because the stuff you don't need hoaxers
they save the hoaxers for just hoaxes so
as soon as you see that bread and and
shiff said the same thing which is that
uh the Intel people probably won't give
president
Trump um as a candidate or maybe even in
office the the good stuff on the Pres on
the intelligence briefings because they
don't trust him with all of his you know
boxes at moral
Lago they don't they don't explain why
it was okay that uh Biden had a bunch of
boxes but they say that uh they'll
probably leave out uh quote the sources
and
methods because they're afraid that uh
Trump would give the sources and methods
away to to somebody now here's my
question why would you ever tell a
president the sources and methods
whether it's Trump or somebody
else isn't that exactly what you
shouldn't tell somebody who's not you
know deep into the secret part of the
government I think the secret part of
the government should
say um here's what we know and then when
they say how do you know it you know you
can say something general but should you
be giving sources and
methods should
you it seems like it should never be
written down but if the president asks
for
it don't you think they should answer as
in how do we know this is true and they
could say something like well we we have
human intelligence sources that we trust
and they've been right before is that
something that's going to give away the
store you most of these are kind of
obvious how we get you know it's either
a human or intelligence or something but
anyway so I have a question whether any
president ever got something that secret
the sources and methods except for the
generic stuff so I don't even think the
I don't think the issue is real but when
you see Brennan and shiff on it it means
that they're part of a hoax to make it
seem that Trump is uniquely un
untrustworthy with information it's just
part of a
narrative there's a video that I saw in
the ma account maaz on X um shows
President Obama in 2009 talking about
immigration and saying we can't have a
million people pouring over the Border
half a million pouring over the border
which is what we have per year or more
and seven years later Obama's position
is considered racist and xenophobic by
democrats
now do you do you see that none of our
national opinions are real can you see
that opinions are just
assigned I always tell you that and I
think you say to yourself well not to me
I mean some other people might get their
opinions assigned to him but you know
that doesn't apply to a thinking person
like myself
but no the Democrats were told in 2009
that you can't have a half a million
people pouring over the Border that'd be
bad and Obama said it and the news said
it so Democrats said it too and then
when everything changed for no good
reason and suddenly those people are
pouring over the Border suddenly it
would be racist and xenophobic to point
out that that was ever a bad
idea and that was immediately adopted by
Democrats is there any question in your
mind that our our opinions on politics
are just assigned to us there's nobody
who thought this through do you think
there a bunch of Democrats who who got
new information since 2009 it's like you
know in 2009 with the information we
were working with we did think it was
bad for half a million people to come
across the border but now that we're
seeing it happen all the information
suggests it's a great idea do you think
that happened no no the news told them
what to think and then they thought it
that that's all that
happened well let's talk about Israel
going into Rafa as you know um Biden
said that was going to be a red line now
a red line um let me Define what a red
line means a red line is something you
say but then you ignore because it
doesn't really mean anything in the real
world apparently uh unless you're Putin
Putin actually Putin actually acts on
red lines that's why you have Ukraine
but again I guess uh we just just use it
as a word it doesn't mean anything so
Biden said it would be a red line if
Israel goes into Rafa while there are
still civilians there of which there are
and um Netanyahu said H we're going to
do whatever we need to do we're going
into
Rafa
so are you
surprised to me this looks like good cop
bad cop business it doesn't look
real do you think that Biden really
wants Israel not to go into Rafa do you
think that's his actual
opinion it could be might actually be
but I feel like this is just obvious
good cop bad cop business because the
United States wants to act like you know
we're the the reasonable Brokers and you
know we we're the control on Israel that
they don't go too far and you know but
we're we're a little bit on both sides
you know we're going to give Aid to both
sides and and um given that we know
Netanyahu was absolutely definitely
going to do what he was going to do no
matter what we said it kind of made
sense for Biden to oppose
it so I might surprise you here too
Biden doing that fake Redline and saying
don't go into Rafa is actually probably
good politics it's probably good
politics I just don't think he means it
because he knows it doesn't make any
difference in NYU is going to do
whatever he wants but probably good but
speaking of which I should also mention
that if vake and Trump are just being
political it's probably good politics so
the the question about um Tik Tock and
banning
it if if it's true and I don't know that
this is true but it could be uh and I
think it's likely it's true if it's true
that Tik Tock was never going to be
banned because it just would never get
the votes then there's no point in VI
and Trump being on a losing side right
if they know it's going to lose you
might as well be on the side that says
hey I'm not I'm no dictator I'm not g to
BR I'm not g to ban this free speech so
it looks like Trump and VI have found
the political Sweet Spot which is you
act like you're in favor of Free Speech
but you have to you have to lie through
your teeth about what you understand
about the risk of Tik Tok so they're
obviously lying through their
teeth Laura Trump as you know is the
co-chair of the uh RNC now and uh people
saying there's some good indications
there so she's going strong to suggest
Republicans work hard for ballot
harvesting the legal kind the legal kind
not any illegal stuff but everybody
understood that if you don't ball
Harvest like crazy you can't win in
today's environment so at least she's
fighting fire with fire
and you know I heard some of you being
skeptical about her as uh the person in
this job I actually have a really high
opinion of
her you know just from a little bit of
interaction she's interviewed me a few
times and every time I see her she just
looks like such a put together serious
cap person you know just in general and
I guess she's going to utilize Scott
Pressler as well um who everybody who
likes him knows that that's a good idea
so Pressler is apparently a superstar
for registering Republicans to vote and
why wouldn't you use your
Superstar it's been puzzling that he
wasn't didn't have a higher profile
because he obviously knows how to do
this work so two indications that Lara
is not only right for the job but
already on it and doing some positive
things there's a report that said Trump
when he met with musk wanted him to
speak at the Republican National
Convention CNBC is saying
that that didn't
happen now actually let me revise that
it might have happened because you know
doesn't know to ask but musk is never
going to speak at the Republican
National
Convention who who takes that
seriously really do do any of you think
that he would be dumb enough to speak
for one of the two major political
parties when he's trying to sell cars to
everybody of course
not of course
not that's the most ridiculous thing
I've ever heard he he's like one of the
smartest guys in the world and CNBC is
you know reporting it like you know
maybe he'd be mulling over doing the
dumbest thing in the world the dumbest
thing in the world would be to give a
speech at one of the party's conventions
nothing would be dumber than that and
and he'd be doing extra work to be doing
the dumbest thing no that's not gonna
happen uh Scott presler is actually on
the road getting signed up
yeah I don't know how he gets funded but
he's doing the
work yeah musk has to depend on the
government liking him for a lot of his
businesses that's true all right is
there any story I missed and did I make
my case that the problem is coming from
inside the
house Tick Tock problem inside the house
border
problem coming from inside the
house
yep
oh it's funny I can tell people who
don't know anything about Me by whether
they believe the uh forchan um hoax
about my pandemic
beliefs I live in this weird world where
anybody who follows me know I knows I
had the best uh predictions about the
pandemic by far and nobody was even
close I just I just nailed that
thing but uh foren reversed it and made
it look like I get everything wrong so
so some percentage of the planet thinks
I'm the worst ever when it was probably
the best prediction performance of all
time by the way I do take some
credit and and and also tell you when I
get something things wrong because I
think that's
fair um otherwise you know since what I
do here is make
predictions I should tell you when I get
them wrong and I should tell you when I
get them
right Peter Navaro got four months in
prison
oh my
God uh Pittsburgh yeah we talked about
that uh there are some people never saw
foran but the hoax started there so if
you heard somebody who believed it then
you got it from somebody who got it from
forchan
um Scott millions of people have built
businesses on Tik Tok they'll have their
lives ruined if it's
banned
true yeah there's nothing that's
free I'm looking at the people who fell
for it they're trying they're trying to
redeem themselves uh here's one clot
failed on Co and now pretends he didn't
you should be very embarrassed that you
fell for a forchan
hoax are you aware that I predicted that
the vaccinations would not
work when it was announced never changed
my
mind were you aware of that do do you
know I was against mandates all the time
and I was never in favor of masks and I
was part of the part of the activism to
get them
removed so anyway you should be
embarrassed that you fell for a fortune
hoax uh no I watched your V videos no
you didn't if you watched my videos then
you're dumber than you act like because
look at the
comments look at the comments the the
other people who watch the videos too
will tell you you got everything
wrong all right
um uh some of you want to hate uh Dan
khaw well I don't I don't know what
other issues you have with him but he's
right on Tik Tok on Tik Tok he exactly
right other things I don't
know didn't I get the VAC what's that
got to do with
anything so some of you think I got the
uh the pandemic wrong because I got the
vax let let me say this clearly for
those of you who don't understand what
 business is it what I did for my
own
health what's that got to do with
anybody and how do you know I didn't
make the right
decision because if you believe anything
about data about the
pandemic you're an idiot anything that
agrees with you or anything that doesn't
agree with you there's no data about the
pandemic that's reliable so there's a
school of thought that says that people
my age with a
comorbidity may have gotten some
protection
um and I don't know if I did but might
have and I got as far as I know no
negative
effects I'm healthier than I've ever
been as far as I can tell and I got to
go on great worldwide vacations which
part was a
mistake now you might say but later
there might be a problem and then then
you'd be right but it wouldn't mean I
made a mistake because let me let me
explain what a lot of you don't
understand we'll put it in Easy terms
let's say there's a two paths and one of
them has a 90% chance of working and one
of them has a 10% chance of working all
right there's two paths let's say and we
don't know we just we're just guessing
and I've got my reasons you've got your
reasons but I take the path where
there's a 90% chance of being right but
I get unlucky so the 10% kicks in so so
there was a 90% chance I'd be right but
I wasn't somebody else took the the path
with a 10% chance of being
right and they got
lucky what would the person who was a
10% chance of right say after they got
lucky they would say they were
Geniuses and they would say that I made
the wrong
choice but I didn't make the wrong
choice I got the wrong
outcome so if your analytical abilities
can't
separate the wrong outcome from making
the right choice based on
statistics then you shouldn't be talking
about it that's that's pretty basic
stuff now some of you also say that you
knew you knew it would be bad for you
because it was the government and big
Fara nobody trusted that not me not
anybody nobody trusted it so I waited
nine months to see who dropped dead
because if I believed it I would have
gone
first I waited like nine months people
weren't dropping dead in my age group if
I had been young do you think I would
have gotten it probably not if I didn't
have a comorbidity asthma uh and it
wasn't a lung disease do you think I
would have gotten it probably not don't
know but probably not so a lot of you
are generalizing from your personal
experience to what I should have done
with my person health and that's
actually
stupid you can only say that you got a
result you liked or that you guessed
right but your opinion of what I did for
my personal medical situation is first
of all you can't know if it worked or
not there's no reliable data I don't
have any outcomes that are bad so far
that I'm aware of and uh I had a great
year and you had to stay
home so how did I lose what where's the
part where I'm worse off because I don't
see it in that story I I see I had more
freedom than you and in the long run so
far it cost me
nothing am I wrong I had more freedom
because I was not afraid of the shot
after nine months of watching people my
age not die from
it all right that's enough of that we're
done with the pandemic I I'd appreciate
it if you never bring up the pandemic
again
yeah it's just too boring it like it
forces me to talk about it and then you
know to just correct your
misperceptions I'm just bored with it
all
right so so this guy says Scott coming
out is proax now did you hear that
 did you hear me say provax did
you hear me say that I said it wouldn't
work and as far as I know it didn't work
work for for most
people now which part is
provax are you still unable to hear what
I'm saying you can't handle that level
of complexity
lensar or or are you just a troll I
can't tell if you're a
idiot and or bad hearing
comprehension it's hard to tell all
right we'll just assume you're
stupid all right uh that's all for now
and uh
grifter they lied yeah you're all off
the point all right that's all for now
I'll see you tomorrow maybe I'll have
better internet I doubt it and thanks
for
joining ah well I have a technical teal
problem that doesn't allow me to end the
stream what do I do about
that well I'll probably have to close
the browser page and get
back