[Applause]
hey everybody come on in it's time yeah
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
Boyer did you come to the right place
imagine if you'd been somewhere else and
you wanted coffee with Scott Adams you
wouldn't get it
no you get that here the good place and
all you need to enjoy this incredible
incredible morning doesn't take much not
much at all just a couple more glass of
tanker gels or time in a canteen jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the dopamine hit of the
day the thing that makes everything
better
including the damn pandemic it's called
the simultaneous EPP and it happens now
go mmm yep I can feel my natural
interferon kicking in I got a
hydroxychloroquine in me just naturally
I didn't even take any pills
I just produce it from my own biological
Factory not really none of that's true
let's talk about what is let's talk
about things that are true okay so I've
decided that rather than annoy you
continuously about the fact that I've
got content over on the locals platform
I'll try to tell you packaging it with
something useful so rather than give you
something that sounds like it just a
commercial I'll try to tell you
something useful and if that tells you
something else that's cool too I talked
about the importance of friction and now
just a little bit of friction might not
change your mind at the moment but over
time friction will wear you down I
talked
that with let's say watching television
just the act of finding you remote
control turning on the television
finding a channel do I want Netflix
there's so much friction now to just
watching television that I've completely
stopped doing it I still I still look
for shows but I never really find them
and watch them last night for example
Christina and I tried to watch the Joker
now neither of us have watched a
complete movie and I don't know ever
III don't know if the two of us have
ever watched a complete movie because we
don't have that kind of attention span
and I thought to myself all right
neither has ever want to watch a movie
again like literally if I never watched
another movie for the rest of my life
I'd be fine with that I just don't know
how anybody spends two and a half hours
doing one thing it just doesn't seem
like a like a thing you do anymore
but we thought all right everybody's
talking about this Joker movie we're
gonna watch it so Christina comes over
and you know we make some popcorn and
it's one of those days after the popcorn
falls on the floor and we're like all
right man it's just so hard to watch a
movie it's like preparation and planning
and you got to get two people in the
same place that's the other thing nobody
likes to watch a movie at the same time
and the old days you know you're late
you're sitting around the living room
anyway there's nothing going on so
you're watching whatever's on but today
try to get to people who wanted to watch
the same movie at the same time it's got
a hard no but nobody's quite of them you
know everybody's got their own thing to
do so we finally find the time we get
together we've got our popcorn that you
know whatever's left that didn't fall on
the floor we sit down and we turn it on
and we get into it and then I realize I
swear I swear this happened sounds like
I'm making it up we get into the movie
and I look at my look at my watch and
I'm thinking wait a minute how long is a
movie I realized I didn't have
time for a movie because I was going to
do my evening periscope and we'd started
around 5:30 or something so like I've
watched so few movies that I'd somehow
lost the idea that you needed to like
allocate all this time to do nothing but
watch a movie I couldn't I couldn't I
couldn't justify it so we watch half of
it and then I went and did my periscope
now we plan to watch the other half but
I would say no more than 50% chance that
we'll ever find the time we'll still be
interested probably never watch the
other half so anyway so that's supported
friction but let me take that to the
point I wanted to make which is every
time I go on Twitter which is all day
long I get to feelings one is I get
these dopamine hits when people you
don't like to or retweet me so I'm
getting like dopamine yet dopamine hit
dopamine hit but I'm also getting
trolled continuously and that's like
anti dopamine anti dopamine now
sometimes I like I do enjoy the you know
the back and forth and the the wrestling
with the trolls so it's not that I don't
enjoy the fight but it's just sort of
always there troll troll friction
friction so Twitter's sort of this half
friction half dopamine situation but the
dopamine is so good that I'm completely
addicted and you know the big story
about social media is as designed for
addiction now I took that mindset over
to locals locals calm where I have some
extra content the the stuff that would
be a little more provocative or just
doesn't fit with this stuff so it's an
extension of what what you see with some
extra stuff and there are a number of
benefits over there the biggest benefit
I completely didn't see coming
which is that there are no trolls
because it's a subscription service so
nobody no troll is going to pay money
just to be part of a subscription to
give me a hard time so when I go over to
locals I'm like feels good feels good
dopamine hit dopamine hit dopamine hit
and then I'm waiting for the bad part
and it doesn't happen because there's
not a single troll on there so I got
like a thousand people who signed up who
just have good intentions and I thought
I didn't see that comin so here's the
the larger story if you're trying to
predict the future of any service
especially an online service you don't
want to look for just the utility
because the utility will tell you
something it's like oh yeah it has these
features it'll let you do this
oh it's it's cheaper it's faster those
will tell you a lot but if you really
want to know what's gonna happen you got
to look at the dopamine and I think I
think Dave Rubin has hit on a dopamine
gold mind because I didn't know you
could have only dopamine without trolls
until I experienced that I don't just
never occurred to be that that was an
option
so for from just the perspective of the
creators it's it's pretty addictive
already I'm spending as much time there
as I am on Twitter just because I like
the the dopamine alright let's talk
about Congress they is it ironic that
Congress is wearing masks now because
it's the one group of people who should
be ashamed to show their face to the
public and they're robbing us two good
reasons to wear masks I feel as though
after the coronavirus has passed that
Congress should just keep wearing masks
because if you're gonna rob us
and you should be ashamed to show your
face mask it up so the president tweeted
this I think it was this morning he says
we've done a great job on covert
response making all governor's look good
some fantastic
that's okay but the lamestream media
doesn't want to go with that narrative
and that do-nothing Dems talking point
is to say only bad things about Trump I
made everybody look good but me so I saw
that and you know it's a it's a sort of
classic trumpian tweet right I really
you know complaining that he's not being
given the credit that he deserves etc
and I thought to myself I'm gonna
fact-check that I mean it's an opinion
so you can't really fact check an
opinion but I'll add my opinion and so I
fact checked it as true here's what I
said I'll add to it so you could
complain about all the chaos right so
you see the critic saying there was
chaos chaos chaos do you think that
that's true but there was chaos in terms
of who does what and coordinating and I
would say of course of course that would
be true do it's a crisis if you don't
have chaos in the beginning of a crisis
well then I don't think you know what
crisis means it's not really a crisis if
you're all ready for it you know part of
being a crisis is that you're struggling
to get a response so is it a criticism
that this government or any other had
some chaos at the beginning of a crisis
and I would say that just seems so
normal
how would you hold that against anybody
if this were the Obama administration
and I'd heard they had chaos as they're
trying to figure it out I don't think
I'd hold that against them I wouldn't
hold it against anybody I just say chaos
is sort of what you're gonna get right
so I don't think that criticism holds
unless that chaos translated into a lack
of performance that we can observe so
what would be that lack of performance
so if your list all the things that the
president has criticized for well first
is that testing Fiasco there were some
test kits was it the CDC
they had invalid test kits and that set
us back a while but was that the
president's job do you think the
President on his list of things to do
was a just-in-case
I better make sure that the CDC test
kits for coronavirus are accurate of
course not of course not now of course
the boss has to take responsibility I'm
not arguing that but if we're being you
know rational about it and it's not like
the President had much to do with the
quality of the the test kits at the CDC
so yes that's a valid complaint about a
real thing but that doesn't really get
to the president's performance
what about closing of the the travel
from China a plus right you you know you
you'll get tired of hearing the
president brag about this but man that's
valid he is completely right that he
went against the grain against the
professionals and called it right that
there's probably I don't know if you
could find a finer example of like pure
leadership then when he closed the
airports early I don't know that he'll
ever get as much credit as he deserves
for that that was literally pure
leadership because even the experts said
no and he looked at the larger picture
the bigger risk management of it he said
yeah they're gonna call me a racist yes
this could turn out bad for me still
made the right call he made the right
call and he made it you know looking at
the right risk management I wasn't luck
he didn't get it right by luck it was
just the right call and then of course
he brags about the ventilators we all
have a question of whether the
ventilators are killing more people than
they're saving I think that's a good
question maybe it depends how you use
them etc but nonetheless it is true that
the federal government was tasked with
getting all this PPE and ventilators
together has
one person died because of the lack of
the ventilators no not one person has
died so in the context of an emergency
if you meet the objective get enough
ventilators I think that's just got to
be pass/fail because it's not like
anybody says well what was the best way
to do it it's an emergency you either
get the ventilators or you don't the
government got them it's pretty
impressive
very impressive the way they worked with
private industry etc now on the PPE what
can you do was there something that the
federal government could have done more
of could they have been more prepared
well here's where you get to the supply
chain problem which really I think
legitimately you could call the Obamas
mess that the Trump administration is
cleaning up using you know Kelly
mcenany's framing of cleaning up the
Obama mass which politically is really
good framing it is true that the nature
of the supply chain caused us to have
inability to get everything we wanted
domestically because you have to depend
on other countries so is that something
that the president is going to fix
probably probably you know I'm gonna I'm
gonna just leave I'm gonna block you for
saying that I have a crush on Kelly
that's that's just so inappropriate you
know here's the deal I'm gonna say good
things about males I'm gonna say good
things about females the moment I see
that all your love whether you love a OS
a he or whatever they're just exist
people who look different all over the
place some of them do good jobs some of
them don't do good jobs if I say
somebody did a good job it's not because
I want to them okay it's because
they did a good job so you're just gonna
block people for that comment I just
don't need any of that all right
do I seem prickly this morning
[Laughter]
do I seem quick to anger I think it's
taking a toll on all of us
alright so finishing up on my report
card for the president his summary of it
is that he makes the governor's look
good I feel like that's as true I feel
like that's as true as a statement as
you can make wouldn't you even if you're
hard on the president wouldn't you say
it's true that the federal government
met its objective of giving the states
what they need and and making the states
look good I think actually the I think
the president has a completely
legitimate claim that he is making the
governors look good so I'm going to say
you know I told you from the very
beginning I'm not going to be very
critical of any of the governor's to no
matter their party nor will I be very
critical of the federal government and
Trump as long as they're doing quickly
correcting things they get wrong because
the idea is that nobody knew was the
right thing to do
nobody knew who when to do it nobody
knew what to do it was really a lot of
guessing so in the context of a lot of
guessing and we're still guessing right
the states are doing their own thing
because they're sort of guessing in the
context of guessing the only way to
grade somebody is to see if they guess
wrong do they quickly correct and that's
the only standard I would put on this
and I would say that that the people who
are sort of testing that standard would
be for example some of the governors who
are banning going to the beach and some
of the things that seem more obviously
you know obviously not a problem so I
think they're they're sort of pushing
that but but even then it's sort of
minor and it's only a few weeks so I'm
not gonna I'm not going to worry too
much about going to the beach for a few
weeks if it turns out to be that sort of
thing so
fact-check the president true I believe
and I would say I would tell you I think
I would tell you if there was something
that he had totally screwed up on this
well I will tell you I would say that
the press conferences were inelegant and
in some ways he allowed the critics to
make more of them than they could
probably talked about himself too much
but it's an election season how big a
deal is that
I know seems normal so you know I've
criticized them on the communication
part but not on the performance on the
performance its solid and my opinion and
I would say the same about the
governor's both blue and red you know
Andrew Cuomo is getting a lot of heats
about returning returning the nursing
home patients which which may have
killed you know thousands right but and
that will be a really good edge case
because first of all I don't know that
the governor knew he was doing that so I
have some questions about what he knew I
also don't know what professionals had
advised him yeah Andrew Cuomo Governor
Cuomo so if it turned out that experts
told Cuomo yeah yeah you can send them
back
it'll be fine or if you didn't know it
was happening maybe he signed something
he just wasn't aware maybe he should
have been I got I don't know how much of
the that's the governor's fault I feel
like there were underlings who did some
things now of course she's like I said
before it doesn't matter if Andrew Cuomo
knew about it he's still the boss right
he still gets the blame he still gets
the credit even if he didn't know any of
it was happening that's just the way the
system works so I'm gonna be soft on
grading everybody who screws up because
I just don't think there were other
options on Tucker Carlson show last
night as part of a segment he showed an
old clip of Joe Biden next to a new clip
of Joe Biden
Wow have you seen that have you seen the
clips together look at Joe Biden 50 and
years ago he's totally on his game
yeah he's just totally in control
intellectually he looks completely there
and then and then you go to modern-day
when you see the contrast the contrast
tells you that he's lost something and
it should make you wonder how quickly
it's going which is the smart question
right but it's unambiguous if you see in
the early Clips like the contrast just
jumps out whereas just seeing a man of
context you could say to yourself I
don't know is it that different than it
used to be maybe he always used to you
know get words wrong not really not
really when you see his younger self
he's mentally quite quick and I would
you know use a lawyer right so you see
him talking in his younger self and you
say okay that's that's a hundred percent
there he may he may have had his other
issues when he was younger but it wasn't
mental clarity because that looks like
it's there today not so much now the
interesting thing is I don't know if the
Trump campaign would want to take
advantage of that contrast because
there's a trap there the obvious trap is
that somebody's going to take old Trump
videos where he also talked very
differently but here's the thing have
you ever seen that I've ever seen you
know young Trump videos recently and
compare it to current day Trump very
different right they very different but
here's the thing the old Trump style it
was a little more verbal a little more
urbane maybe a little more a little more
sophisticated shall we say but that
wouldn't work for politics so here's the
difference the Trump speaking style
evolved to a better one for politics he
simplified he repeats he just kept
everything simple he took the vocabulary
down and I find his speaking
I wrote a book about it I find his
current style of communicating super
effective I mean there's a reason that I
don't 95 percent of conservatives
approve of him you don't really get
approval from the other side of the
political world these days that's not an
option but if you could get 95 percent
of your own people to like you you're
pretty persuasive
so you'd have to say that Trump's
speaking style also we evolved but it
evolved in the opposite way Abidin Biden
started down strong and he's turned into
a raisin brain I just like to imagine a
raisin inside his skull because there's
not much there and but Trump has evolved
from more of an urbane you know kind of
a jetsetter playboy kind of a vibe which
no I could you can't get elected with
that
yeah there's no way he would have been
elected if he continued to communicate
the way he used to but now he's got this
this effective way he doesn't
simplifying etc it's very good so but
still they probably don't want to show
the contrast because it would show Trump
also simplifying his communication I've
got a question for you how long will it
be before we start lumping together the
various people who are in the at risk
for the coronavirus category so here are
the people that we know to be at risk
the senior citizens the obese diabetics
and african-americans in particular so
those are the the ones who are getting
hit the hardest
now you say men in general too but that
would ruin my ruin the thing I'm gonna
say next which is one of the benefits of
of lumping the LGBTQ community together
is that there were reasons to talk to
them as a as a group in terms of equal
rights and discrimination and stuff so
sometimes it's good to say all right
there are several distinct individual
types you know a lesbian is not a gay
man it's not a you know trans even the
but they have something in common
which is the way society treated them so
so lumping them together for political
purposes and other conversation was it
was a useful thing to do even though
nobody in the group is the same as
anybody else in the group likewise with
the people who are you know susceptible
to the coronavirus more susceptible if
you put them together in this order
seniors obese diabetic African America
is Fels soda s OD a soda so I'll just
put this out there for fun can we call
them the soda community now it's sort of
a double entendre maybe you're drinking
too much soda if you're diabetic maybe
too much soda but probably not if you're
diabetic them I imagine you stay away
from the soda but can we call them the
soda community so he says bad optics
well here's the thing
the the first go at this I had I was
using you know different words for the
same thing and I wasn't liking my
acronym so I finally got into soda and
well somebody's putting soda with two
A's I think you only need one a for
african-american right if you're
abbreviating it just one a I just look
at your comments yeah actually you're
right if I hadn't men the reason I
didn't is because it would be Sodom and
Saudi a.m. somebody said in the comments
but that actually was a literally my
thought when I decided to get rid of the
M alright so the trouble is I don't know
that we can have a process that doesn't
discriminate against these four classes
or four groups of people because these
are these are groups that can be
discriminated against right you there's
age discrimination there's you know
there's fat shaming discrimination
there's a health-related discrim
of course african-american
discrimination so the soda group is a
group that even if we were not talking
about the coronavirus they would be a
fairly let's say a group that knows
discrimination so somehow feels
important here's a weird thing that's
happening because the coronavirus and
let me ask you in the comments have any
of you found a way to make more money so
it'll take a while for the comments to
catch up but I'm very interested is
there anybody here or maybe you know
somebody who found a way to make more
money because the coronavirus because
I'm seeing this happening and and I
think the crisis sort of divided the
world into two parts
everything's divided into two parts
right there were the entrepreneurs who
got excited because everything was
shaken up and when you shake up
everything entrepreneurs go oh there's
something here for me you know somebody
shook the box there's gonna be an
opportunity here and then a bunch of
people went out and they they became
like PPE experts and brokers and their
people spun up factories people started
do jobs I'm looking at your comments now
so obviously most people made less money
so I understand that but look at the
number of yeses look at the comments but
if you can't see them if you listen to
this all I'll tell you that something
like 25 percent of them are saying that
they're making more money so they're
people have found these weird little
opportunities and this has happened to
me accidentally overall I'll be way down
because newspapers are going to go into
business that's my main income so my
main income is gonna get blown up this
year so yeah I may be looking for a new
job but seriously I might be looking for
a new job but several little weird
things got better
I had it I had a small investment in
this company called click and grow which
is very small investment and what they
do is these little tabletop vegetable
gardens you know that has its own little
light source and everything and it turns
out that as soon as you know people were
worried about food these things just
flew off the shelf so this little
obscure investment in a tabletop a
vegetable thing just went nuts because
it's gardening all the gardening stuff
went crazy didn't see that coming
the other thing that I hadn't been doing
is speaking engagements and I couldn't
do them partly because I'm a little bit
radioactive because I talk about
politics but also I didn't want to
travel I was just kind of done with
traveling for work you know airplane in
hotel etc but what happened with this
because of the shutdown now you're going
to see a lot more speaking that's going
to be done virtually so suddenly the
very thing I didn't want to do which is
plan a big trip and travel and hotel and
everything my entire speaking career may
have been accidentally revived by the
fact that nobody's going to travel for a
while and that may be normal to have you
know video stuff so didn't see that
coming and I just need to give you just
full disclosure yesterday I talked about
the news story that said Sorento
therapeutics claim that they have a cure
for corona virus a cure and I noted that
that was an outrageous claim for anybody
to make unless they believed that
because that's a big thing to say I mean
if you're wrong about cure you're really
wrong you're gonna pay for that right so
I thought to myself what are the odds
that the CEO is gonna say that unless he
believes it now it doesn't mean it's
true
right he could believe it and then the
tests show it doesn't work but I at
least thought the CEO believes it so I
bought some of the stock that morning
this is not what you'd call an
investment an investment is when you do
something smart buying any any company
that says they have a cure for the
carota virus during the middle of the
corona virus while there are lots of
companies making lots of claims picking
one of them and putting your actual
money into it is not an investment it's
gambling
it's just gambling so I gambled I made
seventy five thousand dollars and sold
it if you like a few hours later now I
know you hate me for that
I kind of hate myself for it because I
actually believe it or not I don't like
making money I didn't work for I just
sort of raised that way
you know if I work for it and get it I
love it if somebody buys my book and I
get somebody I love that well I don't
feel the same love if I just did some
weird financial thing that totally by
luck some money came spraying in my
direction now it to full disclosure and
you have to have this full disclosure
this is not the first time I've made a
bed of this type meaning using a stock
purchase as just a bet just a gamble
this is the first time it's ever worked
I have on a number of occasions not not
related to coronavirus but in my past
there have been a number of occasions
when I said to myself you know I think
if I just gamble on this I've got a good
feeling about this that I gamble and I
just lose my money now I've not lost
massive amounts of money gambling
because I would never gamble a massive
amount of money I would gamble something
I could afford to lose and in almost
every other case I lost it so the reason
I'm telling you that this was the
exception is because the last thing I'd
want you to hear is that you can get
into the stock market and do what I did
yesterday you can't do that all right
you can do it one out of ten
and that's what I did this just happened
to be the wild so if I only tell you
about the one keep in mind the other
nine times that didn't work at all that
did not work at all so don't be like me
but I got lucky yesterday I continued to
see stories in which hydroxychloroquine
is evaluated without zinc and we all
have been educated at the point that we
know the zinc is the magic ingredient
and the hydroxyl chloroquine allegedly
is more about the delivery of it to your
body so I feel as if we're getting gas
elated I hate to use that that's the
wrong term I won't use that erase that I
feel like the press is just possibly
possibly I hate I hate to talk in
conspiratorial tones but it feels like
just because Trump likes the side rocks
of chloroquine that is forced the press
to not like it and it's forced them to
emphasize the trials that don't even use
the zinc and you and I don't even think
that's worth testing right I mean at
this point if you saw another test going
on for just hydroxychloroquine you
wouldn't care because you already know
it it's useless I mean there's been
enough that you would say you would you
would assume that the test of just that
one drug wouldn't tell you anything but
if they test it with a zinc mm-hmm now
I'm interested and if they test it with
the zinc and they give it to you early
which apparently is not what was
happening they were giving it to people
who were already too late
well you give it to me early and you
test it with zinc and you do a
controlled test
shouldn't I have a result in two weeks
right well you know during an emergency
don't you know if if the virus has been
cleared in two weeks I feel like I feel
like it would be the shortest trial and
the fact that we don't have a definitive
answer on that is certainly worrisome
here's a question just a mess with your
entire understanding of reality
a lot of different countries doing a lot
of different things are they getting
different results can't tell right so
you've got how many countries are there
doing that are involved with the
coronavirus so is it over a hundred I
don't I don't know what the numbers are
but lots and lots of countries doing
lots of different things and they're all
sort of getting the same result and to
the extent that they're different
because there are differences there are
so many confounding variables that you
can't tell if leadership is an active
variable think about it
if I told you that leadership mattered
how can I possibly prove that because I
would look at the world and say alright
leadership matters let's go find the
good leaders and see how much better
they did on this coronavirus I'll bet
there's no correlation I'll bet if you
had before the coronavirus if you've
done the Hodder know if you could even
do this some kind of a objective poll to
find out who are the best leaders and
then the coronavirus happens to say okay
now we've seen how people are doing
let's let's compare how they did with
who we knew were the good leaders and
see if the good leaders got better
results I'll bet you you're not going to
find it now that would be a surprising
result right but it feels like whatever
the big variables are it doesn't feel
like it's leadership it feels like it's
something else now there are clearly
things you know like closing travel you
know there are things that are clearly
the leadership but yet we're not getting
much different results what's up with
that here's the weirdest little story of
the day so apparently you know the
Constitution requires that Congress meet
in person yeah but it's a coronavirus so
how can they do their job if they have
to meet in person on day one when I
heard that that was a problem that they
have to vote in person I said
how about we just don't do that what if
we just act like the Constitution
doesn't exist and just do what makes
sense because do you think the founders
of the Constitution if you could you
know dig them up and revive them and
bring them to the future and say okay
Ben Franklin
you know Jefferson we've got a situation
here you wrote in the Constitution
you've got a meet in person but that
what you didn't know about the Internet
so that's cool you know you guys are
smart I know that would be a lot to ask
you didn't know about the internet but
do you think you'd be okay just for a
few weeks
guys you know you wrote this
Constitution would it be okay for just a
few weeks that we just do proxy voting
so somebody will call it in what we'll
record who it was and what the vote so
we will know who voted for what and
we'll just have somebody physically do
the vote who's standing there you think
you think that would be okay well I'm
pretty sure the founders would have been
okay with it
so he's saying no you're ridiculous the
founders would have been okay with it
now they might have said oh let's do a
quick you know quick change to it or
something and maybe they'd have
something to add to it but there's no
way they would have seriously people are
disagreeing with us what why would you
disagree with that no too risky oh oh I
get it okay I understand the the no to
risky part is what I'm going to talk
about okay so I understand your
objections now the the no is because you
don't want bad behavior to happen the
know is so you don't want the person
who's the proxy person to be controlling
everything it's like it's like
delegating your vote to one person right
that's the problem okay I think you're
all your all misunderstanding what it is
I believe
let's fact check this today okay
somebody says you're on you're a
thousand percent wrong a hundred
thousand percent wrong fact check the
assumptions right if my assumptions are
correct then my interpretation is
correct if your assumptions are correct
then I will agree with you that your
interpretation that it's a bad idea is
also correct can we agree on that
can we agree that whoever got the right
assumption and I'll tell you what the
assumption is is probably the one who
also got the right answer alright so
let's just talk about the assumption
let's not talk about the disagreement
yet the assumption is here's my
assumption that everyone who votes will
have to record who they are and what
they're voting for so that will have a
record of every person's vote as long as
I have a record of every person's vote
whether or not Nancy Pelosi or whoever
the proxy is you know overruled it or
something well it would be obvious as
long as I know who voted I'm fine now is
your assumption that the record of who
voted for what will be lost because that
would be a ridiculous assumption but so
which assumption are you going on so for
the people who who say it's a bad idea
or you all assuming that you won't know
who voted for what because that would be
crazy it would be crazy to assume that
we wouldn't know who voted for what no
that's not going to happen and by the
way by the way if it turns out I'm wrong
and and the real and really that proxy
voting actually meant giving your vote
to Nancy Pelosi if it turns out that
that's what they're suggesting of course
I'm not in favor of that of course not
that would just be a violation of the
Constitution so of course I wouldn't be
in favor of that but as long as
everybody's recording their vote and
they can communicate with anybody
electronically that they want you have
full transparency there's nothing we
need but transparency everything else is
optional
give me transparency I'm a happy citizen
take it away
I'm not somebody says it's subject to
manipulation but nobody can explain how
that could possibly happen if you can
then I will change my opinion in other
words if somebody can give me an
argument about why
full transparency makes you subject to
manipulation I would entertain that I
don't I don't see what that I don't see
how somebody says vote changing not a
risk because every every vote will be
recorded who voted for it now now I
believe that this is one of those
situations where you have lined up on
political sides and you don't have a
reason and I'm gonna read your comments
to make my point that you have an
opinion with that a reason I'll just
read lobbyists and left-wing
organizations would write bills for
Pelosi irrelevant to the voting question
fear of general voting by mail is
something else
crazy things happen that's not a reason
they have more to do than vote that's
not a reason
what would the slippery slope look like
that's not a reason if it someone could
hold a gun to the voters head that's not
real that's not a reason are you setting
precedent for ignoring parts of the
Constitution that's not a reason it's an
emergency
the world needs transparency this is
more transparency aren't lost records
did you hear about the uncle bring them
in person to Congress that's a bad idea
we have electronic ways proxy equals
give your vote to Nancy that is an
incorrect assumption Oh No
proxy does mean give your vote to Nancy
it does not mean that nobody knows what
your vote was so maybe that's where
you're getting confused
so proxy is unfortunately it's a murky
word what it means is that you tell
Nancy to vote your vote right but they
still know what your vote is a regular
proxy vote let's say Board of Directors
you that proxy you say you vote on my
behalf
that's not what's happening nobody's
asking Nancy to vote on their behalf
with her opinion replacing their own
they're asking her to cast their vote
specifically by vote I'm gonna write it
down I voted for this you better cast
the vote the way I wrote it down
because I'm gonna check no risk debating
bills so people are saying that they
should be there in person to debate
bills well you don't think you can
debate in other ways I mean electronic
means is fine for that yeah well it
looks like I've maybe beaten you down
because the objectors seem to have
disappeared
so Kevin McCarthy GOP leader California
guy now I like I like Kevin McCarthy so
generally speaking have all positive
opinions of him but he had the weakest
argument on this and here it is two
points he said Democrats can stay home
for the rest of year but still get paid
so he he doesn't like the fact that
Democrats would be working from home
just a terrible argument yeah we're in a
country in which the government is
literally asking the citizens to work
from home if they can and the government
is not saying if you work from home but
and you're still working you shouldn't
get paid why would Congress not get paid
if they work for a home like everybody
else like you know I want to I want to
be on the same side as Kevin McCarthy
because I think he's you know good guy
and a good politician I want to be on
this side but this is just this is a
week this is just the weakest point that
you shouldn't get home if you're working
you should get paid for working from
home when we're all being asked to work
from home that's just the so weak here's
the second point Democrats can hand
their power over to someone else Pelosi
so she can vote multiple times
that's just a mischaracterization of
what it is she's not voting multiple
times she's voting your vote because you
couldn't be there that's completely
different that's not even in the same
ballpark she's just she's just standing
there with like her finger you know and
the call comes in I don't know if it's a
phone call hey this is a congressman Bob
vote yes and then Nancy's finger goes
down
yes for Congress wouldn't Bob that's all
this happening and and McCarthy is
giving a speech railing against it now
if he had said what you had said well
you know maybe they can debate better
more efficiently in person I'd say well
that's an argument at least but it's not
much of one because people do business
online there's a thing called you know
video conferencing so I'm just I'm just
blown away about how we can find
absolutely freaking anything to complain
about if the other team is in favor of
it obviously we should have proxy voting
during a crisis this is the most
cut-and-dried obviously smart a thing to
do with anybody who's debating this just
doesn't maybe doesn't understand what it
is there's no way you would disagree
with it if you also knew what it was
you'd have to you'd have to be confused
about it to disagree with it alright
that's enough of that
so apparently Trump fired another IG the
Steve linic guy he was an Obama
appointee who briefed Congress on Biden
Ukraine ties at one point so my only
comment on all these personnel things
where somebody gets fired you know of
course the left will say well you fired
him because he was finding bad problems
and you would have been a whistleblower
not a whistleblower because it was his
job to do it
and of course the Trump administration
will say he was a bad player for
whatever reason but here's the thing in
this and every other personnel question
the one thing you can know for sure is
that you don't know the story and this
would apply whether it's politics and
whether it's somebody Trump is firing or
just somebody from your company somebody
leaves a company you're going to get two
different stories every time most of
them so you've got to get the employers
version which is yeah at the I had to
fire Bob Bob was not performing and then
you're going to get the employees
version who got fired it's like yeah my
my boss is a tyrant he was sexually
harassing me you know I mean it's gonna
be a completely different story
so when I see news coverage about a guy
who got fired I put it in in that bucket
with we don't know anything so
everything you should conclude about any
one person who gets fired from any
administration it's not a Trump thing
but from any administration person gets
fired you should immediately say to
yourself okay here's what I know about
that situation nothing nothing I don't
know anything about that situation
because I haven't heard both sides if
you haven't seen both sides you don't
know anything so should you be concerned
if somebody who was you know digging for
dirt on I guess Pompeii or something
should you be concerned if somebody like
that gets fired yeah yeah I mean it's
worth the question you know if anybody
is saying should we look into it or see
if this is like a good firing or a bad
firing it's worth looking at you know I
would say that transparency requires
that we know why it happened but you're
probably never gonna know why but it is
a good red flag all right so those were
the main things that I decided to talk
about today so there's a rule there's
somebody saying that the rules for the
proxy vote are there let me put it this
way
if you've lived in the real world for a
while you don't need to go look at what
the proxy vote tells you because there
really isn't much chance that they would
have ever even considered a process
where you don't know who voted for what
right I refused to go do research on
that question I refused to research it
because I'm pretty sure that the most
basic part of voting which is who voted
for what is maintained in this proxy
system I'm pretty sure you can fact
check beyond that but I'd put a pretty
big bet on that
if I watched bannon's war room
I did watch it the other day and I have
to say it was really well done very well
done body language in person could be a
key element to persuasion on the House
floor well but you don't want it to be
if you could reduce the effect of
irrational influence such as the effect
of somebody's body language or their
charisma I don't see what's wrong with
that I'd rather they make decisions
based on the facts and not be influenced
by body language all right do you ever
talk about your failed predictions I do
I do quite often yeah I'll give you one
right now you know but of course
whenever you fail the prediction you
like to put in the qualifiers there so
my initial thoughts about the shutdown
was that it wouldn't have any economic
effect much and that was based on the
fact that they shut down it wouldn't be
that long you know when when when we
first heard about it I thought oh it
could be two weeks but you know they
probably told us two weeks but really
it's going to be four weeks and then
when it would turn it into four weeks I
thought okay that's about what I thought
but still four weeks
we could have absorbed a four-week
shutdown pretty well we want to just
snap back but the longer it goes the
more in question and and the the weaker
the recovery you would expect so my
initial prediction of ah we're going to
snap back from this don't get worried
was wrong based on being completely
wrong about how long we would be
shutdown now I did not have a specific
prediction of how long we would be
shutdown but I also didn't see it coming
as long as it is like I thought it would
be extended that part that part's just
normal business everything gets extended
but I didn't think we'd be talking about
the summer it's
that part I would say blindsided me
other predictions that I've gotten wrong
well maybe you can tell me about people
in the comments tell me which oh there's
one that I might get wrong which is I
still have my bet on Kamala Harris being
the de facto nominee by being the vice
presidential nominee and then
effectively being the top a person so I
was wrong that she would get the
nomination outright so that the calmly
harris prediction is wrong on the
technicality I think getting it out
right but in a weird simulation world
way is kids still turn out to be right
you know in a different way than I had
predicted it originally but I did change
my prediction to the modified she'll get
in the other way but you but I have to
take the the incorrect prediction for
the you know getting the top spot from
the beginning other predictions I got
wrong maybe you can tell me you were
wrong on warrens chances was I because I
didn't think she would win and she
didn't how was I wrong I don't know what
that was available you yeah I did I
wrote a book on my wrong predictions
right so so when you watch this you get
a little flavor of what it's like to be
a celebrity so literally behind me on
that shelf is a book that has an entire
chapter in it actually there are two of
them that at least one of them one of
them has a chapter in it that just lists
all my wrong predictions I literally
wrote a published book with a chapter of
my wrong predictions and what is one of
the biggest criticisms I get that I
never say I'm wrong right one of the
biggest criticisms is I don't admit with
my wrong predictions and I've literally
published them I talk about them all the
time and still it sort of comes with
being a you know in the public eye is it
doesn't matter what you do if people
have it in their mind that you do the
other thing
matter that's not true it's just what
people believe my net deaths prediction
oh there's a good room now we still
don't know the the final outcome but
let's let's talk about that so my net
deaths prediction was that we would get
it down to 5,000 net in other words that
we would so many people's lives would be
saved by not driving and you know not
doing extreme sports and stuff then it
would almost entirely compensate for the
number of people who died from the
coronavirus what's interesting is that
we don't know how to count this stuff
and that prediction also depended on the
length of the the shutdown being limited
so the the prediction that we could come
out ahead at least in terms of number of
people would who died or at least get
closer to breaking would not come out
ahead was based on the length of time
that we're shut down so the longer you
go the worse it is of course and and we
don't know exactly when stuff was going
to end at this point so I would say that
if we had stayed if we had stayed closed
and closed for one month I think that my
prediction of net deaths being about
5,000 would have been pretty darn good I
think it would have been the best
prediction in the country at two months
it still could be the closest prediction
in the country because the other
predictions are you know hundreds of
thousands of deaths if it turns out it's
you know fifty or sixty thousand net I'm
still going to have the closest
prediction in the country even though
I'm way off so I'm not even sure I would
call mine accurate I probably wouldn't
wouldn't call it accurate if I said five
thousand and it turned out to be sixty
thousand but if the next best gas was a
few hundred thousand you know at least I
missed it by the same amount as other
people now the other thing that we found
out is that the number of regular flu
deaths is just made up we've been
comparing the coronavirus to regular flu
and like how that regular flu is
anywhere from 20 to 80,000 a year and it
turns out nobody even counts it nobody
counts the regular flu deaths you know
we have these numbers every year but
it's not based on counting it's based on
some kind of algorithm where they think
well probably about this much that's it
it's an algorithm they don't actually
count them the number and when somebody
looked into this recently a doctor his
estimate was that if you did count them
you might get a number more like in a
few thousand does that make sense to you
do you believe that if you counted the
regular death flus the regular flu
deaths do you think that it would only
be a few thousand I do you know why
because I don't know anybody who's ever
died from the regular flu if do you
think the 50,000 a year could die from
one cause a regular flu and you wouldn't
see it all the time you know people who
died from overdoses you know D people
who died from AIDS you know D people who
died in car crashes you know people who
died of alcoholism you know people who
died of every cause that's in that range
you know of that many deaths but you
don't know anybody who died of the flu
it was all made up the this whole time
we were we were comparing these you know
60,000 coronavirus deaths a you know and
climbing now it's over 85 or whatever it
is now and we kept saying well that's
not that much more than regular flu
deaths and there were never regular flu
deaths the the most basic piece of data
that we used to drive all of our
decisions and thinking about this was
completely made-up
and it wasn't made-up even in an
accurate way in other words it could be
a made-up number that was also somewhat
accurate you know but it wasn't it was
simply not true or even close
so yeah it's not like they know how many
people get the flu and they certainly
don't know how many people died from it
all right it's pneumonia not flu well
you can shade it that way but the point
is we don't count flu deaths and we
don't know how many died from it that
the scariest thing at the flu vaccine I
think it is yes I think the reason that
we keeps the flu deaths high is almost
certainly this is just my assumption
based on living in the real world my
assumption is it has everything to do
with giving people the incentive to get
this shot so there you are all right
that's all for today and I will talk to
you tonight you know what