something boom hello everybody is it a
good day yeah one of the best we'll be
talking about that a little bit but I
know the best part of your day is a
little thing called the simultaneous it
now if you'd like to enjoy the
simultaneous hip and this is the
official one this is not the I'm on the
road version this is I'm in my home
office version and you can enjoy the
simultaneous sip and all of its goodness
connecting you to all the zippers all
over the world and after we do that I'm
gonna bring on a special guest but
before that do you have anywhere near
you in your general area one of these
things because you're given eat it all
you need is a cup or a mug or a glasses
snifter stein chalice tank your thermos
flask canteen Grail goblet a vessel of
any kind and you fill it with your
favorite liquid your favorite liquid
yeah don't don't pick your second
favorite liquid for the simultaneous sip
and get ready for the dopamine the end
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous sip go o feel it
flowing through your Corp bustles that's
a word right corpuscle
all right boo hold on boo there we go
better lighting sorry about that boo she
likes that light all right
this morning I'd like to kick it off
with something I have never done I've
never done on this periscope I'm gonna
bring on a guest a special guest let's
make sure that he's ready I'm gonna
click them on and then tell you what
we're up to in mere moments we will be
joined by Clint Morgan who is gonna make
an announcement Clint can you hear me I
can hear you Scott can you hear me I can
hear you perfectly
ladies and gentlemen allow me to
introduce Clint Morgan Clint tell us who
you are and what you're announcing today
uh yeah so I am a prosecutor in Harris
County I'm a Republican and I'm
announcing that I'm running for Congress
in the Texas is 22nd district yay it's
my first political running for office
and it's been on coffee with Scott Adams
who are you running against anybody we
know uh right now it's an open seat our
current congressman Pete Olsson is
retiring and so it's a wild and wooly
primary on the Republican side we've got
probably about a dozen candidates by the
time it's said and done what's what's
the name of your website I just saw it's
up I Club for Texas or Claire Morgan for
texture I'm sorry Clint for Texas com
can you tell I'm new at this
yes Clint for Texas comm so you can go
there if you want to see more about
Clint now give us give us just a quick
rundown of your policy preferences where
are you on nuclear power
I am very Pro nuclear power Scott that
is the most sensible solution to a lot
of problems we've got going on right now
and I really think if a lot of the
environmentalists were more serious
about global warming they would be on
board with nuclear power
good answer and where are you on health
care what's I know that's a complicated
one but give us just the high level what
do you think we should do with health
care you know generally speaking we need
to move towards a more transparent
system like our president has proposed
on a lot of times we need to ensure that
people can have policies that match
their needs and we need to ensure that
people know the prices when they go in
and they try to do I try to get health
care taken care of you know it's what
sort of system is it where you go in and
you don't you don't know what the price
of anything right you know I'm gonna
good actually maybe I'll bust this out
now but I've got an idea that would
combine that transparency with getting
everybody covered do you think it's
important to get everybody covered what
how do you feel about that you know I I
don't think that's as important as it we
need everybody just have an option to
have an affordable health care plan and
what about what about what about people
who even if it's affordable they still
can't afford it would we leave anybody
behind in in the just purely capitalist
system here yeah you know I think
ultimately if people are gonna have be
making decisions I think we oughtta so
we add I have policies that allow them
to get a low premium high deductible
coverage in case of catastrophes but
ultimately this is not for a lot of
people I mean for instance should
extremely wealthy people be required to
buy health insurance at Donald Trump be
required to buy health insurance yes the
requirement part is certainly something
that people push back on all right um
how about border security I'm gonna
guess your first Ron border security am
i right you're you're exactly right
Scott I'm with our president on this all
the way you know and I I really have
liked watching how you've documented
that he started off with the very big
build the wall sale and he's really
moved along to I think what most people
in America and certainly most people in
my district are looking for which is
reasonable borders
curity to keep a criminal element out to
reduce drug trafficking and what do you
think we should do with the cartels
military action or not if Mexico had led
us yes but I not sure they will so we've
got to put pressure on them for that and
how about China's fentanyl business
would you do a trade deal with China
before you knew that they'd at least put
their top fentanyl dealer in jail that
is a very good starting point for them
Scott if they're going to show us that
they're getting serious about being a
fair trader with America and about
keeping Americans safe from their drug
dealers I think that is a very important
starting point for them yeah what do you
say starting for you probably where I am
which is you have to give us that first
or we're not going to do the rest of the
stuff but that's just got to be the
ticket to the show now I've got lots to
talk about on this impeachment stuff and
so my audience is clamoring for this but
we love that you came on and did this on
coffee with Scott Adams now I assume
you've you've watched my periscopes uh
yeah you know I don't watch every day
but I watch when I can I listen to you
in the car on the way to the office for
half an hour so I love the stuff you do
and you're you're a big part of what has
gotten me back into politics over the
last few years well that's a pretty
strong start if you're a if you're
studying persuasion on this periscope or
you've seen any of my books you're
you're off to a strong start
give me just in closing give me your
impression of the impeachment sham so
far I'm leading the witness tell us
about the sham yeah yeah I you know
Scott if I use a word for it I'd say
it's a shame I I've been trying to pay
some attention to this and I think I'm a
reasonably intelligent person and I a
lawyer I pay attention to things and I
don't know we've got fourth hand
telephone information about it somebody
thinking that somebody was they doing
and and that's just not much there
that's a peculiar basis to impeach a
president all right you know it's funny
it must be tough to be an actual you
know trained lawyer and watch this stuff
and you you know I I know from at least
whether the lawyer who's watching it
don't you want to yell up you know I
object because they're leading the
witness they're imagining things as
hearsay are you watching this thing is
just like I object I object right I mean
the normal rules don't apply here so you
got a grasp that I think of this is you
know I'm a lawyer and sometimes I'll
watch an episode of Law & Order and none
of that makes any sense from a legal
perspective but I just like to imagine
that New York's a different universe
where they have different right alright
and that's exactly what's going on here
and none of this is legal in any sense
of the term this is just a different
universe with different rules and well
it's producing not the predictable
results that we expect from a legal
proceeding right all right Clint thank
you so much for coming on here we're
gonna get on with the rest of this and
congratulations that getting in and best
of luck thanks a lot Scott I figure
let's talk about let's talk about the
champion you know I watched some of it I
was traveling yesterday coming back from
my la tour for loozer think which is
where do you think loser think is is on
the bestseller list number five number
five on the the list that this book is
on is on the New York Times self-help
list which is actually the very best
place to be I'll talk about that later
but it's a very good day for me so no I
just found out that the next time it's
published it'll be number five best
seller on the list that matters the most
to this book thank you
quite happy about it alright so I was
sort of paying attention a little bit
that while I was traveling you know my
Wi-Fi and my signal kept
cutting out so I didn't catch every
minute of the she an impeachment but I
thought I'd catch up by looking at CNN's
website this morning just before and I
thought to myself I wonder if it was bad
for the president and I read the CNN
report and it's like wow it's really bad
for the president listen listen to some
of the things from CNN right so brian
Stelter was talking about how how it was
a damning picture well this is all from
CNN from various various sources
dramatic new disclosures on day one of
the hearings painted an incriminating
picture of Donald Trump as a president
instinctively willing to sacrifice
America's interests for his own
Wow and I'm thinking that sounds pretty
bad so I'm reading on some more from
CNN's website if quote if this is not
impeachable conduct what is my god
that's a quote from Adam Schiff arguing
that the Republic's values and the
concept of an accountable presidency
were at stake for future generations I
thought this was just going to affect us
but it turns out the Sham Pietra stuff
meaning the president's bad behavior
it's gonna it's going to affect future
generations did you know that how bad it
was I thought it was only gonna ruin my
generation and your generation but
future generations are gonna be ruined
by this this is far worse than I thought
then we also heard on CNN's website that
Taylor and his colleague George Kent who
is this is the official title of George
Kent he's the blah blah blah of the blah
blah blah
that's his official title he they also
provided testimony to back up the theory
that Trump demanded political dirt on
Biden oh my god he didn't he demanded
political dirt on Biden I can't wait to
see the quote in which
Taylor and Kent said that Trump was
looking for a political Dirk's so they
must have used that phrase in a
political world ruled by facts blah blah
Trump's position immeasurably worsened
over an intense day of testimony my god
future generations are going to be
destroyed and the president's position
immeasurably worsened this is much worse
than I thought
I you know when I when I was clicking on
and watching
I didn't apparently I didn't see all the
bad parts this was filled with the bad
parts all right here's some more this
gets much worse at the outset of the
hearings there is no sign yet of a
collapse and Trump's Republican support
are you kidding me how could the
Republicans now fold after seeing that
first day of testimony don't they know
that Trump's position immeasurably
worsened how could the Republicans still
be supporting this monster knowing the
future generations are a stake future
generations don't we care about them the
children Greta Greta Thornburg what
about her she doesn't have a chance if
any of this stuff is true which we know
it is because it's being reported but I
haven't even got to the worst part
Oh Oh CNN's explaining why why so many
Republicans aren't getting it it says if
you are watching the hearing through the
lens of a right-wing media well there's
the problem somebody's looking at this
through the lens of the right-wing media
unless lots of people importantly if you
did that looking through that lens you
probably didn't see a case against the
president being built you could be
blinded by looking through the wrong
lens you probably walked away thinking
the Democrats case collapsed which would
be ridiculous who'd be ridiculous
oh that's ridiculous
so it turns out that it comes down to
this
Taylor testified that it is aid told him
a phone conversation Trump had with
ambassadors Englund on July 26 sorry let
me get back to it this exciting
testimony one day after Trump's phone
call with ukrainian President a lot of
being burrows Alinsky Taylor's aide this
is getting serious
this isn't aide who has accompanying
Soglin to meetings so there's a guy who
accompanied sunland in Kiev with
Ukrainian officials he could hear Trump
asking sunland so in other words
somebody was nearby enough that they
could hear song was part of the
conversation because he was in the room
but Trump was on the phone and I guess
Trump was screaming into the phone so so
loudly that you could hear it and
elsewhere in the room and Taylor
testified all right so so Sunland quote
told President Trump that the Ukrainians
who were ready to move forward Taylor
said
wha missing the bombshell Wow okay here
it is House Intelligence Chairman Adam
chef a California Democrat by the way if
you didn't know that ask Taylor if
sundaland statement meant that Trump
cared more about the investigations than
he does about Ukraine
yes sir Taylor responded so this is way
worse than I thought
I thought Adam Chef was like a regular
human with normal powers but according
to CNN's reporting both he and this
Taylor guy they have some powers we
don't have they can actually tell how
much somebody cares about something
without actually asking now somebody
asked me on on Twitter
Paulie guy at bol i underscore guy you
saw that and he asked this question how
do you measure how do you measure caring
is that by weight or by volume and
that's a good question the way you can
tell how much somebody cares if they
don't tell you explicitly you don't need
to be told you don't need to wait for
somebody to say I like this more than
that that's that's sort of a looser way
to do it instead if you've got somebody
like an Adam Schiff or this guy Taylor
they can read directly into the minds of
the people they can see the caring and
they can see oh one is definitely bigger
than the other yeah I could see the
caring and so they actually have what's
happening what's happening right now
somebody's in my mind I feel my thoughts
being read it's Adam chef he knows I was
talking about him oh god he's in there
he's that he's got my passwords
he's got all my passwords oh forgot my
secrets
he has my secrets now Oh knows what I
care about oh I'm so dead
I'm gonna get impeach to Adam Schiff get
out of my head get out of my head Adam
chef he's out all right I think I'm I'm
good now Adam Schiff was in my head with
his mind-reading skills by the way
distance is no impediment
so Adam Schiff I got out of there
somebody else somebody else there's
another it's Taylor Taylor's in there
now Taylor get out get out no that's not
true okay it is true that memory can you
just don't take that he took the fifth
grade I'd no longer remember I no longer
remember the fifth grade it's gone
Taylor got it so shift gets in there he
gets all my passwords Taylor goes in
there takes the fifth grade people these
people are stronger than you think they
have powers they can reach through time
and space and tell what you care the
most about much worse than I thought and
this is how wrong I was
let me tell you how wrong I was about
where this impeachment is going I
happened to catch just a little tidbit
early on in which Kent who is official
whose official title is as you know he's
the blah blah blah of the blah blah blah
to the blah blah blah and that's a
pretty official title he said that in
his opinion verismo was corrupt and they
needed to be investigated and how dumb
am i I thought to myself well that's
sort of the end of the the whole Sham
patient this is how dumb I was I thought
well if an official person in the
government who's neither Pro nor
anti-trump he's close to burr yzma and
he says they should be investigated
for corruption well it would seem to me
that the President of the United States
asking for that especially the
connection of the Biden's would be
exactly what the citizens of the United
States would want to happen because we
wouldn't want the candidate who's
polling at the top Biden to even be
running for office if there's something
that's gonna take him out I mean I'm
sure the Democrats wouldn't want to have
a candidate who could be completely
taken out of the race should he get the
nomination because something in Ukraine
happened wouldn't you want to know when
you want to kind of find out pretty
quickly there's something happening over
there so in my simple way of looking at
the world I thought oh as long as the
president is doing what the citizens
want and it's one of our top priorities
I can't imagine a higher priority than
knowing if the person who's polling at
the top of the polls to be the next
president knowing if Ukraine owns him
because they've got something on his son
for example do you think they have
anything on hunter Biden let me ask you
this what are the odds that burr yzma or
somebody in Ukraine has some dirt on
hunter Biden any chance of that I mean I
don't know that they would and I don't
know the hunter Biden did anything wrong
because you have to ask yourself is
hunter Biden the kind of person based on
what little we know about him you see
the kind of person who is likely to do
something over in Ukraine that maybe
would reflect poorly on him
or his father I don't know what the odds
of that are but it seemed to me they're
asking those questions the president
asks you those questions that that
should be the end of the story had the
president been asking for an
investigation into Biden's and ambarisa
had he asked about that and the people
who are experts on briefs and said what
are you talking about Maurice
was totally clean why there's no reason
to look into that well I'd say to myself
there must be ulterior motives but it
doesn't really matter what the president
was thinking it doesn't matter what he
cares it turns out that you can't
measure how much somebody cares about
something they kind of have to tell you
you can't really look into their brains
and see that and then apparently there's
also the Ukrainians Foreign Minister
whose name is Adam fish tank o priest
Inc Oh baby fish tank Oh shall we say
and if you're saying it at home you
should because it's fun
say it with me fresh tank o fresh tinkle
anyway he said on Thursday that US
Ambassador Gordon Sunland did not
explicitly link military aid to Kiev but
with opening an investigation so I'm not
positive because I don't have all my
names and people straight on this story
but I think that's debunking the aide
who overheard the phone call are those
the same I think there was at the same
point but I'm not totally sure in any
event it doesn't matter does it matter
what the president's internal caring
that level was would it matter would it
matter in any way if the president cared
more about getting elected than he cared
about the Ukrainian people or they he
cared about getting the information to
the American public no doesn't make any
difference at all it doesn't matter
our system is designed so if our
president does as long as he's doing
what the public wants it doesn't matter
what he is internally caring about we
don't judge people by their internal
thoughts you judge by what they're doing
what did he do you ask some questions
that the American public wanted answers
to impeach him now in this not in a
million years now the funniest thing
about a CNN's coverage and by the way if
you're not switching back in four
you're missing the best part of the show
you've got to check the Fox News then
you then CNN and go back and forth
because they are really reporting to
different worlds and CNN is reporting on
how Fox News is reporting it and vice
versa and CNN's reporting about why Fox
News all the hosts seem so confident so
they're acting confused about why
everybody on CNN says there's nothing
here and nothing to worry about and
nobody's even a little bit worried and
they just say it's boring and stupid in
an irrelevant and brian Stelter is
trying to work out the reason that
everybody on a seat on fox news says
it's just a bunch of bull and there's
nothing there that there's nothing to
worry about and it's a waste of time why
would they do that what possible reason
would Fox News have to say that there's
nothing there well I can think of one
reason there's nothing there that's one
reason but brian Stelter z' has
speculation about why Fox News is
treating it that way as they're trying
to hypnotize basically trying to
convince their viewers that there's
nothing there so see you the trek the
trick is according to brian Stelter CNN
Fox News is running a big ol con in
which they're all pretending to not see
all the impeachable stuff so in other
words everybody everybody on Fox News
doesn't see anything impeachable because
they're pretending so that their viewers
won't know that there's you know all
this impeachable stuff and when i say
all this impeachable stuff i'm talking
about the aide who overheard something
which has been debunked which led
somebody else who didn't hear it to
think that the president has more caring
for one thing than another in his hidden
thoughts
how can FoxNews not see that it's as
clear as day let me say it again can you
believe that Fox News hosts are not
picking up on this it's just so it's
right in front of us there was an aide
that we don't care about who overheard a
phone call conversation that has already
been debunked by the person who was on
the phone call
on the other end who told somebody
something that made them think that the
president cared more about one thing
than the other in his hidden thoughts
that's it how could Fox News not see it
clear as the nose on their faces is what
I'm saying and by the way the way you
measure how much people care about
things it's by tears teardrops number
teardrops all right I had a funny tweet
that for some reason I didn't print out
but it was hilarious trust me all right
well I don't have that so as many of you
been watching the show is Abeka today is
it is there more of it today I just
don't know so here's what I think I
don't think there's even the slightest
tiny little chance that the president
could be impeached based on anything
we've heard so far and based on anything
we would expect here because I don't
know that I really don't know that you
know we've we've I don't think we're
gonna hear anything new so on a couple
other topics did you see representative
Gosar tweets if you miss this it's one
of the funniest things so representative
Gosar was tweeting events as they happen
from the impeachment trial so we had a
long series of two
but here's the fun part somebody noticed
or found out or somehow they understood
that if you looked at the first letter
of each tweet in order the first letter
of each of his goes ours tweets spelled
out
Epstein didn't kill himself yeah I gotta
say that was the play of the year it was
the tweet of the year because everything
about that was right so first of all it
was clever because you know it took a
little work to make all of those tweets
have that first letter second of all I
doubt I doubt that anybody noticed it on
their own so there was the tweet but of
course there had to be leaked so
somebody who knew what the story was had
to leak it so that somebody else could
tweet about it and then once it was
tweeted to everybody could see it and it
became viral and so so there's always
one long tweet somebody says but one
long threaded tweet I guess but what's
what's awesome about this is it
it put in perspective how ridiculously
impeachment is because go czars not only
tweeting about it he's mocking it at the
same time by by just throwing that
epstein didn't kill himself meme in
there so it was hilarious it it took the
impeachments down to a laugh level where
you could just have it have a joke and
you know you're in on the joke because
you know what gosar was up to it was
really clever in the in the annals of
tweets I think that's got to be that's
got to be a top 10 all-time tweeting
technique so well done representative
Gosar I
what else is happening so China's GDP I
guess their manufacturing is down oh so
sorry does anybody think there's gonna
be a trade deal does anybody think
there's gonna be a trade deal with China
cuz I just don't see it happening you
know I could imagine there's some minor
minor you know you you take these
tariffs off we'll take these off but I
just don't see China really doing any of
the things that we're asking them to do
and I don't know that we could check so
I don't know that there's any way we
could know for sure that they're not
going to do the things that we asked
them not to do anymore so I just don't
see us getting there and I'm okay with
that
apparently the stock market's okay with
that - is there anything else happening
it seems like you know the news just
stopped they all other news in the
country just stopped let me tell you
about the best day of my life it goes
like this
my first book that was called the
Dilbert principles back in late 90s I
had never written a book before and I
was asked to write a book and so I wrote
one it was called the Dilbert principle
and it hit the charts and just screamed
I mean it just went running up the
bestseller list and it became very
quickly the number-two book the
number-one book in the nonfiction side
the the number one book was Dennis
Rodman's book as bad as I want to be his
little biography biography slash
autobiography and it just sat there for
a while and it looked like I would never
get to number one because his was so
dominant it was just sitting there
number one and one day I got a call from
my publisher and my publisher who finds
out
about the bestseller list before the
public does and the publisher called to
tell me that when the next list dropped
I would be the number one author on the
New York Times list and I happen to be
alone when I got that call so I was in a
relationship but I was it wasn't with
anybody I was just home and I got that
call and I found out that I would be the
number one author of the New York Times
list and I just cried because it was
just one of the best days of my life
just one of the best days of my life
now it's very difficult to get another
number one book but because that one was
doing so well my publisher said can we
can you hurry and put together some some
stuff that you know maybe you've got
ready or whatever and I didn't think I
could do it but I worked very quickly
and put together a fairly rapid
follow-up book called dogbert's top
secret management to handbook and for
awhile my two books were number 1 and
number 2 on the bestseller list and that
was a really good feeling
number 1 in number 2 book now because
the nature of publishing is people who
have big hits like that almost never
have another big hit so the I was told
by my publisher at the time what to
expect that each book that came after
that would sell about half as much as
the one before sort of a standard rule
for nonfiction it's not true with
fiction with fiction you could just sell
as many as you want but we're non
fiction yeah if you have a big hit right
off the bat your subsequent books tend
to sell half as much than the next ones
half as much as that until they're not
viable anymore and sure enough that's
exactly what happened so I I got a big
book deal because the first one did so
well and and just like almost like magic
every book who followed that exact
formula everyone was half as much as one
before until you got to the point where
writing books didn't make as much sense
so that was my Dilbert II office jokes
kind of life and as you know in 2013 I
pivoted to writing some books there were
more in the self-help category and then
a little bit on politics so I wrote to
how to fail and almost everything and
still win big in 2013 and that became a
it I think it it may have touched the
bestseller list for a little bit but
didn't really set the world on fire in
terms of the bestseller list it is by
many considered to be the the best
self-help book out there and then I
wrote win big Lea which was more about
persuasion in the political sense and
then I just published loser think which
is more about how to think productively
and avoid the little traps that are easy
to fall into and because this one hit
the bestseller list I got to feel a
little bit of that feeling that I felt
in the late 90s that one day there was
the best day of my life and that was
yesterday I have to tell you that if you
spend a year working on something and
you've already got a full time job it
hurts like the process of writing an
entire book editing it rewriting it
editing rewriting then there's just a
ton of work around the the title the the
blurbs the acknowledgments there's the
advertising the marketing the reacting
the contracts there there's an immense
amount of work that goes into producing
a book and then you go on a book tour
the book tour has every author will tell
you is just painful it's just painful
now there are parts of it which are fun
I like the people I loved going on there
Greg
feldjoe I loved a lot of the interviews
meeting the people you know I got to
meet Dana Perino got to meet you know I
hung out with I'd already met but Dave
Rubin you know Adam Carolla Dennis
Prager yesterday so I'm having a great
time because I'm hanging out with all
these cool people but the nature of it
is it's just hard because you're
crossing time zones you're getting up
super early you're going all day you're
talking you've got to concentrate it's
just it's just really hard and you're
away from home so I just completed and I
was I was on I was actually in the
southwest terminal to come home from the
the second big leg of the tour because
it's New York first and then LA this is
the media markets and I'm in there and I
my phone rings and I almost didn't
answer it because I was you know waiting
for my flight and I'm I'm in the
terminal but I say it's from my
publisher and so I took the call and the
entire team that worked on the book from
editor publisher publicists etc were on
the call there was a and they said they
just called to tell me that they just
heard that loser think would be number
five on the bestseller list for the very
prestigious self-help category now you
might say to yourself hey being on the
self-help bestseller that's not as good
as being on the all nonfiction
bestseller and you would almost be right
you would almost be right it turns out
that being on the self-help list is a
place you could live for decades
you could be on that list for decades
and in fact books that are on there
right now I've just been around forever
so the self-help stuff tends not to be a
big hit and then nobody buys it which is
a lot of books a lot of books are hey
everybody buys it and then they forget
about it move on to the next book but
with yeah like Steven Covey's or is a
Stephan Steven Covey's seven Habits
that's still on there how old is that
book decades old so it is a really
really big deal to hit anywhere in the
top half of the bestseller list for a
book and yesterday I I felt the weight
of all of that year of work and the the
risk that I put into it to completely
develop a whole new career at this point
in my life so the self-help books now
three of them essentially if you count
how to fail and when Bigley and their
loser think they they form a trilogy a
body of work which effectively
legitimized my entire career change so I
want to tell you about this moment so
I'm ready to fly home and I'm nothing
but exhausted right nothing but
exhausted and I get this good news and
it felt amazing it felt amazing
it was a full body every every atom in
my body was vibrating in the right
direction suddenly the incredible stress
of the last three weeks and it's really
stressful to do all this you know live
TV stuff just evaporated just evaporated
and I got on the plane it was just like
a short very short flight home and I
walked in my house Christina was there
and Christina told me that she had just
finished the book herself she was
waiting for the audio version so she
just had consumed it had just finished
and then she told me that it was one of
the best books she'd ever read or
listened to and I got to tell you here
we are from Christina
was as good as the first time I heard I
made it to the number one of the list it
was just one of the best days of my
whole life
one of the best days of my life
and I'm still sort of you know they're
still sort of riding it and now making
it on the bestseller list doesn't mean
you'll be there next week but the beauty
of making it on to the list is that you
you're forever that person you only have
to hit the list once and then you're a
best-selling author you're a New York
Times best selling author when the
paperback version comes out whenever
that comes out somebody in the future
years from now that will say New York
Times bestselling author author so I got
to tell you I couldn't be much happier
right now I couldn't be much happier and
I you know I also spend some time yeah I
know how this sounds but if you're an
author you understand you have to do
this so forgive me for how this sounds
but understand it's part of my job I
read the reviews of Amazon now I tend to
ignore the one-star reviews because all
of my all of my books can at least a few
the one-star reviewers are almost always
from somebody who didn't read it there
are two categories just trolls who
didn't read it and then my favorite
category of bad review is the is it's
always a guy it's always a guy it's a
guy who wants to tell the world that
he's much smarter than my book it
doesn't matter which book it is every
one of them has had this guy it's the
guy who comes in and said I read that
whole book and didn't learn anything
because I already know everything or
words to that effect then I always laugh
because that guy always shows up there's
always that guy
but if you read the five-star reviews
and it's overwhelmingly 5-star reviews
you can see that people are benefiting
from the book they're getting something
out of it and that I gotta say is the
payoff the payoff is that people are
reading it and rereading it in fact
Christina said that it's the only she's
only consumed one other book in her life
that she wanted to immediately reread
and it was this one and she swears it's
not because I'm the author but that it's
that good well it doesn't get much
better than this I gotta tell you this
is if you're ever gonna have
and I feel honestly I feel a little bit
guilty that I can't share it yeah I
can't really I wish you could feel the
way I feel right now because you can't
feel much better
like right now I'm having just one of
the best times of my life it just
doesn't get any better than this so I
hope you can get a little bit of a
contact high from just hearing about it
should it go to number one on that list
we're gonna have another little
celebration here but I got a set to tell
you when you work that hard on something
and then it pays off it's a damn good
feeling
here you're immortal though I am in more
ways than one
you know I've said before that my grand
plan I always have a you know small
small plans and then the big plan
the big plan is that I've created enough
content that somebody can build the
first artificial person robot based on
me because I've explicitly approved that
here I'm doing it again in public I give
complete and unrestricted approval for
AI experimenters or even manufacturers
to after my death this is the key part
asked me after my death
no copyright restrictions you may copy
my entire personality and being and put
it into your your test robot because
there's so much content that I've
created in the public domain you could
do that easily and I'd like to go first
because who would be who would be easier
it would be completely easy because of
all the materials out there already so
cenk is running for a candy hills seat
isn't that to seat them Mike sort of
itch was thinking of running for is it
possible do I have that wrong
somebody fact check me on that but could
we see a contest between sank Unger and
Mike sort of itch for the same seat
please if if there's a divine being can
you think of anything that would be
better than it like actually anything
could you imagine anything that would be
as entertaining as that I wouldn't watch
anything else I would get rid of my
television just to watch those two guys
to mate oh my god so I don't know if
Mike's or I may have my facts
wrong but
how much would you pay for that good
lord
they'll just be the best show on earth
yes they're both running I know Mike's
talked about it I don't know if he's
gotten in I would feel sorry for sake I
feel a little bit sorry for him all
right somebody says hope this makes up
for the incoming hit you took yesterday
did I think you hit yesterday I don't
remember that was such a good day I
don't even remember any bad news that
may have ever happened before
how about Deval Patrick for president
well I don't know much about him but if
he's a sort of middle of the ground
candidate his might be dangerous he was
governor right that's best juice it's
it's painful watching sang-kyu debate
somebody says you know I I have this
feeling that people who have our
memorable unusual names have an
advantage I don't know that there's any
science behind that but I do believe
there's something to it so people like
Sync and Barack Obama you think to
yourself oh my god that's such a
disadvantage Barack Obama I think I
think nicknames or interesting names
work into your favor because there's
something about it that makes it sort of
sticky in your brain somehow because you
repeat it over your head it sounds fun
to say that sort of thing all right I
want to give you I'm gonna give you a
preview of an idea for solving health
care that makes both Republicans and
Democrats happy are you ready do you
think it's possible to make a plan that
makes Republicans and Democrats happy
let me let me give you the bones of what
it could be
I've told you before that all the
numbers you see about health care are
probably BS because if only 9 percent of
the public is not insured and we're
already paying for their health care if
they have an accident or have surgery or
something somebody pays for it already
so the money to pay for all health care
to come for everybody
we're only nine percent off it's just
that that money exists in different
places
it exists in savings that the hospital
could save it exists in your employer is
paying it now but they don't have to pay
it later so it exists in the system sure
9 percent what would be the thing that
Republicans want to do more than
anything in fact Linda Morgan said at
the beginning of this periscope what
they want to do is make prices
transparent so the main thing the
Republicans want is a transparent system
how much do people believe a health care
cost could be reduced with that one
change let's say a law that requires all
pricing to be transparent so you so
customers can shop for better deals how
much how much would we save and I've
seen ridiculous estimates of 75% yeah
they've been but I think that's based on
anecdotal stuff that there's sort of one
thing that went down 75 percent at one
time or somebody else's experience I
would never in a million years with my
background in economics imagine that
cost could go down 75% in any near-term
way but could they go down 9% do you
think that transparent pricing would buy
you 9% I think so so in other words if
Republicans got what they want
transparent pricing
it would create the space to cover for
everybody
now you'd still need the right kind of
law to be able to claw back the money
from the hospital that saves a bunch of
money because now they always get paid
when they cover people who were not
covered because there's nobody who's
uncovered so there's that sort of pot
could be accessed I think if you could
figure out what it was and employers
then would save a bunch of money but
maybe you tax them the same amount that
they saved in the short run so if you
could somehow tax the people who are
going from paying health care to not
paying health care in other words your
employers and the hospitals that are
treating people anyway would just
they're not getting paid for it and then
you save nine percent you've created all
the money you need to cover everybody
and people could still keep their
private health care insurance probably
so let's say you say you do this you
create a system where people can shop
for the best deals but wait for it if
you do a good job of shopping for deals
you get a rebate so imagine that I'm
just going to throw this out imagine the
other system where the government
insured everybody before you throw up
let me finish the point because you
don't know where the points going yet
right so suspend your just suspend your
judgment for a while just imagine that
the government handles the health
insurance how much would that lower
costs well I would think that the
insurance industry would of course get
decimated but whatever their profit
level was would would in u're and we'll
use a big word
whatever that profit margin was that
insurance companies were making that
should now go to the benefit of the
government in essence because they they
would have a lower cost structure
because it's not a profit
but suppose wait wait for the end you
said you lost me a government that's the
right instinct so every one of you who
said I'm out I'm out because you said
the government has some control wait for
the second part and by the way I'm just
just brainstorming here so these don't
have to be great ideas here's the second
part let's say you the consumer can see
all the prices and you can shop and if
you if you do the right things let's say
you get the get the preventive tests you
get some points you don't smoke you get
some points I don't know if that's good
you join a gym you get some points now
these are hard to measure but just stay
with me on the concept if you do the
right lifestyle things you take the
right preventive measures you get points
and then maybe you get some money back
so if you wanted to take real good care
of yourself and do all the right stuff
you could actually get money back you
can your free health care and money back
because the whole system is benefited by
you shopping for better prices so would
you accept a government plan if it had
total market competition that's driven
by the consumers so the government isn't
doing so much maybe for negotiating and
it's this big inefficient thing but all
it's doing is allowing the individual
people to shop and use market forces to
drive down costs that would be a system
in which Republicans would see market
competition driving that costs
individuals shopping for better prices
if they want to they don't even know
what they don't even have to and you'd
have all the money you needed for a
system now when you're saying no
government you do understand that
Medicare exists right so Medicare exists
and nobody's dying from it you know
Medicare isn't killing anybody seems to
exist
yeah the Veterans Affairs
that's a government-run like so there's
government and then there's government I
don't buy the I do not accept the idea
that just because the government's
involved everything goes to hell because
we have a system now that works quite
well you've got your you know prevail
insurance for people who can have it you
got your Medicare for people who can't
afford it certain ages etc it's kind of
working isn't it except for prices the
only thing that's somebody says look up
Mark Cuban's talk at the recent health
conference in Vegas I would very much
like to have Mark Cuban on here to ask
about that III know that he was working
on a sort of a concept but I love to
hear what his concept half I'm sure it's
got some I would be without seeing it
I'm sure that Mark Cuban's plan would
have some market price transparency and
some market competition built into it I
don't know but I'd be you know I'd be
amazed if it doesn't so hey let's make
that a task I'll go look for that all
right that's all I got for now
let's go watch the rest of the beach
good stuff and I will talk to you later