the button the button hey everybody come
on in here this is gonna be a very short
periscope on a very important topic I'm
going to show you how to save the planet
now this is a very serious topic and it
will only take you a couple minutes so
in two minutes I'm going to show you how
to save the planet now this might seem
like a big claim but it's not so here's
the problem as you know there are a lot
of people who are worried about to
climate change and it'll get too warm
and there are some devices that have
been invented that will scrub the co2
out of the air I've tweeted about a
number of these and then there's a new
one that's even more interesting and
this is a device by a company called
hypergiant industries it looks like it's
a tabletop device it's filled with algae
and it sucks air into it and the algae
is really good at turning the co2 into
something else so the idea is that this
company's idea is that individuals could
afford to just buy one of these devices
have it at home turn it on then start
sucking the co2 out of the air and if
enough people were doing it we could
keep the co2 at good levels now I didn't
realize when I said that people stormed
into my Twitter feed and they said Scott
you may have just destroyed the world
and I said what they said Scott don't
you know co2 is not pollution co2 is
literally plant food and I'm sitting it
in the comments right and you're right
co2 is plant food our plants need co2 so
this device could destroy the whole
world and not just this one but what
about all those other devices that take
the co2 out of the air what if we had
this and other technology around the
world and we start sucking the co2 out
of the air pretty soon
plant food right plants die the whole
planet is dead and so when I saw people
come in and for me they said Scott Scott
Scott if you do this you will literally
destroy the whole planet I thought I've
got to stop this I've got to stop this
so I came on to periscope with a
solution are you ready for this so this
will this is a little bit technical I
think you can you can I think you can
hang with it I'll try to simplify it as
much as possible because I know a lot
about electronics and you know I worked
with engineers so I'm probably operating
at a higher plane of technical
understanding here but all I'll try to
I'll try to break it down to your level
all of these devices no matter which
company makes it hyper giant or anybody
else they're gonna they're gonna require
electricity so at some point there's
something like this can you see this
this is called a power plug for those of
you who are not technical it's a
three-prong power plug and for
demonstration purposes I'll use the
other end of it as the outlet now in
order for one of these co2 devices to
work you need to do this watch carefully
the plug goes there's three of these
things and they'll go right into the
three on on the plug and like this then
you push it push it and there and then
you've done something that's called
creating a circuit they have to be
together now electricity will flow
through your co2 device and destroy the
world so this is the bad part so now
you've got electricity it goes to your
device takes the co2 out of the air
as you know co2 is plant food plants all
die
planet is destroyed and you're dead what
can you do and hundreds of people have
come to my Twitter feed to say Scott
you're dooming the planet if we do this
the plants will die and I'm thinking
what could I do like what what could we
do if it happened like how how could you
fix it like that what would you possibly
do before it goes too far and I thought
yeah now this is a little out of the box
and I can tell from my Twitter feed that
most of you didn't see the solution and
it's sort of sort of I know it's in the
left field but just bear with me bear
with me watch this
you see the connection these two things
that are connected and when they're
connected too much co2 is being taken
out of the air we overshot the mark we
got we got what we wanted you know took
the temperature down a degree but we
kept going plants are dying watch this
watch this now if you're listening to
this I'll describe it I'm taking the
plug that I'd earlier that I plugged in
and it's in the outlet and it's powering
these co2 devices that are destroying
the world there watch this pull it just
gently you just work it out working out
there too for those of you can't see
this I've actually separated and had the
plug from the outlet part now this air
gap between does not allow the
electricity to flow from the plug
anymore into the holes of the outlet
there's there's no connection anymore
now under this condition and again I
don't want to make this too technical
but the device that's sucking the co2
out of the air almost always will stop
running after the electricity is removed
and that's how you save the world now
some of you are worried about a thing
called a slippery slope then if you
start taking co2 out of the air you'll
just keep taking it until it's all gone
and for those people who are worried
about taking too much co2 out of the air
until it's all gone and we all die
I wonder how you ever take a bath at
home do you ever take a bath because I
would be afraid to take a bath because
what what do you do once the bathtub is
full and then it keeps going and then
your house is full of water how can you
survive and a house that's full of water
it's crazy
so the slippery slope would kill you if
you try to take a bath wouldn't it what
about when you go in the diet I've never
gone to the diet how did you how did you
avoid dying I mean if you're going to
diet you you stop you you reduce the
amount of food you're eating and then
you keep reducing it until you're not
eating anything and then you die
how do you how do you people who believe
in slippery slopes go on a diet are you
afraid that you'll actually die here's
my point the slippery slope is not a
thing is absolutely imaginary thinking
things go until they have a reason to
stop always every time everything goes
until it has a reason to stop there's no
such thing as a slippery slope things
don't have their own free will it's not
like events decide to slip you know
everything goes until there's something
to stop it do you know it would stop the
devices from taking too much co2 out of
the air us the scientists would say all
right it's pretty good don't want to
overshoot the mark we're measuring this
every day we just hit the perfect amount
hey everybody
unplug your co2 devices now if we needed
more co2 do you think we couldn't add it
to the environment pretty quickly how
hard would it be to add co2 if we
overshot the mark Oh take it afternoon
that's the problem it's too easy to put
co2 in the in the atmosphere do not
worry about slippery slopes
they're not real sometimes all you have
to do is pull the plug all right I had
to do this because the number of people
coming to my Twitter feed with amazing
levels of loser think was just shocking
now loser think by the way is not
calling the person who's thinking it a
loser all right I want to be very clear
about when I use the term loser
think is the title of my new book
that'll be out in November I'm talking
about a technique of thinking that's
unproductive so it could be very smart
people who are doing it so it's not it
has nothing to do with your native
intelligence or even your well has
nothing to do with your intelligence it
simply has to do with the fact that you
have not been exposed to the fact and
now you are that there's no such thing
as a slippery slope everything changes
until there's a reason not to and in the
case of these co2 scrubbers it would be
the most visible change in the entire
planet everybody would be watching and
everybody would we quite easily be able
to change direction Oh too much co2
taking it out of the air fixed that's it
don't worry
Italy it'll be fine all right
that's that's all for now I just wanted
to keep this simple if you're arguing
slippery slopes don't do it in public
it's not a good look it doesn't mean
anything
it's magical thinking it's completely
free from any form of rational thought
and that's all for today and you're
welcome I just saved the world for you