bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
well as the curtain begins to drop on
another day in the land of coronavirus
we prepare for a very special evening
with Scott Adams this time with
whiteboards yeah yeah whiteboards all
right I said plural whiteboards what is
the proper plural name for whiteboards a
whiteboard I know that's not true
but we'll get to that first seven quick
hits there's anybody seen Joe Biden Joe
Biden anybody has anybody seen Joe Biden
still nothing
okay I've got some some tips for you if
you're a protester if you plan to
protest the restrictions on opening up
the economy and you see a sign posted in
your local town and it mentions when the
protests will be and your sign says no
masks
bring the kids that's not a real sign it
might be a Russian side a Russian troll
it might be a democratic operative it
might be somebody who just thought it
was funny it might be China but you know
what it isn't our real side I say that
because that was floating around the
internet and people were shocked because
they thought to themselves are you
serious are you serious that there's
gonna have a protest and they're
actually saying bring the kids and don't
wear masks come on that can't be real
it's outrageous
it's outrageous you know what else it is
it's a little bit too on the nose isn't
it if you ever heard me say that before
it's one of your best
tells for a hoax the real world is kind
of messing and the real world usually
things just remind you of other things
and you know and sometimes there are two
stories in the news that both involve
Tigers or something but when you see a
story that is this perfect to the
narrative you know that the narrative
being from at least from the left that
the people going to these protests are
not that bright right so that would be
the narrative from the Democrats so this
side is a little too perfect because it
fits the narrative don't bring masks now
what would a real what would a real sign
say from real conservatives who were
legitimately protesting for freedom what
would a real sign say for people who
really cared about individual freedom
that's right
it wouldn't tell you to bring a mask it
wouldn't tell you not to bring a mask it
wouldn't even suggest right as so your
tip-off should be that that no
conservative organizer would tell people
what to wear that's that's the opposite
of freedom that's the opposite of what
they're protesting so of course when
it's so perfect to be Tia to look
contradictory and stupid that's not a
real sign now as I said on Twitter if
the Russians are not already organizing
these protests are they slippin
what'swhat's up with Putin this is sort
of an obvious one Putin if Putin is
leaving this one alone I mean you might
as well get rid of the KGB this was sort
of a lamp all you gotta do is start a
little Facebook page put together a
little protest say don't bring your
masks be sure to bring you kids boom
there's social division so I wouldn't
trust any of the protest to be genuine
actually that literally I wouldn't trust
any of them
to be genuine now that doesn't mean that
the people attending are not genuine
because I think they are the people
attending are totally genuine but she
can't wonder about whose idea was to
pick the time of the date and you know
so I won't go so far as to say that
they're all organized by other countries
but you have to assume some are right
don't you assume some are they have to
be yeah if I ask again that whatever
happened to black lives matter did black
lives matter just decide that they they
succeeded and now they're done it's got
to be a funding thing right they must
have lost funding so that here's good
news and bad news is another study
that's not peer-reviewed yet that says
hydroxychloroquine gave worst worse
outcomes than not using at all and even
when paired with the azithromycin
it gave worse outcomes but what's weird
is that they didn't say they paired it
with zinc which my understanding is
that's sort of the magic part
if you don't pair it with the zinc and
the azithromycin I don't think I don't
think that even the people who say it
works suggests they would work without
the zinc so you're going to see an end
and you see stories that say I Troxel
chloroquine doesn't work you go over to
Fox and you find stories that say it
works and none of them are credible on
either side I didn't know that they were
incredible
so at this point I'm gonna still go with
my 60/40 60% chance that it doesn't work
40% chance and it does but there's
another thing that might you have a lot
of potential as some of you saw this so
there's a doctor who noticed that
there's something weird about the lungs
of people who have coronavirus and that
they they could have very low oxygen so
low that you you would expect them to
actually be dead and they're still
walking around the textin of their
phones and stuff even though their
oxygen level is basically death level
and it apparently this is not
common to other conditions if your
oxygen gets below a certain level and
normally you just pass out and die I
guess what however you die but so the
thought is that that that might be the
earliest thing you could catch at least
of the symptoms that are the dangerous
ones you know by the time it gets to
your logs that's the danger so the
thinking is that you might be able to
catch a whole bunch of early cases then
maybe maybe that does make a difference
if you've got some therapeutics but at
the very least you can pull the madam
you know you can isolate them so that
could be huge because the cost of a
little oxygen sensor I'm sure they're
all sold now my guess is that everyone
is sold out everywhere but they're not
hard to bake because he has pretty small
electronic device
so the I would think there's a nonzero
chance I realize I'm being pretty
optimistic with this there's a nonzero
chance that the oxygen sensors could be
a third of the solution you know with
with whatever else turns out to work so
I'd say that's very encouraging I want
to give you a little math lesson on
virality but you need to check my work
okay you should not be getting so so
what I'm gonna teach you next you should
not be getting from me because I don't
know what I'm talking about but I think
I'm right if I'm not just tell me you
know uh I'll get rid of this video right
away so I'm gonna go out and live here I
think what I'm saying makes sense you
you decide so here's a little quiz which
which virus is worse which virus is
worse would you rather have a virus with
a 1% death rate with a r4 I'm not sure
if I'm expressing that right but the
idea is that one person might get might
give it to four people on average or a
point zero one percent death rate with
an R to four
reality all right what do you say which
one is which one is worse which one is
worse by the way these are not real
viruses I'm just making up these numbers
which one is worse right yeah the one
the this is this is more like a mild flu
all right so this is like a mild flu
that we get every year this one destroys
is civilization the that's how different
they are there's this one you lose a few
days of work this one destroys a
civilization now what we're seeing from
the pundits is consistently confusing 1%
and point zero one percent you've seen
this all over the place right and the
people who were telling you that that
this that we should reopen the economy
right away because it's just like the
regular flu our saying hey the regular
flow is just 1% and this one is - no
they're confusing 1% with 0.01% which
would be the regular flu the the best we
know is that coronavirus is you know 10
times more deadly and again all of these
numbers could change by an order of
magnitude
we're just I'm just giving you the
concept so don't get hung up on the
numbers I'm putting here and I'm
speaking conceptually so the first thing
they get wrong is I confuse one percent
in point oh one if you've made that
mistake you should just retire you know
you should just leave the conversation
if you can't tell the difference between
those two things
secondly they completely ignore the
virality difference now my understanding
is that the normal flu has whatever the
number is I don't think it's two but
whatever that number is is presumed to
be and again we don't know for sure
because you would have to know a lot
more about the
affections the asymptomatic people
although that but the assumption is that
it's way more viral so if you forget the
the are part there's no point in even
comparing them because you're you're
just ignoring a big part of the equation
now uh why would one hundred looking at
all your comments and you have many of
them a hundred thousand American dies at
the Hong Kong flu all right so did you
get my point now watching the comments
how many people are gonna struggle with
this because what we're hearing from the
pundits let's see if I can do this what
we've heard from the pundits is that we
might have a weak virus so we've heard
that it might be a weaker virus and we
thought only 1% but if it's still that
viral it's the worst thing that ever
happened now do we know that the corona
virus is more viral do we know that for
sure the answer is no but we've seen
what it did to nursing homes and that
doesn't look normal right have we heard
of other nursing homes where a regular
flu just takes out the nursing home what
about the cruise ships there must be the
regular flu on cruise ships practically
every cruise but have we ever heard an
entire cruise ship you know where people
are dying on board no so there's clearly
something about corona virus that is
impacting hospitals and away regular flu
doesn't impacting nursing homes
impacting cruise ships so that all
suggests that has more virality and even
if this death rate is much lower than
the original estimates it would still
destroy civilization if left if left to
spread so let's what is 1% of 7 billion
let's say we never come up with a
vaccine which i think is entirely
possible I'm not I would say I have low
confidence that we're gonna have a
a vaccine for this kind of ever I mean
I'd love to think that we would but
honestly I don't think we're gonna I
think we'll have to reach your herding
herd immunity and that's probably the
end of the story now that's not bad news
because you know maybe that's just the
only way to get there
death rates relate to different locales
yeah there's definitely difference in
the death rates but there I heard
there's thirty different versions of it
all right now
what did most people the pundits say
when they found out that there was a
study that maybe there were a lot more
people infected they said oh this is
good news because if there are a lot
more people who have the current virus
than we thought that the percentage of
people dying from it is way smaller and
that's where you got down to the 1% and
people hailed that as good news and then
they mistakenly said 1% is the same as
point-o 1% and then it all went to hell
so you should ignore everybody who's
who's tried to do any math on this
including me now I saw this argument
from Larry Schweikart on Twitter who
believes there's somebody named dr. Lee
I think a British doctor who has
determined that lockdowns making it
worse
now here's another tip if you can only
find one doctor to back your theory you
should be a little less confident about
it than tweeting it if you can find you
have several doctors that would agree
with you that the social isolation
doesn't doesn't make any difference if
there are several doctors I'd say you
could maybe take a stab at that being
true but if you only got that one I
would say you'd hold off on your
confidence there the other thing Larry
Schweikart says that I would take issue
with is that economists have estimated
that they're you you kill 40,000 people
for every 1% extra
unemployment you've heard that right
you've probably heard of the news every
1% in unemployment kills 40,000 people
do you believe that do you believe that
1 percent extra unemployment will kill
40,000 people well there's something
left now don't you think do you think
there's a variable left out time time
how about time because if everybody in
the country were were unemployed for one
week almost nobody would die right so it
wouldn't matter how much unemployment it
was if it only lasted a week and nobody
starved to death
probably nobody would die how about if
it lasts two weeks two weeks probably
almost nobody I mean you could argue
that maybe a few extra people would
commit suicide because of the lockdown
you know losing businesses and stuff but
I think there are a whole bunch of other
people who don't die because we're not
in traffic I don't know so it seems to
be that when the economists say 40,000
die for every 1% of unemployment they
have to need long-term unemployment
right I don't think they mean that
unemployment has a bump over the summer
and then you know fairly fairly quickly
in next several months gets back to a
normal rate I don't think they're
talking about that you know that's not
that's not the kind of unemployment that
kills 40,000 people per point so that's
the math lesson for for abundance now
there are days when the simulation
serves up the most delicious of stories
today is such a day if you have not
heard this yet prepare to receive a
delicious story a story that tastes so
good you can taste it with your ears
that's how good it is and it goes like
this
yes that is Christina on the piano
downstairs I told her she could play
while I was on periscope so you'd have
some background music so this this
little tidbit comes to you courtesy of
Michael Shellenberger writing in Forbes
if you're not following Michael
Shellenberger on Twitter
you really should he has some of the
best content you'll see and he's you
wrote a little summary and review of a
new film produced by Michael Moore you
all know Michael Moore right I don't
have to describe who Michael Moore is
you all know him he's got a new
documentary if you haven't heard what
it's about prepare your ears for a
delicious story I mean you're actually
gonna be able to taste less in their
ears it's so good it's gonna go in your
ears it's gonna embrace your brain and
it's just gonna massage it that's how
good it is all right here it is this is
Michael Moore's documentary these
produced I don't think he's in and it's
being released free to the public on
YouTube today and the 50th anniversary
of Earth Day good well you'd expect
Michael Moore would care about you know
Earth Day and the environment because we
know he cares a lot about the
environment so what's the name of this
it's called planet of the humans plan of
the humans and what's it about it's
about the documentary reveals that
industrial wind farms solar farms
biomass and biofuels are wrecking
natural environments what that's right
it's it's a documentary produced by
Michael Moore this suggests that the
green New Deal type of technologies
don't work and when I say don't work I
mean that they they caused as much
problems or more than they solve
now did you see this coming because I
did not see this coming
but I'm gonna say something that I've
also said about Bill Maher you've heard
me talk about Bill Maher and one of the
things I like about him even when I
disagree with specific opinions is it's
obvious that he is an actual flexible
thinker if you give them a better
argument if you give him data he's
capable of changing his mind very few
people can do that especially public
figures Michael Moore if you recall was
one of the first Democrats who said this
Trump thing is real he's reading the
public right
he could win do you remember he was the
he was the one who could peer through
the bubble everybody else was lost in
the bubble and they couldn't see it they
were actually blind to it but Michael
Moore whatever you say about him you
know
hold your opinion of Michael Moore's
politics the thing he said that made you
mad that time that the fact he doesn't
go to the gym as much as you want but he
is a flexible mind surprisingly you know
maybe you don't expect it but I consider
him a very flexible thinker like Bill
Maher in a good way and I think what
happened is he came upon this honestly I
think he I think he funded this thing
probably didn't know where it would end
up and I think you'd ended up in a place
that maybe wasn't his first choice and I
think he had the intellectual integrity
to go ahead and say he produced this
thing so
clap-clap-clap for Michael more now I'm
planning on a watch again tonight with
Christina we can find it and I'm sure we
can find it so I'll tell you if it's as
interesting as I think it is but it
feels as if the green New Deal is so
dead yeah it is cherish the fire that's
what you hear what a great thing to be
flying all right let me tell you a story
and then I am going to amaze you by
flipping around my whiteboard and
completely redesigning college are you
ready for this I'm going to redesign
college so it's free almost it's gonna
be so close to free you barely can tell
the difference and it's gonna be fairly
quick and it's fairly easy do you
believe it before we show you the
amazingness which is the other side of
my whiteboard let me tell you this story
it was 1979 I had just graduated at
college
Oneonta New York and I took my
belongings from my dorm room and I moved
them back to Windham New York where I
grew up my family owned and their I
traded my car an old dawson 510 I traded
it to my sister for a one-way ticket to
California because I made this
calculation my calculation was there may
be there may never be another time in my
life what I have a completely blank
slate I can actually move anywhere I
want and what so the first thing I
should do to improve my odds of a good
life is to simply move where I have the
greatest odds of a good life someplace
has good weather good economics good
travel you know just good everything
good good everything that you need and
so I sold sold that car for a one-way
ticket to California I had two suitcases
and $2,000 that I got for graduation
plus some of my own money
and I went to San Francisco and you know
long story short made my life here one
of the best decisions I ever made
because I moved from a place with no
opportunity to a place with unlimited
opportunity and that I took advantage of
it now
you might say to yourself the other way
to look at my situation is I had nothing
to lose because I didn't I had nothing
so I had nothing to lose very rare to
have a blank slate but when you get one
do not let it go if you ever get a
chance to start anything whatever it is
from scratch something that you never
get to start from scratch such as your
entire life if you ever get that chance
don't blow it
this is like solid gold it's a one time
you can really make something out of
nothing you know you can you can get
something done now this brings us to the
corona virus the bad news about the
corona virus you already know people
dying in the economy the economy falling
apart but there's one weird aspect of
this and that it it destroys everything
we assumed about big institutions and
the way we used to do things I'm sure
that working at home will be a thing and
I'm sure that you know online education
got a got a big boost but how could you
make college almost free and way better
way better and here's how so I'm gonna
call it a free meaning that it's almost
free you know nothing's free free but it
goes like this you would first develop a
Yelp like search engine for classes and
the Yelp search engine would be able to
search on any platform so even though
even within a subscription service it
would be able to search for a specific
class so if let's say you wanted to take
a specific class you could look at the
ratings and you could say oh there's one
on YouTube but there's a
more highly rated one on udemy so udemy
how did I say that so you go there
instead how hard it would it be to build
a Yelp search engine for individual
classes not that hard you know that's
well within the range of stuff we do
right we fix this by the way I'm
Dyslexic as hell I don't know I don't
know if I've ever mentioned that but
justjust one of my many oddities but
that was actually just a spelling error
not dyslexia so here's my idea I would
like to create a major that's useful we
all know that higher education evolved
over time and because it just sort of
evolved and got ossified and you know
just doesn't need to change it just
didn't change it's just a mess
so I would like to invent a major which
is the major that would be free so you'd
start with this and then if it works you
can expand it to other other majors
especially well I would invent a major
called life strategy and life strategy
would be a not to deep dive but all of
the good stuff you know the 80% that
matters that you can get quickly in
these and maybe other other situations
so every skill requires communication
persuasion economics statistics I don't
mean in the math sense necessarily you
could do a little math but mostly I'm
talking about practical statistics an
example of that would be the idea of
diversifying your portfolio that's
that's practical statistics another
example would be having a talent stack
where every time you add a talent that
works well together you multiply your
odds of success so when I say statistics
I mean figuring out the odds of things
this looks like a better chance than
this how do you compare things that sort
of thing you don't want to teach people
a little bit of design a little bit of
history history is useful not because it
repeats but because you see a whole
bunch of pattern
so the more patterns you see of like oh
when history goes like that the thing
you have to watch for is this thing so
the more patterns you see the more
well-rounded you are you should learn a
little bit about managing how to hire
and fire let's see I can do a better job
of lining this up for you
I had a hire and fire it's a little bit
about startups if you want to start your
own company banking and investing one of
the biggest needs especially in the
lower-income community and you hear this
from black lives matter and activists in
those communities that they people
really need to learn how to handle money
you take you for granted if you've been
around a family that knows how to do it
you just sort of pick it up by
association but if you've never learned
how to manage credit or you know get a
loan or any of that stuff how would you
know if you didn't have anybody you
could ask so you should teach all those
basic things how to how to stack your
skills a little bit about technology so
you'd understand what's you know how to
the basics of what's an app what's the
cloud you know how things work together
now the details of all this are highly
variable so I'm just giving you the the
concept then we imagine that it's
certified could be certified by the
government imagine if you will that the
government in the United States said
we're gonna have one just amazing class
like anybody who gets through these
classes you're really gonna want to hire
now the exception would be you know the
stem and some specialties you know that
you still need lawyers and doctors and
scientists and stuff so they're not
taking this major this major is just for
the generalists the the people might
want to start a company the people who
are gonna you know go to work for a
fortune 500 company and be trained
within some special job etc so the idea
was maybe the government could certify
it but maybe individuals could you know
what about me
good I can I make one and then certified
why not yes all you need is credibility
so well I don't have that kind of
credibility imagine if somebody who did
have credibility came up with a set of
class
said if you do this many hours of these
things and meet this checklist you've
got a degree how long should it take you
to get this degree I say one year I say
one year and you could do it at night
you can do it at home
I think this degree is one year that if
you're full-time you know maybe two
years part-time or something
so here's let me make a bold claim all
right I know you like it when I make
cocky unsupported bold claims but I
wouldn't be me if I didn't do that right
here's my bold claim you take a group a
group of a hundred students chosen
randomly from any community except the
black community so it's any other group
you take 100 of them and I'll take a
hundred african-american students from
the poorest to school and let's assume
that they have good enough grades so
that they could qualify for this you
probably need some minimum standard you
know probably a high school education
have a high school degree I'll take a
hundred african-american low-income kids
and I'll give them some version of the
strategy that's what they'll learn they
might it might only even be one year but
that's that's what though again and then
you let the other of the control group
the hundred everybody else they they
take whatever they want
now you subtract out the stem people
because they're all going to get good
jobs that ruins the experiment so in
both sides if anybody's stem on either
side you toss them out so you just
compare my hundred african-american
students from a poor neighborhood who
have learned solid gold strategy they
understand how to manage money how to
start businesses they've seen lots of
historical patterns they learned how to
network I forgot the right networking
but networking would be a one of the
skills that would be up here they've
learned business writing they can give a
speech and they have these skills and
here's here's my cocking claim check
with me in ten years and my group of a
hundred african-american student
from a poor neighborhood we'll all be on
average will be earning more money than
the control group because the control
group took you know dumbass college
courses yeah they're taking sociology
and anthropology and you know French
literature and and a hundred of
my hypothetical african-american the
students from a poor neighborhood just
got a solid-gold
life strategy that works because of math
it's just math you know the the the math
of if you try ten things one of them
might work it's pretty strong math the
math of if you diversify your portfolio
you're not going to lose it all by
making one dumb gamble it's just math
right it's very simple math but it
doesn't have and skill stacking the idea
that you can cleverly stack your skills
and that improves your odds again it's
just math so you give me the group who
runs their life based on the math of
life the things we know are the best
stuff the things that combine best
always have the best career potential
the things that let you see the farthest
and and and manage things the most
effectively that's my bet my bad is I'll
give a one-year education to people and
they will there will be a hand in income
in ten years
so let me see in the comments what part
of this do you think is impractical now
there's there's an assumed to part of it
that you know is unstated which is that
the free market would allow the quality
of these classes to continually improve
and some of these classes might be free
like on YouTube and some of them might
be and some of them might be what
somebody says racism I don't even know
how that fits into this conversation and
so some of them might be free some of
them might cost you know twenty dollars
because they're so good it's like the
best rated class for you know organic
chemistry but organic chemistry is so
bad that you'd be willing to pay $20 to
get the good one
so you'd have a chance would
corporations back it well they would if
the government gave it credentials and
they would if they saw what the kids
were learning and they would if you had
a little bit of a track record to show
that those kids perform better so I
think you would have to you probably
have to subsidize it or something for a
while just to test it
somebody said Jordan Peterson had a
similar idea that does not surprise me
no I would not call this like a
brilliant innovative new idea that
nobody ever had the only the only claim
I'm gonna make is is more like a
prediction because this is all easy
right
don't you know that there will be a Yelp
for college classes that are online you
know in other classes you know that's
coming right it's just too obvious that
that would someday exist so doesn't need
credentials well it helps the helps
accreditation is what I should say not
credentials need to add the scientific
method in the may in the major I thought
I actually I did have thank you for that
I did have the scientific method on my
first draft and I missed it when I run
down here so yeah and also networking is
the other one I forgot my pins running
in all right sue what do you think where
did they learn how to interact socially
that should also be one of the classes
and I know this sounds like I'm making
this up but I swear that was also on the
first draft so shouldn't social
you can imagine you can imagine other
things too such as learning how to
travel yeah if you were a poor kid and
you'd literally never been in an
airplane wouldn't you like a one day
class at least to teach you how do you
book of light how does anybody fly you
know there are a lot of things that you
just assume that people know but it's
only because you've been around it if
you've never been around it you'd have
no way to know how to book a flight and
navigate an airport you wouldn't even
try add hypnosis and negotiation well
that's actually under persuasion so each
of these categories have subcategories
you know a communication would include
speeches and writing and baby social
media you could start a school with it
well the whole point is to not start a
school that the whole point is that you
don't need a physical school but you
can't make government's do it too well
that's true could you do it for high
school I think you could you know it
seems to me the homeschooling is is
likely to to be good you know
I have of course a little bit of
experience with kids in school recently
and I'll tell you my personal opinion
which is matched somewhat by the kids
themselves school is kind of a horror
you know kids today I just feel sorry
for them because the school sounds from
the social perspective you know because
there are bullies and mean people and
everybody's fighting to be liked and
stuff and the pressure it actually
sounds kind of terrible I mean I don't
know how bad it was when I was a kid
because you forget you know you don't
really remember exactly what it was like
but I don't remember hating it and but
today it looks like it's just a pretty
bad deal
critical thinking did I forget that one
too
damn I had I had a logic course up there
I think critical thinking is the better
term for it but yeah so but anyway you
see the point right you see the point
that if you spent a little time you
could come up with a life strategy class
that would be better than anything to
anybody's learning all right that's all
I got for you today give you and I will
talk to you in the morning we got lots
of fun stuff to talk about and tonight
you can have a wonderful night sleep
I hope the dulcet tones of Christina on
the piano have put you in the mood to
drift off thinking about all the great
ways that you can reinvent yourself
because if you find yourself in a
situation where there's nothing to lose
well then you're free if you really want
freedom freedom's that's just another
word for nothing left to lose as Janis
Joplin fables famously said before she
died of an overdose but of course that
takes away the motivational quality of
it all right I'll talk to you in the
morning
have a great night