[Music]
hey Joanne hey Kate come on in here it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams and if
you're in here early you can enjoy the
simultaneous sip all you need is a cup
or a mug or a glass some kind of a
Steiner a chalis or a thermos a tankered
if you will fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
this s aneous
sip so the big news of the day um I'm
going to wait for a few more people to
get in before the biggest news of the
day let's talk about Fel
voting I love this felons voting
question
because it all it really is is a a great
political
fod uh you know the importance it is
probably pretty low but I love the fact
that the Democrats have so little to run
on that giving prisoners and murderers
the vote is sort of their it's part it's
part of their top
three
and um I had said that I supported
giving Prisoners the vote my reasoning
is that it's for the benefit of the rest
of of society it's not because it's good
or bad or anything for the prisoners
themselves it's that it become it helps
make them part of the system buy into
the system Etc so for the people who are
not in prison that would be you and and
me it's good for us if criminals vote to
the to the extent that it's one small
part of making them part of a system
giving them a little buy into the system
making them feel you know part of the
process now people have said quite
reasonably wait a minute are you saying
murderers should vote they took the vote
away from someone else now that argument
is not
rational because we can punish the
prisoners however the law requires we
could say we're going to give you 50
years in prison and we're going to slap
you in the head if the law said that we
you pass the law they said we're going
to put you in prison and we're going to
play Bad music in your cell if the law
said that in other words we can pass a
law that as long as it's not cruel and
unusual can be part of the
punishment I suppose playing bad music
all day would be cruel and unusual so
maybe that one's a bad
example
but um and then so let me just complete
this and I'll comment to a comment there
so if somebody wants to make an
exception and say Yes prisoners maybe
they should vote it makes them part of
the system it's part of Rehabilitation
but not
murderers and not maybe terrorists I'd
be okay with an exception I see no
reason that you can't make an exception
for murderers and terrorists if you want
to extend that to rapists or other
violent criminals it's okay with me we
can have any laws we want so long as
they're
uh agreed by the the public but in
general don't throw out the baby with
the bathwater meaning that there is some
value to Society of getting prisoners a
little bit pregnant in believing in the
system um so I agree with that statement
but it's a terrible thing to uh Mount
Your campaign on so independent of
whether there's any um good or bad to
that idea of letting prisoners vote
independent of the facts it's a terrible
thing to put a to wrap your campaign
around it's a terrible thing to have to
comment
on um now some of you said in the
comments that those uh that those
prisoners well here are a few problems
one is that the prisons tend to be
located in specific places so so you
might have a whole bunch of prisoners in
one County and and might be enough to
actually sway an election and that would
be bad so one of the things you could do
is to say that everybody gets to vote
but their vote only counts in their
prior residents in other words no matter
where they are in prison their vote is
distributed out to the the places that
they were living before they were in
prison so that would at least not have
them concentrated in one County where
they can elect their own Warden or
something uh I don't know if you could
elect a warden but you could elect
whoever appoints a warden or hires a
warden maybe so you got that uh and then
some of you were worried that the
prisoners would vote essentially in
favor of crime so somebody was saying do
you expect a convicted rapist to vote
for women's you know anything that would
be protective of women to which I say I
think you'd be
surprised I don't know this for sure but
I also don't know that there's a problem
here which is for
example um I'm not entirely sure that
murderers are in favor of
murder I don't think they are are they
even if you were to do a poll of convict
Ed murderers how many of them would be
in favor of murder I think you'd
actually find a very small number of
them were in favor of murder even if
they did it likewise convicted rapists
how many convicted rapists would support
some kind of a law that would make it
easier for rapists to get away well some
but probably not most probably not
most so I'm not sure there's a big
problem given that the votes would be
distributed around the country there are
very few laws that actually are so on
point that a person's in in jail for
something so
similar I just don't see it as a big
problem um now those of you who are
worried that they'll mostly vote
Democrat I say to you if anybody's
voting for the other team you just have
to work harder to get their vote that's
how the system works so I see the point
that they might vote Democrat but why
not work harder and try to get those
votes after all which which party in
power got prison reform through if you
were a if you were a a
prisoner would you care about anything
more than prison reform to get you out
of prison early and get you a job it's
probably what you care about most and
that's a republican LED thing anyway so
enough about that let's talk about about
Joe Biden's uh
tragic uh Gaff of the century
announcement Joe freaking Biden possibly
the worst person in the country right
now or the dumbest I can't tell it
depends if he believes what he said I
suspect he believes what he
said free stuff for felons I I I can't
leave this giving felons the right to
vote is not really giving them anything
cuz the right to vote for any one person
is so vanishingly small that you could
just ignore it for all practical
purposes it's not like giving them candy
or giving them money uh allowing them to
participate in the system is not a gift
per se
uh uh anyway so just consider that maybe
your opinions on prison reform have more
to do with revenge and emotion and less
to do with what's good for society uh
Joe Biden started his announcement for
presidency by repeating the
Charlottesville fine people hoax the
most the most
dangerous and
divisive and
harmful
hoax since maybe even more than the
Russian collusion hoax it's up there
it's so it's the number two hoax so the
moment the Russia collusion
hoax is at least a little bit
diminished the Democrats come back with
a new hoax to it's going to be like the
the launching pad for his his campaign
and I noted if you listen to it so he
starts off talking about Charlottesville
and he mentions
Jefferson and he mentions that even
Jefferson you know was not perfect and
I'm thinking to myself Jefferson was a
slave owner which is what he was
referring to and I just don't
know if coming out against Confederate
statues but in favor of a slave owner
within two minutes in the context of the
announcement of your race for the the
presidency is maybe one of the dumbest
things you've ever seen
he seemed to endorse antifa because they
were the brave people there fighting the
neo-nazis according to him he literally
endorsed massed weapon
wielding anarchists who would like to
destroy the government of the United
States he thought they were great people
he actually said that he actually said
that amazing
so um it seems to me
maybe I think I think it would be the
worst presidential launch of all time
probably the worst one but I wanted to
do something uh For Your Entertainment
um if any of you have uh an Amazon a
XA I'm going to be talking to it right
now in your home and mine so you might
want to turn off the sound for a minute
if you don't want your a l e XA to say
something in your house watch
this
Alexa how old is creepy Joe B
Biden sorry I don't know
that Alexa how old is creepy Joe
Biden sorry I still didn't get that but
if you're up for a game I've got lots of
fun ones to choose from
okay
so this was a lot
funnier Alexa
cancel this was funnier when I tested it
before I came on Periscope I actually
asked the question using his name creepy
Joe Biden and Alexa just answered the
question this time I asked exactly the
same question and she didn't answer it
did you notice that makes me
wonder if anybody is playing with it
behind the scenes but I guarantee you I
tried this right before I came on live
and calling him creepy Joe Biden got me
a
response um let's talk about well let's
let's talk about Biden's
chances I would put Biden's chances at
zero I don't know if any of you agree
but when he
announced I actually strongly considered
donating to uh Bernie Sanders and not
because I think Bernie Sanders should be
president because I don't but because
anybody who's spreading this
Charlottesville hoax they really need to
be taken out so I I pinned to my Twitter
feed a useful series of uh of links in a
thread so it's pinned to my Twitter so
you can easily find it and it's the
response to all the fine people hoax
people who believe it now there's an
interesting thing when you point out to
people that they that they've been
hoaxed about what fine people refer to
and you show them at the actual
transcript where it says in clear
language that the President
says I'm not talking about the the
neo-nazis and the white supremacists
they should be condemned totally now
that sentence is as clear as you could
get so if somebody thought he was
talking about those people being fine
people and you show them the transcript
and and the words say just what I said
I'm not talking about those people they
should be condemned totally nobody asked
him to say that he added that on his own
to make sure nobody misunderstood what
he was saying this was the president now
what happens when somebody believes he
the president said the racists were fine
people and then you show them the
transcript where it unambiguously says
he's not talking about that group what
do people
do so far 100% of the people that I've
I've seen online and it's a lot a lot of
people do the same thing they say
well well they were if they were
marching with and they all they all seem
to default to the same phrase you can't
be a fine person person if you're
marching with
neo-nazis and they'll all
hallucinate that anybody who is there
who wasn't antifa or the Press I guess
or the police was actually marching with
the tiki torch people now that of course
is a hallucination because that didn't
happen there were people there with
militias there were people there for
supporting the historical importance of
the statues which I you know most most
of you know I do not support the statues
I think offensive
decorations should be taken down just
because why would you want to offend
other Patriots in your country who are
doing nothing but trying to enjoy the
park and and there's some statue that
they would find quite offensive even if
you think it's not doesn't matter if you
think it's not offensive if you're
offending something like a third of the
country maybe considering being a nicer
person even if you think they should not
be offended you can observe that they
are and you wouldn't put an offensive
decoration in your own house why should
we put it in public anyway that's my
argument but nonetheless there were
plenty of people who were not racists
who were there to support Free Speech
historical um historical monuments
Etc and when you point out that the
president was clearly not talking about
the racist the the people who have been
hoaxed will never say oh okay I guess I
got that wrong that just never happens
instead it's weird how specifically they
will move their argument the same way
pretty much every one of them having
been proven completely wrong will say
yeah but they can't be fine people if
they're marching with marching with the
part they add that never really happened
the Neon Nazis so the uh in my tweet
thread you can see how to respond to
that somebody says you are wrong
Scott all right I'm going to get rid of
whoever said you are wrong
Scott because there's plenty of room for
reasons if you have one I'm happy to
listen to it but you wrong Scott that's
just a that's just a
block
um so I included in my uh thread some
handy links for all the people who are
experiencing the hysteria of the fine
people
hoax and one of those links is to New
York Times article where they talk to
one of the fine people who was with the
militia and they weren't there with the
with the uh with the racist they were
opposed to racist they just like statues
uh historical statues and free
speech and guns apparently they like gun
and free speech and historical
statues now uh so those that's the link
you want to send to people who say but
there're could be no free nice people
there who are Marching with Nazis that
part is just a
hallucination it is a complete
hallucination now uh often they will
Retreat a second time so once you've
pointed out that there were people there
and even the New York Times interviewed
one who was not marching with any
racists at all they were just in the
same the same zip code people will then
almost always Retreat to well anybody
who supports those offensive
statues if there if they're supporting
statues they can't be fine people to
which I say and I alone can say this
because I also oppose Confederate
statutes I say well hey I oppose confed
statues and I also oppose putting uh
slave owners on our
currency do you also oppose putting
slave owners on currency or here's the
fun part do you oppose putting slave
owners on our currency or do you side
with the neo-nazis on that
point isn't this fun now I was doing
this this morning with one of my critics
who and by the way it doesn't matter if
you
support pictures of the founders on the
currency that isn't the point the point
is that when you point out to people
that their wallet literally in their
pocket they have portraits of of uh
slave owners in their pocket if they're
not complaining about that you don't
really need to listen about the statues
do you do you do you really need to take
anybody seriously about the statues if
they they've got like a wallet full of
pictures of slave owners on their
currency and they're okay with that now
what I do which drives people crazy is I
do a thing called being consistent you
so rarely see anybody being consistent
that when it happens people actually
can't see it it's it's actually
hilarious so I started out with saying
that there were fine people there at the
event so naturally everybody thinks well
you must be a racist Scott if you think
there was anybody there just for free
speech and just to support
statues then I say well I'm against
statutes I just think that those people
are not racists that's all I don't agree
with them on the statutes I'm completely
against it but if you're against statues
and you're not with me against putting
slave owners on currency you're going to
have to explain why you're agreeing with
the
neo-nazis you're going to have to
explain it now what happens to people
when I put a big load of consistency on
them word
salad so it it's word salad you'll see
the response it'll be like blah blah
blah blah blah and you look at it you go
I these words don't even make sense
there's just words so that's what
happened this morning it was
fun all right
uh somebody says I can't buy buy food
with a stat with a statue
idiot uh Jeff the drunk says I can't buy
food with a statue yes Jeff the drunk
that is such an astute
observation relevant
to
nothing your point is a monument to
stupidity uh I love Jeff the drunk you
are officially the dumbest commenter of
the morning thank you very much and now
you are
deleted
block somebody says where does this end
where does it end to which I say why
should progress ever
end you know there's when somebody says
there's a slippery
slope somebody else is going to say
completely honestly
you're talking about
progress if what we're doing is getting
rid of Confederate statutes
hypothetically just bear with me if we
get rid of Confederate statues because
they were offensive and a sign of
slavery and then it goes further and
somebody says hey maybe we have to get
rid of the uh get rid of the pictures of
the slave owners on our currency to
which I say it's not a bad idea isn't
the whole point of currency to put the
most you know respected people that are
role models for the children don't you
want role models on your money if you
ask me we could find people who are not
racists to put on money who would be
pretty good Role Models I have no
problem with that I would call it
progress somebody says you be denying
our
history
no history is actually not much in a
statue do you remember when you you went
to school when you were in school and
instead of books they showed you
Confederate statues do you remember that
neither do I because history is in
books history is not taught by
statues and it's statues are
relevant um quite
irrelevant now if somebody said maybe we
should just put these statues in context
perhaps you could add a plaque that
gives the background and you know gives
some context to which I would say that's
not a bad idea that is not a bad idea
certainly something worthy of
consideration
um yeah why not put me on the $100 bill
given all this good work work I do on
Periscope all
right how do we know which sins to pick
same way we always do by
power the the slippery
slope can only slide if there are enough
people who want it to keep sliding the
moment that there are fewer people who
wanted to slide or there's more power in
the don't keep sliding it stop sliding
and then that's all the progress you
get history is in museums put statues in
museums that's one way to go the K Smith
removal is beyond the pale well I don't
know I'd have to look into Kate
Smith's um background but she was
anti-gay and I don't know to what degree
she was
anti-gay uh but it must have been pretty
bad so I'm not sure that I have a
problem with
that
um say that to people of London or
Rome you know
if yeah the thing about let's take Rome
for example the
Coliseum was a horrible
place but it's presented that way if you
go to the Coliseum nobody is hiding the
fact that horrible things happen there
if you go to the Holocaust Museum
nobody's hiding the fact that it's about
horrible stuff but if you see a statue
in the
park it's lacking context where's all
the
context so if you had some context it'd
be okay all right um chairman Kim went
to visit Putin
chairman kin went to visit Putin and
Putin says it was a good meeting and
he'll share the results with the United
States and this made me
optimistic now I've always said since
the beginning of the let's say the
loosening of North Korea you know from
from the point where they started to act
like they wanted to make
progress I said that the ultimate
solution is going to look something like
the three major Powers Plus South Korea
so uh Russia the United States and
China issuing some kind of a joint a
military let's say
shield in which we would keep each other
from attacking North Korea and keep
anybody else from attacking him under
the condition that they do convert their
nuclear to uh let's say Just Energy
instead of weapons now if I were Kim I
would want to get you know Putin and she
and Trump all on the same page and say
look here's the deal for me to give up
my Nuclear deterrence I need all three
of you leaders to sign a document that
says even if one of us decides to move
against North Korea the other two are
going to do what they can to prevent it
and maybe it's economic maybe it doesn't
have to be military but something with a
little teeth that would say nobody is
going to attack North Korea so long as
North Korea doesn't you know do
something bad to the include as long as
North Korea gets rid of their nukes and
doesn't let's say counter fit or
whatever else they were doing um so I
think you could come up with a deal that
would make Kim Jong-un feel safer and
would be real because I think if the
three powers say look we can solve this
but all three of us have to be on the
same page let's just turn North Korea
into an economic success story let Kim
Jung and stay in power for now work
toward you know a 100-year plan for
reunification there's no re reason to
rush just do what you can when you can
and get on the trail of improvement and
friendship and I think we're already off
the trail of being enemies but we're
sort of just standing around figuring
out where to go right now do we go back
to being enemies do we continue on the
peace Trail so I think um
so I think that would get us there so I
would see I would see the move forward
some kind of a declaration of the end of
the
war with the three superpowers
guaranteeing North Korea's
security so that they can start moving
forward and Kim can declare Victory and
by the way that would totally be a
victory if Kim gets rid of his nukes but
what he gets in return let's say he
doesn't get rid of them he can converts
his nuclear industry into you know
peaceful energy for his country if he
does that and he ends the war
permanently and he gets the three
superpowers to probably help him
economically at the same time that they
become you know a a peace
umbrella that's a
big big big win for
Kim and we win too essentially everybody
wins so I think Kim is starting is
starting to put together a
package a a diplomatic package that
might be the real deal now you don't
want to get ahead of yourself because
optimism has been always the wrong play
when it comes to North Korea and I'm not
I'm not ignorant of the fact that
they've made promises before and it's
all a stalling game Etc but what's
different about this is that they have
they have a clean path to the biggest
Victory they've ever had there is
nothing in the way nothing there is
nothing preventing chairman Kim from
just walking a straight line to the
biggest Victory any leader ever had I
mean this would be one of the biggest
victories for a leader of any kind
anywhere if he could turn North Korea
into a protected economic Powerhouse and
convert the the nuclear power nuclear
energy in in the nuclear weapons
industry into peaceful nuclear
energy all right
[Music]
um North Korea could be a manufacturing
Powerhouse yes they
could does chairman Kim listen to this
Periscope
well
well I think so um I don't mean him
personally so the no chairman Kim does
not personally listen to my Periscope
but here's what I do think is true I
think that Kim
has some you know Department of people
whose job it is to closely monitor the
Foreign Press and foreign social media
and foreign
opinion so I think it is a guarantee
that North Korea is monitoring closely
the opinion makers in this Country Now
where you would Place me on the list of
opinion makers I would say I'm in the
top
100 would would you agree with that uh
because I think you would treat the
major Publications as sort of one thing
and they would monitor them so surely
North Korea is monitoring the New York
Times and CNN and Fox News and the big
media analysts but you you very quickly
run out of them you know there's a maybe
a top 20 so you can guarantee that
they're looking at all of that and then
beyond the new sources there are the I
would say the independent pundits so
you've got your um well you know all all
the people who are not associated with a
news
Outlet um you know an couter for example
does does North Korea follow an couter
well if they don't they're missing
they're missing out cuz she's certainly
in the top 100 of opinion makers now the
question of whether North Korea is
familiar with anything I've said was
sort of dependent on two things one am I
in the top 100
of of let's say opinion makers in this
country I don't know what do you think
um yeah Russ and B would be another and
there' be a number on the the left as
well I think I'm easily in the top 100
and they're probably watching at least
the top 100 opinion makers
so um and then secondly is there
anything that I've ever
said that our own
government
liked and then shared with North Korea
either through South Korea or through
you know it doesn't mean that they
shared it in terms of putting my name on
it but were there any
ideas that influenced anybody in our
government to float to anybody in North
Korea's
domain don't
know no way to know
so
um yeah I'm just looking at your
comments
here yeah Victor David Hansen there's
there's a good one do you think there's
any chance that North Korea has never
seen anything by Victor David
Hansen I think they have because he
would certainly be in the top 100
opinion
maker um and and far higher far higher
than than I would be I would
imagine
so Victor Davis Hansen I always say his
name wrong sorry Davis Davis Victor
Davis Hansen
I always I always make that same mistake
I
apologize did my meeting with Trump have
any influence on North Korea I doubt
it
um I think you know that it's sort of a
trick question because in in the
unlikely
event that Trump asked me anything
important about policy I wouldn't be
able to tell you the conversation
anyway
but uh we didn't talk about anything
important in policy so so the answer is
no we talked about politics but not
policy please
interview
vdh
um yeah Michael malice I would assume
that North Korea follows Michael malice
same thing
all right that's all I've got and I will
talk to you later