[Music]
hey everybody come on in it's time for a
coffee with Scott Adams that's why
you're here best part of the day yeah it
is it really is you think those parts of
the day where you're off having all
kinds of a dull are the best parts
but no no which it's right here this is
the best part
and all you need to participate is a cup
or a mug or a class a tanker cello sur
Stein a canteen jerger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee enjoyed me now with
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
Yetta the day the thing that makes
everything better
it's called the simultaneous it go
mm-hmm no that's how to do some social
distancing right am i right there's some
social distancing right there let's talk
about all the stuff in the news so over
in Italy I I saw a thread from I guess
was a doctor in a hospital over in Italy
where they're being hit hard with the
coronavirus and apparently it's Night of
the Living Dead bodies piling up
whatever's the worst you could imagine
that's happening in the Italian
hospitals right now because of the
corona virus meanwhile some as yet
publicly unnamed individual was shaking
hands at CPAC including with all kinds
of senators and politicians and we have
a president who's been shaking hands and
apparently he's still going to have his
rallies here's my opinion as of around
today this is sort of a tipping point
for me I think it's irresponsible to
have political rallies
because if you're looking at what's
happening in the other countries and you
really oughta because it's not good but
if you look at Italy for example they're
there in a world of hurt and it's
because the medical resources were over
up now there are people saying to me
Scott's got sucked
don't be so panicky because you know it
just affects old people and you know
most people are just gonna cold
well yes except that in Italy there's no
health care services anymore it's just
for one purpose their entire health care
system at least let the high-end stuff
you know where you've got a hospital it
just doesn't exist anymore so if you
break your leg in three weeks do you
know what your health care plan is in
the United States limp right if you
break your leg in three weeks in the
United States there's a good chance that
your health care solution will be the
limp because it won't be in health care
it might last for a couple months now
that's the situation in Italy and that's
a situation if we don't keep it under
control but will we keep it under the
code control it turns out the South
Korea is actually getting a handle on
theirs and they're not doing extreme
social distancing they must be doing a
lot of it but it's less extreme than
some other places so we do see some
progress in South Korea China allegedly
is getting a handle on it but we don't
know what that really means Japan is
doing better than Italy because they
have way more a lot more hospital
resources so Japan is not overrun yet
they're doing better but they're they're
having some issues there apparently I'm
hearing also from people in Japan the
social media is great because you could
hear individuals telling tell you what
their actual life is like
and there's one person in Japan who says
that there's plenty of goods in the
stores and people are just just
immediately went into extreme social
isolation and it seems to have worked so
here's what we know we know that extreme
social isolation is absolutely effective
and we know we're not doing it and we
know that the President of the United
States is modeling not doing it and the
people he's competing against to be the
next president are not doing it I don't
know how much longer we can put up with
that do you because let's let's put it
this way you know on one level you know
it's up to the president whether he has
a rally you know it's up to Biden it's
up to Bernie you know it's not up to us
is it no it's up to us it's not up to
them it's not up to them don't let it be
up to them
we're sort of in this together right the
president doesn't get this to decide to
have a rally and then there's a rally we
have to decide - all right everybody has
to decide or else there's no rally if
only one person decides there's a rally
and then there's a rally of one person
so I'm not sure we should continue to
allow and it allow is the right word
because we can stop it we can stop it
today I don't think we should allow our
our politicians to continue to do
rallies given that we know exactly what
works social isolation and we know
exactly what doesn't continuing business
as usual it's not a mystery anymore we
know and we know that if we don't get it
early it's going to get us so
I think it's completely irresponsible
and I would go so far as to say if we
have another week of rallies you know
maybe this week sort of an edge case but
if next week we're still doing rallies
we don't have anybody running for
president who's qualified to leave us at
least in this situation I let me say
that is directly as I can if President
Trump next week you know this week again
it's on the edge but by next week if
they're still doing rallies and things
are still worsening in the coronavirus
global situation none of them none of
them are qualified to be President
unfortunately that's my opinion so let's
talk about some other stuff the dumbest
thing that I hear in politics lately is
coming from Bernie Sanders and and
people who say the same thing and they
say that President Trump doesn't believe
in science now I don't think there's
anybody who doesn't believe in science
what does that even mean there's nobody
who doesn't believe in science now of
course they'll point to climate change
but that's because the the critics can't
tell the difference between economics
and science what President Trump called
a hoax he wasn't saying I'm a scientist
I've looked at the science blah blah he
was talking about the Paris agreement
and the the economic implications which
clearly were pretty sketchy now was that
I / believe who knows but you know we
can't read his mind but the point is
there there's no point at which the
president didn't believe in science
that's different than not believing the
scientists and it's different from
believing that scientists might have a
control of the science but no control of
the economic implications which are the
part you actually do something about you
know beyond inventing stuff so so it's
it is so dishonest to call anybody anti
science
it just bugs me more than other stuff
you know it's different than other lies
because you could say this person did X
maybe it's a lie maybe they did not do X
that's just a plain lie that's bad
enough but to blame somebody for doing
something that isn't a thing is sort of
like a double lie it's a lie on the
stupid it's something like blaming your
opponent for dematerializing and
traveling to another planet by his
thoughts and throwing the revolution on
the other planet and returning by
beaming himself back to the planet okay
that was a terrible example but the
point is it didn't happen and it is a
couldn't happen so blaming something for
something that doesn't even exist is
just the the height of political
stupidity and people are buying it all
right let's talk about Joe Biden because
I think we have to as the New York Times
put it I read this somewhere and I think
I'm Fox News site quote provident
Democrats began publicly began publicly
insisting that the ticket the Joe Biden
ticket included include a woman
preferably a black woman all right so
now it's being widely reported that the
important Democrat people want a black
woman on the ticket with Joe Biden well
who's that gonna be now some people say
no it can never become Harris because
she attacked them at the debate well it
turns out there's a back story turns out
and I was just learning this in its
depth today I was aware of this story
that I'm gonna tell you but I didn't
know the depth of it it's the depth of
it that makes the difference
turns out the Carmel Harris and Joe
Biden's now deceased son Beau Biden were
really close and not just professionally
they were they were close they talked to
each other all the time they were both
attorney generals at different places
and and so she was sort of close to Joe
Biden because of that and apparently
they've rekindled whatever that was and
they got past whatever happened that's a
debate so does anybody doubt that she's
the first choice now are we at the point
where you know Stacy it's not gonna be
Stacy Abrams if it's Stacy Abrams I
don't know anything about anything
because I've watched her act and so weak
I can't believe that the the people in
charge you know the Democratic
leadership would allow that and I don't
think that's the winning formula anyway
so he says okay you were right in the
comments that's all I wanted to hear I
would like to remind you that I made the
most ridiculous prediction you've ever
heard the first ridiculous prediction
was that I could pick the the candidate
back in 2018 when there were lots and
lots of people running and I peered into
the crowd and I said I think it's gonna
be Connell Harris and then when she what
she's suspended her campaign this is the
fun part I said I still predict it will
be Kabul Harris what would be a weirder
prediction than predicting the person
who dropped out of the race was going to
get the nomination was that the most
unpredictable prediction you've ever
heard in your life well let's see if it
happens I think everybody would agree at
this point if whoever the vice president
pick is is going to be the shadow
president so I'm technically wrong and
you know my predicted bet I lost money
because they're they're very specific
what it means to be the you know the
presidential candidate obviously but in
effect I can't I got this right I think
it's looking that way now if she doesn't
get nominated I'm wrong just flat-out
wrong but if she does it would be my
best prediction of all time I'm pretty
sure here are some things that
are saying about Joe Biden dr. Jill
Stein you know her for ruining Hillary's
chances because she was working with the
Russians no not really
that's what people are saying and she is
so she ran in 2016 and got some votes
and people say it's safe and them away
from Hillary probably did and so Jill
Stein is out was saying directly that
Joe Biden has you know mental decline in
public did I mention it's dr. Jill Stein
medical doctor Jill Stein
harvard-trained medical doctor Jill
Stein is saying in public okay now it's
just obvious I'm paraphrasing but
basically she's saying she's kind of
implying that you don't need to be a
medical doctor to see this I tweeted
another medical doctor and I've been
reading some other folks weighing in who
are actual experts at working with
dementia patients and Alzheimer's people
or at least they say they're on Twitter
you can never be hundred percent sure if
anybody is who they say they are but
people who are professionals are saying
in public unabashedly that it's obvious
there's a problem now do you remember
when people are saying this about Trump
and do you remember the there was just a
tremendous blowback from medical
professionals as they should to say whoa
you know medical ethics medical ethics
we do not diagnose people who are not
our patients you don't diagnose people
you haven't met haven't examined never
there's no ever period you do not
diagnose from a distance well do you let
me give you an example suppose you were
a doctor
somebody showed you a picture of
automobile accident and there was a
headless body over here and then a very
clear picture the
no doubt or what what you're seeing the
actual head which has been severed ten
feet from the body the doctor sees this
picture and the person on the scene says
what should we do doctor should we give
them CPR and the doctor looks at the
picture and says no I'm not there but I
think it would be unnecessary to give
CPR because you see the head is not
actually attached to the body probably
dead no certainly death because head is
not attached to the body now would that
be an ethical failure because the
doctors not there the doctor has not
examined the patient the doctor is
simply just looking at a picture would
that be unethical
no because the head is missing it's
obvious you don't have to be a doctor a
person with that the head is dead and we
haven't reached that point with Joe
Biden where he's a headless corpse but
we have reached the point where medical
professionals are willing to say in
public okay just look am i right we've
crossed that line where it's no longer
medically unethical for a working
professional a medical professional to
say in public yeah just look at that
that's obvious that's a big deal because
the medical profession did not cross
that line with Trump am i right and when
somebody did the other medical
professionals poured in and said whoa
too far you know and people walked it
back a little bit and tried to try to
tap-dance well you know I'm not saying
for sure that sort of thing but we're
not seeing that this time it's
differently all right did you see the
video of the Biden rally you know wish
there were some protesters I forget what
they were protesting but they held a big
sign up and Joe got a little flustered
did you see how he handled it
if you want to see who is not going to
be your next president you have to watch
that video watch Joe Biden try to not be
Trump because Trump would have said hey
get those bums out of here and the
security would take him out and and and
Trump would tell jokes and the the crowd
would love it it would be part of the
show that's the way Trump handles it how
did it Joe bad Biden and late' well he
needed to be different so he had to
handle it in some way that's not Trump
like so he starts saying that's all
right let him go he'll leave him there
and as you say that the security guards
are coming in and grabbing the guy and
then Joe Biden taking control of the
room it's like okay just let him go he
says this is in the Trump rally we don't
need to do that just let him stay let
him stay
and here's the funny part the security
guards absolutely ignored him it was
like he wasn't there and these big beefy
security guards just grab these guys and
lock them up and just start dragging
them out of the room you know on their
feet but they're they're pulling him out
and you watch him and Joe is even as
that being taken out by DISA
it's alright yeah just just leave him
there and I thought I was seeing in my
mind like like one of those expired what
he called it a dandelion when it's just
the little white stuff that blows away
in the wind in the old day of the line
it looked like an old dead line up there
and the other died the dais just there
was nothing there
there was no leadership there was no
power there was no control it didn't
look like he was in control of himself
much less the room he did not control
the room and Wow is it obvious it is so
obvious that there's no leadership skill
there whatsoever then you could I don't
know how you could watch that and then
vote for him it that'd be hard all right
see what else we got here
well looks like Russia is trying to
attack the United States with oil prices
so I'm learning a little bit more about
this situation so if you're not up on it
it goes like this so every country that
produces oil produces it at a different
cost partly because the technology they
use and partly because of how they're
getting the oil so it's expensive to get
it in a shale it's less expensive some
other ways Russia as it turns out both
through investment and luck about the
type of oil they have has maybe the
lowest possibly the lowest production
costs or it's right in that category
somewhere and they've decided to start a
price war because the US shale business
in particular had been so good that it
was taking market share from Russia and
everybody else and we we replaced Russia
as the biggest producer so Russia wants
to find out how to get his money back
when oil prices are low were already low
so Russia was already in trouble because
prices were low ish but they decided to
go right at OPEC and Saudi Arabia by
lowering them and starting a price war
which Saudi Arabia immediately matched
so we're in a price war and if the price
war continues it will bankrupt the shale
producing parts of our energy industry
which is pretty big it's going to
bankrupt them and this is really
aggressive because the intention of
Putin according to the people who know
what they're talking about his intention
is to bankrupt them it's actually a
direct obvious you know nobody's hiding
the plan but it's all legal because it's
business right in business you're
allowed to do whatever you want if it's
legal it's legal and and lowering your
prices is completely legal if Russia can
do it they can do it so they're going to
take out our shale business which is a
continuation of this theme which you've
seen under Trump which is that all wars
that can
the core let me say that again I would
say that the trumpet doctrine which has
never been named that I'm just going to
name it that myself let's call it the
Trump doctrine of war or the Trump war
doctrine
now of course I'm putting I would be
putting words into his mouth so this
this is not coming from the president or
anything like it but by observation I
would say that Trump believes that all
wars economic war and that if you simply
treat the economics as the war well it's
the war so so Russia basically just
declared war on the United States but I
think we declared war on them first by
taking over their primary business now
here's the problem a lot of smart people
think the price of oil may never go up
high again because there's just so much
of it and we're so good at getting it
and you know the economy is slowing down
this year anyway and you know then
there's green energy energy we've got
new developments in nuclear power etc
coming online all the time but the
problem is that Russia's income is
selling weapons and oil pretty much you
know Russia is sort of like a a criminal
enterprise this sells oil and weapons
and if they can't sell oil and weapons
and make money the whole country's in
trouble and guess what they can't do
right now sell weapons and oil and make
money so the only two things that they
can do that because there's not a major
war that most of the big war seem to be
winding down now I don't know this for
sure but it seems like that would be bad
for the arms business the Russian arms
business now it could be that they have
a robust business even in peacetime as
people are you know arming up I don't
know the details there but I have to
think that a peaceful world is bad for
Russia because they sell arms and
obviously the oil situation would just
put them out of business if it stayed
low so this is a really really big
change coven and it gets it kind of
speaks to this question which I've been
asking for a long time which is why are
we enemies with Russia you know I've
been saving this forever why don't we
just say hey Russia you know if we get
along
we're both we're both better off it's
obvious so let's just get along you can
see we do it with their other allies
when we get along with them we all get
rich when we don't get along we don't so
let's just get along then I always
wonder why wouldn't that work with
Russia and I think we just got the
answer the answer is they can't sell
their oil if we're selling our oil to
the same people in other words Russia
can't really coexist with the United
States being a gigantic oil producer
because they need all of that money to
stay alive so I'm not sure that they can
be our economic partner because they
have to compete with us so directly it's
way more directly than other countries
compete with us and on that important
industry the energy so maybe there's
there's nothing we can do there where
the Russia will just always be enemies
until one of us gets out of the oil
business I guess I think it comes down
to that so I think Russia well let me
say it directly based on the current
trajectory of things the Russian state
is doomed right because they can't
survive low gasp oil prices and it
doesn't look like anything is going to
change the low oil prices so that
doesn't mean that they were actually do
because people are pretty good at
scrambling and surviving and doing what
they need to do but the trajectory for
Russia is do just if nothing big changes
and I don't see anything being this
going to change so that's a big problem
might become flexible but it might make
them the opposite Gavin Newsom did
something that shocked and amazed me
yesterday the governor of California
much maligned much criticized governor
and you know for context there are
people like me you've been saying
critical things that is the homeless
situation and nuclear energy and some
other things but with this coronavirus
stuff he was giving a press conference
Gavin Newsom was and he was asked
whether President Trump and the
administration are helping him and he
gave an unabashedly positive response
and essentially said everything that
we've asked them for they everything
they promised they did which is a big
thing to say in politics it was very
clearly supportive of the
administration's efforts on coronavirus
and and it wasn't a hedged you know it
would be easy for a politician to say
well you know for once they're doing
something right you know to kind of
hedge it or to say you know well we're
not getting everything you know want to
keep the pressure on but we're getting a
lot that would have been easy to say but
he didn't he didn't gavin newsom stood
in front of the world and he said that
the that the federal government is
absolutely doing everything he needs
everything he's asked for and i thought
to myself that's some good leadership
there okay I like to I like to play a
fair you know because I've criticized
this guy quite a bit I'm not sure he
needs to be our mayor I'm sorry I'm not
sure he needs to be our governor much
longer but this was really strong
leadership that was exactly what I
wanted to see him say to make me feel
the way I needed to feel and do the
things I need to do he made me feel that
the government is effective and I'm sure
that there must be tons of little
hiccups and problems and they don't you
think that the reality is that things
never move as smoothly as the
politicians say when they say things are
good well but just for him to come out
and give this little bit of positive
reinforcement that the government's in
the state is working well together was
powerful it was useful it was right it
was good for the common
it was not political it was pure
leadership and I appreciated it so thank
you gavin newsom great job there's some
a bunch of free technology platforms for
people who are going to work at home so
you've seen the and again this is this
is beautiful and inspiring to watch that
the country the United States the
citizens are just sort of jumping in and
saying what can I do and you're seeing
the tech companies do this and I I
tweeted around a list of technology
platforms that are good for working at
home like Dropbox and WebEx and those
guides so if you're if you're in a
company and you've been just been told
to work at home and you don't know what
all the good tools are for doing that
you know how do you share files and how
do you work remotely and stuff look at
my Twitter feed for the list of Twitter
platforms that are free they're free
during the crisis so you got that going
on all right so let me give you an
update on D monetization and YouTube so
I am yesterday that I'd learned from
from Google so this what I'm going to
say now is not my opinion or a guessing
this is actually from my contact at
Google who who is the right person for
this not just an employee at Google but
the person who does this job who is my
contact and I've been assigned this
contact because I was complaining about
D monetization and they were d
monetizing any reference to coronavirus
and I believe they still are but they
have now they've been they've stated
publicly now that they recognize that
that's an issue because most of the
coronavirus coverage is people trying to
be helpful
all right I'm doing nothing talking
about coronavirus except trying to be
helpful
so the d monetizing has two impacts but
one of them is Louisville I'm a little
uncertain of
so my Google contact told me yesterday
something that I believe I don't
understand correctly or I disagree with
or there's something going on that I
need to figure out but anyway she said
that deep monetizing doesn't change how
many people see it but I'm almost
positive that's not true so I'm gonna
verify that and I think maybe we're
talking about different things because
here's here's what what I believe to be
true I believe that their recommendation
engine favours monetized content because
why wouldn't it right why wouldn't it
favor its own monetized comments yeah if
it's going to suggest things for people
to see things which are monetized are by
definition the things that are you know
great for YouTube right somebody says
there are thieves but I don't I don't
think there's any evidence that ads are
playing that people are not getting paid
for I don't think that's going on I've
I've not seen any evidence of that I
think they either show ads or don't show
ads they don't show the ads of them keep
the money that's the opposite of it
wouldn't make sense that the reason that
Google do you monetize those things is
on behalf of their advertisers if Google
made all the decisions with nobody else
giving input they would monetize
everything why the heck wouldn't they if
they're gonna allow the content on their
platform at all of course they would
monetize it if they could so be careful
about who's who's Google making a
decision and who's the advertisers
making a decision I have confirmed does
the experience I'm having is identical
to what David Pakman is experiencing on
YouTube I just saw an update from him
and his experience he's he's a
anti-trump left leading guy and his D
monetization experience is identical to
mine so if you're thinking oh Scott
Scott's got they're blaming the
advertisers but really it's Google
that's doing it mm-hmm
there's no evidence of that the evidence
that the Liberals and the Conservatives
are both being demonetised because of
the content if you mentioned politics or
coronavirus is just automatic so we're
trying to work through that but there
appears to be no solution to that as far
as I can tell somebody says it's both
the advertisers in the Google bias
that's the speculation that I don't see
evidence of it but I neither could I
disprove it can't prove a negative
somebody says Google has proven to be
biased in search engines yes but this
isn't search engine seized so I'm not
saying they're not biased I'm just
saying I don't have any evidence that
would lead me to say that given that
liberals and conservatives are both
affected what's going on with your show
with Christina we have a be tested that
and rejected it so Christina and I were
going to do do a separate you know the
thing with the two of us and we we
filmed a few and played it back to see
if we liked what we saw and we just
didn't enjoy doing it enough so I think
if it had been bad but we loved doing it
we probably would have done it until we
could do it well but it was bad and we
didn't love doing it a lot of it has to
do with just two people trying to
schedule the same thing at the same time
and agree on it and it it just added the
level of relationship complexity that we
didn't need so we tried it said that's
always my strategy my strategy is if you
don't know give it a try worst thing
that happens is you get embarrassed and
you don't do it oh but separately
Christina will be producing more piano
solos so she's she's working on her
working on her repertoire building up
her number of songs so every day I go
downstairs and she's practicing Chopin
and she's working up two lists
I guess he's our as one to play
so yeah geez she's super gifted watch
watching a christy to play Chopin which
I've just learned is among the hardest
of all pieces to play it's really
remarkable I just look at it I go I
don't know I don't know how anybody
could do that it just seems impossible
somebody says Corona Beauty wedding well
here's the thing we were you know we're
engaged and we're talking about our
wedding plans so we have not finalized
anything but of course all of our plans
were built around some kind of travel
and one of the main places that were
planning to travel this year or at least
I was I was going to tell her about that
later but was Italy and Italy of course
is off the list as is travel basically
so uh here's the good news here's the
good news
this Pronovias is bad for extroverts but
it's not bad for everybody if you know
what I mean introverts and people who
didn't like crowds anyway are just
saying are you serious I just got an
excuse for being exactly the way I want
to be anyway and the answer is yeah you
did you just got an excuse for being
exactly the way you wanted to be any way
which is stick to yourself keep your and
keep your numbers low so we don't have a
plan yet but you are right it probably
will be a coronavirus wedding which
means do you know that awkward part
where you don't know to invite I think
we might be able to avoid the awkward
part where you don't know who to invite
because that's coronavirus well if I
will invite nobody or just a few people
anyway we'll work that out
yeah introverts are kind of winning in
this I have to admit that I'm I'm sort
of a converted introvert I would say
that I'm genetically inclined
to introversion and I like lots of lots
of a long time I need lots of a long
time I need hours every day where I
don't see other people or else I get a
little squirrely so I have a periscope
wedding oh my god that's a good idea
that's a good idea I don't think I could
convince Christina but I'd do it if it
were up to me I'd do it I don't think
there's any chance she would agree to it
but that is a damn good idea I'll bet
you yeah I bet you good to see a bunch
of video weddings right because nobody
wants to go infect all their own
relatives that's the worst thing in the
world so like I said I'm gonna be
enjoying my alone time I think I'm gonna
have to really the experience in Italy
which was really scary I think I'm gonna
be doing a lot of social distancing I
told you that it's helpful to have a
project so if you two are going to be
social distancing and I hope that you do
you should have a project and the
project is not something you're working
on all the time but just something you
have as a you know a fun thing that you
want to improve a system you're working
on and in my case I've decided to work
on my arms it and again it doesn't
matter what it is just something you
always wanted to do that you wouldn't
have had time to do before because in
your busy life but now you're gonna be
home a lot so by my oh my good my goal
is I'm going to try to work on my
muscles so you can look at it before and
after so I'm telling you now that three
months from now since I'll have so much
time in my home gym I hope to make a
muscle and it's bigger and then I'm
going to say huh well I was locked up
for three four three months but look at
these guns now of course that's a vein
and not very important objective you
might want to learn language you might
want to pick up a skill take it take it
online in class
but take advantage of it because I'm not
entirely sure we're worse off by by
pulling back and maybe you know having a
little alone time maybe learn to
meditate I hear that's good for your
your body all right
you could periscope and what so the the
age Act program yeah I think I'll just
be doing my own thing here working on
yoga writing math and quilting very good
very good so I think we'll you know I'm
inch sized I don't know I'm just looking
at just looking at your comments all
right thanks for the comments and I will
talk to you later