ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba button hey
everybody come on in here yeah it's time
for a coffee with Scott Adams as luck
would have it that's me
you found me and I found you take a seat
grab a beverage you're ready for the
highlight of your day the part that
makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous simple and
I think is well-named
because of the simultaneity of the
sitting and all you need to participate
it's very simple all you need is a cover
of our glasses dying to tell us detector
thermos last canteen Grail goblet a
vessel very controlling with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now al you grifters
join me now for the simultaneous scent
so I'm laughing because somebody
somebody called me a grifter in the
comments which is a running joke because
grifter is a funny word so so after I
talked about how effective the word
grifter is and the left has been using
it for just any anybody who supports the
president anybody in the administration
so I started using it against my critics
yesterday it didn't matter what they
said or what the topic was
I just called them a grifter I left it
that it completely stops the argument
well argue in our discussion it's like a
grifter gonna hear you grifter and they
just go away
[Laughter]
it's a more powerful word that I thought
it's a funny word too so it's sort of
like deplorable we're all grifters now
so let me tell you the dumbest thing
that my critics say and they say it
often and it goes like this I will say
something about the president doing
something right that often other people
are saying it's the very
he did wrong fairly typical in my world
and somebody will come in and they will
say well let me bring him Dale to do it
right they'll say this you support the
president no matter what he does you
support him no matter what he does
because matter what he does you just
will support him and see to which I say
to my trolls how much of the full body
of my work are you even familiar with
it's almost always somebody who saw one
or two tweets and they're like well I
saw one or two tweets I have the full
measure of the man I can see this
cartoonist in her mind I've looked at
all the nooks and crannies I can see the
fullness of his opinion and weirdly he
supports everything the president does
all of it there's nothing the president
does he doesn't support and you heard
this again from or you hear versions of
it and actually Jake Tapper had a
version of it that he'll see people
talking about on the Internet and he
said that one of trumps advantages is
that he has quote an army of trolls who
will defend him no matter what he does
now that's probably pretty close to the
truth he does have an army of trolls I
say that affectionately you know the
same way that I would I would call you
all deplorable
you know we're all trolls were all
deplorable in some sense so that's I
think that's true that an army of trolls
will defend him no matter what but
here's the thing it really is it no
matter what really let me give you some
hypotheticals let's say president Trump
nominated for the Supreme Court a
liberal would all of his troll army
rushing to support him
I'll think so how about if he started a
war probably not suppose he raise your
taxes I don't think so suppose the Yukon
in the toilet no don't think would be
supporting that suppose you could go
down the line now I asked me if I
support the president's health care plan
I don't know what the hell it is so now
I don't ask me if I support every single
thing the president has said or done no
because I'm not an idiot
what is wrong with the people on the
left that they actually believe the
people on the right would support him no
matter what he does there's no evidence
of that it's the most ridiculous claim
of all time what is true is that his
troll army I've been called a general in
the troll army I accept that
characterization what is true is that
when he is falsely framed for something
or what he did isn't terribly important
in the larger scheme of things his troll
army will go in and try to set things
right either by showing it's unimportant
yeah it's just a joke what usually or
that he did it right and it's being
reported that he did it wrong so that
exists for sure but what doesn't exist
is you'll support him no matter what he
does do you support him no matter what
he does there's nothing like that going
on it's like you it's like anybody would
say that has never met a conservative
the last thing a conservative would do
is support anybody no matter what they
did that's like the opposite of what who
they are they're like their very
identity is we like this set of things
we don't like this other side of things
if you do this set of things we like
well we like you if you do this other
side of things we don't like might be a
problem might be a revolution so nothing
could be more opposite of reality than
thinking that the Trump supporters would
support him no matter what he does I
think he started that himself with the I
could choose somebody I'm should have a
new thing and I think that the Democrats
we believe that was actually true let me
say this is clearly as I can if
President Trump shoots an innocent
person on Fifth Avenue or really
anywhere else probably I'm not going to
support that I feel confident that if he
murders somebody while in the office of
the presidency probably won't be in
favor of that all right
fun news Boris Johnson over in the UK I
just announced they're funding nuclear
fusion fusion I say not fission fission
fission fusion the kind that runs
forever and it's clean and it's just
self-sustaining and doesn't produce
waste well that kind of doesn't quite
exist so he's funding obviously the
development of it 220 million pounds is
that enough to get you there
no but there's a lot going on in the
world in the United States and two there
are a number of companies working on
nuclear fusion did I drink my coffee yet
I think I did yeah okay all right so
here's some updates about the Ukrainian
story so the fog of war is starting to
you know dissipate right so like every
story that we hear the first version of
the story almost always falls apart it
doesn't matter who's telling the story
or what it's about if it's about
politics and all the networks are
chattering about it it's probably gonna
fall apart in about 48 hours so here are
some of the things that have fallen
apart on this Ukraine story number one
and this is my favorite part
Ukraine was not aware that their funds
were on hold
can we just that that should be the end
of it right I
if that's the true statement and that's
the reporting I mean you know the
Republicans are saying it I suppose you
need to make sure
this is true but the latest is the
Ukraine was not aware that their funds
were on hold is there anything else you
need to say about the story if that's
true and I'd like to see a little more
reporting just to be comfortable it's
true but if that's true doesn't it all
go away right away probably not because
that's not how the world works here's
another thing we found out so you know
how people were saying the whistleblower
didn't have direct knowledge he had
indirect knowledge he order from other
people apparently the rules on
whistleblowers just got changed just
recently got changed to allow secondhand
information hearsay if you will to be
allowed for a whistleblower kind of
convenient isn't it just recently
changed hmm now that could be a that
could be a coincidence because there
there is such a thing as coincidence
things are changing all the time well
why wouldn't that would have changed but
you have to ask yourself mm-hmm okay
and I think it was Sean Davis who tried
to find out about these secret revisions
to the whistleblower law and he said
when asked via phone when the secretive
reasons were made and why about the
requirement for a first day and
whistleblower knowledge why was that
eliminated and intelligence community
spokesman said they would not comment on
any questions about the secret evidence
revisions what why wouldn't you comment
about that why would that be a secret I
mean I don't know why would that be a
secret there doesn't there's nothing
about that that sounds like you should
be a secret they had a rule about
whistleblowers they tweaked the rule in
a specific way and I wouldn't even say
it's a bad tweak would you I'm not
entirely
sure it's bad to prevent I I don't think
it's bad that a whistleblower has that
flexibility to say I heard it from the
guy who knows that feels like actually a
pretty good rule because you you know
once the whistle has been blown you know
you still have to go talk to the people
who were in the room you know you're not
done just because somebody said they
heard it from somebody but as a place to
start you know as a starting point to
look into something seems perfectly
reasonable you would never want to use
the whistleblowers hearsay as your final
evidence that would be crazy because
you're saying is inadmissible as as
you're saying in the comments but
certainly as a tip for something to look
into it seems kind of reasonable so
since this seems kind of reasonable why
wouldn't the intelligence agencies want
to tell us why and when they made the
change makes you wonder
but again could be a coincidence and
maybe they just it's also possible they
just don't comment on stuff like that so
you don't want to read too much into a
lack of comment because it can mean
other things it can mean and I talked
about this and my book loser think
available for pre-order now and getting
lots of good early comments but I talked
about the most likely explanation for a
lot of things in our complicated world
the most excellent the most likely
explanation for anything in the news is
and I quote myself things you couldn't
imagine how often have you said to
yourself well there are only two
possible explanations it's either this
one or that one and then when the truth
comes out you're like oh I guess there
was a third explanation I never would
have thought of that one it is common in
this world that the most like that the
most common explanation for things is
the one you didn't even know was an
option so always keep that in mind so
you got that
I love the fact that Ukraine might not
have known that the funds were even on
hold that's just the best all right
Bill Maher turned on 100 Biden and
actually sat on his show that if one of
the Trump Sons if Don jr. had done what
hunter Biden did that Rachel Maddow
would be all over it
he's right now I've said this a number
of times but Bill Maher he might be the
canary in the coalmine this is probably
a bad analogy right I've said before
that there aren't many people in the
public eye especially pundits who would
even be slightly possibly in your
wildest imagination could ever change
their allegiance or preference for a
president you saw a scare Moochie do it
but I think that's a special case you
know these scaramouche he has his own
interests and he's part of the political
world Maher is sort of an observer of
the political world and you've seen him
support things on both sides he is
uniquely capable of changing his mind
and that makes him sort of a national
treasure even if you're hating
everything he says all right I say I
would say the same thing about people
like let's say Joe Rogan I think Joe
Rogan again he's not like in the
political world he's an observer of a
rare a rare personality type in the
public sphere
not that he will hasten to change his
mind on anything in particular I'm just
saying he could there very few people
who can't yeah Glen Glen Greenwald I
would say I disagree with Glenn
Greenwald as often as I agree with him
but unambiguously true he is capable of
having an opinion on either side very
err neroli you you could probably count
on one hand all the people that you're
in the public eye who could even do that
it's a very rare quality so when you see
Bill Maher you know sort of side on the
essentially siding for one point point
of the GOP point of view the the hunter
Biden's the thing looks a little
suspicious you can see him starting to
it's almost like we're watching him in
the process of saying did I get this
wrong now not reading his mind so this
is me looking on the outside and trying
to guess what he's thinking so I'm not
gonna say that I can tell what he's
thinking that would be dumb but on the
outside looking in as an observer I'm
starting to see bread crumbs of somebody
who is starting to see the insanity of
his own side as soon as he starts to see
that in clearer focus you might see
something really interesting coming at
Omar and you know his biggest issue has
been climate and here's something that
he's discovering recently he is because
we all discovered it recently it's not
now something he discovered uniquely but
watching the Democrats back in nuclear
power watching Bill Gates bakit watching
Yang bakit and watching Cory Booker you
back it and even Biden Biden backing it
and hearing people say you know this
would work it actually would be enough
it's not the only thing we should do I
mean I'm I'm in favor of going hard at
every green solution that we can come up
with nuclear being one of them but you
know that Maher is paying attention and
you know that he's noticing that both
the Democrats and the Republicans are
both learning to coalesced on a
perfectly feasible approach which is the
new versions of nuclear
energy which are safe compared to really
any other alternate source of energy at
least as far as we can tell they're
safer on average than every other source
of nuclear energy including solar as I
said there are more people who have died
falling off roofs trying to install
their solar then all the people in the
world who have died from the new
generation of nuclear power plants which
have been around for a while as well so
the biggest issue form or at least in
terms of what we hear is really the
environment and I think he's saying the
GOP and the being on the right side of
it at least with the nuclear stuff
that's that could be the thing that tips
it let me let me say this even more
starkly if bill maher ever comes out
strong in favor of nuclear or if he even
just has an expert on his show who can
run him through how it's the solution to
climate change and he doesn't push back
too hard he should push back because
that's the nature of the show but if in
the end it looks like there's something
here and maybe combine that with
knowledge about the co2 scrubbing
technologies or a number of companies
developing things to scrub at nuclear
and there's even a new one today coming
out of University of Chicago they've
created what they call artificial leaves
that can remove far more co2 from the
air than an actual leaf and then on top
of that how many trees would we need to
plant to pretty much take care of
nuclear climate change
assuming climate change is a problem and
it turns out it's it's an actual doable
number that the number of trees we would
have to plant it's doable turns out now
here's what I'd love I'd love to know
how many plants each person's would have
to plant let me ask you this
person how many plants how many trees
would we have to plant to take care of
climate change because we've got 7
billion people is that one acorn apiece
if you if you sent me an acorn and I'll
just use acorn as a example of something
to plant a tree but there are better
trees probably them Oh trees but if if
everybody had one acorn and and the
rules were you just find a place to put
your acorn that's it here's your acorn
just walk out into the backyard or you
know public land or something just put a
little hole stick your acorn in it now
you're done I'm using acorn as an
example not that's that wouldn't be the
actual way you do it so add these things
together you know Bill Maher is paying
attention to climate and climate change
and and the environment as Esha it's an
excellent if you're gonna have one issue
this sort of like your you know your
signature issue that's a pretty good one
so you know he's paying attention you
know he's smart you know he is uniquely
capable of taking the other position
we're very close to the point where he's
gonna realize the Republicans are going
to get to nuclear and these scrubbing
technologies maybe faster maybe faster
than the Democrats what do you do then
it makes the it makes the Republicans
the party who has a way to take care of
climate change I think Bill Maher is
gonna be flirting with at least again I
don't want to put thoughts into his head
but given that he's a reasonable person
he is paying attention and these big
things are bubbling up they would show
him both Democrats and GOP agree that
the new technologies of nuclear really
are the way to go there's no way you can
ignore that at this point all right oh
here's the other thing we didn't know
about the Ukraine thing sorry I'm
bouncing back and forth
there's some reporting and again these
all are subject to fact-checking right
don't believe anything exactly on this
story but apparently the Obama
administration wanted Ukraine's
prosecutor fired in part because he
wasn't investigating Boris Ma the
company that hunter Biden was connected
to so apparently there's there's
actually a record of our ambassadors
speech in 2015
going hard at that prosecutor for not
taking on Purisima in other words the
entire story about Joe Biden is just
fake news so Joe Biden tried to get a
prosecutor fired
who everybody wanted fired so it seems
that the Joe Biden wants somebody fired
part is fake news the part that isn't it
apparently is not fake news as far as we
know is the hunter Biden had a sweet
deal that can't really be explained by
his resume that's sort of the part
that's the sticking part I haven't heard
him tried to explain it at all somebody
says that sounds like utter BS well keep
in mind that the people were saying that
the Obama administration wanted that
prosecutors fired keep in mind that
there's a speech by the Ambassador
saying exactly that so it's not somebody
speculating they read the ambassador's
speech and it says that all right if
that's fake news I'll be surprised but
not shocked I suppose you know nothing
shocking more but I'd be surprised let's
talk about China very quickly I think
China is done at least in terms of the
decoupling and here's what I mean
if you're a company that's operating in
China it's kind of hard to leave
you know they probably have their
tentacles in you you've got your supply
chain set up it would cost a billion
dollars to move anywhere there's
favorable this or that the employment is
good it's our it's hard to move out of
China let me ask you this what major
company in the United States what
American company could move into China
from this day forward when was the last
time you heard an American company
announced they were moving into China
with production I think it's over
because if you're an American company
what do you care about the most let's
say you're a sizable company I'm not
talking about you know some startup here
or there but if you're a major company
in the United States what do you care
about the most what you care about is
not making a mistake so existing
companies that are doing a fine and
we're profitable are mostly concerned
with not messing up now of course
they're working on their new product and
you know they're trying to sell stuff so
they're still growing and moving forward
of course but if they have an
established product they're probably
more concerned with not messing up what
would be the worst thing an American
company could do today the worst thing
an American company could do for its own
reputation is move into China move
production there when was the last time
you heard some of the announces they
were doing it if they're doing it
they're doing it quietly and I think
they'd be afraid of getting caught so
there might be a few people who maybe
had things in the pipeline for a long
time we're just staying under the radar
it's like yeah we are moving into China
but let's not talk about it let's just
sort of sneak in there under the radar
I'm sure that's happening but at this
point
China is corporate America poison
there's no company that would take the
hit of moving into China from this day
forward because we know about the Weig
ours
the Holocaust we know about what they're
doing to Hong Kong we know they're not
paying their sovereign debt from years
ago their their their bonds we know that
they're stealing IP we know that their
trade deals are crazy and we know that
they're sending fentanyl to this country
and killing tens of thousands of people
tell me which American brand which which
you know established American company is
going to move into that it's already
over here's a little economics lesson
for you
it's what this will be one of the most
useful things you ever hear you ready
it's the direction that counts now that
sounds like a trivial thing I just said
and it's gonna take you a long time to
understand how profound that are that is
where your economy is so we're talking
about the economic realm wherever things
are in any portion of the economy is
important it's important where things
are but you know it's really important
where they're heading if you had say a
million dollars but you were investments
we're losing two percent a year you're
getting poorer it's the direction that
matters the direction matters and the
direction for China in terms of American
companies moving in it's over there's
only one direction that will ever move
from this point on
assuming China stays China and becomes
you know is is toxic and impossible for
our brands to mesh with because it'll
ruin your brand so I feel as though the
job is sort of done I mean obviously
keeping the pressure on but I don't
think any American company could take
the hit at this point of moving into
China I think I think we could call that
assess now if you hear that there's an
American China an American company
making a new decision not one that they
had made long ago but a new decision to
begin
the process of moving production into
the United States let me know because in
my capacity as the Dilbert guy I'll see
if I can give them a really hard week I
promise you if you find me a major
American company that's just now talking
about moving into China I'll come down
on them like a frickin hammer and it
won't be fun for them no CEO wants that
kind of trouble so I think they're done
that is just about all I had yes I think
any company that moves into China at
this point is just a bunch of grifters
grifters I say somebody says Tesla is
moving into China the I I think there
probably are a variety of companies that
are so big and have something in motion
that that's going to be hard to change
but let me ask you do you think Elon
Musk wants to have production in China
you know if you were talking to him
privately
you said Elon do you regret I don't know
by the way I don't know what Tesla is
doing in China I'm just looking at your
comments some of you keep mentioning
Tesla like like they have production or
they're moving there but whatever they
have or don't have or planning to have
do you think privately that Elon Musk
would be happy about associating his
brand with China I don't think so
that would be like is there a worse
thing you can associate with right now
they have the worst brand of any country
that is sort of in the top 10 of
countries so somebody somebody says that
my mind reading
I'm not migrating I'm asking you you
have the question do you believe that if
you sat in a room with them and asked
them do you believe he would say oh yeah
I like I like associated my brand with
fentanyl China I mean he might
like you said I can't read his mind but
what are the odds what are the odds that
somebody's going to say yeah I like my
brand to be associated with a Weger
Holocaust the the complete you know
dishonorable way they're treating hong
kong who also associated with any of
that okay that's enough of that as
anybody have any questions because the
news is all about this stuff
somebody says we should airdrop handguns
into china yeah I don't know Oh
so some people online kept pointing me
toward a Michael Bloomberg interview in
which he seemed to be somewhat
supportive of China
I think he's said that chairman she was
not a dictator that's a little bit true
the Chinese system is sort of like a
corporation I've compared the Chinese
political system to a major corporation
and here's how that's true
a major corporation hires their CEO but
the Board of Directors can also fire the
CEO it is however often very hard
because the CEO can pack you know his or
her cronies onto the board and so the
board is really becomes just supportive
of the CEO so there's some risks but I
think Bloomberg is at least a little bit
right at least conceptually that the
Chinese system even though she is
appointed for life should he become
unstable or not get the job done I do
think that the Board of Directors you
know the the Communist Party that the
top leaders of the Communist Party the
oligarchs the people who have power just
below she they would do something about
it so he is he's a dictator so long as
he's getting the job done
and so long as probably he's
the courts with you know his cronies but
he's not he's not invulnerable I do
think the Chinese system would allow
that let's say he he lost his faculties
I don't think it would take long for him
to be replaced so that is an advantage
of the Chinese system and one of the
things that they are they're really good
at is they have a lot of engineers and
rational people in their government and
so they see the world in sort of
engineering ways and I think that
contributes to the fact that if they did
have a problem with their leader the
leader wasn't getting it done for China
I think they could get rid of him
without any bloodshed with just one day
we would hear there was gonna be a
change I think that's all here what's
with this Cristina and Scott scope so
Christina and I are planning something
very much very fun I don't want to give
it away yet because it'll be more fun if
you see it but it won't be you like a
normal YouTube channel and it won't be
like a normal pair of scope it's going
to be something more fun than that and
that's all I'll tell you we're working
on that maybe something by the end of
October because there's a whole bunch of
preparation work we've built out the
studio so I have the studio in this set
and the sound and the lighting all done
and we're going to do some test runs and
the we're going to have that little
higher production value than what you're
used to where can I get your book on
audio just go to amazon.com or anywhere
that one of your books are sold the new
one is available for pre-order somebody
says is the Lenski a better persuader
than Trump well probably not better but
he's certainly in the same class he
certainly asked that the skill stack etc
when will Jake let you do the show well
it wouldn't be you know Jake's Jake
Tapper's decision
to do that so CNN management
I've heard from my sources the CNN
producers don't care for me hard to
believe but my sources tell me not Jake
he's not my source to that but other
sources tell me that I'm not loved over
at CNN and it's hard to believe but Baba
can you two talk about how you met we
met a Safeway grocery store and she she
lived she lives nearby but bummer her
house is nearby let's say what's your
opinion on the Ukraine Treaty I don't
know about that you made fun of him to
to to to
all right I'm looking at your comments
here and if I see anything interested in
next moment I'll answer it or somebody
is heading to a thorium nuclear
conference all right yeah so all of the
some of you want to talk about Bill
pulled a and co2 vets and all that I'm
kind of not interested in that I'm just
not interested
let's just say there was some
misunderstandings back and forth some
feelings got hurt people said things I
don't know let's move on move on to
something better
somebody says why do you not liked
Warren well I've never said I didn't
like her what I've said is that she
doesn't have a chance of winning I think
the top three candidates the ones who
are polling at the top are the three
with the least two chance of beating the
president let me say that again the top
three people in the Democrats polls are
the three people least likely to beat
the president
I'll bet if you took the Democrat
polling and just turned it upside down
and you put the one-percenters at the
top they would actually have a good shot
it would actually have a shot yeah if if
you put let's say Delaney if you put
Delaney in the nomination he'd have an
actual shot Amy Klobuchar I don't know
she has some likability issues although
I like her but she's not connecting with
people I don't know what what's up with
that so I think Delaney could beat him I
think yang could be dumb who are the
others that you know the ordinary
governor's they would have a chance now
I don't think I I think I in the long
run I think the president would probably
prevail over anybody in the race but if
they want to have a shot Delaney is
probably the only shot they have Oh
Tulsi maybe Tulsi I think Tulsi would
have a shot yeah you know she might have
one of the better shots for some reason
Tulsi Gabbard has she has a lot of what
I call irrational support in other words
there's something about her her vibe or
her brand that does make people support
her in a way that doesn't seem connected
to her policies or anything and that's a
good thing so as a politician having
people sort of just want you to win
that's a good thing Harris continues to
demonstrate a complete lack of talent
now let me tell you the pathway for
Harris to win the nomination but not not
the general the pathway for Harris looks
like this
Bernie drops out and whoever is advising
Bernie or at least a few of them start
advising Harris and she pays attention
to him that
this probably Ola would take Harris's
problem seems to be that she either has
terrible advice or she's not taking good
advice
wouldn't you agree I don't know if
people can tell her to change her her
vibe can they tell her to stop laughing
at around jokes can't they tell her to
be interesting when she tweets it feels
like she's the NPC of of candidates
there's something completely empty about
the way she presents herself
it just seems empty there's just nothing
there it's almost like you're seeing a
you know a formless figure go by just
nothing that's catching on
whoever's advising Bernie and maybe
Warren - as long as soon as one of the
top three drops out it's going to free
up some advisors some of those advisors
are gonna you know spread off to
different people but Harris is
completely unadvised or she's not taking
advice my guess is that because she's a
lawyer and a senator she knows how to
take advice would you say wouldn't if
you had to pick one of these two
possibilities which one is it would you
say that Harris is getting really good
advice and she's ignoring it or somehow
can't execute it or do you think she's
not getting the advice which of those do
you think is more likely I think it's
more likely that she and hers and her
advisers never see things such as you
know this periscope yeah they they would
have their own little silo I don't think
they know what she's doing wrong
and I don't think they're telling her to
do anything differently if she ever got
somebody who could talk to her honestly
and say look your tweets are like
watching the grass grow just make them
interesting for a change and stop
laughing at yourself act calm
then smile make your points have some
catchy things that that you know people
can grasp on to make it more visual and
it would be easy
it would be easy to coach her up to the
big leagues it would take 24 hours in 24
hours you could turn her whole campaign
around if she listened and the advice
was good if it were good all right
that's about all I got to say and I I do
have a interesting surprise coming
I'll just tell you that there's a
surprise coming
it's a something you know about a story
that I've been talking about but has a
little surprise and I can't wait to tell
you I hope I can and maybe I won't be
able to but I hope I can and I'll talk
to you later