hey Edwin hey
Dan come on in
here you know it's going to be a big one
hey
Eric
um hey
everybody so you're probably watching
the news and you were wondering where is
is he where is he to come in here and
talk to us about this so Senator Collins
of main just
gave the best
speech I've ever
seen that's it it's the the it's the
best speech I've ever
seen
and
um so here's here's what I liked about
it let me turn off my my phone cuz it's
going to be beeping in a
second um what I liked about it was
first of all the moment was amazing so
the whole world was watching the stakes
were high there there was
anticipation there was maybe the senator
who couldn't go to the wedding with his
daughter If This Were A
Movie it might be a movie it might be
the sequel to the first movie which is
Trump getting elected but the this feels
like if this were the second movie in
that series getting Kavanaugh uh through
this process would be the would be sort
of the end of the second
movie so in terms of script and
cinematically and everything it was
amazing now I have to admit I didn't
know much about Senator Collins I
couldn't have even I don't even know if
I could put a a face to her frankly so I
didn't have any preconceived Notions I
just thought she was sort of one of the
you know the the medium important
Senators but maybe she's more important
based on this speech
and I thought that was just the best
speech I've ever seen I don't know who
wrote it but her delivery was excellent
I assume she was the primary primary uh
author of it on some level um but she
went through such an insanely
rational
explanation to sort of soften the blow
and she made us wait to the end although
it was obvious before the end which way
she was going to vote but she still made
us weight which was
amazing uh the fact that she was a woman
and it came down to you know at least
historically it's going to look like it
came down to one
woman which is perfect and she's one
woman who has voted
both ways so if there could have been a
more perfect moment and and a more
perfect person for that
moment you know it was it was just just
shockingly important and so but what I
wanted to talk to you about was this um
you've been watching my Periscope you
know that I uh have been predicting that
it would come down this way uh not so
much just the vote but that the the
principle of um innocent until at least
a little bit proven
guilty would be just the more important
uh thing to maintain now given this the
the entire context was about the Supreme
Court and the Supreme Court is really
you know the the top of the pyramid for
you know the legal system in general and
The credibility of it it was terribly
important and when you're talking about
um
when you're talking about uh uh you know
this Principle as basic as innocent to
proven guilty that has to take more
importance because of the the context
that it was about the court
itself so I've been teaching you that in
my my book wind bigley those of you who
have read it you know that my book wind
bigley which will be coming out in paper
back in about 3 weeks um I talk about
using the persuasion filter to PR
predict and in this case the persuasion
filter predicted this outcome and let me
tell you the details of that um very
briefly um I talk in the book in a few a
few different chapters I talk about
something called the uh The High Ground
maneuver so the idea is that if you take
the high ground and and everybody
recognizes it as The High Ground you end
up always winning it's sort of H the
only time you can guarantee you're GNA
win as if you've taken The High Ground
Now The High Ground you sort of
recognize it when you see it and in this
case The High Ground was the
Constitution and the principle of
innocent until proven guilty uh or as
Senator Collins put it more brilliantly
since it's not a court proceeding you
know you you not bound by that standard
but they're sort of inventing the
standard as they go and it made more
sense especially in the context of the
Supreme Court or nomination to stay
within a standard of fairness they had
passed every historical test all right
and so she she sort of took the uh
reasonable Middle Ground of more
probably true or more probably not she
worded it better but that's the basic
idea
and uh in so doing she set precedent
which was another major theme that she
talked
about um and and and she she rescued the
system so you watched a system that the
the founders had created you know
hundreds of years ago that was supposed
to be robust enough to you know take
some tweaking but basically remain
intact and the entire system was coming
off the you know people were thinking
anyway the way it felt was that the
wheels were coming off the system that
these accusations would be enough to
derail a process as revered as the
Supreme Court
nominations and my prediction was that
The High Ground is that the system had
to be protected and that the concept of
fairness and what it takes to derail
somebody's life you know the level of
evidence for that that's a standard that
nobody wants to set the wrong presedent
and so my prediction was that that was
an
impenetrable uh precedent as long as
there were enough Republicans who needed
some cover to to vote in that direction
now because I'm
not um you know I'm not uh I'm not blind
to politics obviously most Democrats
were going to go one way most
Republicans were going to go another but
what Collins did because she's a woman
that helped because that's what the you
know the the biggest issues seem to be
about at the Supreme Court um and
because her speech was just flat
out one of the most brilliant things the
best speech I've ever seen it was just
brilliant from start to finish um she
laid ground cover for any other
Republicans and for Joe Mansion who
wanted to come over and vote with the
Republicans as he's done before she
basically made it safe so she let she
basically carpet bombed every bad
argument you know just cleared cleared
all the enemy out of the village and
then you the other Republicans can sort
of parachute down and do their votes and
watch watch how Republicans from this
point on explained their vote there's a
smart way to do it in a dumb way the
smart way for Republicans to explain
their vote is not hey I'm a republican
so I vote Republican that would be the
bad way the good way is uh Senator
Collins speaks for me everything she
said I agree with
boom just leave it there and you have
you have as good a cover as you're going
to get now I'm not suggesting that the
uh you know the opposition is going to
roll over anything could happen between
now and the actual vote anything's
possible but it looks like Senator
Collins
did um an amazing
thing for for the constitution for the
country
um it was Brave she's going to take a
lot of a lot of heat for it of course
she would have taken a heat either way
but just one of the most amazing um you
know acts of patriotism of good
politics um you know it was one of those
moments when um you thought you you
thought everything couldn't get worse
you know didn't it seem like uh you know
democracy was just falling apart yeah
the the Constitution just was starting
to shake a little bit and it looked like
it looked like it was just you know
going to the dark
place and then she gives that
speech Yes it was uh it was an amazing
moment I couldn't stop I couldn't look
away I needed to do some other things
pretty badly um but I just couldn't look
away it was an amazing amazing thing all
right that's all I had to say about that
um I'd love to stay but I got other
things to do so I got to run I'll talk
to you later