well we're almost ready for the best
show you've ever seen it's going to be
lit just as soon as my comments
are
viewable which
happens
[Music]
[Music]
now good good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and if you'd like to take
your experience up to levels that nobody
can even understand with their tiny
shiny human brains all you need is a
cuper mug or glass a tanker gels or a
Stein a canteen jug or a flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dope mean of the
day the thing makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous Sip and
what going to happen now damn it join
me
oh you know Trump always talks about the
liquid
gold he's talking about oil in the
ground but no that coffee is the liquid
gold everything else is a bad
substitute now I'd like to invite my uh
drunken troll Jenny
uh every morning I have a a drunk named
Jenny who will come in and start
shouting in all caps something about
Battery
Technology because that's the most
important thing to shout about every
morning so we'll be waiting for that
that should happen any
minute Jenny where are you drunk Jenny
come on all right so here are some new
things are happening there's a uh
new medical technology that stops
bleeding like right away it's a gel so I
guess uh cralon is the name of it and
it's received FDA clearance so if you're
in a uh trauma situation and they can't
stop the bleeding apparently they can
just take this gel and just slap it on
and it immediately stops the bleeding
which is kind of
impressive we don't like bleeding less
bleeding all right here's what else is
happening this cool okay this could be
the end of human civilization but until
then how cool is this apparently there's
some kind of a revolutionary Quantum
Compass sort of thing that could replace
GPS or at least be a substitute for it
meaning that they've somehow
miniaturized a device which is so
sensitive if I understand this correct
if it knows where it starts it'll always
know where it ends up meaning that if it
knows where its starting point it can
tell that it went you know two feet in
one direction and how fast and all that
stuff so apparently it's so sensitive to
movement that it would replace
GPS now here's the good news and the bad
news the good news if you want to
develop a drone that can't be jammed in
its GPS well now you have the
capabilities the bad news is
when your enemy wants to make a drone
that you can't stop well here's the
technology to do it so it could be the
end of civilization or it could be just
a cool new technology so let's go with
that second
one Speaking of drones pentagon is
allegedly trying to create what Wired
Magazine calls it a hellscape of drones
to defend Taiwan so apparently we would
fill this guy with drones to protect
Taiwan which seems to me like the way
everybody's going to protect everything
eventually and also the way everybody's
going to attack everything now let me
see if
Taiwan had all the manufacturing might
of the United
States blah and plus Taiwan to make
these drones to protect Taiwan but they
would be going up against the entire
manufacturing base of
China to hope that they had more drones
and better drones than the other
team I don't know I think I'd bet on
China if it's a drone War you don't
think China can be everybody else's
drones just by quantity
alone
I but uh it's the weirdest thing that
we're why in the world are we defending
Taiwan
I I don't really understand it like I I
guess it's because we said we would
because if we really wanted just the
chips all we would have to do is say to
China I've got a deal for you you let us
have the chip
manufacturing and you can have the
island but of course we're not going to
do anything so weasly as that because
there are allies or
something but uh the absurdity of
Defending a tiny island off of China
which has a 100% chance of being part of
China eventually I don't know how long
it'll take but there's not really any
chance that we'll be independent forever
it's just too close to China there's no
way that they're going to stay
independent but we wish the Taiwan
Taiwanese people the best so we don't
want them to have a bad time of it if
they get absorbed by China but you know
it feels like all China would have to do
is improve their government government
and Taiwan would say you know what yeah
that looks pretty good they make us part
of
that so it's going to happen eventually
might take 200
years um according to
Vox uh people are falling in love with
ai's voice you where they have these
little chat apps now you know that uh I
tried out one of the early AI chat apps
and it just sort of didn't work that
well you know it took a while to answer
and it could only answer certain things
and it would forget about you from one
time you talked to it to the next and it
really wasn't satisfying and
still it was kind of
addictive so if there's one thing I can
teach you about predicting the future if
there's a product that's bad and you
still crave
it that's going to be big you know just
the way cell phones were terrible at
first but boy did we want them just like
fax machines if you're old enough to
remember they used to be
terrible that you know the paper would
get jammed up every kind of problem but
the demand was through the roof so for a
while faxes were big same with computers
same with everything so AI is sort of
like that and these AI chat friends are
the best example of that where people
already like it a lot and it's terrible
I mean it's barely a product I use chat
GPT I think it fails about 60% of the
time just think about that imagine any
product that fails 60% of the time I
mean just anecdotally it's what it feels
like to me and that you would still
crave
it just imagine that fails 60% of the
time that's what it feels like that
that's not any kind of you know
scientific number but what I mean is you
know I'll turn on the chat part and I'll
I'll try to talk to it and it'll answer
the first question fine and then the
very next one it acts like it doesn't
know how to understand voices or
anything and it's very consistent that
it doesn't work more than one or two
times and then it just craps out now I
guess the new version which is already
being rolled out is solving those
problems so that's how a bad cell phone
becomes a good cell phone Etc so the
fact that I crave it in its terrible
form suggests that when it's working
which is right around the
corner it's going to be really big so I
think the number of people falling in
love with
AI is really going to be
underpredicted so Scott will make the
following prediction whatever you think
is the maximum number of people who will
form a close relationship with an
artificial intelligence you're
wrong it's way more than that so if
you're saying to yourself well you know
and of every hundred people that can't
be more than two people who would fall
in love with the Ai No it may be it
might be
80% so if you're guessing 2% I'm going
to go with
80% maybe not the next version but by
the version after that
so big trouble there in reproduction and
but maybe it answers a bunch of
questions too you know maybe it solves
your uh
loneliness it might maybe it solves your
loneliness but it might make it worse
who knows anyway the UK is uh releasing
5,000 prisoners to make room for
anti-immigration
protesters
what at the end wokeness account is
reporting this on x
so the BBC is reporting that uh they'll
have to get rid of one person who's
already in jail in other words release
somebody who was legally jailed in the
UK so that they have room to put in a
new person because you don't want these
anti-immigration people to just be able
to get away with it because the the
jails are all full so you're going to
have to get rid of some some people who
did other crimes so you can make sure
that whatever you do you get those anti-
immigration protesters in
there so the UK is basically Fallen I
would never visit there I'm not even
sure why they're allies at this point
and remember the European Union is
trying to stop free speech in
America
so Putin
isn't now I'm not pro Putin but so I'm
just telling you how bad the European
Union is the European Union is actively
trying to block X and other social media
companies and make them uh make them
agree to the censorship that the
Europeans want on an American
company and Americans as well so I would
say that we're under attack by Europe in
a very basic way because if they're
trying to take away freedom of speech in
America well you know that's taking
everything because all the other stuff
Falls after that so no Europe consider
myself basically at war with you is that
too
far I mean there there's no bullets
being fired or or likely to be fired but
you know if it were an economic War
you'd call it a
war right if if Europe tomorrow said
we're going to boycott every economic
thing you're doing in America you'd call
that kind of a war so if they try to end
our Free Speech which is the key to
ending basically everything in America
that you like
it feels like a war to me so I consider
myself at war with the European Union at
least um all right the uh Democratic
national conventions kicked off there
are of course Mass protests from the pro
Palestinian
protesters rumored to be maybe a 100,000
people will show up I don't know but uh
what would you do if you were the
Democrats and you had to protect
yourself from people coming from the
outside who don't belong and that are
going to cause
trouble well it looks like they decided
that uh building walls requiring
identification and having a strong
police presence are the only way to stay
safe that's
right now at first I was resisting all
the people who are cleverly noting wait
a minute Scott uh is s like the
Democrats are doing the very thing they
say you shouldn't do lots of police
demanding ID that's bad for people who
can't get IDs and probably racist and
walls are racist all the time and and I
was thinking to myself well these are
not you know
directly related I you can't say the
border is the same situation as the
convention or can you the more I think
about it yeah it's it's closer to
exactly the same
because here's the
thing the reason we want border security
is because it's common
sense it's obvious Common Sense the
reason the Democrats want uh walls and
police and IDs for their uh their
convention
is it's common sense it's obvious common
sense so in that way they are exactly
the same although the border and the DNC
are different but in both cases there's
an obvious common sense thing to do but
they only want to do it when they're
personally directly and immediately at
risk if if you were at risk and the head
of the DNC you know all the if all the
Democrat leadership were not personally
at risk they wouldn't care because they
don't care about the Border enough
apparently all
right and I also have a question is it
currently illegal to wear a mask at a
protest
in Chicago if somebody knows the answer
to that because I saw a masked protester
jump on stage at the DNC and grab the
microphone and yell a bunch of pro
Palestinian things and do you know what
happens if you jump on stage and grab a
microphone and you're wearing a
mask uh allow me to uh do an impression
of the protester
it uh wasn't really
effective couldn't really hear it but it
turns out that when somebody is trying
to get the crowd fired up if they're
wearing a
mask nothing works because you couldn't
see the protester's face or mouth uh you
could just see somebody standing with a
microphone
going so not
ideal well let's talk about the so those
protesters want a ceasefire and some
kind of two- State solution
probably at least some of them do um but
how is that Gaza ceasefire doing well
Anthony blinkin says you know there's a
decisive moment coming up for the Gaza
ceasefire and uh here's the question I
ask given that Gaza The Situation's
going on a while
given that the election is coming
up given that one of the biggest
problems for the Democrats is these
protesters what do you think the
Democrats are offering to Israel if
Israel would be willing to at least
pretend they're going to do a ceasefire
until after the election because they
only need it to you know to get through
the election what do you think we'd have
to offer
them you imagine you're Netanyahu and
you you know that the Democrats are in a
terrible bind they really really really
need you to at least pretend that you
want a
ceasefire why would you ask in
return well we'll never know but are you
comfortable with your with your
negotiator being in a weak position like
that I don't know if this would apply to
somebody like Trump but it looks to me
like the Democrats in the United States
have put themselves in a position where
they pretty much have to do whatever
Netanyahu tells them to do if what
they're going to get in
return is a pretend ceasefire and it
would be pretend just to get through the
election so I don't know that Israel has
any inclination to agree to anything
but unless it's fake um The Wall Street
Journal reports that support for a
two-state solution where the
Palestinians and Israel would live side
by side in happiness used to be the most
popular thing or more popular I guess
and now it's not very popular at all now
only uh according to Wall Street Journal
only 30 2% of Palestinians believe in a
two-state
solution that would sort of mean that
2third the Palestinians want to get rid
of
Israel and they don't say out loud but
I'm pretty sure the Jewish population of
Israel they would like to get rid of
2/3 that doesn't seem promising but what
about
Israel um let's see among the Israeli
Jews belief in a peace based on two
states is only at
19% so only
19% of Jewish Israelis are even
interested in a two-state
solution now do you remember I've been
telling you you could just ask me you
don't really need to do
polls you didn't need to do this poll
there there's not going to be a
two-stage
solution there there's not even anywhere
close to being enough interest in it in
the real world is just something you say
if you need to say it but no nobody the
it's it's one of the least popular ideas
in all the world it's it's pretty hard
to have any kind of topic where only 19%
of people are on one side I mean almost
everything else that's a controversial
topic is at least 60 40 you know 40% is
a good
solid minority but you know it's enough
to be taken seriously but
19% and
19% I think you could just ignore them
you know once you get to that 8020 rule
you can just ignore the 20
so no there is no realistic possibility
of a two-state solution and therefore
there's no real reason that Israel
should stop before they have what they
call Total Victory if if it's true that
only roughly a little more than half of
the Hamas Fighters have been killed you
know which is tough to
calculate um then they should probably
have another year or so of
work now am I in favor of that doesn't
matter what I'm in favor of or not in
favor of in terms of Israel has no
impact on anything you know I I
sometimes like to imagine that as far as
domestic politics you know just stuff in
the United States that if I had a good
idea where I said something that people
repeated or you know I did a post that
went viral maybe I could actually make a
difference change the minds and maybe
maybe that would change some policies so
I have this you know small feeling that
my opinion could make a difference in
the United States I mean it's so
unlikely but it's possible but clearly
in my opinion has no impact on Israel so
I don't have
one what would the what would be the
point we're just watching it it's sort
of like somebody you know releases the
ball and it's you know gravity is going
to make it go drop in the ground what's
your opinion of that it doesn't matter
once you release the ball it's going to
drop in the ground it doesn't matter if
your opinion is it shouldn't
so when it comes to Israel I don't have
an opinion it's just an observation
Whoever has the most power is going to
use it if the Palestinians had the most
power they would be badly abusing the
Israelis the Israelis have the most
power so they're having their way with
Gaza and you know you can characterize
it any way you want but it's just going
to happen and your opinion about it
makes no difference to
anybody Don Lemon goes to Ohio he did
the same thing in um New Jersey he was
asking U people he stopped randomly who
they're going to support and there were
people um people who supported Harrison
people who supported Trump but what what
I found was
interesting is that there were so many
black
Americans who had no problem whatsoever
saying into a camera that they support
Trump now I don't remember that in the
past is it just because nobody did that
kind of interview in that kind of
population it to me it looks completely
different see the thing I don't
understand is if you looked at the
numbers what would the numbers be it
would be something like okay Trump yeah
granted Trump is going to do better than
any Republican but that's still in the
sub 20% isn't
it what do we imagine is Trump's best
case scenario for the black vote
it's not very high is it so in the 20s
maybe would be the the best any
Republican ever
did but then when you see Don Lemon
doing his street interviews the
observation doesn't match the
data because it certainly looks like at
least at least half of the black
citizens he talked to said Trump right
off right
off and I thought I don't think that's
the same as before and if we're seeing
any evidence that KL Harris is picking
up the black vote and it's you know
moving moving back away from
Trump why don't we see it in the
wild you know I always tell you the one
of my detectors is when your
direct observation doesn't match the
data so the pollsters are telling us oh
KL Harris is taking back the black vote
and you know it's going to be 80 to 20
or something but then you go on the
street and you might even get more
people saying they're going to vote for
uh Trump more black Americans now why is
that now keep in mind this was Don Lemon
doing it and he did it in two different
places Ohio and New Jersey and in both
cases the the black
Americans in a surprising percentage of
them said yeah Trump Trump
trump so
so are the pollsters wrong or are we
just seeing a a really weird slice of
America that's just coincidental and you
know I don't know but when you see
observation so violently uh and a whack
with the
data you should at least tell yourself
the data is not as credible as you think
it is that at least you should do that I
wouldn't say that the anecdotal stuff is
stronger but you should at least doubt
the data be
questioning all right um Morning
Joe I don't know have any of you found
this habit yet that I click MSNBC for
some kind of weird entertainment value
uh I'll use the example of My Philosophy
teacher used in college I took
philosophy 101 that's why I'm so smart
philosophy one yeah yep mastered it um
but my philosophy
Professor uh he used to say that uh if
you had a tooth that was
loose and you knew it was going to come
out you know let's say it was one of
your first teeth yeah You' push against
it with your tongue and wiggle it even
though it hurt have you ever had that
experience like you know it hurts to
push on your loose tooth with your
tongue but you kind of do it anyway why
do you do
that it's like an irresistible
pain it's a weirdest little
philosophical thing that we humans will
do willingly painful things in some
weird situations but this is me when I
watch uh
MSNBC I I'll see it on my you know phone
or on the TV screen that it's a choice
and I'll think to myself oh I'm not
going to be happy if I click that
oh it's going to hurt me if I click that
oh there's nothing but pain and
unpleasantness if I click that and then
I click
it I can't help it but here's here's
what I realized about watching Morning
Joe so I watched Morning Joe with this
this weird kind of desperate explanation
of how Harris is spreading joy and
energy but uh you know Trump is losing
losing his energy or something and I
thought when I watch Morning Joe here's
what it feels like it feels like C+
college students who have been asked to
write an essay that's got to be new
every day on why Trump is
bad everything they say sounds like a
bad college student writing an essay all
right I'm going to assign your your task
your task is to make Trump sound bad
well but I I wrote that essay yesterday
yes yes you did write that essay
yesterday and you wrote it every single
day for the last eight years but today
we'd like you to write a new essay but
don't you know try not to repeat a lot
of the things you said before all right
well okay I think I can make some
tortured argument about stealing our
democracy no you already wrote that
essay you've written 20 of those essays
we we'd like something new
uh uh and then they come up with this
tortured academic argument that nobody
cares
about and and watching them try to do
their C+ essay that is the millionth
time in a row they had the same
assignment but they got to make it
different it's just sort of entertaining
like pushing a tooth that's loose that
hurts when you push it I can't explain
it it's entertaining but it hurts I'll
probably keep doing
it well a Washington Post columnist is
Fox News is reporting uh that uh is it
Megan
McCardle um said that the fact Checkers
were ineffective in the Trump era and
that the bottom line is that the the the
more the news tried to fact check Trump
the more popular Trump got and the less
people watch the
news Trump Trump destroyed the entire
news industry like no basically people
don't watch it don't trust it and even
the fact Checkers are known to be Liars
at this point so there's just nothing
there's just no reason to watch The
Washington Post just no
reason
anyway as McCardell said after eight
years of allout disinformation warfare
Trump's approval ratings are holding up
better than public trust in Academia and
journalism
yes because the public is figuring it
out now you know what else I learned um
watching uh don lemon's Street
interviews so the interviews went like
this who are you going to support for
president then they'd say somebody and
then he'd often follow up with well why
do you like them and here would be the
I'll give you a standard but um you this
is a fictional answer but it represents
all of the people like all the people he
talked to right so what do you like
about um the policies of Kam Harris oh
um
well um Trump said he would eat a
baby and you think to yourself no he
didn't no he didn't there's nothing like
that and then you would realize that
they didn't know anything
else except that they think they heard
Trump ate a
baby uh now I'm making that one up but
here's a real one there's a black woman
who was asked who she'd vote for she
said Trump um and then as part of her
explanation she said that K Harris
lied and then Don Lemon said well what
would be an example of a lie that KL
Harris told and the voters said well she
said she was black remember this is a
female black voter
and Don Lemon is like no actually she's
always identified as black and the voter
said I don't think
[Laughter]
so there there wasn't a single person
that Don Lemon talked to that appeared
on
video that seem to know much of anything
about
politics not even you know if you were
going to rank it from 1 to 10 with the
people like you and me who followed
every day we're we're sort of tens and a
one and a 10 because every single day I
look at the news every single day I talk
about it and almost every day you're
here so we're in the really really
narrow very few people who actually pay
attention to the news and even we know
the news is fake so we're paying
attention as hard as we can and we it's
mostly just fake so can you blame the
people who just bailed out and said you
know I don't really even need to watch
the news I'll just go with my gut it's
not
crazy because you know it it would be
easy for us to say oh how Superior we
are we watch the news yeah no we're not
like the people on the streets can we
take a moment to just celebrate how
awesome we are because we really pay
attention to the news we can answer
questions in some detail not like those
people on the
street but our news is
fake it doesn't matter how much you
study it does it doesn't matter how deep
you make a dive you're never going to
have enough information to really know
what's going on so we're sort of living
in this illusion where we've figured it
out and those dumb people on the street
haven't looked into it so they don't
know what they're
doing no their guess is probably just as
good as yours probably just as
good anyway here's uh here's some uh
more of why you should trust the Press
apparently there's a reporter from a
Wyoming newspaper who got fired because
they found out he was just using AI to
write his
articles and it was just too obvious
because you know you can spot AI writing
pretty easily so even and even his
sources were made up so he made up
sources or maybe the AI hallucinated him
I don't know but he had fake sources and
fake writing and they caught him and
fired him but don't worry CU all of the
other
reporters totally professional he's the
only one who tried to get away with
something well there's also some news
about the
BBC um there was a report by Net Zero
watch about the BBC and they says that
the BBC had uh
30 cases of bias what they call it which
is basically 30 cases of getting facts
wrong maybe intentionally about climate
change um from
2023 30 examples of just climate
 in the news on the
BBC but don't you worry people because
it's only that one reporter in Wyoming
who turned out to be bad we got rid of
them so everything else is good and
don't worry that the even the columnist
for the Washington Post says that their
fact Checkers are completely
failing and don't worry that the BBC is
simply making up
science everything else is fine yeah
everything else is is it's right on
point it's only every single thing we
check that's
wrong uh Doge designer on X that's an
account on X um it says we asked chat
GPT and meta AI which party runs the
Legacy Media and the answer was what do
you think the answer was when when they
asked the two big AIS who runs the
Legacy Media well um both of them said
immediately
Democrats now did you just say to
yourself
whoa looks like AI has some C some
capability it told the truth
even an unpleasant truth and it said
something that's not good for
Democrats now you didn't see that coming
did you right so this feels quite
credible doesn't
it thank goodness AI went from hiding
the truth to now just plainly saying
what we can all see that the Democrats
run the Legacy Media in fact Elon Musk
even even uh did a little post on it
concurring that the AI got it right that
the Democrats run the Legacy
Media
except it's not
true how many of you think the Democrats
run the Legacy
Media you all believe that
right obviously not who whoever is
running the country is not the Democrats
running the media who whoever is in
control of the Democrats
is in control of the Legacy Media the
Democrats apparently the AI has no
problem telling you the Democrats are in
charge do you know why who who would
like you to think the Democrats are in
charge of the Legacy Media let me think
who who would want you to think that
well Fox News might want you to think
that so is that why the AIS um are
saying it's true because Fox News thinks
it's true and and they took their
side probably not is it because Elon
Musk says it's
true and and a lot of you would say it
true is that why the AI agrees because
so many smart people say it's true that
the Democrats run the Legacy
Media here's what it looks like to me it
looks like the CIA runs all of our media
and they would love for you to think the
Democrats are doing it I don't think the
Democrats are doing it I think the Dem
rats are under the control of the people
who are doing it now some of those might
be registered
Democrats but it's not if you're
thinking that the people who work as CNN
are mostly Democrats and therefore the
Democrats run the media you're really
missing the bigger story because they
don't get to report on anything they
want to report on I'm pretty sure they
have a an Uber boss that tell you know a
boss that tells them what's in and
what's
out and that's probably the intelligence
people because I would think at this
point they would control all of that
it's their job it if the United States
intelligence groups did not already
control our Legacy Media the question
would be why
not that they
should because brainwashing the
population is kind of their biggest job
domestically you know externally they
have other jobs but domestically
brainwashing Americans to be good
citizens and fight for the flag that's
sort of what they do so it's not really
the Democrats running the Legacy
Media except for the stuff that the CIA
doesn't care about one way or the
other um remember I told you that there
would be no economists who support K
Harris's economic plan well even axios
is reporting that uh even the left
leaning economists are against it they
named a bunch Jason Ferman
Edy Ernie teshi The Washington Post
editorial board Josh Barrow Katherine
rampel they've all criticized the Harris
campaign proposal and Governor Whitmer
who is the co- um she's the co-chair of
the Harris campaign was asked about her
economic plan and and Whitmer
avoided the
question imagine being the co-chair of
the Harris campaign and when somebody
asks you about her economic plan clearly
the most important part of what she's
going to
do and the co-chair couldn't endorse it
the
co-chair now when I told you that there
would be no Economist on the left or the
right that would endorse
it I thought I'd I thought I'd gone
pretty far like well you know that
that's that's really going for to say
even the Democrat Economist will chit on
her plan and they did but what I did not
see is that the resistance to it would
be so strong it would get her campaign
coach chair it's very clear that the
campaign co-chair knows this is a bad
idea or she would say it was a good idea
it's her job to say that these are good
ideas she couldn't do it
now I'm going to have to give her some
credit cuz there are very few things
that politicians do that can make you
feel they're credible because you know
they're sort of professional Liars but
when I watch somebody who's a
professional liar meaning just a
politician it's not even an insult a
politician sort of a professional liar
uh when I watch somebody who's in the
job of politics and is the
co-chairman or
co-chairperson and is avoiding the
question because clearly she can't
endorse such a bad
idea I actually felt some credibility
for her meaning that it actually changed
my opinion of Governor Whitmer because
when you watch somebody in a situation
like that where you know they should
lie and they can't do it then that means
there's something on the
inside that makes them not be able to
lie have you ever been in that situation
where you know you should lie but you
just can't do it let me tell you a story
when I was working in the corporate
world one day my boss's boss's boss who
was supposed to go to some meeting about
budget stuff couldn't make it so he sent
me now I was several levels below the
boss that was supposed to be
there but I was the budget guy so I knew
the most about the budget so he said go
to this meeting for me so what I find
out when I get there is it's about
cutting the
budget so the person in charge of the
Mee goes to me and they go um you've
presented a budget that's got this or
that in it and everybody's cutting the
budget what would you say if we cut this
part of your
budget now remember I'm a real Junior
I'm a nothing and my boss's boss's boss
is the one who was supposed to be there
fighting to maintain his budget because
his world depended on getting the whole
budget the bigger your budget the more
important you are as a senior
manager but it wasn't my job
and I sat there and I thought okay I'm
pretty sure I know my boss's boss's boss
would want me to lie right now and make
some argument for why we really need
this project which even I didn't think
was terribly important and in the
context of you got to make some tough
choices to cut the budget and I watched
other people making tough choices when
they went to me and said could we cut
this from your budget I was like well
all right if you have
to so I agreed with it but Bo was my
boss's boss's boss unhappy with me but
here's the thing internally I couldn't
tell that lie I knew what my job was I
knew my job was to lie I knew what my
job was just couldn't do it I couldn't
look at another human being and just say
something that's complete just
can't do it so when I saw Whitmer also
not be able to
lie honestly her my opinion of her went
up now I know she's taking a side but
she couldn't tell that lie I appreciate
that now let's compare that with uh
Krugman you know we were all waiting to
see if Krugman who's a famous economist
on the left was going to back the uh
economic plan because you think all
right he'll he'll back anything you know
as long as it's Democrat
side so he does a post on it and I read
it and I reread it and I was like I feel
like you're just trying to talk around
it so he he' very much did not give a
full-throated endorsement he just tried
to add some weasly context as if it made
any difference but it didn't so you
could think that he talked about it but
he didn't talk about it and I
thought even Krugman couldn't
lie well I shouldn't say that I don't
know if he's ever lied before or if he's
just believed what he said but he
clearly didn't believe in her
plan but he didn't want to say it's a
bad plan because he would prefer getting
elected I assume so instead he just did
some word salad and said okay don't ask
me any more questions I think
so Stephen uh Stephen A Smith was doing
a little rant about how Harris hasn't
done any real press events and she needs
to be tested so that the public can see
her answering tough
questions uh I'm going to double and
triple down on saying that Harris and
her campaign are very smart to avoid the
Press why who's ever been better off
talking to the
press that there are some things that we
just assume to be true because it's just
sort of what we're used to but every now
and then you realize that the reason for
the thing you always did didn't make
sense I'll give you another example why
do we have electronic voting
machines we just sort of assume that
that somebody had a reason right didn't
you assume that if you asked around
somebody smart would say oh yeah there's
a good reason for the electronic voting
machines but I don't know what it is
doesn't save money isn't faster isn't
more
credible isn't easier to
manage so we just we just get used to
the thing the fact that somebody must
know why they're a reason all right
here's another one it's like the
electronic voting
machines why do presidential candidates
talk to the
Press now your your reflex is of course
they have to talk to the Press they've
always talked to the Press
Scott why why would you even ask such a
dumb question talking to the
Press because of the free speech and the
importance of the press to monitor the
government it's the most important thing
of course Stephen A Smith is completely
right
she needs to talk to the
Press does
she what's the
reason there isn't any the reason is you
think you're going to learn something no
you're not no you're
not is Trump better off because he talks
to the
Press well let me give you some examples
do you remember that time he talked to
the press and he said that he completely
disavows the neo-nazis and in
Charlottesville he said that to the
Press what did the press
report the Press took him out of context
and said he thought that the neo-nazis
are fine people was that was that good
for Trump to talk to the Press because
that press is such a an important
Watchdog of our democracy if you don't
talk to the Press how will the people
know what's
true well the press lied to the whole
country for eight years or however many
years six years the Press is the ones
who lie to you they're not the ones who
tell you the truth how about uh that
Trump said inject bleach into your body
that was at a press event it was a
preent did Trump say you should put
bleach or any any chemical disinfectant
in your body he did not he was talking
about light as a disinfectant which was
being trialed at the
time to inject like a you know um UV
light with a device down the throat to
see if you could irradiate the lungs
under the
trachea right that's what he was talking
about but the Press turned it into he
wants you to drink bleach all right now
I would say those are the two biggest
problems Trump's ever had and it's
because he talked to the
Press almost everything that that is
fake and about Trump is because
of the press
so now I ask you
again why would a presidential candidate
talk to the Press what's the
upside is it because the the voters need
to know no I just told you about the Don
Lemon
interviews the voters don't do
anything see we you and I you know you
watching this and I and the 1% of
Americans who really follow politics we
we get fooled in to thinking other
people are like us they're not like us
they barely know the names of the two
presidential candidates everybody knows
Trump but some of them don't even know
who he's running
against no there's no information
advantage of the press they're either
going to lie or nobody pays attention or
it's complicated like how how many of
the voters that Don Lemon talked to
could say oh it's terrible that the
European Union
is using their external power to satisfy
um you know some deep powers in the
United States for
censorship how many how many
voters understand the hunter Biden
Ukraine situation it's almost none so
why do we even have a press it's not
informing anybody except the 1% of
people who convince themselves they know
things because we still pretend we we
think dating is real data isn't
real for anything that matters when when
the data doesn't matter to anybody it
could be real but when it matters it's
all fake because the people who it
matters the most to make sure you don't
see the real stuff because they're
trying to sell you something every time
there's always money
involved so yeah no there's no reason
really for anybody to talk to the Press
uh
meanwhile Mario nul was reporting that
uh this hospital near the DNC convention
is preparing just in case there's a
chemical attack by converting spaces
into decontamination centers well now
that's scary because it sounds like they
expect a chemical attack but I think
that the standard will be that pretty
soon wherever there are large events
where people gather that the local
hospitals will have to gear up for Mass
chemical
warfare cuz I think drones are be going
to be dropping poison on
crowds not indoors probably you know
less likely indoors but I think that uh
it doesn't really signal that they have
a specific threat they might but it
doesn't signal that because I think they
should all be doing that now to me that
just sounds like getting ready
I don't have a problem with
that meanwhile Zero Hedge and others are
reporting that the burea of Labor
Statistics is planning to revise
downward um jobs for the April 2023 to
March 2024 so it's about a year um by a
million so if they revise it down by a
million that would mean that every time
they said it was good it was bad so
everything you heard about jobs was a
lie now let's see the job numbers are
datas that matter and they have all been
a
lie all the data that matters is always
a lie because somebody has an interest
in lying or it's hard to collect it
could be one one or both of those things
no it's all fake all the data that
matters is
fake now you you could find an exception
like you know whatever SpaceX is doing
to launch rockets depends very much on
data but people don't have you know like
a great financial interest and lying to
you about the you know trajectory of a
rocket so if nobody cares about it
politically yeah that could be right and
useful uh K Harris has a new uh post on
X she says the Democratic party must
commit to showing up for black women all
the time not just during an election
year I found
that disgusted
me that idea I'll read it again see if
you have that feeling of disgust and
I'll tell you why in a minute the
Democratic party must commit to showing
up for black women all the time not just
during an election year now of course I
want both of the parties to be
responsive to all the
public so it's not about that of course
the politics should be responsible to
all Americans per period
but I'm offended that she calls herself
a black
woman and wants me to buy into it now
here's my take if she wants to identify
as a black woman I'm fine with
that why would I have a complaint in any
way if she wants to say this is who I am
uh I'd like to identify as black I do
have you know half of me is Indian
American but I identify as black no
problem at all doesn't disgust me
doesn't bother
me it's everybody's right I'd like to
Define myself as well so yeah Define
yourself here's what bothers me she
doesn't get to tell me how to define
her I Define her as a unique
individual who is not like anybody else
I've ever
met I've never met anybody who is I
don't think I don't think I've ever met
anybody who was half black and half uh
Indian who was a prosecutor and a
senator and a vice
president I've never met anybody like
that she's literally the only one same
with Trump there's only one of them so
to imagine that I should judge her by
the some kind of average that happens to
people who are
black is really offensive to me
because I don't need to buy into your
own personal definition of who you
are likewise if somebody wants to you
know be identified as this or that for
reasons of just polite Behavior I might
be completely happy to Define them by
whatever pronouns they want I'm not I'm
not a real uh you know I'm not too I
guess I'm not too bothered by pronouns
whatever it is you want to be called if
I can remember it I'll be happy to do it
but that's different for me agreeing
with what you call
yourself I don't have to agree with
it you can live in your own fantasy and
I can see you as whatever I want I might
agree I might not but I'm not obligated
in any way to agree with your definition
of
yourself I do like living in a polite
world where we're at least polite to
each other and that that's
included but no don't tell me uh you can
tell me that you're black and you
identify as a black woman that's fine
but don't suggest that somehow I should
see it that way I see you as not like
anybody else in a good way by the way
did did that sound like an insult it
shouldn't yeah be being black and Indian
has apparently blessed her with an
incredibly goodlook body
and she's gone very far so whatever she
is is working clearly working so why not
just be that why not just be an
individual the biggest problem America
ever made is allowing people to convince
us that the average of people who look
like us should matter to
us the average of people who look like
you should matter it
shouldn't No it should not it should not
matter in any way should it matter to me
that the average black person has some
specific problem from a legacy of
slavery no it could be true and it could
be a real problem I think systemic
racism is real but it's one of a million
problems I want to know your individual
problem do you have an individual
problem I could help with that yeah do
you need a connection need some
information do you need a loan
you know I've done all of those things
for people who needed them individually
but no I'm not going to do anything for
you because you look like the average of
other people I don't care about your
average performance not at all I do not
care if women have whatever experience
on average I don't care if brown people
have whatever experience on average I
very much care about you as
individuals so if you need a hand no
matter who you are
I'm all in don't care about your
average well
um so there's uh more and more uh noise
being made about what appears to be K
Harris's uh drug or inebriation problem
in public The Daily Mail has an article
that says conservatives claim these
clips show K Harris is giving speeches
while drunk and they give some
examples and and uh and it says the
conservatives and even a Donald Trump
campaign official have claimed the
Harris appears drunk in speaking
engagements and then they named a few uh
a few conservatives who were behind it
they did not name
me if I ever told you the hypnotists can
hide in plain
sight is one of the coolest thing about
being a hypnotist
is that you can actually tell people
exactly what you're doing do it publicly
and people can't see it it's just
invisible
so I'm glad all these other
conservatives and the Trump campaign is
behind this idea that KL Harris is a
drunk you didn't hear it from me as far
as you
know all right so someone taught Harris
how to say return on investment now I've
told you before this sometimes I try to
it's a messy process not always accurate
but I try to track my
influence and one of the ways I do it is
by um unusual word choice so if I
introduce an idea into the public domain
doing what I'm doing now and I use a
word choice that you haven't seen a lot
and then it pops up somewhere I think to
myself oh maybe that was me you maybe
that was my word choice that fit into
the public
somehow well Comm Harris used the phrase
return on investment four different
times while answering a question about
her Economic
Policy now I've been saying that you
can't sell this uh price gouging thing
without looking at return on investment
and I think maybe some economists may
have said the same thing to her so it's
not like I'm the one person who knows
that or something so it could be other
people it's just you know my eyebrow
goes up like h i I was saying return on
investment and Harris a awful lot this
week and now she's saying return on
investment which I haven't seen her do
before um so but here's the interesting
thing is that she she used it wrong
every
time it it sounds good when she says it
but apparently her technique is simply
to say things do have a return on
investment that's really not how it
works it it's not about language you
have to do the calculation or at least
be aware that there's a cost and a
benefit return on investment means that
you've calculated the cost of it and
also the benefit and that the benefit is
greater than the cost if you haven't
calculated both of them you're not
really doing a return on investment but
apparently she is figured out that she
can call anything a return on investment
and it sort of sounds good it does
actually sound good so she would say for
example uh we're going to help people
buy a
house and uh that you know history shows
that's a good return on investment to
which I say really did somebody did
somebody study what happens in
2025 if they get a $25,000 help on their
house I'll bet nobody studied that so
how' you calculate it how how did you
calculate the cost who paid for it
because you got to do the cost and what
exactly is the benefit in in what areas
did we get that return and who got the
return was it the government got a
return for its um tax expense or the
extra debt it ran
up it's pretty vague so for each of the
things she was
doing um she thought all she had to do
is say and you know in the long run it's
obviously a good return on investment
now here's the reason that that's
irrational from an economist point of
view you could say about
anything so let's say that the idea of
helping people let's say the idea of no
tax on tips or helping people who get a
home um let's say you calculate it and
it sounds pretty good or at least you
can sell it by saying oh it's got a good
Roi here's the
problem everything fits into that
category so I say to you hey how about
reparations for slavery well why do you
want to do that well in the long run has
good
Roi does
it nobody knows you can't really
calculate it
well you could say it you could say the
words as a good
Roi um how about
cannibalism yeah we think cannibalism
should come back it'll lower the food
costs we'll just eat each other uh and I
think the ROI is going to be
excellent now that's a ridiculous one
but my point is there's nothing that has
ever been
discussed from you know funding schools
more anything
just literally anything that sounds like
if you say it quickly it sounds like a
good idea you just say and it's good
return on
investment anything so therefore it's
nothing if you can apply it to
everything then it's not really
anything but here's my suggestion for
slavery
reparations is there anything that would
stop us legally from saying that only
Republican or that only Democrat voters
pay for it
we've never done anything like that have
we but Republican voters by a fairly
sizable majority think that reparations
would be a good idea Republicans largely
against
it but suppose that Trump said this will
never happen this is just fun
recreational fantasy thinking suppose
Trump said I'm in favor of recreation
I'm in favor of reparations for slavery
but I think it should be limited to the
group that says they're willing to pay
for it because that way we don't have
division so Democrats are very much in
favor of it so why don't we say that if
you voted for Harris you'd be on the
hook for paying for reparations if you
voted for Trump you would not be on the
hook for paying reparations because that
would be a group that didn't want to pay
it now why wouldn't that be legal
because the government seems to be able
to tax any individual group it wants to
Am I Wrong the government can say this
industry pays more the government can
say people who own a home pay less it
can say people who have
children uh Pay Less on taxes the
government can pick any group for any
reason and say we'll pay you you pay
more less on taxes right so is there
anything that would
prevent the government from saying look
Democrats really want this and has a
good
Roi so if we make the Republicans pay
it'll never happen but since the ROI for
reparations is so good that if Democrats
do it well most of the benefits will go
to other Democrats because black people
are of more often Democrat so they could
say well Democrats could pay for
reparations and then the ROI is good and
that Roi would mostly ACR to other
Democrats so how about that
now the real argument here is to wonder
why it wouldn't be a good idea I'm not
saying it's a good idea but it's fun to
imagine why it's not I can't think of a
reason if if there's a certain group of
Americans who want reparations and also
want to pay for it why would you
care would would black Americans say no
I don't want that if only the Democrats
pay for it
I don't think so I think black Americans
would say wait a minute you're going to
give me a check and all I have to do is
just nothing I think theyd say yeah if
the Democrats want to pay for it mostly
white Democrats yeah
sure so who loses the Democrats would be
happy because they paid for reparations
so they'd feel less guilty they would
get the own they would get the ROI to
other
Democrats mostly it'd be good for the
country Roi but mostly Democrats and the
Republicans would be oh that's good you
left us out of it thank
you yeah it's it's sort of a thinker it
just makes you think why can't we do
that I actually don't know any reason
you couldn't do
it can
you it would put an amazing pressure on
Democrat leaders to say why the
Republicans should pay for it
anyway
um so here's a little persuasion
lesson um this comes to you courtesy of
Mike covich's account on X now as you
know uh Tim wals reportedly went to
China 30
times now you all know that if you're
watching this you know it um and you
have some opinions about that but you're
probably thinking to yourself something
along the line of you know everybody's
different he he was taking some tours
over there kind of like the country so
he went a lot of times is that so
weird but listen to it listen to the way
that Mike cernovich uh puts it in the
form of a question and watch how it hits
you differently just the way he words it
if I simply tell you he went to China
many
times then your brain says oh huh and
then it goes on to the next topic but
listen to this cich says I'm
paraphrasing but basically he's saying
who needs to go to China 30
times as soon as you hear that it just
hits you differently doesn't it who
needs to go to China 30
times just automatically the question
makes you know there's something up I
don't know
what but there's something up with that
and as a Mike pointed out um even people
who do Manufacturing in China don't go
30
times I have a friend who did some
manufacturing with a Chinese company he
went
twice why why do you need to go 30 times
now I'm guessing it had something to do
with the classes he was taking over
there so maybe it was just a regular
program that
happened once a year twice a year if
happened twice a year for 15 years you
got 30
trips
so I don't know but uh the only point is
that if you put it in terms of a
question it completely hits you
differently because you can't answer the
question if I just say it's a truth
you're not
automatically triggered to figure out
like what's up with it but if he puts it
in a question your brain just chews on
it because it wants to answer the the
question much more persuasive that's so
the lesson is not about wals the lesson
is if you want to learn how to persuade
watch covich's
account Kevin oir was on some show I
think it was on Fox um and says that
wals was a terrible manager of the state
they destroyed job growth and people
left to the neighboring states
and all that now
oir presents himself as not being
political he's just saying from a pure
business
standpoint he was bad for business in
his State and he apparently uh wals is
not exactly good at managing his own
finances because he got to this point in
his life and he doesn't really have a
ton of
finances I do trust people a little bit
more if they can figure out how to
retire with more money than he's got so
you know it does show
um we got a new drunk Bo Johnson coming
in with the all caps very consistent
with the all caps B keep
drinking all
right um rasmuson did a poll on this Tim
wals Stolen Valor thing uh 45% of Voters
say the accusations against wals won't
make much difference in how they vote
they might not like it but they're
saying it won't make much difference to
their votee
34% say the accusations about The Stolen
Valor um makes them less likely to vote
for Harris but 16% and here's the here's
the money shot 16% say the accusations
against wals for Stolen
Valor makes them more likely to vote for
the
Democrat 16%
of Voters are more likely to vote for
wal because he allegedly avoided
combat did you see that
[Laughter]
coming okay I'm going to admit I didn't
see that coming I did not see that
coming why because I made that mistake
of thinking that other people are like
me and you probably made the same
mistake it's the most mistake everybody
makes all the time is assuming other
people are at least a little bit like
you say you say what would I do in this
situation I'll tell you what I wouldn't
do is be more likely to vote for him
because he's accused of avoiding going
to war that never even occurred to me I
either thought it was I don't care or
you do care especially if you had some
military experience or you're a
family I didn't really think anybody
would look at it and say you know now
there's a good reason to vote for him he
avoided the draft or not the draft he
avoided uh deployment by retiring just
just before the deployment and other
people saying it's a good play he's
obviously
smart the other people went over there
and fought so who's the smart one now
that's what those 16% say that's not me
that's the
16% so but here's what I think I don't
really think that uh
polling the general
public is the way to go on this question
I think if you only ped veterans or
direct family members of veterans like
spouses I think they're the only ones
that matter because I would think that
almost nobody's going to change their
vote unless they really care about that
issue and so if you talk to the people
who are most likely to really care you
know serve as people and their families
if they say it's no big deal well that
tells you something but if they say you
know honestly I just I can't allow any
chance that that VP would ever rise to
commander-in-chief just that's my red
line I can't possibly be in favor of
that well that would matter but I don't
know if talking to the general public
about a topic that's so narrowly focused
at a specific part of the country I
know all
right speaking of Mike cernovich again
he had an idea that Trump should come
out and say that U he'll make mortgages
assumable as long as the buyer is credit
worthy in other words you don't buy the
house and pay off the bank and then hope
you can get a new loan you just take
over the loan you know plus probably
some extra cash if there was some Equity
involved and uh but you'd have to be a
credit worthy buyer now here's why this
matters let's say you're a boomer like
me and you're in a big house and you say
to yourself you know what I I would sell
this big house and move into a smaller
one and that would allow somebody who
had maybe a big family or something and
a lot of money to move into a bigger
house but if you look at the interest
rates you'd say wait a minute I don't
have an I don't have a mortgage but if I
did it would have been like a three %
rate because of when I would have gotten
it but now if I had to sell my house and
get another house that also had a
mortgage I'd be paying some much higher
rate so I say uh I won't do it I'll wait
till the rates come down so you have all
this unnecessary friction in the market
that you could remove just by having
people assume loans that are that are
lower interest rates now who would be
opposed to such a thing well all the
bankers because the bankers want to give
you a new loan and get those new fees
for the loan you know fees up
front and then they want to charge you a
higher interest
rate and then they want to package up
all your loans and sell them to third
parties who end up owning all the
loans but as Mike says let let Wall
Street figure it out you know if Trump
just does something promotes something
that's good for the
public uh but not so much for the
bankers the bankers could probably
figure it
out all right here's an idea I love so
much I wish I'd said it first but the
CEO founder of H the figure robot
company you'll hear more about them
figures going to be one of the big names
in robots it looks like so Brett
Adcock was saying that there should be
some kind of a program or app where you
can get local farmers to sell you food
directly without the
middlemen uh partly because the middle
people are adding all the dangerous
chemicals and everything and you'd feel
more comfortable if you especially if
it's an organic farm I suppose if you
just got it directly from the farm now
there are of course all kinds of rules
and regulations and reasons you can't do
that but I went I went to Safeway
yesterday um
and I walked through this giant store of
food and I couldn't find anything to
eat do you know why I just I know too
 much now so everything in the
middle of the
store was you know Frozen crap with
additives and then another a third of
the store was
bread and
cheese and I'm kind of off of bread and
cheese
and you know then a lot of it is like
pool
toys and you know alcohol that I don't
drink and I have to like go way over to
like the the vegetable area and pick up
some
vegetables but I couldn't buy enough at
a
store to make
dinner like there wasn't anything there
I was willing to buy that I wanted to
put in my mouth so I mean I got some
fruit and some vegetables and you know I
made something that I already had at
home you know some rice and vegetables
basically and uh here's here's another
story about why it's so hard to
eat you might be saying Scott why did
you go to the grocery store don't you
have an assistant to do that shopping
for you and the answer is yes I do but I
wanted to get some
turmeric because I've been reading such
great things about turmeric you know
it's good for inflammation and I I
thought I wonder if they have turmeric
that's like a seasoning that's like
mixed with pepper because that's the
thing so you could just season whatever
you're having with American pepper and
so I had ordered some from Amazon so I
knew it existed but it wasn't here yet
and I wanted to wanted to try yesterday
so I thought I'm going to go to Safeway
and see if they have some
jeric now of course I looked for some
other things since I'm there anyway but
the purpose of my trip was to get
taric I come home with my taric I open
up the
xplatform and I see a post about some
things that were adding lead to people's
diets and found out that in some cases
turmeric is full of lead you shouldn't
put it in your body now it's not the
turmeric itself it's some providers of
it were adding some additive that
apparently was very bad
what are the odds that I would make a
special trip to a grocery
store the a rarity in itself to look for
just this one thing to merik
that I've never had before as as a you
know
condiment and that within 10 minutes of
getting home I would find out
it's going to kill me now really what
were the odds of
that now keep in mind that it was a post
from some he had you know it was a long
post it wasn't because the algorithm
heard me say it it wasn't an
advertisement it wasn't oh maybe it was
fed to me oh you know what I can't rule
out the fact that the only reason I saw
it is because I did something in the
world that had something to do with
tamaric
huh maybe it wasn't a coincidence huh
all right well I don't
know but I love this idea Adcock has of
figure robots company to have some kind
of a marketplace where I could just have
the farmer bring me some stuff that
would make me feel very
good all right the House GOP has this
big report that the Biden family
received 27 million from foreign
individuals $8 million loans from
Democrat benefactors while Biden was a
VP that he's not repay um and then sure
enough when he was VP he was taking
calls he was influencing things and uh
it's all impeachable so now the GOP
believes that they have 100% documented
impeachable crimes of Hunter and the big
guy taking vast amounts of money from
foreign countries multiple countries for
the explicit purpose of influencing
American politics and we have the
examples where he clearly was involved
in influence
do you think it'll make any
difference I'm going to say
no I I think that it's too close to the
end of his term for anybody to bother
with impeachment you know it's not
really going to have too much effect on
the Harris campaign and it's too
complicated for the public to
understand you know it probably would
have made a big difference if if Biden
were still in the race
and maybe this is one of the reasons
that the Democrats talked him out of it
but all that
work that uh Jim Jordan and comr did and
all the rest which by the way I'm quite
impressed with you maybe it could have
been faster but I think they were held
up by their sources but I would like to
thank them you know comr and Jordan and
all the other people who worked on this
thank you I'm really happy that we have
what I consider a clear picture of maybe
the worst corruption I've ever seen
that's been
documented now I too think well I guess
it's a little bit too late you know I
don't really care too much if there's
any kind of penalty that he get some for
it I'm just I'm just sort of over
it but the when they were doing this
work they did not know that Biden was
going to drop out and uh I really think
the country owes them owes them a bit of
a debt this was good work I'm not how
often do I say that not often right I
don't often say Hey you members of
Congress sure did a good job on this but
I think they did I think they did a good
job on
it all
right all the smart people in politics
are saying that Pennsylvania will
determine the election do you think
that's true do you think we're at a
point where Pennsylvania whichever way
that goes that's going to be the the
whole game why does it
seem like the world of people who make a
difference in the election keeps getting
smaller it was only the other day that I
learned oh there's only like 300,000
people in the whole country who are
going to make a difference and it's just
the Swing Swing voters and only in the
Battleground
States so I say to myself well that's
not ideal it's not ideal that five
states determine the
election and then I find out it's
probably one
state it's one state it's just
Pennsylvania now the smart people are
saying you know both Democrats and
Republicans are saying the same thing
it's just Pennsylvania because they they
think the polling is confirming the
other states sufficiently that they that
no matter what happens there they're
confident that it will still be
Pennsylvania that makes the
difference what is up with that do you
remember when you were a kid and you
learned that we were a republic and how
how everything worked and the the voters
would get to you vote and every vote
counted and none of that is even close
to whatever our government is
doing so if it came down to one state
it it's sorted down to fedman isn't
it let me put this in another way fedman
apparently is not going to the
DNC which some say is a story I'm not
sure if it is but Federman has been not
you know unambiguously Pro everything
Harris he is he's wonderfully
independent clearly a Democrat but
wonderfully independent in a way I
actually respect that if something is
just dumbass he'll call it dumbass it
doesn't matter if Democrats submitted it
so I don't have to agree with him I'm
just saying that you know like I I
gained a little respect for Whitmer
because it looked like she couldn't lie
to us in public at least about you know
K's economic policy and uh fedman has
earned the same respect I don't have to
agree with him but when he says
something to me I generally think that's
his actual real opinion do you have the
same
feeling very rare that this is not
something you see in politicians very
often um I see it with Thomas
Massie right so fedman is not the only
one if Thomas Massie says something I
think oh that's actually his actual
opinion he he's not changing it to make
me happy that's just his actual opinion
fedman same thing so now put it all
together there's only one state that
matters and the most influential person
in that state is
Federman he gets to decide who the next
president
is because if fedman decided not to come
out strong for
Harris for any reason that could be the
difference if he decided to say you know
what the Harris group is so bad about
Israel that I'm going to take a pass on
endorsing her and he might that is
absolutely within the realm of
possibility that he would just say you
know I got this one issue it's so bad
that I you know I prefer Democrats being
in charge but I can't even endorse you
for that
maybe so it's more it's far more likely
that Federman will you know promote uh a
democratic Victory so that's probably
the way it'll go
but I want to add something here that uh
seems like it's
unrelated but it's more of a warning I
was watching a uh little history thing
on YouTube about how president shei of
China Rose to power because I was always
curious about that weren't you like how
does one person out of all the people in
China rise to power well it turns out he
was something called a
princeling a prince princeling would be
the I think mostly had to be a son go
Prince um a son of one of the few
survivors of the um in the days of Mao
when Mao had a you know big military
force but he was on Retreat and they
were all dying from starvation and
everything and starting from I don't
know 880,000 people in his
military um 90% of them died
so there were like 8,000 people who
became somewhat famous within China for
having
survived this long deadly March and then
their children so the people who
survived were promoted by Mao as the
awesome people because you know they
were the most loyal and had the most
suffering and then their children the
children of the people that Mao said
were the most awesome they were called
the
princelings so it wasn't too hard for um
president Chi when he was a younger man
to get noticed because it was easy to
notice a
prining and then he did this clever play
where he went for political office in
rural less important parts of China and
because it was a rural less important
political part of China and he shows up
as a princeling well he won you know at
low office in an unimportant place but
then he used that Victory and that
experience to go to another place in
China that maybe was a little bit more
important and now he's got
experience and he's a
princeling so he wins again so he simply
was good at his job but he had that
little princeling thing to to always
boost him so then he gets all the way to
um you know being in the small group of
people who are running the whole country
and he's the the leader but it's a very
shared power situation so prior to his
rise China had a you know the group of
people the Paul buer or whoever they
were so it was sort of a shared
management and it was designed that way
it was designed so one person didn't run
everything um before the head the head
of China was in charge of the military
for sure but a lot of other things were
handled by other experts that were
chosen for their
expertise so how did she get rid of all
the
competition the trick he used if I
understand it correctly I'll take a fact
check on this if there are any
historians who think I got it wrong
because I might but here's the trick
once he had power but not complete power
what he did to get complete power was he
tried to crack down on
corruption now who's against that
everybody likes that right going to
crack down on corruption guess who we're
corrupt Well turns out that the corrupt
people coincidentally were the people
who were not his
allies so he got rid of all the corrupt
people who are not his allies and
replace them with non-corrupt people who
are also his allies who may have been
corrupt we don't know about that so
here's the thing to watch out for
if your leader
is taking people off the
board it's a consolidation of
power and the fact that it happened in
China and he became the basically
president for life so he took a a non
dictator situation and he just turned it
into one and the only trick he had to do
was to say he was fighting corruption
that's all it took now obviously he had
to also be in charge of the people with
guns because it's people with guns who
arrest people right so he so he had to
be in charge of people who had some
force and then he just made up a reason
that all of his all of his
non-allies were criminals and you just
arrest them
all now that sounds a lot like the
Democrats are saying that the
insurrectionists on January
6 need needed to be arrested and
everybody who supported them should be
banned from po Society if not arrested
they should be at least you know
disgraced and disallowed from ever being
in government so you should never be
allowed to be in government if you ever
supported those damn
insurrectionists that's president she's
play you you color all the people who
are on the other team as
criminals so where president she said
they're
corrupt the Democrats
said they're insurrectionists and white
supremacist it's the same
play now it hasn't succeeded yet because
Trump's still
alive
barely CU somebody
missed that's it if Trump is if Trump
leaves the field unfortunately you know
it could be the bad
way the Democrats may be very close to
having something like permanent power
but changing out the figure had now and
then so we wouldn't even know who the
permanent power was so here's the thing
to watch out for if the people in power
who can control the people with guns
which is what anybody in power can do
and they say that everybody on the other
side the people who are not their allies
have some kind of criminal thing in
common you're heading to a
dictatorship and it sure feels like
that's happening here and the all the
cancellations and the um you know the
the jailings they all feel like they're
just
taking critics off the board and you
probably have noticed that the people
who made the biggest
impact are the people targeted the
hardest the people who don't move the
needle don't need to be targeted but a
lot of other people sure
are
so keep that in mind that's all I got
for today I'm going to talk to the uh
people on locals
privately um I should tell you that uh
uh the the Dilbert reborn comic strip
which you can only see by subscription
on X or on the locals platform where you
also get some political stuff so if you
just want the comic get it on X um dogar
is starting his own poll
company and yes he is making up all of
his
data so he might enjoy that anyway um
that's it for the Regular Show I'm going
to go talk to the locals now thanks for
joining everybody sorry I went late but
it was worth it all right locals I'll be
with you in about
30
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e