bum-bum-bum hey everybody
but in oh we're gonna have a fun one
today what an excellent day it is well I
think the coronavirus is on the run yes
it's on the run we got some tough times
ad but I think we're starting to turn
the corner
a little bit just a little bit if you
would like to fully enjoy this
presentation of coffee with Scott Adams
I recommend participating in the
simultaneous sip now I know some of you
just listen to it and say to yourself
mmm I don't have to actually sip at the
same time but I think if you talk to the
people who do they will tell you quite
unanimously it's a life-changing
experience
and all you need is a copper margaret
glass a tanker challenger stein a
canteen junker flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that you dopamine
hit of the day
the thing that makes everything
including the pandemic better it's
better than drinking bleach and
isopropyl alcohol yeah it's better than
that go all right so let's just get
right to it so the big fun today is that
there's a national IQ test to being in
minister and it is just about the
funniest thing I've ever seen in my life
because their headlines from MSNBC
Vanity Fair basically all that all the
stupid places so all the the really dumb
outlets are reporting that they believe
that the President of the United States
stood in front of the country and asked
dr. Burke
if she thought it would be a good idea
to inject isopropyl alcohol and bleach
into your veins that's what they're
reporting that they think they witnessed
except nothing like that happened now it
is true that the president was unclear
but if you understand the context what
he meant made perfect sense and it goes
like this so there have been some recent
reports about this a type of light afar
UV light special kind of UV light that
could kill virus and we know that it's a
real thing on the outside world because
they use this light to clean surfaces
and hospitals etc but more recently
somebody had suggested and there's some
videos as I've tweeted around one of
them is pinned to my profile right now
some some have suggested that you could
put the light in a ventilator type tube
and so when you're using the ventilator
you could be simultaneously dosing the
patient from the inside with UV light
now it is suggested that this has some
promise worth looking into and the
president said a is just something that
has some potential all right that's what
actually happened how dumb would you
have to be to hear him speaking and
admittedly he was unclear cuz he changed
topics so they changed back doesn't
matter the exact words because no matter
what he actually said how dumb or do you
have to be to interpret it as he was
asking in public should you inject
bleach and isopropyl alcohol into your
veins
the first tip-off should have been that
nobody would say that literally nobody
would say that so this is how the IQ
test works if you didn't immediately say
to yourself huh I wonder if he misspoke
maybe I should get a
verification of why he meant if that
wasn't your first reaction to hearing
that you have failed the IQ test now of
course many of you are gonna say how it
was Scott they're not really dumb
they're just pretending like they heard
it that way so that they can pretend it
to be attacking the president based on
something that didn't happen well maybe
but watch the responses to people when I
when I explained to them what they got
wrong and these are people who went in
public and said in public that they
believe the president was suggesting
mainlining with bleach now so that so
having having the actual story being
explained to them that what he s was
actually a perfectly good question how
did they react well it's cognitive
dissonance and so you can watch for just
for entertainment if you want to see the
best examples of cognitive dissonance
you you rarely get a setup that's so
ideal and it's also a public and the set
up is this a number of smart educated
people lawyers doctors etc have gone in
public and they put their reputation on
the line because if you tweet something
you know your profiles attached to it
your real name it's your real name and
people are saying in public that they
believe that that happened that the
president suggested mainlining isopropyl
alcohol and bleach now once it's
explained to you that he was talking
about the the intubation and and UV
light which is actually a thing there's
a pattern for it there's a company
that's promoting it it's a real thing
that may not work but that's why he was
asking once it's explained to you how do
you react how many of the people who
thought of you says one thing and then
they're then they're introduced to the
fact oh he was talking about this UV
light I get it makes sense now how many
of those people once corrected said to
me in public
oh I guess I I left doing this um
I made a bad assumption I should have
looked into it none nobody will do that
now if their brains were operating
without bias and operating correctly
they would simply take the new
information and say oh yeah that new
information that makes perfect sense ok
yeah
now with that added context like yet so
I was in the conversation with a an
attorney in which I I trapped him just
for fun you know I introduced the new
information remember he's an attorney
attorneys are really good at
incorporating new information sort of
what they do right if they can't do it
who can and so he gets cornered and he
retreats to this the definition of the
word injection so he says no Scott you
clearly he meant injecting the liquids
the bleach and the isopropyl because you
don't inject light you inject chemicals
which would probably be a big surprise
to the plastic injection molding
industry who thinks they're using a
device to inject plastic because
injection is a word that can be used
generically or it could be used
medically are we surprised that someone
who is not a doctor
would use an imprecise medical term
which was still perfectly clear because
ventilation and intubation is sticking
something into a body I would call it
injecting you're injecting something
into the body and whether it was in the
form of a needle or in the form of a
ventilated tube with lights on it
in both cases you're using a tool the
ventilator with the light or the needle
to introduce an active ingredient either
a vaccination or light
so complaining about the word injection
is sort of all you have left once you
see that it's obvious it's obvious that
you just misinterpreted it you're like
oh well I don't think I misinterpreted
it nope I think the president really was
he was really he was really suggesting
we put bleach into her veins so I
watched dr. Hahn of the FDA he was being
interviewed by Sanjay Gupta and Anderson
Cooper and of course Anderson Cooper
asked dr. Hahn about this situation now
remember that Anderson Cooper is under
the belief that the president suggested
something just crazy literally injecting
bleach and isopropyl into your veins
what does the doctor say the doctor says
oh yeah I'm paraphrasing but the doctor
says basically yeah light therapy you
know light therapy is the thing and then
Anderson you you have to watch the video
I think it's up on their site watch
Anderson Cooper experience cognitive
dissonance because when HOD answers a
question it's the first I think probably
the first moment the Anderson realizes
that it was always about light and and
you watch Anderson try to basically
rewrite the history in his own head
until it started making sense and again
the way cognitive dissonance the way
cognitive dissonance works is that the
person who experiences it is unable to
incorporate the new information in other
words he's unable to say oh oh are you
saying dr. Hong that he was talking
about the light therapy when he talked
about injection is that what you mean
and dr. Hahn would have said something
like yeah I assume that's what he meant
because that's a thing and you inject it
down the throat obviously we wouldn't be
so talking about injecting bleach and
isopropyl where would that come from
that
even make any sense so you see
Anderson's his luck and I'll try to do
an impression of Anderson Cooper finding
out that his entire premise was on the
wrong topic it should have been light
not bleach and isopropyl and the
Anderson because I've I've so are you
saying it would be a bad idea to inject
bleach so Anderson couldn't incorporate
the new information and it almost broke
his brain on live TV you really have to
see it because and I've told you before
that you can recognize cognitive
dissonance because you can actually
watch a brain and reboot the first time
you see it it'll freak you out because
once you could recognize it you can
recognize it every time you see it and
it looks that same way you can see the
person just there though their face will
scrunch up and you'll see they're trying
to rethink and recast their history so
that they're not crazy and then they
come up with something that doesn't make
any sense at all
so dr. Hahn said yeah it's basically
talking about light therapy and then the
Anderson goes through his rebooting is
like so would you say is bad to inject
bleach what he couldn't even stay on the
topic he wasn't able to evenly process
it so watch sorry I pinned to my I
pinned by profile the link to the video
this shows that it's a real product it's
it's patented you know they're trying to
sell it it's now tested or it's not you
know approved but it's a real thing and
it's based on you know pre fairly
standard well-known medical facts all
right there's a all the news is funny
today
so there's a photos have been released
of the Miami beat by the Miami Beach
police of the luxury hotel in which
Florida gubernatorial candidate Andrew
Gilliam had been found with two other
men right so here's here's the way the
story is written all right if this isn't
funny I don't know what is all right so
this is a serious news report or is it
I'll just read it and then you and you
could decide if this is a serious
sentence or not so it starts out saying
the photos released Wednesday show vomit
stained and rumpled bedsheets a box for
a party light disco ball spilled white
pills on the carpet and a vial of a drug
often used for erectile dysfunction but
the newly released photos an officer
body cam video
she had no further light on what Gilliam
was doing or why he was there last month
do you need any further light shed on
what Gilliam was doing and why he was
there because the first part of your own
paragraph said that there was vomit
stain and rumpled bedsheets a box for a
party disco light spilled white pills in
the carpet a vial of drug often used for
erectile dysfunction where he was found
with two gay men now maybe you could say
you know without the body cam of the
police officers how are we going to know
what really happened because I don't
think we have enough data I feel as
though we'd really have to do some
research to find out what was happening
in that room was it were they doing
homework together because maybe were
they maybe giving each other haircuts I
mean you can't rule anything out there
was nothing on the body cam so how do
you know they weren't just giving each
other haircuts
the police come in you can't rule that
out because there's no body camp right
right all right
the other big fake news is based on real
news but of course the importance put on
it is the fake part Trump owes the Bank
of China millions of dollars for helping
him acquire one of the most valuable
profit properties and and the loan comes
due in the middle of the next
presidential term oh no they got him
finally they found out what does China
have over the president because they
must have some blackmail because
otherwise why would he try to screw them
on trade unless they were wait a minute
that doesn't work if their way if you're
blackmailing somebody do you blackmail
somebody to destroy your country
wait up now and now I'm confused he's
blackmailing China's blackmailing Trump
to try to get him to renegotiate a trade
deal that's worse for China was that
what he was doing was was it was it
their plan to use the Bank of China to
blackmail Trump into not kicking Huawei
out of our networks and probably out of
the network's of anybody we connect to
huh
I don't know how blackmail works because
I think it's supposed to be different
than that like opposite like opposite so
that's the first problem is that there's
a paucity I say a paucity an absolute
paucity of evidence that the president
is going easy on China except that he
says nice things about President Xi why
would he do that
why would the diplomat achieve act
diplomatic in public with somebody he
wants to negotiate important trade deals
well why would a diplomat act diplomatic
I don't know the only reason I could
think of for
diplomat the president in this case to
act diplomatic would be if he's being
blackmailed Doha obviously must being
being blackmailed into being respectful
to the leader of another country why
else would you do it so I tweeted that
the story about the Bank of China and
said this is only a story for people
don't understand how banks work so first
of all yeah there's some complication
about who got the loan and what
percentage Trump owns and all that so
it's complicated it's not you know Trump
got a loan there's a big business deal
and with lots of people involved Trump
probably doesn't have any control over
it at this point I think he has a
minority interest of that somebody else
has a managing control but here's what
people don't know about banking
if you borrow $100,000 from your bank
your bank owns you your bank owns you I
mean assuming you don't if you're not
already rich your bank owns you because
you got to pay that back if you don't
pay that back your bank will ruin your
credits and your your life is gonna take
a bad turn right so that's if that's if
you borrow a hundred thousand dollars
from your bank what happens if you
borrow say a few hundred million if you
borrow a few hundred million dollars
from your bank you own the bank I mean
not actually but here's the thing do you
think that the Bank of China could ruin
a borrower unless it was obvious that
the you know that they were doing what
banks do now obviously a bank can
foreclose on a loan if somebody doesn't
pay the loan but do you think the light
that the Bank of China could do
something nefarious to somebody who is a
legitimate business person who did
hundreds of millions of dollars worth of
business with their bank do you think
they can screw that
person right in front of the world if
you think so
you don't know what a bank is alright
the most basic thing a bank has to be is
trustworthy if you take the trustworthy
part out of the bank what is it it's a
place you lost your money right because
if you give your money to somebody that
you don't trust well that's like losing
your money
you might as well just flush it down the
toilet the whole bank idea is that they
are uniquely trustworthy that's their
whole business model if they screw
somebody who is a multi hundred million
dollar borrower right in front of the
whole world because what he did
something that China doesn't like that's
the end of the Bank of China we're not
looking at we're not looking at the Bank
of China blackmailing Trump you're
looking at the Bank of China being on
the edge of going out of business
because if they mess with Trump
everybody is going to know it and if and
banks are fairly generic products
meaning that you know if you don't get a
loan from one person you can get it from
another bank no bank can afford to screw
a customer that big in front of the
world especially one that tells the
world everything that happens right so
it's possible
China could use some kind of clever
manipulation to try to put pressure on
the president and then you know what do
you do well there two possibilities
either this first of all he doesn't have
control of the loan so it wouldn't
wouldn't work anyway but let's let's say
there are two possibilities one is that
the Trump Organization is still good for
the money
in other words they still have the
capability of paying back the loan which
I sorted out in the in the age of
coronavirus I doubt they do but there
are two possibilities they either can
pay the loan back or they can't
if the answer is that they can pay the
load back doesn't matter what the Bank
of China wants to do or call a loan no
because you'll just take it to another
Bank if he's capable of having a load of
that size and servicing it then he's
capable of taking it anywhere else and
anybody else will say oh yeah we'd love
that business looks like you can pay it
back that's the business were him making
loans and get them paid back now let's
take the other possibility the state's
possibility can't pay it back well who
wins in that case the bank doesn't win
the Bank of China isn't gonna be happy
if they don't get paid back so you know
that their levels upon levels upon
levels of this you'd really have to
understand banking to know what the real
ins and outs of it are and the people
writing about this don't so they're just
gonna say it looks like China can
blackmail the president so there's that
all right
I told you I think it was yesterday that
are predicting that sometimes in the
next two weeks there's gonna be big news
and I mean big news in the sense big
news in the sense that there'll be some
big good news it could be good news on
the topic we know is out there brewing
so that might be some therapeutic works
or it might be a new type of test kid or
or something but I think in the next two
weeks you're gonna see let's say a
medical field breakthrough that's real
this relevant coronavirus the reason I
say that is I've just lived long enough
that there there are some patterns that
you you see over and over and given the
intense amount of innovative creative
effort that's going into battling the
coronavirus you would expect that there
would be a period of babies six weeks to
two months for the smartest most
effective people to wrap up whatever it
is they're trying to wrap up so I think
you're going to find out that people
been working on stuff for a while and
they're and they're gonna start
introducing it and rolling it out and it
might it could very easily have nothing
to do with the obvious stuff for example
imagine if next week we found that and
I'm not predicting this I'm just giving
you examples of how it could go imagine
next week we found that everybody in the
country was going to get a oxygen sensor
the kind you put your finger in I've got
one of those and you would just check
your oxygen every day and as soon as it
dipped below whatever number they tell
you maybe dips below 95 maybe dips below
something lower that you would
immediately talk to your doctor or
report it and if you did you would
probably catch symptoms early ish you
know not not in the earliest moments
because it takes a while to get to your
lungs but if you got it at least the
moment it affects your lungs then what
would that do to survival what would
that do to being able to take that
person off the field and quarantine them
because remember the person who's just
getting a little bit of breathing
problem there's something unique about
the corona virus in which you don't
notice the breathing problem apparently
your body compensates by breathing more
quickly to get the same amount of air
but with more breaths and you don't
notice it necessarily so you know we
could have some like little
technological thing that's really just a
manufacturing problem we also will have
better tests I already know of things in
the pipeline that I can't talk about but
there are there there should be in the
next few weeks some breakthroughs and
testing and that would allow us to ramp
up more quickly so you might see that as
well and I think that the news is going
to start becoming a little more positive
meaning that you know the news reports
on whatever is an exception so if it's
all bad news and people are dying then
the news will be about people dying but
because we get 50 states with 50
different back to work plans this is
sort of the perfect situation because
the news is going to look for anything
that's new and say okay what's new and
different today and they'll always be a
state that did something new to get back
to work it's like how state of Tennessee
did this or that let's report on that so
you should see an avalanche of good news
good news in terms of going back to work
etc so look for avalanche of good news
that's coming and I don't know if
that'll affect the stock market but it
should somebody says oh my god don't
take hydroxychloroquine are you dumb are
you talking to me are you talking to me
so my my estimates are still at
hydroxychloroquine 60% chance it doesn't
help
40% chance it does because we don't know
but that's just my estimate
Ramdev fear looks lower at this point
you know maybe that's more like a 10 or
20 percent chance and it works some
early indication that it didn't work at
all well we'll see you can't really
trust anything at this point
speaking of not trusting anything how
much jabbering have you seen about how
Sweden is doing it differently and
Sweden Sweden is having a good results
how much are you hearing that Sweden
Sweden Sweden compared to Sweden well I
saw a doctor today who was looking at
Sweden and said Sweden's not doing
better than anybody else
apparently Sweden's not doing well at
all so Sweden is doing worse than other
countries were sort of similar
Scandinavian countries so and also
Sweden apparently got a late start
meaning that their infections hit them
later so what you should see was Sweden
is that they're approaching their peak
where the country is that the lockdowns
are dear or I've had their peaks and
will start to trail off unless they open
up and don't do a good job of opening up
now
what about the news we heard yesterday
that almost nobody gets this when
they're outdoors how hard would it be to
imagine they'd given at least in the
United States it's summer given that
it's summer how hard would it be to
imagine that just everybody who can move
stuff outdoors just does it and you just
you just open up all your windows keep
your windows open all day and all night
you probably you know could take 70% of
the problem way so there's that are
people still saying it's just the flu I
don't know how many deaths did we get up
to our way up to 50,000 deaths alright
so no matter whether you thought this
was just like the flu or not we can all
agree the 50,000 deaths in the context
of closing down the entire economy is a
lot so how many deaths would you get if
we opened up the economy well if we've
got 50,000 now it would be more right
because the rate of infection all the
experts say will probably start inching
up so the number of people per day you
know will start going up again if it's
already a 50 what would it be by the end
of the year unless we come up with some
new treatments well I think it's gonna
cross a hundred pretty easily so I'm
feeling like the models are not gonna
look that far off I'm also still trying
to find net numbers because you know my
my original well that my prediction is
that it would be five thousand net
deaths because you have to subtract the
people who are living that would have
died in car crashes and stuff if the
economy would have been open so I think
what a rail dinner you know I don't
think my prediction will be accurate I
think it will be the most accurate
meeting I'll be closer than anybody else
it just won't be accurate
Trump called it the flu yeah gosh what
it what are the odds that a non-medical
professional would use the wrong man
that's that's quite surprising still
$2,000 per day or more yeah
what about comorbidity you know the
cortical comorbidities story is more
complicated than we think because
everybody has a comorbidity it seems
like in the United States I feel like
everybody's got something I was just
reading an article by Van Jones in which
he was saying I think he's 50 and he was
saying that he has high blood pressure
and it was pre-diabetic or something so
he thought he might be one of the one of
the people who would have the greatest
risk and he makes the point that in the
black community especially there's so
much so many other problems that if they
get one more thing you know it pushes
them over the top so they're having the
worst time with it and definitely we
should be looking at how to fix that I
agree
you added death the next day all right
we will we're deleting all the people
who are nitpicking my net and here's why
so your block forever and all the rest
of you who do that will be block forever
here's why I did add net after my
original prediction but net is the only
smart way to look at it so having that
that we should look at it in a smart way
is not really much of a difference and
they also made that clarification well
long enough ago that it still counts as
my prediction all right because I made
that well long ago there was certainly
no point at which I thought that 5,000
gross would be the total death count so
if you thought that maybe I wasn't clear
so you can blame me for being unclear
but there's no situation at which
somebody with a degree in economics
would look at the gross when that's
worthless
because we made these changes for the
whole point of reducing the net it's the
net that matters you can look at the
gross also for other reasons but if
you're looking at how many people died
based on the strategy that we're using
it's gonna be bet all right you
literally did though the literally
people you literally did though block so
all the people who have false memories
of my prediction will get blocked
mercilessly blocked I could do this all
day I have to admit I've started to get
sort of a little dopey being hit from
blocking people it kind of feels good
every time I do it and there's some kind
of blocks that feel better than others
but the ones I'm liking the most are the
ones who have a false memory and then
they're accusing me of doing something
bad because they have a false memory but
longtime viewers get blocked yes of
course they do yup it's bad behavior
though shouldn't you have been clear for
an accurate prediction yes I should as I
block you yes absolutely you're right
those of you who are saying that being
clear is better than being unclear well
guess what it's weird but I but I agree
with you I actually agree that it's
better to be clear anybody else want to
want to get weeded out you know the
great thing about this this fake news
about Trump say you wanted to inject
bleach into people's veins the the great
thing about that is as surfaces all the
trolls so you can just you can block
them as you go
just make sure the blocking doesn't
result in echo chamber effect well it
does result in echo chamber effect on my
own periscope but because I exposed
myself to the news on both sides no
matter how much it hurts I don't worry
about that too much I have not found a
good site for statistics to determine
that deaths I've actually looked a few
times but not I haven't really worked at
it too hard because I was also trying to
find out that if you could if I can
determine the net suicide deaths it's a
little hard to determine because they go
up this time of year anyway I guess
there are more suicides spring in summer
so it should be going up from the
baseline if there had been no
coronavirus do you still think things
will look darkest in June it will look
darkest for the unemployed yes but it
will look June will look optimistic for
people who can afford to survive because
things are definitely looking up but if
it's June and you don't have a paycheck
for three months the government's puny
little check is not going to make you
feel that things are going well all
right
just looking at your comics because I
don't have anything else to say don't
block me brah you're safe all right you
know my god it's even on Fox Business
they didn't read the entire yeah are you
telling me that Fox News is reporting
that Trump wanted to put bleach in
people's veins I don't think so
this is one of those cases where you
should use the rule that I introduced in
my book win big Lee and Wiggly now I'll
introduce a loser think I think the the
the Trey
is that if the news just the left or
just the right report something happened
and the other side says it didn't it
didn't happen and you could reverse them
it doesn't matter which side says it
happened and which side says it didn't
happen all you need is one side to say
that it literally didn't happen and you
could be sure it didn't happen all right
so you saw already Breitbart as are you
know even yesterday Breitbart Joe Pollak
had a fact check in which he said the
president was not suggesting putting
bleach into your veins essentially
paraphrasing and so that meets the test
if you're not getting a universal
agreement on the left and right
not interpretation but whether a fact
even happened
you only need one side to say it didn't
happen and you could be sure it didn't
happen assuming that we're all looking
at the same stuff if there was a
difference in the facts like some people
had access to different facts well then
you might say okay there's a reason why
there's a difference in the news but
we're all looking at exactly the same
facts so if either side says we're
looking at it and it's not there it's
not there it's not there all right
everybody knows they should have three
to six months of money save for bills
yeah that's a great idea if you have
enough money but since probably half of
the country has never made enough money
to save enough money that advice Falls a
little bit flat
are you buying any ayt you stock I am
NOT yeah I don't have any financial
interest in the far you V in case you're
wondering
Maddow has a demonstration of injecting
bleach with my god let's see give us a
good weekend mindset oh there you go
there's a good question all right you
want a good mindset to go into the
weekend it goes like this
you can never it's easy to underestimate
human capability because we tend to look
at the people we know or we look at
ourselves and we say to ourselves well
you know I couldn't invented a vaccine
I couldn't invest you know invent a test
kit
I couldn't organize this or that but
there are a lot of capable people in the
world and it does take a you know a
month or two for the the best among us
to get online and get their plans moving
but I think in the next few weeks you're
going to see things that will just make
your head explode it'll be it'll be so
jaw-droppingly creative innovative we
might not know if these new ideas work
next week or next couple weeks but I'm
saying in the next two weeks you're
gonna see humanity at its best in the
next two weeks you will see the human
race the best of us operating at the
best cleanest clearest smartest level
and it will blow you away
now that doesn't mean we're out of the
woods I'm just saying that you're gonna
see something that will that will
inspire you in the next few weeks and
it's only and I'm only predicting it
because of the sort of general pattern
of timing of things you don't expect
good news on day one and but because
it's an emergency you don't expect that
you're gonna have to wait a full year
for some good news
my sense of it is just about the next
two weeks they're gonna be some
delightful surprise
now as you know we've been misinformed
about just about everything you know
we've been misinformed about well just
all the data almost everything but I
think we will be in better shape within
two weeks that's what I think
now I'm like the rest of you I am super
interested in what's going to happen
with the the people who are coming off
house arrest you know that the states
that are opening up early I mean we're
all gonna watch that really carefully to
find out what they do right or wrong
think about think about the the pressure
if you live in one of the states that's
opening early they'll say you're a
citizen of Georgia and your state is
opening early if you the citizens screw
up and you don't do the the basic
requirements you know wear a mask wash
your hands social distance if you don't
do the basics you people in Georgia you
could destroy the world I don't know if
that's is that is that too strong
because if the first states that go back
to work if it doesn't work out we're
going to shut down the economy again and
try to figure out what does work and it
might be too late so the people in
Georgia let me say this to you our of
faiths kinda rest on you folks being
responsible can the folks of Georgia act
responsibly enough to save the Republic
you know it's a little bit of hyperbole
here but not a lot I mean I don't think
I'm stretching it beyond the realm of
things that could happen
it certainly could happen that the
population of Georgia doesn't take us
seriously infections go through the roof
the government says well we tried it
didn't work shut everything down the
economy just disintegrates because it's
just closed for too long
civil arrests you know the rest so the
citizens of Georgia carry with them the
the weight of the Republic and and with
them all of our best intentions all of
our best wishes so the people of Georgia
I say to you you are not alone you are
carrying the country onto your back and
if you don't feel that pressure well I
would like you to feel it I would like
you to feel the pressure you know if
you're thinking of walking out the door
without your face mask because you don't
want to walk back upstairs and get it
because you left it upstairs I would
like to ask you politely and
respectfully think about walking
upstairs think about walking upstairs
because the weight of the republic is on
your shoulders and I hope you take you
seriously because I know I would if the
situation were reversed Georgia I would
very much feel as though I was I was
protecting you
by my own actions and right now you will
be protecting me
and those of us watching and all of us
in the country you will be protecting us
with your good intentions and your good
actions so I have I have faith that you
will pull that off so that's my good
thought for the day the good people of
Georgia will show us the way and I think
we're coming out of it I think we're
starting to turn it around starting to
look good and I will talk to you tonight