bump bump bump bump bump bump oh hi I
didn't see you there
I was just reading my brand-new book
that's just out well technically it
delivers on the 5th but you could buy it
today and it would be at your doorstep
right on time
hey are you here for the simultaneous
sip have you all set your clocks
correctly it looks like it cuz you're
here on time but you know the
simultaneous it is not something you do
alone oh no that would make it non
simultaneous and all you need to connect
with your fellow and fellow and lady
citizens is you need to enjoy the
simultaneous hip with any one of these
things could be a copper margaret glass
snifter stein chalice tanker thermos
flask canteen Grail goblet vessel of any
kind solo with your favorite liquid I
like coffee enjoyed me down for the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better
it's gonna be a great day the
simultaneous em go
I feel us all as one now I'm sure you
can feel it it's very visceral I'm
looking at the number of people were on
live right now I think a lot of people
didn't set their clocks if you know what
I mean alright let's talk about a few
things in the news so three years ago or
so I coined the phrase two movies on one
screen and every time you see it it sort
of reconfirms that that model of the
world and I guess last night President
Trump and Melania went to see a UFC
match at Madison Square Garden and
depending on who was reporting it he
either got booed or he got cheered so I
thought to myself well
how hard could it be to distinguish
between boos and cheers so I play the
video and I listen to it and I think I
can't tell it's one of those you know
obviously there were there were boos and
there were cheers and people decided to
see whichever movie they wanted to see
so one more example of two movies
playing simultaneously on one screen
here's a provocative question I asked on
Twitter yesterday and I want to tell you
before I give you the question that
sometimes questions are meant to be
answered and sometimes questions are
meant to simply take your mind to a
different framework and that's what this
one is this one doesn't need an answer
it just requires you to take your mind
to a different place just to deal with
it here's the question
if there is an impeachment vote in the
Senate let's say it gets to the Senate
and they have to vote on impeachment
should all of the Senators who were
running for president actively running
for president so who would that be that
would be Warren Harris Cory Booker
Klobuchar
did I remember them all should they
recuse themselves from the vote for a
conflict of interest would you feel that
the system was fair if four of the
people voting were actually running from
the job of the person they're trying to
get rid of and they'd been trying to
they've been trying to get him impeached
before any of the the alleged offenses
even happened
Sanders yes Sanders as well thank you
for that now probably what you say to
yourself is Scott Scott Scott there's no
such thing as recusal the Constitution
describes you know what impeachment is
and I guess I guess the house and
Congress have some a lot of flexibility
about the specific rules
but there's no there's no rule that says
you have to recuse yourself but for all
the same reasons that people are arguing
about the process so far should you have
a hidden process where the where the
Republicans don't get the same rights as
the majority so these are all fair
questions now I ask the question not
because I think there's much chance that
the Senators would consider recusal
would take recusal I don't think there's
any chance of it happening but put your
head in that frame for a minute if
people are saying that the president
should not have made that ukraine phone
call for what they consider naked
political reasons should a senator be
able to vote for impeachment for what
looks to the public again the public
doesn't have to be right but it looks to
the public like naked political
interests aren't they similar so the
whole point of the question is to ask
yourself how much can a politician do in
the quest to get reelected can they do
their normal job now if the Senators
just go in and vote on senator business
whether it's an impeachment or anything
else are the Senators not just doing
their job yeah they're just doing their
job but that vote would also be very
important for their personal quest for
election than power
so can you let somebody do something
that's their job taking a vote in the
Senate if at the same time it's clearly
and unambiguously good for them on a
naked ambition level is that okay
because if it's okay for the Senators
certainly it should be okay for a
president who of course is tasked with
looking into foreign interference and
elections and Biden again is still at
the top of the polls not only not only
pulling ahead of other Democrats but
pulling ahead of the president
in in a general election poll are they
not the same I think you have to pick a
side if you pick the side that the
president should not have made that
phone call and or the least the way he
did it because it was too much of her
personal gain and not enough of doing
his job even though it was both if you
think that the balance falls on the
personal gain side then you think maybe
it was wrong but she got to take that
logic to the Senate and say all these
people running for president do you
think they're voting on the facts I
don't think even the Democrats would
believe that do you think the Democrats
would really believe that there was five
politicians running for president would
be basing their vote on the Pietschmann
on the facts I mean seriously
nobody would believe that so pick a side
either either you can do your job or you
can't do your job
if it helps you if you can't do your job
because it helps you somebody says try
flonase I have flonase in me it doesn't
my if you're wondering about my
continuous and nasal problems there's a
sinus infection trying to work through
I'm on my third or fourth antibiotic but
anyway I apologize for that SML is
mocking Elizabeth Warren and her health
care plan and doing a really good job so
kate mckinnon does an incredible
Elizabeth Warren impression very funny
if you haven't seen the replay of it
it's pretty good I gotta say she's
really talented and but here's the
interesting thing
SML is sort of a window into what's a
liberal thinking would they mock
Warren's health care plan they're
blocking the the expense part of the
fact that you know it's impractically
expensive would they mock her for that
if she was their candidate probably not
so it feels like even the left has kind
of a problem with Warren and I don't
know that SNL has picked a favorite to
you wouldn't you think that by now you
can identify who's who SNL as a group
wanted to be President and I'm gonna
give them a compliment I can't tell I
would say that at this point the the SNL
correct me if I'm wrong but I would say
this season on SNL this season not any
past season but this season is the most
fair they've ever been I'm hitting both
sides with you know with good humor
first of all I think it's a very strong
season it's a pretty great political
season for them so they've got good
material but I feel like they're being
completely unbiased at least in the way
it's presented to the public now if you
looked at last season there was an
anti-trump anti-trump anti-trump but
this season looks kind of balanced
actually does their feel to you like a
lot of the impeachment writing that you
see I hate to use this phrase but it
feels like impeachment porn doesn't it
does it not seem that the people who
hate the president that they want to
live in the imaginary world where
impeachment is not only likely but for
obvious reasons and I think that that
when they live in that world of all it's
just a matter of time can't wait for
that impeachment vote all things would
be good don't you think that if you
well actually I'm gonna propose this
experiment so let me propose a
scientific experiment we have various
monitors and sensors you can hook up to
someone's body and you can find out if
they're experiencing something like
happiness or something like stress so
you put the sensors on them and then you
take some anti choppers and you present
them some headlines from what I would
call the impeachment porn kind of
literary field and and then see if their
body registers pleasure because I think
it would I mean common sense says it
would right but I wonder how much you
know when it would it be off the chart
would it be would it be the best thing
they felt all day I don't know because I
feel like they never seemed to get tired
of reading the story where he's doomed
tomorrow to only wake up and find out
that he's still president and then reads
some more stories that really he's
doomed
tomorrow tomorrow and then he wake up
again and he's still president but it
doesn't make the impeachment poured any
less enjoyable apparently because
there's a gigantic market for it
and doesn't seem to be diminishing so
it's hard for me to even look at a lot
of the stuff that the anti-trump per se
as being even political because it
doesn't feel political anymore does it
it feels as though people are
participating in the political process
meaning you know on Twitter or social
media arguing and stuff because of how
it feels and what they're chasing is the
the good feelings so the the anti-trump
are are being fed this continuous stream
of dopamine hits it's like Oh headline
yeah we got him now they get their
little dope to being hit and they feel
connected to all the other anti Trump
errs at the same time I'd be I wouldn't
be surprised if there's like an oxytocin
he had to this is serotonin is it
dopamine oxytocin but there seems to be
a genuine addiction
phenomenon and when I say that I'm not
speaking I'm not speaking in a non
literal term I mean actual literal
addiction in the same way you know you
can you can train chickens to peck on
something to get a reward and they'll
just be addicted especially if if the
rewards are in consent
that's where you get the best addiction
consistent rewards we'll just bore you
but in consistent rewards the chicken
will just keep trying to get that next
reward and all the impeachment stuff
feels like that it feels like
inconsistent rewards of like yeah this
is gonna work okay that one didn't work
but let's keep pecking peck peck peck
peck peck chickens pecking
yeah there's there's an image for you
imagine if you will every anti-trump
were that you know is that chicken
that's pecking on something and trying
to get a reward and can't understand why
the reward doesn't you know every single
type but every now and then group would
be an article that they'll say oh
there's a pellet let me eat this pill oh
wow is he still president what I just
ate a pellet are you kidding me and he's
still president back back back back so
this was looking like me in my book have
I mentioned my book loser think I talked
about laundry list persuasion and I also
teach people to take a photograph of the
book any any page of the book just take
your camera poop and use that page as
your argument on Twitter or social media
I I model this and you can see it in my
I think it's my pinned tweet today
because Alyssa Milano I was gonna call
her actress Alyssa Milano but I actually
have a lot of respect for her and I
don't want to do to her what people do
to me all the time like I'm writing
books about politics I'm going on TV
about politics I'm talking about
persuasion but when people want to
diminish me they say the Dilbert cartoon
is that you know to to make it seem as
if if you do one thing you can't
possibly do a second thing like that's
that's not allowed and I almost did the
same thing to her so I almost said
actress Alyssa Milano
now obviously she has a
has a career as an actress but she
spends so much time and and I compliment
her for the energy and the effectiveness
she puts into politics I don't think
it's fair to say that I don't think it's
fair to say actress Alyssa Milano
anymore when you're talking about
politics so I'm gonna say political
activists political activists how about
that political advocate so I like
anybody who works hard is well-meaning
has you know has the country's interests
in mind I don't think she's got some
personal benefit that comes out of this
in fact it probably costs and roles I
would imagine it's probably bad for her
career by the way so I don't agree with
her on most of the Trump related stuff
but I have complete respect for for
changing fields which is another topic
in lose I think so one of the one of the
topics in there is about the most looser
ish advice anybody could ever give you
is stay in your lane you know keep your
day job it's literally the worst advice
anybody could ever give you because you
met can you imagine what civilization
would look like if people just stuck to
what they were good at you wouldn't have
anything you wouldn't have any Apple
computers airplanes you wouldn't have
any you inanity automobiles you wouldn't
have anything if people stayed in their
lane and never tried to do the new thing
well there'd be no Dilbert
Dilbert wouldn't exist this book
wouldn't exist my last 11 books wouldn't
exist and this periscope wouldn't exist
but almost everything good comes from
somebody leaving their lane you can't
have worse advice of that and what I
hear anybody say that I just say to
myself well there's somebody who is
locked in a what are they locked in a
bubble that's one of the ways you get
locked in a bubble if you believe that
what you're good at is all you should do
you're trapped
because if you believe about others
certainly you believe it about yourself
so that's one of the bubble walls all
right but anyway back to Alyssa Milano
she she listed nine reasons that the
president should be impeached now so I
took I took a photograph of a page from
my book a laundry list persuasion that's
called and what to do about it now when
people have one good reason to make
their point do they give you a ten they
don't if somebody has one or two good
reasons let's say three at a most
they'll give you those reasons but if
they don't have any good reasons they'll
give you ten reasons and the reason is
that they don't have any compelling
reasons so you have to try to compensate
with volume so if you've seen ten
reasons from something not a hundred
percent of the time but very reliably
you can assume that this is not a
credible point of view no it's it's a
probably a confirmation bias point of
view so you're her Alyssa Milano's nine
things that the president should be
impeached for obstructing justice
violation of the emoluments clause
collusion advocating political violence
abuse of power predicting political
predicting political opponents
predicting the must been a typo in that
attacking the Free Press violating due
process for immigrants and quid pro quo
with Ukraine now these are all
impeachable offenses now if you believe
that these are all in peach' below
offenses and there are nine of them are
you are you confused why there are zero
Republicans who are willing to believe
any of them nine reasons and lots of
Republicans you can't get one Republican
not one you can't get a single
Republican to say that there's anything
on the list any of the nine things that
is impeachable doesn't that make you
wonder now if you were ELISA
or anybody on the
team do you wake up and say man those
Republicans are really unified in what
world in what world our Republicans
unified well yeah there's like 95% like
the president you know the job Easter
and etc but don't we have we have people
peeling off for pretty much almost
everything it's pretty hard to get even
all the Republicans on the same side but
there's nine serious charges of
impeachment and you can't get one
Republican not one who is actually you
know in office that should make you
wonder about the strength of your things
anyway the tech technique I advise in
the book and here on periscope is that
you you ask them to give give you your
best the best the strongest point on the
list and you get an agreement in advance
then once you have debunked the
strongest point okay we both agree that
everything else is less important than
the one that wasn't even real so you
don't do them all that's a trap because
you'll just be playing whack-a-mole and
until you do Punk all nine of them and
then the first one will pop up like
you'd ever debunked it so don't even
bother that just go after the strongest
one how do we know what would be the
strongest one here's a here's an
interesting conspiracy theory I am NOT
presenting this as true I'm just saying
it fits the observations so well that I
had to scratch my head and wonder and it
comes from article on zero hwedge.com
where they are there's some speculation
without evidence right so there's no
concrete evidence list this is just
speculation that the real reason that
the California electrical grid was being
shut down was not really because of fire
risk but rather because we get our
energy from windmills and one of the
qualities of windmills is that they only
work within a band of wind power if the
if the wind is too strong
which was
a problem that we were told about with
turning off the power this story was
that the wind was so strong would knock
down power lines and that they would
spark fires so it's better just to turn
them off while the wind is blowing but
there's speculation that was a fake
reasons and that the real reason is that
so much of our energy is now produced by
windmills wait for it so much of our
energy in California is produced by
windmills that we can't have energy when
the wind is blowing too hard because the
windmills don't work when the wind goes
above a certain miles per hour so the
thought was it would be too embarrassing
to say you know we don't have any
electricity because our windows don't
work when it's really windy now even
though there's a solid engineering
reason why they don't work when it's
really windy that's not a good look and
so you have to ask yourself is the state
that has made such a brand and moving to
green green energy did they find
themselves in a pit in a pinch that
would have debunked one of the most
important California priorities which is
to go green would it have exposed their
going green gave us too much exposure to
undependable energy sources in this case
now again there is no direct evidence
that that was part of any part of the
calculation but you have to wonder
because we use a lot of wind power here
I asked yesterday if there's anybody is
switching topics here so Coble Harris
was reducing expenses and reducing her
footprint for her campaign at least in
New Hampshire and I asked is there
anybody who's ever decreased their
campaign spending during the primaries
and then went on to Wed at least win the
primary and the answer is yes historians
are telling me that both Kerry and
McCain did some pairing back
the processor than wouldn't win the
nomination before losing in the general
so apparently they're just the fact that
you've pared back your operation is not
enough to take you out
so kabbala is still alive barely just
for fun I'm gonna keep my original
prediction that she'll get the
nomination I think all of you would
agree the odds of that happening are
really small they'll like vanishingly
small but for fun I'm just gonna keep
the prediction until we actually know
until she till she drops out I would say
your odds are very very very very low
but if you would ask me one of the lot
but here's the question if you were to
ask me what are the odds that one of the
other candidates even one of the
high-ranked ones gets the nomination I'd
say low isn't there a whole bunch of
people who have very little chance of
getting nominated because I think Biden
will fall apart
Warren is unelectable than the general
Bernie's unelectable in the general
somebody's gonna have to get the
nomination mayor Pete doesn't do well in
a poll of you know the entire country
all right here here's a sign that the
other team is running out of material so
in the Atlantic which is well known as a
probably the most virulent virulent
aggressive anti Trump publication David
Graham writes or at least the headline I
don't know if he wrote the headline it
might have added editor who wrote the
headline but they talked the headline is
Trump's reverse cover-up
Trump is being blamed for what they call
a reverse cover-up by telling us what
the transcript of the Ukrainian call was
before anybody really asks for too much
I mean I'm sure people are asking for it
but he gave it up easily
and they're saying wait a minute what
kind of trickery is this when you're not
covering stop I'm not making this up
the Atlantic just wrote an article
saying that he's trying to hide his
crime by showing us all the evidence
it's called a reverse coverup and the
thinking is that the public won't
understand the details so the very fact
that he's made a public and he's
offering to do a fireside chat to read
it out loud for anybody who hasn't heard
it this is what I talked about yesterday
I said it lead it gives the impression
that there's nothing there to worry
about because he's being so transparent
about it and says I'll do a fireside
chat
I'll read the damn thing to every one of
you in the country that's how not a
problem it is and and then David Graham
in the Atlantic says quote the partial
transcript is deeply incriminating
capturing the president pressuring the
szalinski to investigate a political
rival and to intervene in Americans
election as part of a quid pro quo
what does deeply incriminating mean
deeply incriminating does that mean in
law was violated no it doesn't mean that
because I don't believe there's an
allegation of a law being broken so
deeply incriminating of what because
it's not incriminating he showed you the
transcript
there's no incrimination there's just
what happened and we all know what
happened so I don't know if
incriminating is even the word doesn't
feel like it fits here because even the
accused is completely transparent about
what happened on the phone call it's a
weird situation where we're all looking
at it and again it's two movies on one
screen you know you see what you want to
see LeBron James was playing somewhere
yesterday I didn't really care but there
were some spectators in the front row
where you can't miss them
you know the ones we were just sitting
right with her feet on the court who had
free Hong Kong t-shirts on
imagine being LeBron James and of course
you see the people whose feet are right
on the court they often interact with
them and stuff and you look over and
there's somebody there with a free Hong
Kong shirt on and several of them I
guess does that does that get in your
head I would think so I would think so
so I'm not a big sports fan but I
thought it was interesting though Steve
Kerr has been you know the head of the
Warriors and very anti-trump had been
loud it as one of the best coaches in
the NBA so Steve Kerr one of the best
coaches and he kept winning all these
championships etcetera but this year he
doesn't have good players
he has weaker players than he did when
he was the best coach ever and now I
watched two of their games and they
scored something like half of what the
other teams scored they didn't even look
like an NBA team and so you have to ask
yourself
somebody's pointing out that Steve Kerr
coincidentally coaches Stephan curry so
there's two Steve Kerr errors in there
which is weird all right
so how good a coach is Steve Kerr
because as soon as he doesn't have the
best players who have ever lived on the
planet on the same team he doesn't win
games it's just an open question just I
just don't know how good he is because
we've never seen him with bad players
that way he's not doing so well with bad
players not bad players but he doesn't
have the championship quality had before
how are we doing here so Biden is
leading in all the polls but there was
and there's a recent poll that confirms
that for leading in the polls not just
in the primaries but in a
pathetic little general election and
here's one of the findings of the polls
people are not terribly concerned if if
their preferred candidate has the right
policies well let me say that again
because you probably think I'd misspoke
Democrats are not terribly concerned if
the candidate they prefer has the right
policies is that all you need to know
that's all you need to know right there
now I don't know what it wasn't not a
majority to anthem but there was some
some big choke a minority who were just
like well I like the candidate even if
the policies are wrong that's the world
you live in I guess some combat veterans
were asked about the idea of giving
conan the hero dog the one that caused
i'll baghdad he didn't blow himself up
they asked about giving the dog the
Purple Heart what do you think the
combat veterans who got Purple Hearts
thought about the idea of a dog getting
a medal that's reserved for human heroes
what do you think they thought of that
great idea yeah the only people who
think that's a bad idea are people who
were not in the military or have not
served in combat who are justifiably
concerned that it would show a lack of
respect but I think it's telling and
interesting that the people who have
actually done those jobs people have
been in combat people have been wounded
people who got the you know
Congressional Medal of Honor or whatever
that the people who've actually been in
war with dogs so far everyone that I've
seen interviewed it seems to be a
hundred percent the people who've been
in contact combat especially if they've
had dogs in combat with them are saying
hell yeah gives the dog a Purple Heart
no question about it now I think there's
a law about who can get a Purple Heart
so they might
to change the law uh or to give them a
special maybe a dog Purple Heart that's
got a little paw on it I think you've
seen that a great idea at least the
second dog to receive it I don't know
about that something says that some
other dog has received it but I don't
have information on that I've got to get
ready to fly heading off to New York on
book tour you might get sick of me in
the next couple of weeks
but please buy my book lose to think
because if you do it will push it above
the anti-trump books which are ahead an
event on a couple of the bestseller list
now if I was feeling pretty cocky this
morning because the category on Amazon
of what is it business business humor
books the the top three items in that
category right now or my book the Kindle
version of my book and the Dilbert
calendar so talk about owning a category
io in that category that's like like an
eagle Scott all right have a great trip
thank you I will I don't know if I'll be
able to do my periscopes everyday at the
same time on the road we'll be in a
different time zone and busy during the
day but I'll try to do one a day if it's
not at the appointed time it'll be
sometime and I will talk to you all
later