hey where is everybody Tom get in here
you're the fastest one Andrew unikz RAB
mathias Andy Barry and deep southern
come on in here hey juju and and I don't
know what that name is and somebody with
a bikini and Joe and all right gimme her
as you might have already noticed I was
not doing periscope this morning I'm in
a different time zone doing some press
for the for the paperback edition of
wind Bigley so if you don't have win
Bigley yet you don't know what
everybody's talking about
I feel sorry for you if you haven't read
wind begley but on the other end you are
very clever to wait because if you
waited you can buy the paperback edition
and it's lighter to carry on the plane
so pick that up do me a favor all right
somebody said I just interrupted them
from watching the video of Ben Shapiro
and I talking by the way if you haven't
seen that you can find it just google it
just google my name and Ben Shapiro
it'll come up and I'm hearing that
people really like it which is weird
because when I left the interview I
remember thinking to myself oh I wish I
had done better you know I wish I had I
wish I had said things a little
differently but apparently people like
it so maybe you should watch it
alright so let me talk about two social
experiments that I have been running on
Twitter that many of you have been part
of now I wasn't trying to hide it so
everything I'm going to tell you was
obvious in public but let me put the
frame on it that I have
yet so the first one was I was asking
people to send me some information about
George Soros to tell me specifically
what was he funding how much of their
budget did he fund because if it's only
1% it doesn't mean much if it's a
hundred percent of some organizations
budget well that means he's in charge so
if we don't know what percentage he's
giving to any organization we don't know
what year he did it and we don't know
what he's trying to achieve it's kind of
hard to say what's going on and instead
of getting useful information of the
foreign that would say George Soros did
this here's the link to it and here's
why this is bad I didn't get anything
like that
but I got a whole bunch of people saying
stuff such as well look at this video
clip of his sixty minutes interview in
which he said he enjoyed being a Nazi
collaborator that didn't happen if you
watch the unedited version of that it's
completely different so first of all
most of the people who are hating on
George Soros are starting from a fake
news standpoint the video in which it
appears that he was enjoying being a
Nazi collaborator is just fake news if
you see the whole thing in context it
doesn't mean what it looks to mean when
you see it out of context secondly who
the hell cares what does it matter to me
what Soros did when he was 14 that
doesn't affect me I only care what he's
doing now so if you were pointing me to
1940s - tell me why you don't like
George Soros today you haven't answered
the question so here's my preliminary
take and I'm open to revising this and
indeed I think there might be a really
good chance that someone will give me
information that will cause me to revise
it so I'm not locked in on this opinion
but so far it appears
that soros derangement syndrome is an
equivalent of trump derangement syndrome
it's just on the right instead of the
left so I am completely unconvinced that
there is an argument against George
Soros which is coherent it might be that
he talks like a vampire that people
don't like that it might be something
anti-semitic that people don't say out
loud but they're sort of thinking it it
might be because he does seem to be
doing things that Israel doesn't like I
don't know exactly what but to the to
the degree that he tries to be balanced
that would be bad if your interests are
the interest of your country Israel is
most interested in Israel as it should
be
the United States is most interested in
the United States I think we should be
Canada should be mostly interested in
Canada so if George Soros is doing
something that might be good for one
country let's say good for Canada but
less good for the United States the
United States has a reason to complain
about that but I'd like to see the data
that would support them all right so
enough about that I've talked about him
before so I tried a similar experiment
today on Twitter in which I've been
seeing summaries of what types of people
are causing this domestic terrorism the
violence the killing and the summaries
tend to say things such as there are X
number of people who are white
supremacists who who kill people and
there are X number who are lefties who
killed people to which I say I don't
know if I trust that and so I wanted so
what I asked for
on Twitter was I asked for anybody who
could give me a list of all the way
supremacist or at least by political
affiliation what what terrorist domestic
terrorist stuff they've done and then I
would compare that to a list of the
other side say left-leaning people and
maybe Islamist to just complete it and
here's my contention if you have never
seen a list of the one I described there
is no information that's useful here and
what happened was people massively
tweeted me things that they thought were
the answers to my questions but quite
markedly or not and I'm going to read
you some of the responses just so you
can see how wild this is so that this is
a like a really interesting in my
opinion very interesting psychological
experiment so what I was doing here is
seeing if people had a blind spot and if
they could see it so here was the
original tweet I said can someone tweet
me a detailed list detail being the
operative word of domestic terror
incidents sorted by political
affiliation of the perpetrator and then
I said and here's the fun part
I said please do not not not and each of
the knots was in capitals so please do
not not not send me totals without
details there was a worthless how many
people responded by sending me exactly
what I said in clear language do not not
not send me to it totals without details
quite a few how many people sent me a
list of just the leftists quite a few
how many people sent me to a source that
talked about the totals without showing
them how many people a lot how he sent
me to someplace where I could do the
research myself that's not what I asked
for if the only answer is I can do the
research for myself
that means nobody did the research which
is my hypothesis so if you want if you
look at the comments they are
hilariously blind spotted so there's
some people send me the Wikipedia link
which talks about it but doesn't show
them you know the list next to each
there I guess I would have to research
their links and make the list myself but
here's the problem if you have a list of
what Breitbart says is all of the
leftist violence and you have a list of
let's say what CNN said just
hypothetically of all the violence from
white supremacists or even just people
who are on the right could you compare
those two lists and say this one is
bigger than this one no you could not
you could not because the method that
those two entities used would of course
be different so you wouldn't know
anything so people who are sending me
one side like hey I've got the answer
for you and I think there were dozens of
people who send me a Breitbart article
showing six hundred some left-leaning
acts of violence
domestically what does that do to answer
my question
nothing it doesn't do anything it's the
same as a blank page because if it
doesn't on the same by the same author
using the same methodology if it doesn't
show you what's the other side you don't
know anything is 600 a lot I don't even
know it's a big country 600 might not
even be a lot it is the violence on the
right
twice as much half as much I don't know
so if you look at the comments it'll
blow your mind when you see how clearly
I asked the question knowing that either
a hundred percent or something close to
that would hallucinate the question so
that they could answer it in a way
that's compatible somebody's saying
you're being thick Scott all right
that's cognitive dissonance so the
people who were coming in and just
insulting me for asking the most the
most reasonable question anybody ever
asked are suffering a cognitive you know
crisis because how many people were sure
they knew the answer to who where the
violence is coming from well a lot of
people according to my my Twitter feed a
lot of people thought that they
that they they knew the answer that a
lot of people thought they knew I saw
Rose is an evil monster but when I asked
them to show me even this slightest
rudimentary reason even the slightest
little useful piece of information it's
just silence it's nothing so here's here
are my preliminary conclusions which I'm
willing to I'm willing to update so
preliminary I believe that the people
who think Soros is a monster don't know
anything about them and they don't have
an argument to back it up they do have
hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of
articles in which other people gave
their opinion I've read some of the
articles because a lot of people
forwarded me stuff and the articles have
things such as soros wants to destroy
Israel or Soros wants to destroy the
United States to which I say did he say
that well is that mind reading you know
what where did he say anything like that
somebody said why would Hungary ban him
is that an argument is the argument that
Hungary doesn't like George Soros and
therefore he's bad for the United States
is that an argument because Hungary is
not the United States there are actually
different countries with very different
things going for them hungry well I I
would get exhausted if I tried to list
all the differences between Hungary and
the United States
so does Hungary have a good reason for
banning him I don't know I haven't heard
it but I've heard a lot of people say
Hungary banned him now I believe the
issue is that and correct me if I'm
wrong the Hungary is very aggressive on
borders I believe they have a border
wall am I am I correct on that or at
least a fence
I believe Hungary closed their border
and that Soros is more Pro immigration
there are a lot of people who are
pro-immigration
who are not the devil and unless Soros
is making a difference in that country
he's just a player with an opinion all
right
so I believe that it is a conspiracy
theory that Soros is the devil without
you without giving you an opinion of
whether he's done anything worthy of
this I don't know but I can conclude and
this part I'm confident of that
maybe nearly all of the people who have
a strong opinion about Soros it's not
based on anything it's based on what
they heard other people talking about
without the without the supporting facts
secondly I believe that any comparison
of of domestic acts on the Left versus
domestic acts of the right has never
been made III believe that it's looked
at through such a political lens that
nobody's ever done an analysis where you
could just compare look I made these two
lists using the same criteria this list
is bigger than this list if that's been
done that would be great I'd love to see
it but hundreds of people in my Twitter
feed who have a strong opinion on this
topic couldn't find one and we have
Google if Google can find it right now
let's talk about the who gets blamed for
this is it that should the president be
blamed could the president be blamed for
the uptick in violence well I don't know
if this is true but people have been
tweeting around a list this show that
shows that the domestic acts of violence
spiked under Obama and then this would
just be a continuation of that line but
do I believe those graphs no because
they're summaries I can't see the detail
I don't
made the graph so I don't know if that's
true but we should at least figure that
out for context you know is that was the
trend up that is started under Obama or
was it a sort of flat or declining trend
and that in the age of Trump it went
just like that which of those two things
is true if you don't know the answer to
that question you don't know a frickin
thing about this topic I don't know the
answer to that question so I'm talking
about myself I don't know a frickin
thing about this topic but I'm pretty
sure you don't either yeah now I'm
pretty sure other people don't as well
so here's my take on it the the argument
about whether the president should take
some responsibility about it is a sort
of a fake trick argument and by that I
mean people are shifting the definition
of what that means to to fit their to
fit their political agenda here's here's
the rational way to look at it the
rational way to look at it is that there
are different filters to look at this if
you look at it from a legal filter the
president is absolutely not responsible
for the violent acts of a stranger even
the anti-trump people agree with that
secondly from a social perspective how
should we treat each other socially what
kind of civilization do we want how do
we how we how do we want to judge each
other from that filter even president
Trump's critics also give him a pass and
say you just can't judge you know one
person's talk as the cause of a sudden
strangers action that's not fair
but if you were to look at it as a
science person let's call that a
scientist if you're going to look at it
that way you would say if there are tens
of millions of people listening maybe
hundreds of millions listening to
somebody who is speaking provocatively
what are the odds that at least one
person and let's say more than one
but at least one person who has some
mental issues will be triggered by that
provocative speech to go out and do
something that we wish they hadn't done
the answer to that is about a hundred
percent there's a hundred percent chance
because the the population is so big
that there's a hundred percent chance
that the way you talk will trigger
somebody but now let's put it in context
was that true under President Obama
I don't know neither do you but it
probably was do you believe that nobody
killed anybody with pull to the Obama
administration while thinking that that
was part of the reason I would guess
that that's a fairly common thing to
happen and part of it is that people
look for excuses to put on their evil so
people look for a reason they say well
you know I want to kill somebody today I
think it's because of Obama I think it's
because of immigration right so you
can't always trust people's
reasons even if they're screaming them
while they're shooting people those
might be the excuses they might just be
crazy people want to show people and
they need a rationale for it
so you have to watch out for that but
then you also further have to put it in
context by saying how does that compare
to other things that affect the public
for example what about some forms of
music can music make somebody go kill
people if you're normal now a normal
person doesn't go kill people because
they heard something ugly on a song but
if you're talking about hundreds of
millions of people listening to music
and some of them are just just put it on
repeat they've got their headphones on
and all their hearing is kill this you
know do that slap slap this punch that
could those few people who are not
mentally stable and
millions could they be inspired to kill
somebody because of music and the answer
is a hundred percent yes you know almost
no chance it affects everybody but a
hundred percent chance somebody
listening to music killed somebody
because of it
how about videogames does the average
person become violent because they
watched a video game absolutely not it's
been tested I believe it's been tested
they've put normal people in the room
and doesn't really change it much they
can tell the difference between fake
violence and real violence but if you
have hundreds of millions of people
playing violent video games and some few
of those hundreds of millions are
mentally unstable could the video game
be a reason or a trigger or a you know
the last necessary variable to cause
them to be violent yes a hundred percent
chance the video games kill people a
hundred percent chance
there's not even any there's not a trace
of doubt about that now so if you're if
you're if you're trying to size how bad
is that the Trump speaks provocatively
and uses sort of you know punch um
Kickham language how big a deal is that
well it's probably if I had to just sort
of use my best judgment based on what I
know about the world and how it works
probably similar to music probably
similar to video games now that doesn't
mean he should do it
if you said Scott are you saying he
should keep talking the way he used to
talk I would say no I don't think so
I I think that the smartest thing he
could do with what six days until the
midterm the smartest thing he could do
is to say that he plans to stop doing
that and that people should call him out
if he does it again he should actually
just you should invoke the help of the
public that if he goes too far that they
should call him out
and then he should say I'm gonna try to
tone this down
the trouble is doing so would make it
seem like he was taking responsibility
for what's happened in the past that's
very problematic so you'd have to be
very careful about how he presented it
it would be better to say we should all
do this and all go first so if he puts
it that way it goes down better now
whenever I say something like this like
the president should do X let me put on
my humility hat I don't have a humility
hat so I'll put on my humility my
humility earphones now the reason I put
on the humility headphones is I ask
myself if I were to go back in time to
2015 you know if I were a time traveler
and I could go back and somehow I met
with candidate Trump and he said look
here's my plan to be president here are
all the tweets I'm gonna send for the
next few years what do you think it's
pretty pretty genius isn't it I think
this will make me president I would have
looked at his list and I would say oh
god oh no you got to get rid of this one
I gotta get rid of this one this was a
mistake
that one's a mistake you have to know
that none of us would have advised him
to act the way he acted and the way he
acted made him president of the frickin
United States so if you think you can
look into all the things he did and say
well ok I'll give you that this actually
worked
but these parts these parts I got to
take out of there
because these parts were clearly bad
parts maybe maybe you might be right but
it could be that the that the
provocative talk that we we realize is
going too far
is exactly what makes him interesting
and being interesting is what allows him
to control our thoughts and that allows
him to persuade so it might be that he
shouldn't do this it might be that
pulling you back a little bit would help
him I would advise it
I've seen you know I saw karl rove
advise it I think I've seen every
talking head in the world advise it on
both sides but you know we don't really
know it's a little it's a little more
complicated then don't talk bad because
bad things will happen because there are
more variables involved alright so the
so it is my opinion that it would be
brilliant to dial it back and to
announce he's dialing it back before the
midterms because the the biggest
complaint about the president right now
is that he talks he talks being right so
if your biggest problem is that you talk
meme and you announce that you're gonna
stop doing it right before people vote
it's gonna have to put a little doubt in
their heads and after the election he
could go back to talking mean if he
needs to but it would be a real
effective thing to get in front of it
and say yeah you know let's let's step
back and you know maybe I'll try a try a
few months of being nicer and see what
happens
I don't know if being nice will work
we'll see so so that that's my frame on
it you now the other thing I asked in
the Twitter poll is whether fake news
was a bigger or smaller problem than
Trump's rhetoric and of course it's a
highly unscientific highly biased poll
but I think 75 percent said fake news
was worse you know I would agree now let
me ask you this if President Trump were
not battling against fake news would he
need to be as provocative as he is mad
man suppose suppose the anti Trump press
just covered the news straight just gave
us the facts would President Trump
feel the need to be as provocative as
is I don't know the answer that but you
have to ask that question because the
fake news and Trump are not separate
entities they're like one monster that
when one moves the other moves with it
when one hits the other hits back they
are joined they don't like it neither
them wants to be joined but the fact is
that the media both yeah and you know
the entire media not just the fake media
but they are joined at the hip and so
you cannot say that President Trump acts
independently even when you're looking
at his provocative language it's not
independent of how the news is treating
him he does what he needs to do to get
the job done in his mind some of us
would disagree about the method but he's
clearly doing what he can do in the face
of a hostile media and so to ask him to
tone down while the media is staying at
DEFCON 10 I'm not sure that's fair would
it be fair to say Trump should change
and the anti Trump media should just do
what they've been doing I don't think so
because if he started getting
uninteresting and the news remained
interesting he's at a great disadvantage
so I think it would be fair to say it
would be fair to him to say I'd really
like to tone it down can he help me okay
can you fix for example the
Charlottesville fake news where Trump
said both sides of the Statue issue were
fine people or that that were finding
people on both sides of that issue and
the news the anti-trump news reported it
as that he says white supremacists are
fine people that never happened take
that away go first go first CNN that's a
challenge to you I know some of your
producers are gonna see this go first
just take back the Charlottesville hoax
and see what the president does you know
test it if you if you think if you think
less provocative talk is good for the
country go first yes somebody says nope
they won't well I'm not I'm not
optimistic that that would happen but
the only point I'm making is that the
president doesn't operate in a vacuum a
huge part of why he chooses the
strategies he does is because the
context he's got to get above the noise
and be the strongest voice right now the
noise is so evil the only way to get
above it is with a good dose of
hyperbole which he does why because it
works because it works that's why he
does it then somebody said the
Charlottesville thing is I have to read
that kind of that dumbass comment sorry
I can't stroll there for some reason
somebody said Charlottesville is not a
hoax because it is demeanor I'm sorry
apologist again I'll delete the guy who
thinks apologist is part of reason so
the people calling me an apologist keep
in mind that I disagree with the
President on health care I think
immigration could be better race
relations should be better I disagree
with statues etc so but the
Charlottesville hoax is pretty clearly
factually on my side here so you don't
have to wonder if I'm shading it let me
ask you this if you believe that the
president was calling the white
supremacists fine people do you think he
also meant the other side or fine people
meaning anti-shah do you think the
president decided to label some people
and anti-fog fine people no do you think
that he went on television and decided
that as a sitting president who as far
as we can tell is not crazy
decided there would be a good strategy
to throw in with the white supremacists
on national television no no that never
happened it's ridiculous on its face and
what he was asked to clarify he
disavowed them in the clearest possible
language yes it was about the statues
and he probably didn't know exactly who
was at the event he knew some of the
players but not all of them and he made
a standard comment that there are good
people on both sides of the statue
question now I happen to be on the
opposite side from the President on the
Statue question so I'm on the side that
says which you know the statues are just
decorations and if they're offensive
well that's a bad decoration and they're
clearly offensive to a significant
portion of the population population why
do you put up a decoration that's
offensive it's the worst thing that's
the worst idea in the world for a
decoration erasing history is wrong yes
that's why I'm not suggesting that you
change the history books I'm not
suggesting you change the Internet I'm
suggesting you change your decorations
do you ever read a curate your house why
do you ever read a curate your house why
not leave it the way it was for history
do you want to change history the
changing history thing is a terrible
argument history should not be erased is
a statue really history yet do you
remember when you were in seventh grade
history class and and the teacher said
you know we were gonna use books we were
gonna use books but instead we're just
going to take you down to look at the
statue because that's history now the
statue is not history that's a dumb dumb
argument a statue you know it's it's not
history any more than everything else in
the world is history right you can you
can preserve all of your history without
a statue in fact I live in a town that
does not have a statue how do I learn
history if statues are history
all right I think you get my point then
put it in a museum then people could go
look at them yeah I'm not sure how easy
it is to move these gigantic statues to
museum but you know in principle that
would be a fair thing to do the statue
will be history when it's removed true
if you move the statues to a different
place where they could be put in context
because I don't think that's offensive
you know there there's such a thing as
the Holocaust Museum but nobody's saying
they're Pro Holocaust or if they are I
don't want to be them but if you move
the Confederate statues do their own
Museum nobody's going to say you're
praising you know slavery they're gonna
say well you put it in context thank you
no one worthy of a statue in California
somebody said well baby I'll be the
first
I hope somebody's starting to carve my
statue
there's a lot of offensive art that's
offensive to somebody where do you draw
the line good good question and I think
there's a good standard for that if a
hundred percent of the public disliked a
public decoration should you remove it
let's say they were offended deeply
offended
most people say yes if a hundred percent
of the people disliked it suppose it was
just one person in the whole world just
one person should you remove the statue
or they are no it's just one person
you got the whole public wants it to
stay what if it's 40 percent of the
public is deeply offended yes yes if 40
percent of the public is offended by a
public statue you move that statue now
how many people are deeply offended by
the Confederate statues I don't know
but it's probably somewhere in the 20 to
50 percent range somewhere in there is
that enough to say we should get rid of
it
yes in my opinion a public statue that
offends nearly all African Americans and
a lot of other folks too is absolutely
inappropriate it has nothing to do with
history you can put it in a museum as
people say take a picture of it all
right
the reason they are offended is because
of the yeah slavery you know it's one
thing to be offended by a piece of art
because you don't like it it's another
thing to be reminded of slavery that's a
different situation going on for decades
yeah I wouldn't make any I wouldn't
compare Christmas decorations to slavery
if you don't mind I think I'm gonna keep
those separate topics what if it was 1%
of people I think it was 1% there would
be an argument to not get rid of it but
it would also depend on their argument
if the 1% had a pretty compelling
argument I listen to it that doesn't
mean I'll agree but I would certainly
listen to an argument 1% is actually a
lot of people you know it's not a high
percentage but it's a lot of people I
would certainly listen to what they had
to say all right
I believe I've said what I need to say
so I didn't realize this but apparently
I get I guess some small amount of money
when people send me these super hearts
or hearts or something so if anybody's
inclined to do that please do I'm not
sure exactly how it works but somehow
you if you tap the side of your screen
hearts appear and some of them are super
hearts and I don't know what any of that
means but for some reason periscope will
give me some small amount of money if
you do that which you don't need to do
is optional
what about 0.01 again it would depend on
the the argument let's say there was a
statue of well I don't know I can't
think of an example but it's unlikely
that point no 1% would be good enough to
remove a statue you changed my mind in
this subject I changed somebody's mind
look at me being all persuasive and
everything
so whoever said that that I changed
their mind props to you because you
really rarely see anybody change their
mind based on argument or or data it's a
very rare thing and to to whoever it was
who just went by I forgot to look at
your name whoever said that they changed
their minds I have a lot of respect for
that because it's just so rare it's just
a great quality just to be able to
change your mind is is really terrific
alright this is my TV shirt somebody
asked me about my TV sure this is my TV
shirt so tomorrow I'll be on Fox and
Friends I'm scheduled to show up which
doesn't mean I'll be on the air but I'll
be showing up for the a30 Eastern Time
so West Coast people have got to wake up
early
it's 5:30 Western so sometime after the
a30 Eastern Time I'll be on there for a
few minutes and I will explode some more
minds you changed my mind about jump
well let me ask you this question
because this could be interesting how
many of you have ever changed your mind
about let's say a political topic
because of me just shall be in the
comments how many of you have changed
your mind on anything doesn't matter
what it is you could mention what it is
or if you just say yes whichever you're
comfortable with
you've changed mine but not this time
I'm just looking at your comments open
your mind to Trump time to sport gab
let's talk about gab so I find myself in
a very awkward situation with gab so
I'll just I'll just completely I'll be
full disclosure all right because
there's no right answer here so I'll
just fully disclose and then you can do
with it what you will I of course like
free speech I of course don't like any
any suggestion that Twitter would be
shadow banning any conservative voices
but here's the problem with a gab in
theory gab would be a competitor to
Twitter but because of their business
model of allowing people who would not
be allowed on Twitter it becomes a
magnet for all the people that are sort
of too misbehaved if I can use that word
right yeah it's all subjective but in in
Twitter context they're the misbehaviors
or most drawn to gab the people who are
not misbehaving in a way that Twitter
cares about in other words people were
not conservative why would they leave it
would be crazy to leave Twitter if
you're a liberal or if you're on the
left or even if you're just not
conservative it would be crazy to leave
Twitter because that's the bigger more
robust place or more people on there
there's multiple points of view etc gab
unfortunately because of their business
model became a magnet for the people who
got kicked off of gab and the people who
are just duplicating their exposure on
another platform that's not a business
model I can imagine working so when
people say hey weigh in here you've got
a you've got a support gap I say it's
not a free speech question it's not
exactly a free speech question it's sort
of a business model question and I feel
like supporting gabs business model
unintentionally supports people that I
don't really want to support because if
you get keep in mind that
gab quite publicly kicked this the
shooter of the of the synagogue they
kicked him off deep platform to this as
soon as they found out what he was up to
but not until the shooting and and I
think to myself if gab is kicking people
off - how long will it be before they
have to change their business model to
be basically the same as Twitter's you
know which is banning people who say
things that you feel are dangerous or
don't help the country so I think those
two models have to either come together
or a gap I don't see how they can make
it now I am concerned as all of you are
that the big tech companies are deep D
platforming them so I think who was it
their credit card processing companies
there there's their server companies
might be some other entities have D
platform them now I don't like that
because it kind of puts those people in
a censorship position when they should
be bankers you know the bag should just
be a bank I don't think that they should
be you know stifling free speech but so
that's that's that's where I am on gab
and so with the reason I don't say my
opinion quickly like hey gab is great or
hey I don't support them the reason I
don't do that is it's complicated and I
wanted to do that here gab does not
promote violence I never said they did I
I agree with you totally
saying dangerous things are not allowed
anywhere that is correct but keep in
mind if you were if you were a neo-nazi
but you had enough self-control not to
actually advocate violence online you
would have a happy place and that's
problematic because people don't want to
go we're the only people there are the
ones who couldn't make it on Twitter
it's just the business model just
doesn't quite make sense even though I
love the idea of it I have nothing
against you know the of course the you
know I'm Pro entrepreneurial people so
nothing against the team I'm glad that
people are enjoying it the people are
using it but it's a tough one to just
say you support it or you don't because
it's complicated all right hello for a
bishop ratch my old my old office
kim.com is creating a an alternative to
twitter we will believe that when we see
it see the problem is that twitter has
the I think you'd call it that Network
effect in which if you're already on
there there's not much incentive to
leave
somebody said they want the Scott Adams
degree I've actually thought of defining
what that would be so the the Scott
Adams degree would be some kind of
combination of things you've read or
studied that would be interesting
because I think that's place the world
should go we should have degrees that
are not conferred only by colleges you
know I've said that someday if I could
get the let's say the the Bill Gates
degree which means I just learned two
things that Bill Gates thinks a
successful citizen should learn whatever
that is it could be just borrowing a
couple of classes from different places
it could be books you have to read it
could be you had to try a startup on
your own could be anything but whatever
Bill Gates says this is the Bill Gates
degree if you do these things you've got
the Bill Gates degree that could really
do things forward and my next to the
elevator I am oh you're in a ding but
that was a some other ding but I had an
extra elevator he has no degree himself
that's true Bill Gates did well he has a
high school degree
you're sure sleeves were too long on
Benton's video Ben Shapiro so that's the
same shirt I'm wearing right now I
thought it was the same shirt oh now I
have another shirt I better watch that
what's in the new chapter for win big
Lee the new chapter is an update on my
predictions so you can see how things
went compared to you how I thought they
would go some things I got wrong some
things I got right I need a tailor I do
need to tell her
all right blech sit let's talk about
blech sit
so apparently reportedly Kanye designed
the blech set design and t-shirt and I
love the I guess it would be the the
subtitle you know the title is blech sit
and then the subtitle is we free I don't
know why that is so perfect we free you
know because it does the the persuasion
wise what it does is it's a mistake
right because the the proper way to said
is we will be free or we're trying to be
free or we are free but when you say we
free it makes you stop and you can't not
think about it longer so I don't know if
Candace came up with that I don't know
if Kanye came up with that but it is
kind of genius it's kind of great I got
to say specifically because you know
exactly what it means and your brain
can't get off the fact that there's a
word missing now of course it might be
you know it might might be also calling
back to sort of an urban way to to
express yourself and that just makes it
perfect to I mean so it sort of hits a
lot of notes Charlie did somebody says I
don't believe that I don't believe I
don't believe a white guy could suggest
we free because it doesn't sound like it
would be culturally the same so my guess
is either a Candace or Kanye or somebody
associated with them but it's a great
slogan it's a great design - I love the
design I love the slogan I love the name
blex it some people have said it should
be black sit but now flexing is better
absolutely
and we'll see if it makes any difference
somebody says Kanye and Candace designed
the shirts together well you know you
always have to be careful there may have
been somebody else involved as well so I
don't want to I don't want to give
credit without knowing exactly who but
my guess is that at least at least Kanye
and Candace were key authors of that I
don't know else was you're sounding like
Larry David a little a little probably a
lot
somebody said they're glad I'm on their
team well you should be talked to hawk
I just texting with hawk so Hawk has
some things he wants to add to the
discussion on rhetoric from the
president and violence in society and I
said I was very interested in seeing
that
so he'll be he'll be coming to us at
some point soon on that topic and always
interesting to hear his thoughts all
right
he's going off the rails people are
saying well here's the thing
I believe Hawk wants to make a positive
difference in the world but it's a tough
tough situation to try to find common
ground when people are so polarized so
if he tries a few different things if he
tries a few approaches I would ask you
to have a little bit of patience because
nobody knows exactly what's going to
work sometimes he needs to pace his team
sometimes he needs to reach across and
nobody knows exactly when is the right
time and the right way to do that so
he's out there in the streets he's out
there and the you know he's in the
trenches somebody says he hates us I
don't see that in evidence because I've
had enough personal conversations with
hawk that I feel like I would have
picked up like actual hatred and I'm not
picking up a hint of it so I think what
you're looking at is a communication
strategy that doesn't work for you or
you think you shouldn't use which is a
little bit different than hating you
it's actually a lot different what is
his goal well he's an advocate for you
know urban folks primarily the
african-american community so his his
objective I think is quite obvious he's
trying to make things better in a
variety of ways for a certain population
that could use a hand nothing wrong with
that all right that's enough
I think we're going to stop now and I'll
talk to you all later