[Applause]
hey everybody come on in you found me
it's time for the best part of the day
hey Jack good to see ya yeah we're gonna
have the simultaneous sip and I think it
will lead off one of the best days of
the entire week yeah it's gonna be that
good and all you need is a cup of micro
glass attacker tells us time to Kent
injector flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine here
the day the thing that makes everything
better including single-parent
households poverty pandemics yeah all of
that it's all gonna be better in a
moment yep I can feel things heading in
the right direction it's almost
automatic it's because of the simple it
really is let's talk about some things
so it seems that Twitter is still either
intentionally or accidentally shadow
banning people what I don't know is
whether it's limited to one side of the
political spectrum since the people I
tend to hear from the most of the people
that follow me I don't know that
but Michael malleus tweeted I think last
night that one of his friends reliably
said that he follows Michael malleus on
Twitter but gets unfollowed
automatically so Michaels asked does
anybody else notice this and he
mentioned three names in particular for
people to check so he said see if you're
getting unfollowed from Tim Poole
Michael Tracy or Scott Adams now what do
you think happened what do you think
happened yeah so we got lots of comments
people who checked and found out that
they had been unfollowed automatically
now some of them that noticed it before
but the number of people who weighed in
and said yes it happened to me I don't
think there's any chance anymore that
it's confirmation bias I don't think
there's any chance this it's some kind
of a pocket situation where yes oh yes
somehow automatically doing it because
you're stuck it in your pocket like a
pocket dial I don't think it's a bug
because it would be such a big bug that
it would be easy to notice I don't know
what it is now I've seen some other
people speculate as I add that it could
be through third party apps that you
also have in your phone that sometimes
they ask you for permission to post on
Twitter which I think gives them
permission to do other things as well
and I don't know if it's tic toc or
other apps but there does seem to be a
pretty big problem here I just don't
know what it is and a lot of people
reported that they don't see president
Trump's tweets but I don't know if
that's an algorithm issue or something
else but if you follow somebody or like
something and it gets reversed later
especially if it gets reversed months
later you can't really call that a bug I
mean it might be but and here's the fun
part I actually don't know if Twitter
knows what's happening I don't think
they know which means that it's coming
from some source either within the
company or a beside but I don't think
it's coming from management and by the
way it would be insane for management to
do this let me let me say this as
clearly as possible given how obvious it
is and how you know much it has been
discussed if you still think that
Twitter management knows about it and is
authorizing it that would be a deep
misunderstanding of human beings I think
and it wouldn't matter if it was Jack or
somebody else that you
you put into this situation I don't know
that anybody would risk a billion
dollars to do a kind of a behavior
that's so obvious in other words if they
were doing it intentionally they would
also know that they would be detected
easily easily detected in fact we just
detected it so I think that it's coming
from some source other than management
but it's certainly coming from somewhere
all right
it could be domestic or foreign we don't
know one of my favorite things in the
world now and it's just getting more and
more fun is watching Biden supporters
pretend they don't notice a problem now
of course there's a different breed to
say yeah we see it too we know Biden's
losing it or has lost it but it's still
better than Trump and when people say
stuff like that I always wonder what are
they seeing that I'm not seeing is it
just the fake news difference because
all the things that people were worried
about from when Trump was first elected
there were lots of concerns but now
there were three and a half years into
the term you don't have to wonder what
he might do because you can pretty well
see what he does as a president it would
be unusual to expect that he would be
different in a second term so I think
the first term gives you a pretty good
picture of what to expect and what went
wrong if you ask people what was the big
disaster of the Trump administration
they will sometimes give you some fake
news such as not quite understanding
that there was a surge at the border and
that the cages that Obama built were had
to be used more temporarily nobody was
happy in other words they'll give you a
story they don't quite understand or
they
know the context so that's one thing
that Trump did wrong which is not really
Trump doing it wrong now the kids in
cages is a tragic situation but the
whole point of it was that reasonable
responsible people said it's still
better than the only other alternative
which is to let kids go with traffickers
and you know God does what so so you
have one category of things people say
yeah look how it all went wrong under
Trump but the things they look at are
just sort of fake news and at a context
things that they don't quite understand
but then there's another category that I
just laugh out loud when I hear it they
talk about how Trump has ruined our
country's ability to deal with other
countries what's that based on have you
done a study that have you noticed that
other countries won't take a call from
the United States their ever situation
where you know the Prime Minister of
pick a country any country
just pick any country friend or foe
country and Secretary comes in whoever
whoever is the you know the handling
calls and says the leader of this other
country the president of the United
States is on the line
he wants to talk to you which country
doesn't take the call I realized that a
call from a head of state would be
scheduled so you wouldn't just call out
of the blue but my point is does anybody
really think that there is a country
somewhere who's not taking a call from
the United States I don't think that
happened how about are there any
countries that don't want to do a trade
deal or at least negotiate with the
United States I haven't heard of that
have you well you you know
Iran is obviously a case where we're
trying to put pressure on them yeah so
the things that people imagine have
already gone wrong are literally just
imagination it's just imagination I'm
pretty sure there's nothing you can
point to this that is a disaster that is
not of the making of the news
so here's the other big point people
make say they say look at race relations
to which I say imagine the world where
the news was just reported straight
without any opinion what would that look
like
imagine a Trump administration in which
you know there was still a CNN there's
still a Fox News but all they do is they
tell you what happened they don't give
you any any interpretation
take any story the president called
several countries whole countries will
just take that story as our example
suppose they had simply been reported as
just a fact how would anybody feel about
it
they wouldn't even think about it it
wouldn't even be on their mind they
probably wouldn't even know what
happened even if it been reported
because without the opinion stuff it's
not really a story suppose you know so
you here's the story a reported as fact
the president called several countries
 countries and then nobody on TV
adds any commentary what would you think
of that you'd probably think oh he
swears in meetings that's probably all
you would think because you wouldn't
even dig in to say well how many of the
countries were predominantly brown or
black you know and of course it's a fake
story in the sense that there's only one
person who heard it apparently nobody
else heard it you know I think that's
the story but also the context was
changed when it was reported so if
you're saying that the country has
become more racially divided I would say
that's true but what's the reason the
reason isn't the president now he does
play into it he does things which makes
it easy for them
but I think you have to put the blame
where it where it is primarily all right
so I saw Biden in this latest video
there's yet another video of him
speaking somewhat incoherent Lee and
toward the end of that clip he does what
I call the dementia cover so if you have
dementia and you realize that you
started a sentence or a thought and you
realize you couldn't complete it because
your brain wasn't working what would you
do well if you wanted to cover your
dementia you would do what Joe Biden
does let's say you it asked me a
complicated question that I might have
been able to answer if I were all with
it but that's not the case anymore how
would I cover it up the way I'd cover it
up is I would say I'd ran at a time
that's what he does
so he'll be talking on you know these
live streams and you know and you could
tell he just gets lost he doesn't know
what he's saying and he'll say something
like well I don't want to take up all
the time you know I don't want to get
into the details it's totally just a
dementia cover but we'll all pretend
that that's not happening
I equipped on Twitter that if Biden wins
I look forward to his first State of the
Union other thing address state of the
you know the thing okay it's pretty
clever you have to admit so I told you I
brought in this big experiment to see if
I get canceled and what part of it is
I'm expanding my free speech and I'm
saying the most provocative things you
could possibly say but I'm saying them
with good intentions I'm saying that
politely the other about putting any
hate and anything I'm doing and so far
I've not been cancelled so baby if you
don't show bad intentions and you don't
demonstrate hate you can get away with
more free speech
so that would be useful to know and one
of the things I've been saying and that
it's by PIM tweet as I talked about
losing two jobs because my bosses told
me that because I was white and male I
couldn't be promoted anymore
so I quit both in both cases I quit in
one case I was kind of encouraged to
quit but it wasn't because of that yeah
you know I I could because they told me
I couldn't be promoted so that's my pin
tweet that I invited people to give me
their similar stories so in the comments
there are literally hundreds of stories
of people telling these similar things
yeah my boss told me white up mail I
can't get promoted etc and senator sent
him so a few interesting things happen
there are some people who believe none
of it's true the funniest one happened I
guess two days ago I just finished
reading the message from somebody who
said that their company had just
informed them and this is this is this
week right so this is that each of
history this is this week and I won't
give you details but somebody who would
send a message say yeah my company just
put the word down that our next our next
person we add to the organization can't
be can't be white because they want to
improve their diversity so I'm just in
that conversation and the very next
thing I opened up is a Twitter person
telling me that they don't think such
things happened I I just it was
literally the immediate conversation
before I opened up somebody who lives in
the country who thinks it doesn't happen
there's not a thing well they've got a
lot of surprise coming to him it turns
out one of the biggest surprises is
white people don't complain nearly as
much as maybe you would expect so
there's this massive number of white
males who when were together will all
tell the same story oh yeah I was
discriminated against and it's not my
imagination they told me directly in
direct terms
can't do anything for you you're white
and male so I was wondering how the
press would handle it because I figured
if a somebody as prominent as me and you
know that that's not egotistical I'm
just saying something has a big big
Twitter following and is in the public
eye when when I say something that is so
contrary to the popular view of things
it's gonna get picked up and sure enough
it was but mostly by small small obscure
things and you know some local papers so
I looked at one I've got Google Alert
set so it tells me if anything anybody's
talking about me and the only comment
from one was somebody wrote a letter to
the editor in which they mentioned my
situation and they said my only
complaint is you should say it's alleged
so there was somebody who believed that
I just made up the stories that I was
you know I was told that I couldn't be
promoted because I'm white and male
so there's actually somebody in the
country a real person who lives among us
who thinks says that's not even real or
at least that I've made enough why would
I make that up that would be the
strangest story of the world to make up
because there's not even one story it's
a series of three of them the other one
was a TV show which is a little more
complicated but it comes down to the
same thing and the the fact that I could
put that out there
and it's being ignored the same way that
Biden's brain is being ignored so there
seems to be a new category of fake news
and it's a category of fake news where
they simply act like something didn't
happen like it didn't exist and it's
really effective because if you simply
act like something doesn't exist the the
news silo's prevents your people from
ever seeing it
they'll just never see it so I've made a
most provocative claim which certainly
would be
the whole black lives matter philosophy
theme and and protests and yet and just
completely ignored by any significant
media and the reason they do that is
because it's a total red pill it would
break you know just break the whole
thing all right
Kanye continues to be interesting he's
mentioned systems and designed so he's
used those words the system and design
and if he's really a systems kind of a
leader instead of a goal-oriented leader
that would be really strong and I've
often thought suppose I were to run for
president and it doesn't make sense for
me to run for president because there
are so many topics that I don't know
much about you know I'm just not an
expert on you know foreign anything
their history anything or politics
anything so I thought how would I do
that let's say you know in my magical
mind I got appointed to be president I
wouldn't run but yeah I mean I wouldn't
campaign but suppose somebody appointed
to be president how would I handle
things not being an expert on anything
well you try to hire the right people
all right that's part of it but I also
think that having a good system would
make sense for example I suggested that
there should be a system in the country
that doesn't exist for helping the
citizens sort through what data which
studies are valid and which are not
now I don't know if you could do that
without having that that referee if you
will also be corrupted by politics and
bias so maybe you can't do it I don't
know but I would like to have at least
take a try at a system that helps the
public understand what's true and
reliable and what's not
another system would be continuous
testing because we keep talking about
how to solve these gigantic problems how
do you solve you know education how do
you solve you know single parents how do
you solve crime and we always treat them
like you have to have one solution for
the whole the whole country you know
fix it all at once but wouldn't it make
more sense to have a whole bunch of
small tests and say we don't know what
to do
you know honestly we just don't know but
we're gonna we're gonna put some
attention into a test in Chicago we'll
do a test here and you know Jacksonville
will do a couple tests in some different
places
and we'll just find out we'll just find
out what works so that would be good and
then I noticed unrelated to Kanye or
yeah if you prefer unrelated to his run
for president you may know there was a
story where he'd built some experimental
housing and some neighbors complain
because there was too much construction
noise and he actually just tore him down
did you hear that story it was maybe a
year ago so Kanye I guess got some
designers or architects or whatever
built these sort of dome-like structures
I think there may be three of them and
then when the neighbors complained they
just destroy them I just took away but
it looks like he's rebuilding in another
place because I saw some pictures that
look newer and it looks like he's
interacting if what Kanye is doing is
he's starting with the assumption that
the first one won't be it
and it might not be the second one that
might not be the third one if he's going
full Thomas Edison on this he's one of
the most important people in the world
let me say that again
if what Kanye is doing is consciously
iterating these shelters like Thomas
Edison iterated the light bulb until he
found a filament that worked if that's
what he's doing and so far we've just
seen two iterations I think I'm kind of
low information here but it looks like
that's what's happening if that's what
he's doing it's the most important thing
happening in the country because because
it's iteration a system if you will that
can get you to knowing how to build
inexpensive shelters and if that's what
Connie is doing
here's his argument for being president
just gets pretty strong right so we'll
keep an eye on now all right so here's
what I'm concerned about with black
lives matter among yeah I guess there
was lots of stuff to be concerned about
but it seems to me that they don't have
a good sense of priorities and I put a
little whiteboard graph on Twitter in
which I showed a large bubble diagram
and most of the bubble you know 95% of
the bubble was labeled schools are
racist and then a little 5% of the
bubble I labeled everything else you
know every other problem basically so
here's what I mean by that while there
are lots of things where you would find
systemic racism if you look for it
especially in outcomes you'd find it in
the judicial system you'd find it in an
employment you'd find it all over the
place but the way I would look at this
is in terms of where the biggest impact
would be if you could fix it fixing
things after people are 35 years old is
really hard fixing things when they're
first born so that they get a good get a
good start in life there's going to be a
much higher impact so if I were a black
lives matter and I cared about black
lives I would be ignoring the police
shootings which the studies don't really
support is even real now let me say that
again the studies do support the black
people are killed by police as in a
higher percentage than their population
but not a higher percentage than the
number of people were stopped it makes
complete sense because high crime
Daria's you have a certain
characteristic so so that's so the the
biggest thing the black lives matter is
protesting against probably isn't even
real but the part that everybody agrees
is real
is that school and maybe the family unit
we'll talk about that are the most
important things to get right but you
don't hear black lives matter talking
about school and the family unit too
much dear why is that
if ninety five percent of the problem is
that early life experience
why is black lives matter
acting like ninety five percent of the
problem for their own people don't
matter they're literally treating ninety
five percent of the problem like it
doesn't matter
they've identified the only thing that
doesn't show up in statistics which is
that police are targeting black people
for death it's the only thing you can't
find in this statistics and they've
targeted that I think that tells you
that they're not about helping black
people now I'm not saying they don't
want to help black people but it's
obvious that whatever their motive is
it's not it's not primarily about
helping black people there's there seems
to be a political motive because going
after the police gets you to closer to a
revolution if you know what I mean if
your if your objective was to change the
nature of the country going after the
police might be a good way to do it if
your objective is to make life better
for black citizens in this country you'd
go after the school and you would just
forget about everything else because if
you fix the schools and I'm going to say
that the family situation in the school
are kind of blended because it's hard to
separate those two things but if you fix
that stuff would you have as much
trouble in twenty years shall we say
with with anything you know wouldn't it
fix everything now you're still going to
have racism as I like to say every ten
minutes can never go away it's like rain
but you can buy an umbrella right so the
umbrella in this case in my analogy
would be an education or training or as
jail or not being on drugs don't join a
game you know there are simple things
you can do to stay out of the rain but
you can't you can't make rain to happen
that's not an option you can't make the
rain stop and you can't make human
brains no longer biased in a whole
variety of ways race is just one of
infinite ways that your brain is biased
you can't remove bias you can teach
yourself to overcome it you can have
laws you can have you know you can do a
lot of things to reduce it or to make it
less important but you can't get rid of
it and so even trying to get rid of it
shows that maybe there's another motive
because it doesn't even make sense
let's talk about the biggest question
conservatives especially and even I
think Don Lemon would agree with this at
least the Don Lemon of years ago you've
all seen there's a video of Don Lemon in
2000 whatever but I think seven years
ago and he was essentially talking like
he conservative but he was doing it on
CNN so just you look at it you like what
who was this guy so he was criticizing
the black community from the perspective
of being a black man and he his
criticisms were really close to what any
conservative would say which is the
shocking point is things that I think he
couldn't say in 2020 without being
cancelled but I would like to question
this let me tell you what we do know we
do know that there's a really strong
correlation between kids who grew up in
single-parent homes and then the future
propensity for a crime so we know the
correlation is really strong if you only
have one parent your odds are going to
jail are really high compared to other
people and we know that if it affects
economics and you know grades and drugs
and basically everything so having one
parent
correlated with basically everything bad
so what do you do with that knowledge
what do you do with it so that you've
found something that looks like it's
important what do you do how do you fix
that does anybody have an idea how to
fix that
well the way that people want to fix it
is simply by talking about it a lot
maybe if we talk about it a lot
black people will collectively say oh
that's the problem you should have told
us before why didn't you tell us earlier
now we know that's all are you kidding
me
we can fix most of our problems just by
doing that simple thing Thank You white
people for finally giving us the secret
information that helps us fix everything
I don't think that's going to happen
because whatever it is that's causing
you no greater single parenting in some
communities obviously isn't something
that they simply choose to do or choose
not to do because they're thinking about
the future of their children etc there's
a whole bunch of stuff going on and I
don't think that we can sort out yeah I
don't think we can sort out what it is
about having that second parent and they
usually usually the studies focus on the
parent that's missing being the the
father the dad and let me ask you this
why does the presence of a father make a
difference what what is your assumption
about why having a father is so highly
correlated with better success of the
kit well the things that are obvious
would be disciplined would the father be
more effective disciplinarian especially
two young boys
maybe yeah I mean that's a reasonable
thing too so how about role model is it
that there's a good role model in the
father and then the kid picks it up
here's what I would like to add to the
conversation
we've been watching in 2020 every study
and every expert being wrong about
everything good can you agree with that
so far
would you agree so far every expert
every study is either a highly
questioned because there are other
experts with other studies or they're
critics of those studies it's either
dead wrong or at least it's highly
questioned by other experts what do you
take the general statement that in 2020
we have all collectively learned that
everything we thought was true because
of the science and the data told us it
was doesn't mean anything so so if
you're a conservative you say Scott we
haven't figured out there are all these
studies that show this strong
correlation with the father not being
there being a big problem so we've
identified the problem have you have you
because if you have and I'm not saying
you haven't I'm just giving you some
context if it's true it would be the
only thing the experts got right this
year is that is that your belief is it
your belief that all the other stuff you
watched from probably from climate
change - god knows what that all of that
seemed wrong to you and that the police
shootings numbers they were looking at
the wrong ratios mass worker they doubt
hydroxychloroquine works or it doesn't
the death ray for the virus is either
high or low all of it you saw just about
everything else being wrong but is it
your belief that on this one point
science is pretty solid is that what you
believe now you could be right I'm not
telling you wrong I'm just telling you
that you would have to factor that in
why is it you think this is the only
thing they got right let me suggest
there are some reasons why it might be
wrong without claiming it's wrong all
right so this is not a
claim that that causation is wrong
simply a question just putting it out
there number one are there other
countries with other other situations in
which the single parent does find do you
know that is there say some other
country where everything just works out
fine if you're a single parent probably
not because being a single parent parent
almost guarantees they have less money
we know that poverty is highly
correlated with being a single parent
poverty alone would poverty alone cause
less discipline in the child I think so
because if you put any kid in a you know
poverty community they're gonna start
acting like the other kids because the
peer pressure overwhelms the parental
influence let me say more about that
those of you who have raised two
children let me ask you this you you got
to witness how much was genetic and the
kid because there are things that the
kid is doing when they're three years
old that tend to be their permanent
personality and you can see it early and
you see you've got some kind of a sense
if you've raised kids oh yeah this this
amount of the personality was kind of
baked in that you've also seen all right
we taught them these behaviors and then
you get to see if they stick so for
example that parents may have taught
them good habits brushing their teeth
etc and you can see if those stick and
then you could say okay that was my
parenting I gave them that a habit is
stuck you could say you caused them to
be timely I think my mother was a big
cause of me being obsessed about being
on time for stuff so I think that feels
to me like something that came directly
from a parent and became permanent
likewise I would say that my father and
my mother's example of hard work and
having multiple jobs and stuff probably
had an influence on me I feel it but
that can also be genetic as well so but
then the kid goes to school so here's
the part I'm getting to so then your kid
goes to school you know they're eight
years old nine and ten eleven by the
time of your kid is say 14 years old for
those of you have had this experience
what percentage of their personality
came from the parent and what percentage
of the personality came from their peers
I'm just putting that out there because
this is an observation not a scientific
study so you know you should you should
adjust in your head how a certain you
should be about heading this my
observation is that the peers are 90
percent of the influence after they
become a certain age once once they
become friend eccentric which happens
around ten years old before that before
age ten they're kind of parent centric
and they're a little bit more maybe
sibling centric but when they hand
around 14 is just friends friends
friends friends friends and they just
become the friends that's the that's the
influence so if you say to me
these kids with single parents are being
that the problem is because there's no
father I'd say if there's no father
they're in poverty if they're in poverty
they're living in a poor place it all
likelihood if they're living in a poor
place all of the other peers are going
to be in a situation and I would think
it might be the peers that are a bigger
influence than the parents but obviously
the parents have an influence as well
let me ask you this does risky behavior
get transmitted genetically what do you
think I'll just limit it to this does
risk take
the the desire to take a risk do you
think that that's genetic yep it is
yeah risk-taking has a genetic component
now let me ask you this is it risky to
get divorced it is is it risky to have
sex without protection it is would it be
reasonable to assume that people who
were risk averse would use protection if
they had sex and would be less likely to
get divorced because they don't want the
risk could it be the people who stay
together have in common among other
things that they don't like risk that
neither them more to take the risk of
being single because a divorce is a
really big risk you know sometimes you
have to because the risk of stay married
is worse if there's abuse but could it
be that people who remain single have a
higher tolerance for risk
people who stay married have a low
tolerance for risk and that low
tolerance risk is a good indicator of
somebody who's going to stay in school
and do all the low-risk things now did
you hear me say anything rational
because you should because that risk
gene is not limited to one ethnicity so
it is true that poor the poor white kids
born to single parents also have higher
crime rates same thing so what do what
does every ethnicity that as a single
parent likely have in common you know on
average each situation is different but
on average on average it's people who
have made choices conscious choices
which fall into the category of riskier
behavior so is that how much of that is
learned by being in an environment where
everybody's doing the same thing and how
much of that is because you're just a
person who can take a little bit more
all right now I'm not saying that that
explains it all what I'm saying is that
there may be some simplicity to the unit
of father situation and I would ask you
this if you could find out what it is
about the father that are the key
variables could you reproduce those good
effects without the father let me give
you an example say you designed a livet
well I'll simplify this let's say an
apartment building comes up with this
concept I don't know if it's legal but
let's assume it's legal just to work
through the thought process so somebody
takes an apartment building and they say
here are the rules 80% of the apartments
will be rented to single mothers again
so this is the part I don't know if
that's legal but just think through 80%
will be to single mothers 20% of the of
it will be men who are good role models
so it might be you might be a police
officer but you're single so you get to
be in that building you might be a you
might be a teacher but you're single
I don't know if you have to be single
you know that maybe that doesn't matter
as much but you need to be available as
a role model to the others in other
words if you if you created a living
situation in which you had role models
they actually could even discipline
because let's say that the agreement if
you live here is that any of the adults
can discipline any of the kids and
that's just the agreement in advance so
you want to live in this apartment every
adult in this apartment is your parent a
lot of them are adult males there are
cops they're educators they're you know
might be a lawyer it might be a doctor
but they're people who are substantial
there are people you would look to as
role models it's people that would be
you know who you wanted today now let me
give you an example for my life my
father had a lot of good qualities but
he was not what you
we call a role model I think my siblings
are both watching this and I know you're
both laughing right now and what I say
that I mean I didn't want to grow up to
be like him I wanted to grow up to be
very much not like him now unfortunately
I got a lot of his qualities here but
couldn't help that but let's say he was
not the most ambitious person in the
world and I was born just sort of
naturally ambitious so I wanted a
different upbringing
I found that I just looked at other
people as my role models I just decided
well okay I'm not going to be exactly
like my father I think I'd like to be
the lawyer in town and I didn't even
know him I just knew he was a lawyer so
I said alright I'll be like that guy is
that that guy's ambitious and notice how
to make money and stuff so I almost
simply raised the question and it goes
like this even if you believe and I
think there's a good chance that this is
true that the lack of a adult male in
the upbringing of a child has bad
consequences I'm willing to accept that
that's true but you might be able to
find out what it is about that that
makes it work and just reproduce it in a
non parental way I think the worst
approach is to say this is the problem
and all you have to do is say you guys
just decide to act act like us
just just go act like us and then
everybody I think everything will be
fine
I don't see that working I just don't
see it working you could sort of wish it
happens but that's the end of it there's
no process there's no system
it's just wishing and wishing I sure
wish people in poor communities would
get married and stay together
I sure wish it would happen that's not
anything that's nothing you can't wish
it to happen all right
I wrote a piece I didn't know how
controversial would be controversial a
Twitter thread in which I said that
President Trump is showing the strongest
and maybe best leadership that I've ever
seen in my adult life now of course I
make it I make it a big claim so it gets
more attention that way but here's
here's my claim leadership is different
from following the experts advice if the
only thing you're doing is following the
experts advice well you're not really a
leader you're more like a manager you
know a manager listens to the experts
and then implements it and a manager is
a different word from a leader in order
to be a leader in my opinion you have to
do something that the experts are not
recommending or you're not leaving if
all you're doing is taking expert advice
did we need you really I mean do you
even need a president because the
experts come to a consensus other people
implement it so if you've got experts
and you've got implementers and the only
thing is there's a president in the
middle with a rubber stamp saying okay
Boop send your idea over to the
implementer if that's all that's
happening what kind of leadership is
that that's nothing so you look for
cases where the the leader has done
something that is opposed to the experts
here are some examples
Trump closed travel from China before
the experts said it was a good idea in
fact they said don't do it he did it
anyway
he has been proved correct that is clean
clear leadership very unusual it stands
out because you can't think of other
examples right think you think of
quickly think of an example of where
Obama did something the experts all said
don't do like just universally said
don't do it
and it turned out to be right there
might be examples but I can't think of
one so you can help me out if you can
think of one
Trump is now pushing to reopen schools
he also pushed to reopen the economy
before the experts were comfortable with
it I think that's going to work out
because we don't we don't doubt that
there will be you know deaths and
infections everybody everybody there's a
clear-eyed about that the reopening the
economy guarantees more people get
infected we're all aware of it but the
experts are saying you know don't open
the schools don't open the economy too
soon you know be more cautious and Trump
is saying very clearly and unambiguously
God opened the economy God opened the
schools now the first thing I like about
it leadership wise is that he's totally
unambiguous about it
you don't wonder where he stands open
the schools open the economy now a
president has to see the entire field so
while the experts are the medical
experts and they're saying if you open
up we medical experts will see medical
problems that's the only part of the
question because they're also these
social problems which translate into
medical problems in ways that nobody can
you know quite understand but we all
know it's a big problem so the leader
has to look at the entire field and he
did and he's going against the experts
again is he right I don't know we don't
know my guess is that he's right you
know if I were in his position I think I
would be doing about the same thing
maybe not as aggressively which is what
makes it more impressive I think he's
going to be right on closing travel I
think he's going to be right about
opening schools opening the economy I
think history will show him right those
are amazing amazing examples of
leadership and here's the thing suppose
he's wrong suppose he's wrong and and it
turns out that opening things too early
and going back to school killed 50,000
people that didn't need to be killed
what would you say about that I think
you would still say it's amazing
leadership because nobody really knows
what's gonna happen if if the thing
you're saying is how often does he get
it right I don't know if that's right
the right standard because the whole
point of the leader is that you don't
know what the right answer is but
somebody's got to make the decision you
don't know and you still have to make a
decision so do you do you ding the
leader for getting it wrong in the real
world you do but you have to say ask
yourself well it's not really leadership
if you know what the right answer is
it's sort of that not knowing that makes
it impressive likewise when Trump was
leading on negotiating with China all
the experts said don't start a trade war
they were basically I don't think I saw
one expert who agreed with him do you
remember that he was basically all alone
except for people he hired who would you
know boost his signal but basically
people were saying no no trade wars are
bad blah blah Chinese good and now
months of goodbye and what do we know
for sure we know for sure that China
will not do its part
it might make agreements but not keep
them we know it's going to continue
sending fentanyl we know it's going to
continue stealing IP we know that their
apps like tick tock are built as spy
equipment
basically Trump proved by being a leader
and buying pushing them hard he proved
that you can't deal with them so there
were two possibilities and strong
leadership was the only way to get to
them
one was maybe he was you know maybe
China wanted to make a deal and then you
get a good trade deal and that would be
a good outcome the other is that you
prove that you can't work with them
which is what happened
so China proved that they're not a
credible partner for anything and once
you know that then you can start
decoupling which is happening so we will
get to the point where we're being
bringing our supply chains
which is one of the best things that's
ever happened to this country and we
only could get to that because Trump
defied every expert and pushed through
on a very critical issue you know our
relationship with China is one of the
biggest things in the world and again it
seems like it worked
take North Korea how many experts told
him to meet with Kim jong-un when he
didn't have a deal already
none maybe none maybe there were no
experts who said it was a good idea to
meet with Kim jong-un because the expert
said he's not going to make a deal
and sure enough Kim jong-un did not make
a deal but don't you feel safer that
does Kim Jong gun to see the United
States as a military threat and
therefore he's preparing to you know
strike back no Trump took the threat of
North Korea basically right off the
table and he did it by defying all the
experts he just created a personal
relationship and I think I think that
plus other activities have proven to Kim
jong-un and especially getting rid of
John Bolton recently I think Kim jong-un
is looking at the United States and
saying you know it just sort of does it
look like that big a threat at the
moment so are you safer guaranteed I
would say it's guaranteed that you're
safer because he violated what the
experts wanted him to do so
my theory and I've had this for a while
is that historians once you get a you
know let's say a generation away you get
20 to 30 years away when the people who
lived through the Trump administration
are all dead or at least the older ones
I think history is going to be very kind
to Trump because all of the little
personality stuff that dominates the
news coverage in social media will sort
of melt away with history history is
going to look at the big things he did
it's gonna forget about the personality
stuff it's gonna forget about the tweets
and the little fights and
it's gonna forget about the fact
checking it's gonna forget all that but
it's going to remember about China it's
gonna remember coronavirus it's gonna
remember that Isis used to hold
territory and now it doesn't so I
believe that Trump will be viewed by
history as maybe one of the top five for
sure leaders we've ever had because you
have to throw you know Washington and
Lincoln and you know Truman and yeah
there's people who made really big
decisions so they were good leaders as
well but I think you'll be in the top
five presidents easily I don't know if
does that get you our Mount Rushmore top
five can they make another another space
all right we're still confused about why
fatalities are dropping
despite infections Gaga now the obvious
explanation is that it's young people
who are getting infected
but the second explanation is we're
getting better at treating it and maybe
a third explanation is that it's it
might be mutating or has already
infected the people most likely to be
infected or or there's some kind of herd
immunity from other other coronaviruses
that has an impact fact is we don't know
we just don't know we just don't know
exactly why the death rate is falling
while the feet will their infection rate
is skyrocketing probably most of that
has to do with young people that's my
guess because they get infected but they
don't die you may be aware that there
are two complete worlds that have formed
around face masks in one world you can
see lots of references to studies that
show that face masks don't work meaning
that they don't have any effect then
you'd be better off without them and
then there's another world where duh
it's obvious they work and all the
science proves it and here it is we can
show you right here those are existing
simultaneously and they're both
referring to science
what good is science if reasonable
people and I'm talking about educated
people doctors you know people who know
their stuff what good is the science if
it's opposite you you can pick your
science and find out that it has no
impact and then you can pick your
science and find out totally totally has
impact now I think the way the reason
that it's allowed to exist in other
words the reason these two worlds can
exist it's because the world this has
Mesa the face mask don't work they
inject a little clause in there that if
you don't look closely you don't find it
and it looks like this it has not been
proven they're face masks work in terms
of coronavirus and maybe other things
now is that the same as saying face
masks don't work it's not because nobody
has really done a test of face masks you
know different ones used for the corona
virus in this specific situation etc
hasn't been tested but does it make
sense that having a barrier that slows
down how far the droplets go assuming
that it might be airborne or at the very
least that's getting on surfaces does
common sense tell you it's got to work a
little bit yes but what good is science
if you've got all this science and smart
people still take opposite sides and
they're both looking at science what's
that tell you about science right
there's a professor at Stony Brook
you've heard of him before helmet nor
pause and apparently he's been the most
accurate predictor he's got a model that
predicts who's going to be President and
it's correctly predicted five out of the
past six elections and and every single
election but - and the last hundred
eight years and the technique he uses is
he ignores the polls and he looks at
primary results and his theory goes
roughly like this
somebody who dominated in the primaries
shows that there's a lot of base
enthusiasm and that's that's a good
predictor of who wins if somebody limps
through the primaries and manages to get
nominated they're gonna lose so that's
basically that the idea is that if you
limped through the primaries that's not
a strong enough show of grassroots
support so you're almost certainly gonna
lose how accurate is this model well as
I said it's been wrong twice but look at
the two times it was wrong one of them
was the Kennedy election if you know
your history what was unusual about the
Kennedy election the Kennedy the
election was rigged the Kennedy senior
literally got the Mafia to rig elections
in some of the places that made the
difference
so the kennedy election the model didn't
get right but it would have gotten it
right if it hadn't been it had not been
a rigged election think about that the
other one had got wrong is it said that
that Gore would beat bush and you
remember what happened the gore versus
Bush it went to the Supreme Court and it
still looked like it was stolen
yeah right so the two times his model
didn't work it kind of did work it's
just that the there was something that
was a little suspicious about the
election process itself so his model is
close to a hundred percent effective and
and he says you can completely ignore
the polls even this close to election
you know historically the polls this
close to election are just random
they're actually just random so that's
his prediction what's interesting is
that we have three people running for
president if you count Kanye West and
all three of them are running as
Republicans what what Scott what do you
what are you talking about Biden's not a
Republican obviously duh or is he as of
today he apparently had a little
committee set up to negotiate with the
progressives in his party to see if they
could come up
something that the less progressive
people and progressives would get behind
so some of that's been done and here's
what's happened Biden is no is not in
favor of Medicare for all
so Biden is not in favor of probably in
my opinion the single most important
thing that the left wanted which was
health care for everybody and Biden is
not on board and that's the best they
could negotiate with him so whoever is
is doing the negotiating they've decided
on something that apparently is better
for winning elections because if Biden
had come out with full you know health
care for everybody pretty much he would
have been done yeah he had to come up
with something a little more closer to a
Republican thing so it it doesn't become
a negative for him when he's running
here's the one that's more interesting
though you remember the green New Deal
was gonna transform the economy well
apparently that's off the table now so
by then we'll not be putting in the
platform so that you know the Democratic
platform and the presidential candidate
at this point become one in the same for
the most part and at this point it
doesn't look like the green New Deal is
even going to be in the Democratic
platform now when I say the green New
Deal I mean the one where airplanes are
grounded and and and fossil fuels are
phased out really soon and you know
although all the stuff that would be the
most dangerous so that stuff's just not
in the in the plan anymore now he's
going for something that is better
described as more aggressive goals to
get to net zero carbon emissions what
does that tell you huh read between the
lines let's say so it's not the green
New Deal which is tell you to get rid of
fossil fuels and all that stuff just not
that but he wants to go for a more
aggressive net zero carbon emissions huh
what would be the only way you could do
that
effectively is it by lots of solar
panels is it by windmills is it by
nuclear energy I think that it's silent
on nuclear energy but I think Biden just
became a Republican because it's looking
to me like Biden's health care plan is
indistinguishable from the Republican
plan let's keep things the way they are
and try to improve it basically a
Republican plan and if he's trying to
get to net zero carbon emissions add a
more you know more aggressive rate
there's sort of only one way to do it
there's just one way
the Republican way so I think Biden is
just becoming a Republican weirdly so
that would mean in Kanye's a Republican
he says he would run as a Republican if
Trump were not already Trump's a
Republican the sort of we got three
Republicans running for president is
that what happened I don't think so all
right that's his best chance for winning
though Biden is to be a little more
moderate all right that's all I got for
now Biden wants to defund the police no
he doesn't Biden does not want to defund
them he may want to improve them in some
some way but these you know even even
Republicans would be in favor of
improving policing just show them a
proposal that's worth testing again you
don't have to be in favor of any of this
defund the police stuff you could be in
favor of testing just say let's try it
if you've got an idea for taking some of
that budget and moving it to some other
kind of thing that you might get a
better result let's try that in
Cleveland see what happens all right
somebody says why is Trump not pushing
nuclear I would say that's just a
mistake
so there's you don't have that you don't
need a reason for a mistake right so I
would say that Trump not pushing new
we're probably he's not fully informed
on it is my guess probably doesn't have
the best information but it's also
possible that it's one of those single
issue topics that can cause you to lose
an election you know there might be
people who don't care about anything
except they don't want nuclear energy
maybe I don't know it can't be that many
people who would be single issue voters
on that but so there might be a
political motive that I don't know of
but it looks like it's a politically
losing position and it's scientifically
losing and it's planet losing so if
you're asking me why would why would
Trump not be promoting nuclear energy
when it seems to be good on every way
that anything can be good literally
every way that something can be good it
just looks like a mistake
now the Energy Department under Trump is
actually very aggressive so if you look
what the administration is doing it
looks like the right stuff I mean it's
it really looks like they are going
energetically after figuring out how to
test the newer devices and stuff like
that but why he doesn't personally talk
about it I don't know it looks like just
a mistake to me so maybe you will that's
all for now I'll talk to you tomorrow