[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and if
you'd like to take this already
transcended experience two levels that
nobody can even explain with the human
language and maybe AI can't do it either
all you need is a cover muger glass a
tanker chalice or Stein a canteen jug or
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
the dope of me here the day the thing
that makes everything
better it's called the
simultaneous and if you like to join me
now it happens now
go that's good do you know what I do so
I make sure I don't forget putting on my
microphone mhone I've got a little
process I do so I take the microphone
cuz you see it's on a cord the one for
YouTube and I put it directly in the
middle of my work area so it's a big
pile of cords sitting there so that when
I take my my papers and I go to put them
down there's no way I can miss that I
have my microphone off because I would
be laying my papers on my
microphone so it's sort of a foolproof
plan so I did was turned on YouTube and
immediately said oh there's a mess in
front of me and I moved it out of the
way yeah so that that process didn't
work as well as it should have so don't
do what I do all right let's talk about
all the funny news or interesting news
um so yesterday was uh Veterans Day and
the protesters the pro Palestinian anti-
Israel
protesters uh notably tore down some
American flags and and even Elon Musk
commented on X he said did they just
tear down an American flag on Veterans
Day in America am I understanding this
correctly now I would like to give you
my contrarian view of this number one as
an American how do you feel about having
an American flag torn down on Veterans
Day worst thing ever totally
insulting no I remind you that the of
the American flag is that you can tear
it down and it's still the
same you can you can set it on fire and
it's still the same you could burn it up
you cut it into little pieces you could
drop it at the bottom of the ocean still
the same you can't hurt it because it's
a symbol you can hurt the
cloth go ahead yeah you can rearrange
where the cloth is you you can change
how it
looks but but can't you can't hurt it
that that's the whole point of it the
whole point of the American flag is that
go ahead knock yourself out if you want
to be an if you want to be
disrespectful you can but you can't hurt
the flag because the more they try to
hurt it and the more you just wake up
tomorrow and you're still here at
America and the rules are about the
same yeah so to me the fact that people
who don't like the flag can disrespect
they right in front of you as hard as
they want and you still wake up the next
day and you still have the Bill of
Rights and the
Constitution that's the America I want
to live in that's exactly precisely the
America that's
right but of course it's supposed to
offend you that's the whole point Free
Speech works that that way well Trump uh
is you know I guess I'll just say it as
many times as as I need
to Trump will definitely definitely win
the election in
2024 if he never talks
again can can we agree if he never says
another thing in public he's definitely
going to win but it wasn't a good day
for that this week so here here's just a
few of the things he said to try to try
to work his way out of
winning uh he said quote about Chris
Christie at a rally
uh I'm defending Chris Christie by
saying you can't use the words fat
pig uh I'd like to remind president
Trump that his base is not what you
would call
spelt have you ever seen a an article in
the mainstream media that said there was
a big rally of trump supporters and my
oh my are they thin and
felt so I'm going to teach you something
I learned as a Cartoonist Mr trump it
goes like
this calling somebody a fat pig will win
you exactly zero
votes there's not a single person who
would say you know I was a little bit on
the fence but when he called 2third of
America fat pigs
indirectly that really won me over said
nobody but do you think there's even one
person in America who's concerned about
their own weight you know is doing what
they can to battle it but it's just a
tough battle and they hear the president
just say there somebody else in their
same situation as a fat
pig it's all downside he got a laugh out
of it and you know I like the fact that
he can get a laugh and he's Politically
Incorrect you know I like that about him
but I'm not going to vote for him
because of it but could I be offended
enough that I wouldn't bother to vote
for him
because he seemed a little disrespectful
the answer is
yes I I think this is something where
you could lose a vote but you can never
gain a vote by that joke so that was a
mistake persuasion mistake that that's
there are very few cases where you can
say something's cleanly a mistake
because you never know how everybody
takes anything but this one's cleanly a
persuasion mistake and remember how I
always say Trump is good about not
insulting Americans he goes after you
know his critics that's fine he goes
after his opponents that's fine but he
doesn't go after the American people no
matter what you say he doesn't go after
them but when he calls Christie you know
in his joking way a fat pig I feel like
there are a lot of ordinary Americans
who are doing the best they can battling
their own weight problems and it's
probably not
I don't think I don't think it was
appreciated now you can say to yourself
but but but president Trump has extra
pounds too and I have a question for you
I saw some pictures that I thought were
recent where he was a lot
thinner is that is there anything to
that or did I just see an old picture
and thought it was a new
picture because because if he did that I
mean he does look different to me he
looks like he's losing weight but I
don't know so could be that he's having
some success losing weight but if he
wanted to be useful don't call your
opponent a fat pig uh maybe lose some
weight yourself and maybe encourage
Americans to exercise and E
right so maybe that'd be better but I
don't think that'll make or break his
election uh Brian Rell had an
interesting post says the placebo effect
seems to be
increasing over time and nobody knows
why so the placebo is you know you're
testing a new drug and you test it
against the pill that doesn't really
have anything active in it and it turns
out that the people who took the pill
with nothing in it a large percentage of
them also say they got
better um but you know there is some
controversy about that cuz some people
say but you really needed to compare it
to people who didn't even know they were
in a trial because people get better on
their own all the time you know just for
no reason because your body heals itself
so if you think it's because they had a
placebo you really needed to test that
against somebody who didn't even know
they were in a trial it's like I didn't
know there was a trial well how did you
feel last week and how do you feel today
and you know then you could see if they
got better on their own without even
knowing there was a pill so that would
be the real test my understanding is
they haven't always had that third
category now I do understand that often
they do
but it might be at least one of the
sources is that they're just measuring
wrong
so is it possible that the placebo
effect is somehow
increasing substantially and it has over
time it's like a straight line
up what's the most likely
explanation for why the placebo effect
is
increasing just take take your own guess
just brainstorm what's the most likely
because it it shows up in all kinds of
different experiments and different
trials why would it be prayer somebody
says here's my guess we're getting worse
as
statistics or better it could be better
actually it could be that there there's
some way that people normally looked at
uh results and remember I said to have
that problem if you don't have that
third category of people they didn't
even know they were in the trial you
don't really have a good trial at least
in terms of the placebo
part um it could be that the country
just gets a little smarter about how to
do statistics and so we're just
measuring it more accurately over time
it could be but it could be we're
getting worse statistics because we're
bigger weasels it could be that the
people doing the tests are finding a new
statistically valid but kind of of a
Weasley way to do the work that is more
likely to give them the outcome they
want but at the same time the weasly
statistical thing gives them a better
outcome it it also boosts the
placebo is that possible if you had to
guess is it more likely that the placebo
effect is increasing for mysterious
reasons or more likely that all the
 weasels who are doing all the
fake science since the beginning of time
have have figured out that there's a
better weasle way to do their their
weaseling I'm going to go with
weaseling if I had to put money on it it
would just be a wild gas but if I had to
put money on it I'd say it's the way we
measure it that's
changed but I I don't have evidence of
that all right uh Trump went to another
UFC big event last night got a lot of
news um it's one of the brilliant things
he does cuz he go goes into a room where
everybody except one person seems to
love him we'll talk about the one person
that's its own story so he gets this you
know wild Applause but in s in such a
trump-like
fashion he enters and he's walking with
um who was he with he was with Kid
Rock uh Tucker
Carlson and Don Jr was around there
somewhere too can you even imagine a
better show than watching Trump enter I
mean watching Trump enter with those two
characters that automatically just
increase your you know your thought
process about Trump because you think
talk Carlson what's he doing there that
because they're talking about him as
maybe a vice president like were they
talking about him being vice president
you know so yeah so you m that's like
automatically cool then Kid Rock you
know who's long had an association with
the trumps uh he's just interesting so
he makes you look so the UFC makes you
look Joe Rogan's a so that makes you
interested the fight itself is
interesting Trump's air that's
interesting Kid Rock's there that's
interesting terer Carlson's there that's
interesting and they're all celebrities
in the audience and that's
interesting and then something even more
interesting happened a photographer
called a photo of trump entering the UFC
and there the audience was behind him
and one of the me two of the members of
the audience were Bill Burr and his
wife and his wife was giving the double
finger to Trump behind Trump's
back
so now I'm pretty sure Bill Bill Burr
has talked about you know he and his
wife and maybe some political
differences and stuff like that I'm sure
that's been part of his act so there's
probably nothing there's probably
nothing knew were're learning right so
it's not like we just learned his wife
is not a trump
supporter
but I've listened to Bill Burr for a
long time you one of my all-time
favorites one of the best in the
business and he is a little Politically
Incorrect wouldn't you
say like he I feel like he occupies a
space that's definitely not Republican
but it's definitely not Progressive like
real left Progressive you you some
somewhere in that sane middle ground and
that's a perfect place to be if you're a
comedian who has to fill an auditorium
or an event venue you know you want
everybody to say you know he's a little
bit on my side and then you see his wife
give the double finger in public to the
you know
ex-president now what do you think so
here's the interesting part of the story
I would love to know how the
conversation went when they got home
um honey did you see this picture uh
we're we're trending on the
xplatform really we're trending why well
it turns out you just gave the finger to
40% of
America what yeah you just gave the
finger to 40% of all the people who come
to my shows basically you just reduced
my income by
40% and she'll like no that I was just
giving the finger to Trump
it was just about Trump and then bill
says I don't know I don't know if I have
to be the first one to explain this to
you but you just gave the finger to 40%
of America and my income and our income
just went down
40% would I go to Bill bur show well I
actually had bought a ticket to one once
I couldn't go there was some conflict so
I ended up not going but I wouldn't buy
one
now do you know why I wouldn't buy one
now cuz that's a house I wouldn't be
welcome to go to
dinner like I wouldn't be welcome in
their
company right so them you know
they're a team them I I would never
buy a ticket to his show uh he's dead to
me but only because I only because it's
clear that that would be you know at
least one part of his marriage would
feel the same way about me probably both
but one you know once you know
you can't really see it the same can you
you know it's one it's one thing to say
oh I think that performer has some
political opinions I disagree with
that's not what's
happening I wouldn't I don't mind at all
watching a performer who completely
disagrees with me on politics you know
what I don't want to see is somebody who
gives me the finger in public by proxy
and thinks that's okay that's not okay
and so both of you really that's my
opinion all
right but it's a free country so free
speech yes definitely I definitely agree
with the Free Speech every right to do
it all right
um here's a here's a funny political
story somebody named Senator Ben R
Luhan never heard of
him but uh Ben Ray decided to get in a
technology debate with representative uh
Thomas
Massie now again if you know the players
this is funny before I tell you the
story Thomas Massie MIT
graduate basically runs his own home on
an electric system he designed and built
himself from an old Tesla battery so
he's got this whole Solar thing he
literally built
himself and
probably probably the most techn
technologically s a member of Congress
of all time maybe of all
time so the uh the Luan was saying that
uh what do he say uh there so there's
this act where the government can shut
down your car after a certain year
they'll have the ability to shut down
your car remotely now they say it's
about stopping drunk drivers but
obviously you have to worry about that
sippery slope because of the
simultaneous hipy it's an inside joke uh
dad joke that was a drive by dad joke
right there anyway
um there's a concern that it will act
randomly and then Lu Senator Lan says it
won't act randomly you know it's only
it's only if there's a good reason to do
it and he also said the technology is
not used to track anybody you know it's
not used to track anybody so you know
don't worry about it
Thomas Massie
responds uh maybe you know it will
trigger falsely more often than not
dangerously stranding people in cars now
which one of these two people actually
understands how technology works in the
real world in the real world it's going
to turn your car off for no
reason why because everything that adds
complexity is another reason to turn
your car off this is just one and this
is is an obvious one right if you've got
a little bit of a problem with your car
you can still get home but if it turns
off you're stranded like you're not
going
anywhere so yes any new technology is
going to is going to have false
positives there's no no question about
it don't know how many um and then as
Massie says about
tracking um how would the technology
know if somebody was was driving
properly and at the right speed limit if
it didn't know where you were
driving and I'm thinking to myself H
that's a pretty good point yeah how is
it going to know anything about you if
it doesn't know where you are doesn't
know if you're allowed to do
55 so yeah don't argue with Thomas
Massie on technology it just makes you
look
dumb um this is the funniest most absurd
story in Washington DC the CVS stores
have replaced what used to be Goods you
could buy on
shelves with photographs of the goods
you could buy if they were on the
shelves photographs actually on a little
stand here's what the toilet paper would
look like if it were here and then I
guess you ask for
it
now is CVS really just a a living
marketing department for amazon.com at
this point correct me if I'm wrong but
you can get toilet paper in like 16
hours on on Amazon so the one and only
time and you know roughly the same price
right so basically the only time you
should go to
CVS to buy toilet paper is if you just
took a and you haven't pulled up
your pants and you just realize there's
no paper products anywhere in your house
so you keep your pants you know by your
ankles and you Shuffle down to CVS and
buy something off the shelf and you like
oh God there's only a photograph it's
only a photograph my plan of I mean it's
like CVS is trying to go out of business
as hard as I can
anyway enough about that um new study on
homeschooling says it's
awesome uh homeschoolers learn as much
do as well uh academically and seem to
be as well
adjusted now I think I have a theory
that homeschoolers are better
adjusted better
adjusted here's why if you take any
child and you throw them into the uh the
prison system called Public School
they'll have some positive encounters
because some people are nice and they
might become your friends but mostly you
would be with the biggest who
have ever existed in the history of the
planet Young American Kids Young
American teenagers the worst
people in the world who will try to
destroy your psyche make you mentally
ill hurt you
physically just the worst people in the
world now the old story was that that's
what made you well
socialized really really how about we
put people in Maximum Security Prison
for six years just because that's a good
way to socialize them that'll toughen
them up they'll really be able to handle
all situations cuz they were prison no
you don't put people in a toilet to
toughen them up that's not a strategy
hey let's send these kids to Gaza for a
few years toughing them up
no compare compare what I imagine is
homeschooled I don't have uh personal uh
personal experience but what I've seen
from the outside is that number one kids
who are homeschooled are more likely to
learn how to socialize with with uh
adults true do you think that's true
homeschoolers spend a little more time
with adults and they start to you know
more i' say more quickly acclimate to an
adult
Persona almost all homeschoolers act
polite and they will shake your hands
and make eye contact go to any public
school and find the kid that will shake
hands and make ey
contact do have any of you had the
experience of your teens or younger kids
uh taking friends home to your house
have you ever had this experience where
your teen will walk in the house with
two or three new friends and walk past
you just walk past you like you don't
exist in your own
home do you think a homeschooler would
do
that I mean seriously you think any
homeschooler would walk past an adult in
that adult's own home the first time
you've ever been there I don't well
maybe I mean people are different but I
think they're far more likely to look at
you and say oh I should introduce myself
right now what about the you know the
access to all the weird people so that
you get toughened up well the fact is
that adults don't act like high
schoolers I mean rarely so you don't
really need to get toughened up to learn
how to be a child in high school because
that's not an adult skill an adult skill
is dealing with adults and they are
pretty much different so the
homeschoolers are learning a life skill
which is how to learn deal with adults
the teens are learning a useless skill
which is how to deal with that
they won't have to spend time with when
they're
adults so does it surprise you that the
homeschoolers are and and probably I'm
just assuming this this is speculative
that the the parents of homeschoolers
are also going to be a little bit more
rigorous about checking on their friends
you maybe do a little more due diligence
about who they hang out with I mean the
whole thing looks like a better model so
it doesn't surprise me that the science
is catching up to
them all right here's a funny story The
Washington Post uh talking about Ukraine
here they dropped what some people are
calling a bombshell a bombshell they're
saying now that uh there's a member some
some person in Ukraine
is taking responsibility for planning
the destruction of the nordstream
pipeline so now a Ukrainian Colonel and
cover op Sky you know may have worked
with the CIA but now Ukraine Ukraine is
kind of taking the uh taking the heat
for blowing up the pipeline and this is
reported in the Washington Post now the
Washington Post is long rumored to be
sort of a deep State organ as in not
really news they're they're the ones who
are pushing the prop propaganda that's
what people say um all I know is that
Phil bump works there and that's not a
good sign but here's phase one through
three in Phase One The Washington Post
blamed Russia for attacking
itself attacking their most valuable
asset their pipeline you one of them so
that was phase one that was the
Washington Post blame Russia for
attacking themselves in phase two
everyone laughs at the absurdity of that
propaganda and assumes that America was
involved and failure one and phase one
is a total failure because nobody
believed it it was just so
ridiculous that nobody believed ex well
except some
Democrats I guess some Democrats
actually believed
it but most people did not believe it so
then phase three comes and now
Washington Post is saying that uh
Ukraine has admitted it and Ukraine did
it so
that's
believable do you believe that we went
from Russia did it to itself to
obviously America did it you made that
up that's an obvious lie too well oh
what I mean is no no no did I say Russia
blew itself up no no no um no it was
Ukraine Ukraine led the operation we
don't know if they talked to the CIA but
yeah it was a Ukraine operation is that
conveniently
Pro Biden administration because you
know Biden is going to have to explain
why he's pro- environment but created
the biggest environmental disaster of
our time by blowing that thing up so
Biden actually needs some deniability
and the Washington Post shamelessly at
first blaming Russia for attacking their
own Pipeline and then blames Ukraine
because there's somebody in Ukraine
who's willing to you know go with that
story apparently like like the
ukrainians did it without informing
America or NATO and they did it without
any help from nato in any way or
America how about phase four we laugh at
phase three just like we laugh laughed
at phase one because it's ridiculous
like the the news is just ridiculous if
you want to know how much you should
trust the Washington Post just know that
they cancelled me and they kept Phil
bump that's all you need to know they
cancelled me but they kept to Phil
bump if you don't know who Phil bump is
it's not as
funny uh do you remember my prediction
that we would learn that Israel has
developed new and awesome Technologies
for handling the tunnels the Hamas
tunnels well Lieutenant Colonel corriz
tells us us that uh yes they have
developed new technology for handling
tunnels and the uh Hamas probably
doesn't see it coming now what are those
new technologies they're not going to
tell you so they're not going to tell
you let me tell you what technology I
would
use I would use robots and oror drones
so it doesn't it doesn't matter if
they're flying or not cuz you know they
could fly a few feet off the ground or
they could they could be robots but if
you were sending a drone down a tunnel
wouldn't you lose signal that's the
problem right you'd Lo you'd lose signal
to the the
surface suppose they had found a way to
get a signal to a remote drone in that
case robots would be the only way you
would clear a tunnel the only thing you
would need is to know that it had a
little flashlight on it and that it
could get a signal from from whoever was
operating it here's how I would do it if
you couldn't get a signal to penetrate
the um the distance down now they might
have some technology that can do that
that can penetrate surfaces I don't know
but here's what here's what I would do I
would send a parade of
drones or or robots it works either way
down the tunnel and the the first one
would be the the shooter drone or the
spotter drone so that's the the real you
know the action end but each drone
behind it would C would just be a signal
booster so you'd have one that's and
then each of the drones would learn that
if it loses contact it simply backs up
until it gets contact again so if the
head drone gets taken
out the next drone behind it is a parade
of drones and just takes its place and
then all the other drones are only a
signal boosters so you can get the
signal to it what do you think would
that
work now the the secret would
be the secret would be it would have to
be self- adjusting so a little bit of AI
or something like it to know that if it
loses a signal it has to operate
autonomously until it gets it back and
its first mission is to get the signal
back so it just backtracks until it
until it finds the
signal I think is pretty clever now I
don't think Israel is using my idea that
would be you know weirdly awesome if
they were and I don't know if we'll ever
hear what they used my guess is we
will and I think the reason we learn it
is that you know presumably Hamas would
figure out what was happening you know
somebody at Hamas Will Survive and say
damn it it was those robots down there
everything was going well until they
sent their robots um so I think the
secret will get
out I think Israel will just tell us so
that people will be less likely to build
tunnels just a little less likely now I
also wonder about some kind of a
uh uh particle detector or something
that they can just shoot through the
ground and you know get some kind of
idea what's down there so they may have
some better tunnel detection technology
too from above I don't know we're going
to find out a lot of interesting things
but my prediction was that Israel had
technology for tunnels that would be way
more effective than anything you've ever
heard of and they weren't telling you
until they needed to use it but here we
are so pretty good prediction I'll take
the credit on that
one uh kamla Harris had some words to
say about uh Gaza that situation she
said uh and I quote what I hope is that
we can engage in conversation and
discourse in a way that understands this
is not
binary well what I took away from that
is that she's even worse when she's
sober CU she actually looks sober she
wasn't giggling and I thought oh maybe I
understand why you drink now because if
this is what you produce When You're
Sober now I saw Bill Mah um criticized
on his recent show he criticized Obama
and you know he said this is something
I've never done or rarely done or
something but that Obama was totally
wrong on saying um that of course
October 7th was hideous but in order to
understand the situation said Obama you
have to understand that both sides had
some blood on their
hands and Bill Maher rejected that as a
reasonable message saying that at the
moment the bothsidesism is just the
wrong long message right you know we we
understand the the truth of a long
history like everybody gets that there's
history here but at the moment that's
not where your focus should be if you're
an American leader now that's Bill
Maher that's Bill Maher is he getting
closer to voting uh like every seems
like every time he
talks we just glitched over on
YouTube I I criticized Obama and we just
glitched are you back yet I think
they're
back all
right well
um so uh CNN and other US news outlets
have cut ties with these
photojournalists that were uh apparently
along for the ride they did a ride along
during the October 7th attacks which
would make them more like terrorists
than
photojournalists because if they went
along for the attack certainly they had
some warning the attack attacks were
going to happen right they they didn't
just get thrown on a motorcycle the
moment the attack started so they must
have known a little bit so they do seem
a little complicit or we worried that
they could be so the AP and writers and
CNN number of them have used the same
embedded uh
photojournalists but it turns out they
might have been a little bit more
proas that we
thought um but I'd like to point out
that
uh speaking of comell Harris if you were
to do a vend
diagram of of our media and then a vend
diagram of the
terrorists there'd be a little bit of an
overlap a little bit a little bit of an
overlap so that's all I'm saying all
right
um I would like to turn on my sarcasm
filter what I read next is what I just
posted this morning but I'll tell you in
advance it's sarcasm so that you can
enjoy it all the way through it goes
like this do you remember the time you
saw the list of totally reasonable
demands that the Palestinians have made
of Israel do you remember seeing that
list you know the list the list of the
total reasonable demands you've all seen
the list
right uh you know it was a list that
didn't rely on some sort of historical
narrative you know it wasn't that list
it was the one that didn't didn't seem
to try to fix the past but just sort of
focused on what's real and in the
present you remember that list yeah it
was very constructive starting point for
conversation and I thought hey that's a
good step toward a permanent solution
that list of totally
reasonable demands and I'm talking I'm
not talking about the terrorists I'm
talking about the reasonable Palestinian
people with reasonable demands so you've
all seen the list right
um and uh you know what's important
about that is that it's the most
important uh
document in the world if you think if
you think that the Middle East might
spark a you know larger World
War I mean it's it's the most important
document so we should probably you know
all refer to it you know go Google it
and take a look at it
and um once we have that uh that would
be a good step forward because you you
want to not deal with the the terrorists
of course everybody agrees with that but
the reasonable demands of the
Palestinian people you know the part
where they need I don't know water
electricity um some security you know
things like that the reasonable stuff
maybe travel more less travel
restrictions sort of stuff have you what
well you're acting like that list of
doesn't exist how could that list not
exist it's the entire news the entire
new cycle assumes that exists how could
it not exist well when I printed my
sarcasm published it somebody
immediately went in and said no Scott
there is there is in fact a very
specific list of the reasonable
Palestinian objections number number one
on the list is that the uh
Israeli uh leaders who were part of war
crimes against the Palestinians be
punished so when I said that list that
does not include historical
narratives I was given a list that has
number one on it an historical
narrative your side is bad and you got
to do something about the Badness first
before we're talking about you know food
and water and education and stuff but
you got to you got to address your past
Badness for
first it's like they're not they're not
even
trying who exactly is
trying literally
nobody do you know why nobody's
trying because on average they they both
prefer the fight to the peace let me say
it directly Israel is getting
bigger Israel just gains land every time
they get attacked their their narrative
and their reason for existing and you
know their justification for a big
defense budget everything it it's all
supported by the fact they're under
continuous threat the worst thing that
could happen to Israel is complete
peace do you know why because they would
lose their reasons for not having a
bigger um Islamic presence within Israel
itself it's like we're all at peace why
why can't we buy property here we're all
at
peace do you think Israel wants to live
in peace and lose their let's say
primarily Jewish characters like it's
maybe
20% 20% uh Muslim what what is the
percentage in Israel right now it's a
sub substantial peace right
20% or is that too
much why don't we know that isn't that
like another like important thing to
know if if you're if you're trying to
understand the area and you don't know
the percentage of Muslims living you
know happily in Israel somebody saying
25 2025 okay so there are a number of
people who generally had the right idea
in their head that's good like I say
you're the most most
informed um consumers of news literally
I think you
are all right so would you agree with my
statement that if Israel were in a
permanent peace situation it would be
impossible possible not to lose their
Jewish majority in time because there's
such a difference in procreation levels
would you agree with that I just don't
think it's in Israel's best interest to
have a permanent peace it it just
doesn't work to bolster the strength of
the the Jewish
State and I don't say that as a judgment
right that's not a judgment it's just
sort of a obvious
fact right so how about the
Palestinians do you think the
Palestinians want peace more than they
want war there's no indication of that
all indications are that they they want
to die in a war and they don't mind if
their children die not
much I mean it I mean I'm exaggerating
right obviously everybody cares if their
children die but they're they're
creating a
culture that seems to prefer permanent
war and so they're getting what they
want so I think that when we look at it
from the side and we say why can't they
make peace it feels like you know
there's not enough work toward peace
maybe nobody wants it well that's an
exaggeration too obviously plenty of
people want it but the people in charge
do they want it you think the people in
charge really want a permanent
peace I don't think
so and then I don't think it makes sense
and the reason they wouldn't want it is
not because they're bad people at least
in the case of Israel
it would be just sort of common sense
you know they get
more under these conditions than the
other
conditions in the long run it's
expensive in terms of
lives Scott is admitting to be a
supremacist what what are you drinking
this morning somebody's drinking their
breakfast anyway so um this mirrors
another situation do you remember when
BLM first started and I with great
futility I kept saying BLM if you could
say specifically what you're asking for
then we could all have this big
negotiation and conversation and about
we could solve a few you know and I use
as my example more body cams on police
probably that's something that BLM
wanted more Bobby cams and probably
Republicans would be persuaded to say
yes cuz it it feels like a win-win so I
thought to myself well why don't we make
this list of totally reasonable demands
maybe you can't do everyone but you know
let's take a bite out of it and I very
quickly found out that BLM had no no
incentive to solve anything because they
were getting paid the leaders were being
paid to be leaders and they couldn't
lead to a solution because they stopped
getting paid so it was the you know the
conflict that was the pay off off so
never never try to make peace with
somebody who gets more benefit from the
conflict than the peace it's a waste of
time um here's an interesting angle on
this Middle East stuff so the Saudi
Crown
Prince uh Ben Suman he held a
groundbreaking high level meeting with
the president of Iran now I didn't know
quite the history of their situation I
knew they were obious viously uh enemies
in the region but apparently it's been a
very long time over 11 years since the
Saudis and the Iranians met at a high
level now I'm
loving Saudis uh Crown
Prince's
political
posturing I don't love his you know bone
saw murdering stuff but I also don't
think it's my
business you know it it's a tough area
over there and there's a little bit of
murdering that goes on and unfortunately
if you didn't deal with people who
sometimes did things you really really
don't like you wouldn't be able to do
anything so you know I'm not going to
I'm not going to ignore the fact that he
presumably ordered a bone saw murder of
a of a Critic can't ignore that but he
does seem to be doing productive things
in terms of the future of Israel and the
region and I think there might be
something really important that could
develop if
Israel I'm sorry if Saudi Arabia and
Iran could make some kind of
accommodation that made them both happy
I don't know if it's possible but the
fact that there's any attempt at it at
all is kind of impressive because it's
sort of the root if you could take Iran
out of the fight by simply saying look
the fight's not helping
anybody why don't we Islamic people at
least get along with each other have
some kind of a combination and we could
be a dominant world power you know
collectively you know why why don't we
make our
region at least a powerful region then
when we deal with the rest of the world
we're all dealing together and it could
be like one big happy situation so you
don't have to go Sunni or Shia you you
can stay separate but at least when
you're dealing with the rest of the
world deal with with deal with it as a
you know coherent entity and leave
Israel alone because it's just trouble
you know it's trouble for
everybody so if that's what the Saudi
Prince is going for and I suspect he is
because I think the Saudi Prince wants
to be seen as the you know a senior
Peacemaker which would be a real good
look um and wants to be friends with
everybody in the region as well as
America and he's going to have to do it
himself right it looks like it's a job
for one person basically if he could
pull it off now here's the interesting
part the Crown Prince is friends with
Jared
Kushner and if he's watched Jared work
at all he's learned some of his
persuasion my guess it's just a guess is
that the Crown Prince has more
game than you could possibly imagine
and I think he came by honestly I think
he got it through watching the Trump
team work that's what I think I think he
learned by watching the Trump team
workor now if you haven't heard His
Latest incredibly awesome idea and I
mean that seriously that's not sarcasm
one of his ideas is to reinterpret the
Quran so that instead of saying You must
convert everybody you know even by
violence into Islam he wants to reinter
interet that as you must inform
everybody about Islam so it would be
more of a conversational
informational Victory as long as
everybody knew it then it's up to God
which I love right as long as
everybody's been
informed then it's up to
God let let God decide if he wants to
turn their
souls I like
that now what are the odds you can push
that and get away with it if he controls
the schools it's
100% you got that could could MBS you
know the Crown Prince push something
that is such a completely radical
reinterpretation at least to some some
parts of Islam it would be radical as
long as he controlled the schools
absolutely do you think Gaza will ever
have schools that are um controlled by
Hamas in the future no no there isn't
the slightest chance Israel would be
dumb enough to recreate that mistake
right they're going to control the
schools either directly or through
proxies they're going to control the
schools they don't have a choice Israel
cannot exist in the long run if they
don't get the children trained to not
want to kill them all the time that
that's that's a got to
do but um so this this is a positive
thing and apparently there was a meeting
of uh uh the Muslim countries over there
there's an Arab actually an Arab Summit
and uh there were bunch of groups about
a dozen groups or so and the ones that
want to be friendly with Israel you know
the the uh Abraham Accords plus Saudis
sort of didn't want to go around go with
the majority that wanted to be you know
sort of an anti-israel approach so
already we're seeing that Saudi is being
productive in a way that kind of makes
sense to everybody like it it does look
like you know he's he's uh friendlier to
Israel than we've seen
before but I think he's got solutions
that would work for everybody in the
region if they pay attention to him so
that's positive all
right um I would like to offer the Scott
Adams solution for Israel now when you
hear this you're going to say that is
the dumbest freaking thing I've ever
heard in my life that is so impractical
Scott you don't understand the region
you don't know how they think you're
missing it entirely well I give it to
you anyway and then I'll sell it it goes
like this so the people were chanting
they want Islam to own from The River To
The Sea which of course would make
Israel go away in that version of
History
um how can you how can you give them
what they want which is that Islam owns
from the river to the sea but also at
the same time Israel
exists because those are opposites right
well really have you heard of
Taiwan do you know what our policy of
Taiwan is officially there's one
China but then we just act like there's
two does that make sense
no it's a diplomatic solution which is
absurd but absurd diplomatic Solutions
are actually
routine aren't they when the the Brits
um had a 99e lease on Tokyo on not Tokyo
on Hong
Kong that was sort of absurd wasn't it
we're going to rent your country for 100
years but basically it was just a a
cleaner way to make sure that it went to
where it was going to go anyway but with
some orderly long-term
process so it's not unusual to do
totally absurd
things in the in the Diplomatic realm
it's just common all right so here's my
absurd
solution for how Israel can exist
exactly as it is and yet their critics
can own everything from the river to the
SE and it's not moving the river and
it's not renaming the river that's
stupid is it's uh declaring all of the
land is owned by
Islam this is is Israel doing this and
then leasing it back for a dollar a year
for a thousand
years now you say to yourself Scott who
who are they even going to be talking to
like what Islamic people even could make
that deal well you could find somebody
yeah I I believe there's some Islamic
you know umbrella organizations that
sometimes you will try to speak for the
region so you just find whatever is the
most credible one you say here's the
deal we would like to officially and
tell the world that this is Islamic land
forever but Israel will be leasing it
back for one checkel per year for a
thousand years why a thousand well
because a thousand years everything's
off the table right that like who knows
if Nations even exist in a thousand
years and if in the Thousand Years
Israel is a you know vibrant nation that
definitely doesn't want to give us land
back to the Muslims it just doesn't have
to you can just violate the agreement in
a thousand years right they just say
well things have changed it's been a
thousand years so you know maybe we
don't need this weird diplomatic thing
anymore
so that's my that's my thing now if you
say to yourself but Scott Israel's never
going to agree to that well what's their
alternative what is their alternative
they have only bad
choices so do you know about um I don't
know my history well enough so you'll
have to help me on this is that the
Temple
Mount within Israel that is considered
Muslim real
estate but yet you know the security of
the entire region is still Israel so
they they have some kind of control but
on paper on paper it belongs to uh Islam
right is that is that true or no do I
have do I have my facts
right give me give me a confirmation or
a fact check on that I'm seeing some
nose but is it close am I just getting
some fact wrong is it is it roughly the
roughly what's going on some people are
say yes some people say no all right so
here's the point the point is you can do
any crazy thing when it comes to
diplomacy and if you have a crazy
situation a crazy solution is actually
maybe where you would go to first like
looking for normal solutions to Crazy
situations isn't always going to be your
go-to sometimes you got to get as crazy
as a
situation now would that idea ever be uh
accepted no
there there's no chance that's ever
going to happen but uh I I put it
Forward um only as an example of how
radical you could get in your thinking
because the normal thinking doesn't seem
to be working for anybody so you might
as well could go to abnormal thinking
all right you want another one all right
I can sweeten
it you take a bunch of top soil from
Israel literally dirt just take a just a
 ton of it because there's plenty of
dirt and then you build a Palestinian
Homeland that's in you know let's say
Jordan or Egypt or I don't know
somewhere but uh somewhere that Israel
doesn't have to worry about the security
of it and you
literally you know spread the Israel
dirt where the other dirt is and you say
God says this is good enough you know
you basically you got your Homeland cuz
what is it that what is it that
determines a
Homeland all right here's something from
my book God's debris some of you have
heard it if if I said what makes uh
Israel valuable to both sides you'd say
well location it's the location like
that's a holy location and then I say to
you what is a
location then you say well okay I I get
what you're saying Everything's Relative
so the location is
uh something that's located relative to
other things which are also located so
you can only describe a location in
terms of describing other things and
their location would you agree there
there's no other way to describe a
location except in the context of the
other things that are also in a place
but here's the problem all of the other
things are moving all the time you're on
a planet that's moving through
space um
99.99999% of all the things which
determine a location just moved oh they
just moved again and they just moved
again every moment your location changes
not a little bit but
galactically like the entire galaxy is
moving within the universe the planets
are moving within the Galaxy there isn't
almost anything that's staying where it
is like even the atmosphere in the
region the atmosphere the air you
breathe it's going from country to
country is moving the only thing that's
kind of staying in one place is some of
the dirt relative to some of the other
dirt it's literally about the location
of some dirt on Earth to some other dirt
on Earth it's not about location cuz
remember God does not look at real
estate as being this block or the ZIP
code if you're God you understand that
location doesn't even exist there's no
such thing as location to a God view of
the universe because everything's moving
what what would that even mean there
could only be a location at a moment and
even time doesn't exist if you're God
SpaceTime exists so there's only
SpaceTime there's not even time so from
a God's perspective our little ideas of
what real estate are are
nonsense so the reframe that you want is
to take people from real estate agent
frame hey the thing on the other side of
the fence belongs to a guy and it's
always been here that's the real estate
agent frame take it up to the god frame
location goes
away but if you want to make people
happy we'll give you all the dirt you
want from the Holy Land we got lots of
dirt just take it with you put a put a
little jar of it on your shelf you can
pray to it if you want to you can say
the you know your holy people walked
under dir it like this so it means
something to
you yeah but if you want to take it up
to the god level location
disappears and then you can have a
conversation so why is it that people
are trying to satisfy God by talking
about real estate like a real estate
broker maybe if you're trying to satisfy
God you should talk like God would look
at it and in which case there's no
location as long as everybody has access
to visit the holy sites should be enough
but
the I don't expect that to solve
anything all right
um saw some expert uh I guess it was a
publisher of the New York Sun wrote a
big piece about the situation in Gaza
but here's the thing that the closing
sentence here it's time for the
International Community to recognize uh
what many Israelis and some gazin have
already learned for the foreseeable
future Israeli control of Gaza will
bring the best possible outcome for
basically
everybody but he says before that after
a generation of indoctrination it will
take decades to reverse the culture of
hate the Hamas and the Palestinians
Authority have meticulously cultivated
so remember my
prediction it would be ridiculously
stupid for Israel to attack Gaza meet
some objectives in terms of destroying
Hamas and then turn it back over to the
Palestinians to run it that would be the
dumbest thing they could do and is
Israel a really really dumb country do
they do they do a bunch of dumb things
when it comes to their security not
really not really no so so they're never
going to be dumb enough to give it
back and the as soon as you realize that
the sooner the shock will start wearing
off there is no Gaza anymore it it's not
I mean whatever it will be you know and
by the way Israel said that directly
before they went to Gaza they said we're
going to change the reality of Gaza for
50 years I think one of the generals
said that directly we will change the
reality for Gaza for 50 years in other
words it's not going to be run by
Muslims for 50
years uh at least I don't see how they
could possibly do
that um there's a story that uh the
Israeli president held up a copy of mine
comp Hitler's book there uh he said it
was found in a gaza's children's room
used by humas uh I'm sorry I think it
was a hospital room or something I don't
know but the idea is that the people in
are reading Hitler's book mine comp does
that sound a
little too on the nose little too on the
nose do you know Scott Ritter Scott
Ritter um I think he he's always dealing
with the Russians he takes the Russian
side on the Ukraine Russia war and I
think he takes Russia's side on
everything but uh even Scott Ritter says
he goes the Israelis are not good at
this you know meaning that it's such
obvious propaganda that they're not good
at it do you know what my take
was if you're talking about it they're
good at
it Scott Ritter you don't understand
propaganda I'm talking about it that's
all anybody's going to remember they're
going to remember that somebody said
Hamas is reading m c that's all they'll
remember they're not going to remember
that Scott Ritter said it might not be
true
now is it true I don't know does it
matter well it matters in the propaganda
war and I would say whether it's true or
not it
worked it totally worked because once
you get that like Connection in your
head it's just sticky so it actually
doesn't matter if if uh six months from
now the news runs a story of Correction
it turns out that book was you know
planted there by an Israeli soldier to
be found later would anybody care no you
would never reverse the initial
impression that mine comp is something
they're reading the Hamas people so no
that was totally
successful um Elon Musk was talking
about the situation he said uh you know
of course he's pro peace and wants to
have a negotiated settlement and he says
if you kill somebody child in Gaza
you've made at least a few Hamas members
and then he went on to explain that if
the idea is to reduce the number of
Hamas you have to be very careful if
killing people gets you fewer Hamas then
maybe that's a strategy but if killing
people gets you more
Hamas that's not a good strategy do you
AG do you agree with Elon
Musk that the killing probably produces
more Hamas and therefore it's
counterproductive how many would agree
with that
statement no
yes come on weigh
in yes
no yeah you're not you're not too sure
about this one are you I gu some NOS
some yeses some NOS yeah you're all over
the
board stop it being correct yes but yes
but is the correct
answer um but here's what I would add to
that there are exactly three situations
that guarantee you have more Hamas right
so these are the three things you want
to avoid and see if you agree with the
three that all of them will add will
increase the number of hos number one is
if Israel did
nothing would that increase or decrease
the amount of
Hamas I would say increase because that
would show that Hamas was succeeding and
winning and probably they could do a lot
of recruiting on that so that would
increase
it suppose Israel instead of doing
nothing they do a little bit they do a
little now a little would be somewhat
similar to the way they've been
operating before so a little would be
you do some hard hits you know you do
some bombing you know you haven't really
touch the tunnels you know you haven't
degraded the much but you're you're
playing tough right you're showing that
if you hit we hit you back that's a
little would that make more Hamas or
less
Hamas more guaranteed because now
they've got the you know the the bombing
in their territory it's like hey they're
bombing us join Hamas we'll fight them
so so you can't do nothing that'll
create more Hamas and you can't do a
little that will get you more homas but
what if he did a lot and that's that's
sort of what they're doing now they're
doing a lot does that get you more Hamas
no that probably gets you more Hamas
right because they'll be all worked up
they have better recruiting Because
You're killing so many you're you're
killing Innocents babies their families
become homas right so you've got three
situations you can't do nothing you
can't do a little and you can't do a
lot so what do you do what what is the
rational thing to do if you can't do a
little
you can't do nothing and you can't do a
lot and you and guaranteed those things
won't work what's
left
well one possibility is do everything I
said do a lot but that's not
everything right what they're doing now
is a lot but is it
everything let me tell you what
everything would be everything would be
keeping the displaced Hamas and
Palestinians in some place where they
control the school system they build
them some good schools they build them
some good uh medical facilities maybe
paid for by you know the region not
Israel and they just run it for two
generations to make sure they've
deprogrammed the children for two
generations and then you see what you
have just see what you have when you're
done do you think they will go that far
to AB absolutely just turn it into a you
know a separate place maybe even leave
Gaza un
unoccupied have complete control over
the population and just essentially
write them off for two generations while
you're training the children to to not
hate
people I don't think they could do that
I don't think they'd be able to do
it uh it's like too big a job but what
else would work and and if they did that
that it would turn into a weaker
situation right it would look like a
prison camp and so that probably
wouldn't work either so even doing
everything probably wouldn't work so
what do you do what's the most rational
thing to do when nothing's going to
work I'll tell you what I think
unfortunately the most rational thing to
do for
Israel is to do whatever makes them
mentally whole
again in other words they're not
fighting an
enemy it's a mental health
experiment now it's also you know
reducing their immediate risk but it's
primarily for mental health I think that
you could not live in Israel unless you
knew your army had just freaking wiped
out whoever did the October 7 thing I I
think for the mental health of Israel
the military has go hard and that
nothing else would work and that does
Israel have let's say the moral an
ethical right to cure their mental
health by killing you know boatloads of
people I say
yes because the situation wasn't created
by them it was created by the population
that would lose boatloads of people uh I
think the argument Hamas has already
killed their kids you know if you turn
your kid into a future terrorist it's
just a matter of time I mean they life
isn't going to be that good so um you
know it seems like Israel is more of a
mop up operation for people are are
effectively already dead if you're
talking about the weaponized
children now that's an exaggeration of
course but yes from a you know
everything's messy there's no clean
ethical anything but if you create a
situ
situation in which your enemy you've
attacked their best
smartest medically medically acceptable
thing to do is to destroy your
population it's probably going to happen
now um as much as I think Elon
Musk you doesn't really have a workable
preference I'm okay with that because I
think he knows it you know on some level
I think he knows it but if you're a
leader at that level and and musk is you
know unelected leader but he's a leader
just the same you should always be in
favor of peace and that should be the
first thing you say all the
time that's good form so I'm very much
in favor of musk playing both sides of
this and just saying hey you know both
of you all the time try to make peace no
matter how hard it is and people like me
who are you know less less of a leader I
I can tell you a more realistic thing
which is I don't think there's a way to
win it looks like a permanent situation
to me because both sides want
it well let's see what else has
happening Bill Amman uh went after Biden
hard saying what a lot of people are
saying that he should just
retire Bill Amman you know a very
notable Democrat supporter rich rich guy
so it matters that he says it so every
time you see a new person saying
directly you know you you feel the
initiative is building and building
it'll be easier for anybody else to say
it after that
point all right uh so Trump has a
radical immigration plan in which he
wants to round up uh all the 4 million
immigrants that came in under Biden put
him in large detention camps uh awaiting
to be expelled to other from the I guess
the country they came from and
uh that would include people who had
been settled in in our country for
decades um and he'd go back to you know
all the Trump policies about immigration
Etc and the way he would do it is he
would get uh you would deputize local
police and National Guard troops
volunteered um from Republican run
states to you know to be the the force
that would get this
done what's your what's your take on
that excellent
idea Round Up 4 million people and put
them in prison
camps I tell you I go back to my earlier
comment if Trump would just stop talking
he would so easily get
elected just stop
talking th this this plays exactly into
his enemies hands what is the number one
thing that they're going to say he's
Hitler what is the number one thing you
don't want to do if people are calling
you Hiller say let's put 4 million
people in large detention
camps I don't think this could be worse
right now does his base love it oh yeah
yeah base loves it right but he already
won the
base the base was with him all the
way did do you think he picked up one
extra vote because of this I'd say no CU
nobody was going to vot V for Biden to
secure the border so he basically he had
already won every single person who
wanted a better immigration control he
already won every single one of those
votes but was there anybody actually go
back to Bill Amman Bill Amman said on X
the other
day that lifelong Democrats are coming
to him and saying they're planning to
vote for Trump lifelong Democrats
because they can see that Biden is just
lost lost the
scent now you know that's anecdotal but
don't you think that there are lifelong
Democrats who are very much thinking
about just this one
time you know you get Trump to close the
border and then Trump does the only
mistake you could make in this situation
he goes too far it's the only way you
could make a mistake all he had to do is
just wake up in the morning and eat
lunch and he'd be the president of the
United States really just stop
talking right but did anybody think he
would stop talking no I mean it's not
it's not realistic the the thing that
you like about Trump is that he
continues to say whatever he thinks is
the best idea he just he'll say it now
you can love it and hate it at the same
time from a political strategy uh
standpoint I think it's a loser
uh unless he's so sure he's going to win
at this point but I don't know a little
early to be that sure um here's what
would have been the better
play just be as silent on that as you
can and just say you're going to fix
it just be silent on it because remember
he said he would Deport the I don't know
21 million people who were here
illegally the first time he ran and the
first thing he did when he got in office
was well that looks hard so let's not do
that
but but he used it to sell the idea that
he would be the toughest on immigration
so at the time I said well that's a good
opening offer because you know you can
negotiate that away and then sure enough
you negotiated it away which is what I
preferred I preferred him to negotiated
way um now is this just the same play is
he doing the same play where he really
doesn't mean this but he's got got
something now to negotiate away so he'll
seem like a
moderate given that the number one
attack against him is that he's going to
be Hiller and that he tried to take over
the country and take away your democracy
you don't want to be anywhere near
detention Camp you don't want to be near
it but part of this is also he'd uh he
would get back to blocking some Muslim
countries from
immigration he could sell
that do do you think he'd have any
trouble selling the blocking some Muslim
countries not all of them but some of
them from
immigration yeah he can get away with
that because October 7th in the Israel
situation that just sort of settles that
question in my
mind so to me this looks like a mistake
but I'm willing to reassess this like
we'll see how it goes but I feel like he
just played directly into the hands of
the
uh uh the other side so no matter what
you think is the best policy it I don't
think it's the best
politics all right um mayor Adams Eric
Adams of New
York as I guess he's under some
legal scrutiny for something his
campaign may have done and here's one of
the first things that we hear as his uh
potential transgressions you ready for
this so this is what Eric Adams now
remember he's a Democrat but he had
turned on the question of sanctuary
cities and so he' become very Republican
likee in his criticism of the the way
immigration was being run so he was a
bad Democrat if you happen to be Biden
right uh but Republicans were probably
saying you know there's a lot there's a
lot about you that we like Eric Adams
you know like you're not being crazy
crazy about this so you're actually
being like like a normal person who
would try to stop crime and you know
like what's going on here so of course
he immediately coincidentally he
immediately becomes Under Fire from his
own Administration uh doj and here's an
example of something terrible he's
alleged to have done right listen to how
terrible this is very
terrible
um so there was a I guess the Turks were
building some kind of new facility in
New York City and they had finished the
facility but it needed some kind of
temporary uh certifica of occupancy from
the fire department you know just a
little legal thing that was chipping
them up they wanted to open everything
was done they just needed the fire
department to say yes and it was taking
too long so mayor Adams takes that call
or I don't know it might have been email
or something but the communication and
then he reached down to the person who
was in charge of that part of the
government the ones that could you know
handle it and asked them to look into
it then that part of the government
looked into it and you know the
building's already built and the Turks
had asked for a fast response the mayor
had said look into it and then they
looked into it and they said yeah well
we can do this and they they completed
it and then the Turks got their uh
approval so I I guess he needs to go to
jail doesn't
he what are you talking
about how horrible that the government
was responsive to um well residents
residents in the sense that the this tur
Turkish facility was right in the
city
now I don't know this might be the first
time you've ever heard that this but
what Eric Adams did is exactly what you
want your politicians to do
it wasn't it wasn't a little bit
sketchy it was perfectly down the center
of exactly what you want your elected
officials to do I
myself as a younger man once asked my
state senator to look into a delay in
another big government entity that was
bothering me and a bunch of other people
long story The
Senator um wrote a letter to the
government agent
and said hey what the hell's holding up
your it was an approval it was also an
approval so it was an approval that was
being delayed for something that was
important to Big population and the and
and the senator sent me I mean his staff
sent me a copy of the letter and I
looked at that I remember this is the
most American I've ever felt except for
jury duty I recommend everybody do jury
duty it'll make you feel very American
like you know being part of the
system but I get this letter from my
Senator that says uh yeah we we talked
to that department and we asked them
like what the hell's going on and I
looked at that like really I I was I was
a complete nobody just I was just a
person who had an issue and it was an
issue that the senator wasn't aware of
and as soon as he became aware of it he
said yeah this looks like he should be
looked into so did the senator order
that other department to do so no it
wasn't even their ability to order them
he simply said I'll look into it can you
explain why this is delayed and do you
know what
happened the government agencies sped up
and they approved it and it was probably
one of the most I'll never be able to
tell you this story that you know the
details of the story probably one of the
most useful things I've ever done for
the world was that I actually sped
something up that really needed to get
sped up as as just a citizen you know
with no no power whatsoever and the
system worked
perfectly I had a problem talked to the
person in charge person in charge says
what's going up problem solved now
that's what that's what Eric Adams did
he did what my Senator did he took a con
constituents complaint sounded
reasonable you know he didn't know all
the details but said hey look into it
and then it got
solved now some people say but but Scott
that took the Turks and put them the top
of the list you know is that unfair to
which I say I don't know were the Turks
the only people who could contact the
mayor they're the only
ones this this is what you should do you
contact your government when you have a
problem and then they see what they can
do I don't know just makes the Turks
look smart to me that's all I see I see
the Turks are smart end of
story all right ladies and
gentlemen you have now been witness to
the greatest live stream on this Sunday
I'm going to say bye to the uh folks
here on YouTube thanks for joining
always a
pleasure um thanks for watching the best
live stream today bye for now see you
tomorrow