um hey everybody come on in
yes beautiful weekend morning and it's
time for coffee with scallops luckily as
luck would have it you came to the right
place coz that's me and I know you want
to enjoy the Sun with a new set of
course you do who wouldn't really and
all you need is I always wait till
thousand users are here before I said
here we go a cup or a mug or a glasses
Diane is jealous detector to thermistor
plastic can't eat acrylic goblet a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid get ready for the
simultaneous EPS the dopamine yet that
makes the rest of the day awesome here
it comes
Erica let's go sublime well my book
loser think which comes out of November
5th is available for pre-orders if you
didn't know that already and the
pre-orders are are going briskly so it
looks like it could be a sort of a big
book could be a big book because loser
think is sort of sticky a lot of stuff I
talked about in there is going to make
your head explode in a good way so I
love the fact that Justin Trudeau
decided to announce an assault a ban on
assault weapons in Canada really good
timing really good timing now I can't
even I can't even dislike that because
it's so it's transparently obvious what
he's doing he's distracting but at the
same time totally it works totally works
so let's give it up to Justin Trudeau
for that now here's my other comment
about Trudeau
how good a life do you have to live in
terms of being good to people you know
treating everybody the same
how many years of a really good life do
you need to live to get away with being
discovered to have had three brownface
slash slash blackface events in your
life and people look at it and go yeah
you're still not racist that's pretty
good if you think about it yeah could
any of you do that could any of you be
discovered for having three separate
blackface pictures in your past and
still have people look at you and say
you know hey you still alright I you
know you you've been so good I know
that's just a bad decision it's kind of
impressive and I saw two different
schools of thought well maybe I only saw
one because the only other school of
thought is me apparently so that's not
quite a school that's like one student
so what school of thought is that even
though Justin Trudeau is clearly not a
racist
he he he crossed some line that if you
were on the right you would be skewered
you would lose your job you would be
vilified forever and so people quite
rightly say hey they do it to us we
cannot be cowards we must be brave and
do it right back to him is that a good
strategy I ask you now maybe that was
sort of a good preliminary strategy
because it did it did frame things as
it's not just one side doing stuff but
rather it's people doing stuff so I
think it was useful for a long time to
push back on all of these little gotcha
situations but maybe we're reaching a
point where a little leadership is
necessary because remember if you were
on the camp that says you know I think
I'm gonna accept Justin Trudeau's
apology let's say you do it in public
and you do it on Twitter let's say you
did what I did I think I did it publicly
I accepted it as apology yeah it wasn't
really apologizing to me but on behalf
of a pub
like which often gets worked up on
behalf of other people that we imagine
are offended by art I decided to forgive
them now let me ask you this if somebody
else if someday somebody produced a
picture of me in blackface there are
none
trust me there are none hypothetically
if they did would I be in a better
better shape or worse shape having
publicly created record of saying yeah
that's just a custom better right
because if then then if somebody found
you or I had made that same dumbass
mistake or any version of that you know
there's there's lots of versions of that
mistake if we made any version of it
wouldn't it be handy for people to know
you're not a hypocrite right
because at least you have that going for
you because if you've said of other
people you know that's not a big deal
that's just a joke or bad judgment or
whatever happened 20 years ago let it go
if you're on record of saying that
you're not a hypocrite if it happens to
you and you say you know I treat
everybody the same way I did it Justin
Trudeau did some version of something
maybe we should all just lighten up
you're in a you're in a lot better shape
to not be a hypocrite if you're willing
to let such an obvious the thing that's
different about the Trudeau case is that
I haven't seen one single person suggest
he's actually racist have you that's
kind you know I said this before but
that's kind of impressive right
now I'm with most of you which is he's a
bit cringe-worthy to watch with his
don't say mankind say humankind study he
takes it a little bit further than it
needs to be mmm
I wish you would stop calling himself a
feminist I know what he means just the
way the words hit my head don't work but
none of them know
them suggests he's a bad person there
it's just a little cringy when we hear
him talk that way for some of us and I
suppose other people are saying sorry my
cashier I suppose other people are
saying that's exactly what we want
all right so people are talking about
how their children are making a big
impact on this climate change stuff so
they had their big climbing sprite day
and they took our day off of school all
over the world mostly the United States
and they protested that their government
is not doing enough about climate change
here's what's wrong with that
everything that's what's wrong with that
everything at what point did we decide
that we would consciously turn over
leadership to the dumbest and least
experienced people in the entire world
actually literally the dumbest and least
experienced people in the world least
knowledgeable least experienced and
dumbest children now I of course was
once a child and so that's one of the
ways that I can notice that I got
smarter since then have any of you
noticed that you're smarter since you
were a child why are we letting children
make our political decisions could it be
a worse idea no it is literally the
worst of bad ideas now even in the
sixties when young people were
protesting Vietnam those young people
were still older those young people were
often over 18 they were just young so
that was a little bit different and and
protesting a war is sort of a simpler
situation how many of these children let
me ask you this how many - how many of
the children know the phrase
carbon-capture how many of them even
know that there's a whole bunch of
startups making carbon capture devices
to suck co2 out of the air how many know
that none
how many of them know the children who
were in the climbing strike how many of
them know that nuclear energy is really
sort of the only way to attack this you
know with with everything else but it
has to be part of the big part of the
picture and that even even reasonable
Democrats say the same how many do you
think out there were against whatever
the climate change policies are and also
against nuclear energy probably a lot so
somehow we managed to weaponize the
dumbest people in society and again I
say that was love we were all children
we're all smarter now wouldn't you
rather have the decision made by the
smart people I mean if you have a choice
and I think we do now I would even go so
far as to say that children do not have
opinions on climate change
they don't have opinions children do not
read the news and form opinions opinions
are assigned to children
am I wrong I you know opinions are
assigned to adults too usually by your
favorite news source but for children is
far more obvious children don't have
independent opinions about climate
change they what they know about it is
so small that you could not interpret
anything they say about it to be
anything like an opinion what they have
is not an opinion they have anxiety they
have anxiety who gave them the anxiety
well their teachers maybe their parents
maybe some of them watch the news but I
kind of doubt it how many of those kids
do you think watch the news five percent
tops so children are all getting all
worked up by adults and it couldn't be a
more a more unproductive situation than
adults making children scared to death
and then wait for it making children
scared to death
and then putting them in charge because
that feels like what happened yesterday
that they were sort of empowered to you
know have a political clout that maybe
they normally wouldn't I have so there
we should not be happy about that that
crowd that climbers strike thing we
should be condemning it as total
manipulation of young minds now if
adults took a day off work and say well
we've looked into it we've been watching
the news I'd still think they were under
informed but at least there are adults
at least they you know had a chance to
look into it and you do what they could
to make a decision the children don't
look into it
children don't research they take
whatever opinion this assigned to them
and what was assigned to them was
anxiety and then we put them in charge
it could not have been a more ridiculous
situation all right I have an
announcement to make first announcement
is you probably heard that the Houthis
in Yemen who took credit for sending the
the missiles and drones into the Saudi
Arabia oil facility and blowing it up
they claim credit for that but now more
recently they said that there they're
announcing that they will not use drones
and cruise missiles to attack Saudi
Arabia and I thought I would follow
their lead and so I'm announcing today
that I too will not be from this point
on and this is a promise I personally
will not shoot any drones and cruise
missiles into Saudi Arabia now you're
probably saying to yourself Scott that's
stupid
you don't have any cruise missiles
Scotty
you don't have any drones that can go
attack Saudi Arabia just like the
Houthis they don't have that either so
if they don't have that stuff and
they're promising not to you
it and I don't have that stuff can I
promise not to use it I mean Iran has
that stuff but I don't see that making
any promises but yes you're all Saudi
Arabia you can rest rest easy because
like the Houthis I am NOT going to
attack Saudi Arabia with all my cruise
missiles of my drums because I don't
have them Christina says differently
okay that's funny so there are reports
that were tightening the banking related
sanctions on Iran but have you noticed
that's not a big story the first time I
heard I was like whoa we're going after
the National Bank or their central bank
or something about a bank we're gonna
shut down their bacon man Iran is in
trouble now and then you look into it a
little bit and it's like well it turns
out we're not really gonna do anything
to their banking system all right
because I think we did all the things we
can do whatever this latest thing is I
don't even know if they're gonna notice
because the news at least this is just
based on the news coverage the news is
treating it like maybe all the good good
sanctions have already been used and
whatever is left with this banking
situation probably won't make any
difference
so we'll see so here's one of the most
clever tweets that you will ever see
this comes from navall Rafa Conte now
I've talked about an evolve before I
refer to him sometimes as the smartest
person in the world I don't know that
that's true but until I see somebody
who's smarter I'm gonna go with that as
far as I can tell he might actually be
the smartest person in the world in
terms of things that you need to know
you know not you know certainly they're
scientists who know things he doesn't
know but in terms of a good general
understanding of a reality and had a
deal with it business-wise social wise
intellectually
a lot of different ways now I I know him
he's a friend so I can confirm that he's
just a smarten person if not smarter so
he's a real deal
anyway he's no vowel he's at M as a
neighbor AV al and if you're not already
following him you're missing out on some
good stuff so here's his here's his
tweet I'm gonna read it and then I'll
tell you why it's so good because it
won't be obvious at first he said navall
says quote does it bother anyone else
that our elected officials live in a
panopticon run by our intelligence
agencies now what's the first impression
you had when I said that you said
yourself what the hell is a peon Opticon
what's up al Opticon so that's the first
brilliant thing about the tweet
Navalny was and you know I'm not doing
mind-reading here exactly I know him
well enough to know that he certainly
knows that the vast majority of people
who see that word as in 99 percent well
know what it means
all right so the first thing you need to
know is he's definitely smart enough to
know you're gonna have to look up the
word that's the first smart part because
I did look up the word I don't know what
I meant it's what it means is what it
means is a situation like a building for
example in which the observers can
observe whoever they're observing but
the people being observed can't observe
them back so in other words it's a
one-way observation system so what he's
saying is then I'll read it again so now
that you know that a peon opticon is a
situation where somebody can see you but
you can't tell who's watching you he
says does it bother anyone else that our
elected officials live in a panopticon
run by our intelligence agencies now
here's the second brilliant part of this
suite the moment there's a word for it
it changes how your brain processes it
because if I said to you let me tell you
about a concept there's a concept in
which some people can see you but other
people
can't see you back and that could cause
from probable you know concepts don't
hold us they don't they don't move us
they don't persuade us they don't frame
things but as soon as you've got a handy
word for a thing you can you can capture
all the concept into the word people can
look it up and from that point on the
word is weaponized so what wouldn't have
all did here this is not an ordinary
tweet this is not ordinary alright you
don't see ordinary people doing
something like this what he did by
putting a word on that pan opticon and
making us look it up and then collapsing
everything that we know about the
concept of people spying on us into this
thought and then it gets even better he
puts it in the form of a question all
right very powerful statements you
automatically want to disagree with
right if somebody else suddenly makes a
statement
we're spring-loaded say yeah what's
wrong with that statement I disagree and
then I'll figure out why I disagree
later so instead of making it a
statement he puts it as a question does
it bother anyone else that our elected
officials live in a paean optica and run
by our intelligence agencies and i have
to say that after i looked it up I had
an O Shi T moment where I thought that's
exactly what's happening as long as your
intelligence people can see the
politicians and the politicians can't
see them back who is running the country
and who's running the country if the
intelligence people can see you and you
can't see them back and they are
watching and they're watching all the
politicians who's running in the country
it's not the politicians because if
you're watching carefully you can always
find something to take the politician
off the game and we're watching that
with the with the Ukraine situation now
baby the Ukrainian situation would have
happened anyway etc but as long as we
live in a world in which the
Watchers can suddenly break the fourth
wall I'm using a terrible analogy here
but as long as they can go from just
watching to leaking and then or even
getting the justice you know system
involved as long as they have that power
the politicians are not exactly in
charge even though those people work for
them the people who are watching the
people who can't watch back
it's the watchers who are in charge
because they have the power of the leak
which were saying this week it's a very
powerful thought it's one of the most
powerful tweets maybe I've ever seen you
know I don't know how to rank such
things but you're not gonna see one
that's like a bulldozer in your head
I have often not often that's that was
pretty impressive
all right I'd like to go back to this
quote by Mark Twain
Mike sort of itch surface this quote the
first the first time I ever saw it so I
give him credit for surfacing it because
it it applies to just so many things and
if the Mark Twain quote is I'm
paraphrasing but he said that we we
humans we can't tell the difference
between good news and bad news
now isn't that true like we just can't
tell the difference you know is the
economy good or is it on the edge of a
recession there's a good news yeah this
is North Korea going a great way because
the president kimber friends or are they
building nukes I don't know I can't tell
good news from bad news can you I mean I
literally can't tell now I have opinions
I can't really tell because I can't know
the future I can't know all the things I
don't know so I'm thinking about that
what I'm looking at this Ukrainian
situation well what's happening with
this Ukraine situation we're framing it
people are framing it in all different
ways so the anti-trump herbs are saying
my god it's a quid pro quo even if he
didn't directly say what he would get
what the Ukraine would get in return
should they look into Joe Biden so from
the Democrats it's all bad news and the
president has crossed the line and that
whistleblower is absolutely right to do
what he did how could you possibly ask
another country to interfere in our
elections by researching your opponent
who's leading in the polls how could you
do that so that's one frame the other
frame is it was a private conversation
even if you don't like it the president
can do that all right so the
conservatives are kind of stopping at
kinda doesn't matter what he said he got
elected you didn't
as long as what he said was legal as far
as I can tell it was whatever he said no
I don't think anybody's saying it was
illegal as long as it was legal as long
as he had a reason you don't have to
agree with the reason he can he can be
asked questions now I added a third
frame so you're two frames are that you
that he did something horribly
inappropriate by asking another country
to get involved with his with the
election and with a competitor the
second one is the Conservatives saying
it doesn't matter what he said private
conversation end of story I'm adding the
third one and I tweeted about it
comes with two questions number one
whose job is it to guarantee the
integrity of presidential elections
president Trump am i right isn't it
literally his job as it was Obama's job
to make sure that the Russians didn't
interfere in 2016 we've been saying that
forever it's Obama's job he didn't do
his job and now we have a situation
where the current president is now his
job so we I think we would all agree
that if there's foreign interference
whether or not it could have been
stopped it's still the president's
problem still his responsibility no
matter how it goes that's his job now
let me ask you this does election
interfere
include knowing who might be influenced
by another country such as blackmail of
course it does that's what we've been
talking about for three years we've been
talking about how Russia might have have
had compromise might compromise might
have had some secret information on
trump could have could have had control
of them that matters right that's all
part of securing the integrity of the
election because you wouldn't want to
have a fair election that elected the
person who is a Russian puppet or a
Chinese pot or a Ukranian puppet
everybody's agreeing right so so far we
all agree it's Trump's job to secure the
elections and they're part of that job
quite legitimately is to make sure that
nobody who gets elected is being
influenced by another country
now with this Biden situation obviously
the other entities in in the
administration were not having any
headway and getting any information
about what could have been a
compromising situation for Joe Biden
should he get elected how is it not
president Trump's job to ask the
question now if he didn't need to ask
the question that would be the best
situation because then the let's say the
FBI or whoever's whoever's working on
making sure that foreigners do not
interfere if they could have gotten
Ukraine to tell them everything that
needed to be known about Joe Biden and
especially his son's involvement hunter
Biden's if the FBI could have done that
on their own probably they would have
done it do you think that the president
would have asked eight times somebody
says your what about us at the show I
don't know what what about ISM would
apply to this case so so the point is
that it was literally the the
president's job that we all agree to now
if Ukraine
influence on the election and we
certainly would need to know if Biden
was compromised by anything that Ukraine
knows and we don't yet know now had you
heard that frame before I tweeted it
this morning who was it who said to you
in this whole conversation you've been
watching it's like wall-to-wall story
has anybody said to you it's Trump's job
to ask that question because if the FBI
can't get the answer maybe you have to
talk to the boss you know the head of
the country and say can you work with us
to get this done he wasn't asking the
the head the president of Ukraine to
answer the question at the moment he was
asking him to get his people involved
with Trump's people how else could you
interpret it he wasn't saying you
personally go find out what's going on
and you personally tell me how else
could you interpret it then can you have
your people work with my people and my
people are the right people
FBI whoever does this stuff I assume
it's the FBI so let me ask you again
because I'm not saying anything in the
comments
is there anybody before I said it was
there anybody who said you're describing
his actual job experiences job duties as
president he is supposed to ask the
president of Ukraine to help us look
into something that is so well known
they even the public knows there are
some questions to be answered now it
might be there's nothing there but he
still has to ask that question doesn't
he now some of you might say Scott Scott
Scott you naive poor bastard don't you
know that that's not why he's asking
he's not asking because he wants to
protect the country he's asking because
he wants to hurt his political opponent
so it doesn't matter if he's also doing
his job in exactly the way you would
want him to do it and by the way that is
exactly the way I'd want him to do it
I'd want him to be talking in front
witnesses which he was I would want him
to say can your people work with my
people because this is a legitimate
question which he did and apparently you
have to ask eight times because Ukraine
wasn't catching on the first seven times
and I don't know if they've agreed to do
anything or not so that's that I tweeted
that jokingly that you know President
Trump made his critics talk non-stop
about Joe Biden's son which is all good
for the president a number of other
people have made that observation that
the more we talk about this sort of the
better it is for the president because
over time your your let's say your
outrage over the fact that the president
made a phone call because that's what it
was how outraged are you that well the
president made a phone call there's not
much there it's pretty thin but but all
of these things seem bigger because the
way they're covered and talked about in
day one a month from now I'm not even
sure that anybody remember this unless
there's new news about it so but I just
to clarify in my tweet some people took
it to mean that I thought it was
President strums clever plan from the
start that he was gonna you know put
this out there and get it leaked and
talk about Biden and I don't think
that's the case but it's just it's just
what happened what happened was it
turned out great for the president
should this should be the end of Biden I
would think right if if you lose sound
just sign off inside an icon so I just
saw a clip by Bill Maher whose show runs
on Friday night so I guess was a segment
there and I watched it in which he
talked about how the Trump supporters
are always in claiming that people like
him have Trump derangement syndrome now
first of all I was very happy to hear me
use the phrase Trump Benjamin's syndrome
but he suggested that that they're not
to the crazy ones and that were
supporting Trump
the supporters are the crazy ones to
support that they showed a montage of
President Trump saying a bunch of things
which if you saw the amount of context
sound kind of crazy most of them were
actually literally related to jokes
where where they you take a little bit
out in context where the president was
making a flourish to tell the joke then
you put them all together and it looks
like he's you know acting crazy
so the first thing you should learn is
that any any compilation of a person's
verbal gaffes makes them look crazy so
you know Bruce here with Biden but you
also see it with the Trump compilations
it doesn't mean either of them are crazy
I think that Biden is incapable not
because of the gaffes but because when
he's just regular talking
he looks incompetent to me I'm not
waiting for the gaffe but here's my
takeaway this is very much a protest too
much situation because if you look at
the clip you're going to say to yourself
this looks like the worst case of trim
derangement syndrome I've ever seen it
looked like Maher is just enough
material material meaning criticisms of
the president because he kept saying he
would show the president doing the
president's usually let's say theatrical
style and then he would say you know we
can't normalize this you know we can't
allow this to be a normal president do
you know what he left out the reasons he
left out the reasons so the statement is
here's Trump bunch of clips showing
Trump being Trump just the way you
expected to be most of them uses clips
you've already seen and then they say
and all and all the the panelists are
nodding their heads oh yeah oh yeah yeah
you can't you can't let this be
normalized but they leave out because
because what
because our GDP will continue to be
strong we don't want to normalize this
because what unemployment will stay low
for every segment of the population now
we don't want to normalize this because
we might not have enough Wars what
exactly what exactly are we worried
about normalizing this is the strongest
country we've ever had by far by far has
the United States ever been this solid
now some people would argue that the the
national debt is a big time bomb that's
a separate conversation because I'm not
sure that national debt works the way
you think it does so it's not like owing
money on your credit card but otherwise
I would say the country is in massively
good shape and if you're but if your
best if your best complaint about the
president is we don't want to normalize
the behavior that put us in the best
shape we've ever been you kind of had a
material your anima Tyrael all right
the there's a growing list of reasons
that Elizabeth Warren can't become
present and I I think it's useful to
mention them I've written ever now and
that because when I'm watching the
Democrats say all right all right okay
so now Biden turns out he's incompetent
all right all right
but we're still good we got all these
other kidneys but bite how about Bernie
oh damn it damn it Bernie Bernie's too
old to and you know he's not popular now
if he can't cross the line all right all
right but Warren Court so now the
Democrats who are the smarter ones the
ones who can tell with clarity the Biden
will not be the nominee you know that
would be every smart Democrat knows that
now and they could tell by Bernie
probably won't get there either so now
they're like AHA Warren Warren yeah
warrant warns killing it so you see lots
of positive articles about Elizabeth
Warren or crowd sizes are good the
energy is good
she's got policies and she's really
sticking it to the president yeah but
there are few problems with Elizabeth
Warren here are a few she she wants
aggressive movement on climate change
but she is not in favor of nuclear
energy you can't get elected with that
you can't you can get elected if you are
a Republican saying I don't think
climate change is a big deal but I'm
still in favor of nuclear energy that
might be a suboptimal political opinion
but still got Trump elected so so we
know it can be done
but I would state with some some
confidence that nobody in the world
could ever get elected being totally
afraid of climate change and and knowing
that we have to be aggressive at least
that's that would be their position we
have to be aggressive and saying no to
nuclear energy it's like you just
haven't looked into it that's so
disqualifying now you might say to
yourself I don't know people voters
aren't that smart but they will be
because all you have to do is that you
get the voters and say do you really
care about climate change as much as
Elizabeth Warren yes well then why don't
you do something that's not the dumbest
thing in the world which is what
Elizabeth Warren is suggesting which is
the only thing that makes it worse what
is the only thing that will make climate
change substantially worse getting rid
of nuclear energy every every Edit
expert will tell you the same thing I
believe a hundred percent of experts
would agree left and right if you get
rid of nuclear energy you're making
things worse how could you win on that
it's a completely unwinnable case
especially since even Democrats don't
agree with that position secondly
health care for all now I'm in favor of
figuring out a way to get this country
to cover everybody however we can get
there I don't think it's as simple as
let's raise taxes and give everybody
free healthcare I like something a
little more elegant than that a little
more market market-based but be that
so so I only say that to tell you I'm
not giving you my opinion on health care
I'm just going to make a mathematical
statement people who already have health
care and like it are just not going to
vote for because who wants to lose the
health care they already have we are far
more triggered and far more emotional
about losing something than we are about
the opportunity of gaining something so
the the risk of losing your good private
health care that you like your doctor
things are working out for you that
describes at least half the country
I would think those people are just not
going to vote to have their own health
care worse while paying more if you had
good health care and your company is
paying for it would you ever vote to
make your health care worse and for you
to pay more so other people can have it
some people will some people are awesome
some people care about other people more
than they care about themselves or at
least they live their lives that way so
might be a few but you can't get elected
in a general in a general election by
telling half of the country their
situation is going to worsen and they're
gonna pay more for it that's her that's
our proposition I'm healthcare and again
I without even criticizing whether the
plan is good or bad you can simply say
that you know that for every person who
gets who gets the health care they're
gonna be X number of people were saying
hold on mine is just gonna get worse and
I'm gonna be paying more for it what's
up with that can't get elected for that
the other ways reason she can't collect
Adar she has low support from the
african-american community and not
really seeing that changing can the
Democrat get elected without really
really solid support from black voters
we'll find out
because I don't think she's gonna have
it if she gets nominee and then she also
did another disqualifying thing in the
in the vein of Hillary she made a
blatant anti male comment at one
for rallies the our statement was we're
not here because of you know the men who
went before in fact we're not here
because it men at all now of course the
pedantic people are saying well but you
know there have to be some sperm in and
egg so there was a man involved blah
blah but just I didn't emotional how
that makes you feel level forget about
the details away she said don't you feel
that she's taking the most looser ish
path anybody could ever take which is
which is basically Pro woman a little
bit anti male at least in the way it
feels
now I'm not reading her mind I don't
know that she has any anti male feelings
internally but if she's talking in a way
that makes people feel that man are
gonna show up and they're not gonna vote
for her but here's the I don't know why
this isn't already a thing maybe it'll
be the first time you heard it from me
do you want a president who has war
right in her name ward so and and I
would love it if she picked a vice
president presidential running-mate
whose last name happened to be peace so
they'd be warned peace but you think to
yourself Scott that's just her name that
doesn't mean anything it kind of does
kind of does if you have the word war in
front of you all day long because that's
what all reporting about the president
is Warren Warren Warren do you think
that that makes you more likely so that
somebody's asking me if I'm kidding
totally serious now
what I'm saying about her last name is
completely serious
based on persuasion based on what I know
about hypnosis if you make the country
say the word war a billion times because
they're just talking about war em it
does influence you toward war
now somebody's saying nonsense so I will
accept some fact-checking on that
because I don't think anybody's ever
done a study that would be so specific
that you could you could fact-checking
on this well let me let me say it this
way if it makes you feel better I will
soften
I will soften my opinion on this a
little bit based on everything I know
about persuasion and how the brain is
wired it should be true they're using
the word war continuously just in the
service of talking about the aim of the
president should she become president
should buy a shoe toward war he should I
mean that would be the normal thing you
would expect now how about if your last
name is Trump literally a word that
means win if you say Trump long enough
are you more likely to be biased or wind
maybe I don't know and in that gate in
the case of Trump his brand is so strong
there probably overwhelms what the word
means but in the case of Warren she's a
little washed out brand her name is
gonna have more power because she's a
little she's sort of a a weaker brand
she doesn't overrule her own brand all
right Dan Crenshaw has tweeted a pro
nuclear energy position and I wanted to
describe to you one of the benefits of
social media that's not obvious to you
one of the problems with getting people
in the government to say yes we need
nuclear energy is what's the biggest
obstacle the biggest obstacle is that
they think it will bite them in the ass
right they think that if they come out
in favor of nuclear energy that they're
exposed that it's going to make them
look like the out of touch one now
modern nuclear energy technology is the
safest energy we have by far it's not
even close but not everybody knows that
so if you were a politician let's say
you knew that let's say you're one of
the politicians who knew nuclear energy
is not the less safe versions of our
past but our is these you know safest
energy source we have by far in our
present if you knew that you still
wouldn't want to go out and say nuclear
energy even as a Republican you might
you might hold it back a little bit
because you don't know how people are
gonna respond to it
and you don't want to give people a
reason to hate you and it's you know as
maybe it's not your cause so you're not
going to go die on that beach here's
what people like me and people like
Michael Shellenberger and people like
mark Schneider and those of you who
tweet us here's the service that you
perform you made it safe collectively
and I would I would thank mostly the the
people who were you know I judges my
mentors on this so Sheldon Berger and
Schneider the two most vocal Twitter
users who are promoting nuclear energy
and education so that we understand it's
a good deal those so they're their
guidance allowed me to feel comfortable
tweeting my full support that we should
be developing that that path now what
happens when I tweet it well at the
world sees what happens to me do I get
slapped down where do people say okay I
wasn't up to date I'll take a look at
that so it's not just me but everybody
who retweets me everybody who's boosting
the signal of the two people I mentioned
or just boosting nuclear in general
social media becomes the way you test
whether you can stick your head up you
know if you stick your head up out of
the hole do you get it locked off or or
do you get away with it and I think that
what I and everybody who's been tweeting
about the positives of nuclear energy
has shown and I think Cory Booker's
shown it and now Andrew yang is shown it
and by the way even if those two lose
you know I'm guessing neither them will
get the nomination but you've got to
give it up for Andrew yang and Cory
Booker because they've completely
changed the way we can look at climate
change because of being pro nuclear
energy and that change allows it makes
it safe for other Democrats to say are
you too Booker and yeah they're both in
favor of nuclear energy because if
you're a Democrat no matter who you are
you look at those two guys and what do
you say to yourself they're the smartest
ones in the game all right now maybe not
literally because everybody running is
pretty smart Buddha judge very smart but
when you're looking at yang and Booker
the first thing you think is okay
whatever else you think of them whatever
else you think of their policies they're
super smart like super smart like really
really smart and they're Pro pro-nuclear
you can't ignore that so here's what I
think I think that everybody I've
mentioned collectively and many of you
who have retweeted the same content
collectively we just made it safe for
politicians to tiptoe out and say how
about about a little nuclear energy
right wouldn't you say that two years
ago if you if you gave a full-throated a
full-throated endorsement nuclear energy
don't you think just two years ago you
would have been pretty slap down on
social media don't you think but the the
links and articles written by both
Michael Shellenberger and then Marsh
Nider doing his own content plus lots of
tweets and retweets of useful links that
show you the you know the safety of
nuclear energy the those guys basically
created a base of tweetable links so
that people like me could feel
completely safe going out there and say
oh yeah
you know if you're not looking at this
you're at a date and then we make it
safer in an expanding circle we make it
safer and safer we're still right on the
edge and I don't think we're quite there
yet actually to where President Trump
could go in front of the public and say
not just as an afterthought here's what
the Republicans like to do and starting
to bother me a little bit and Crenshaw I
did it too they like to throw it at the
bottom of the list doesn't after thought
yes we need to do things to clean up our
energy and you know we should clean
those rivers and you know maybe using
carbon capture a nuclear energy so that
needs to move to the top of the list so
that if you could have talked about
anything in that domain you start with
well we need a robust nuclear energy
industry yes both for energy and for
pollution reasons for safety reasons for
co2 reasons if you care about that and
if it's not a problem you still need
nuclear energy and of course we can't be
competitive in space without a robust
nuclear industry which we don't have
right now
it's shrinking so people are saying
nuclear needs to be named something else
yeah I've mixed feelings on that if
nuclear were any other topic I'd say
yeah let's talk about coming up with a
clever friendly branding for it I think
he has too much history I just don't
know that you can I just don't know that
you could ever change that
so so I see some chatter in the comments
about Kansas Owens ripping somebody part
at the some congressional hearings now
if you haven't seen if you haven't seen
the clip it's totally worth watching it
and it doesn't even matter who it was
like who she was slapping down so there
was some left-leaning person who who
said something that and I'm listening to
it and watching Candice Owens because
she's on the screen at the same time and
I'm watching her her nemesis I guess at
least in that meaning saying things that
I'm you know it was obvious as soon as
it came out of her mouth I thought to
myself well I don't think that
represents Candace's opinion but here's
the funny part and this is why it's
worth watching and Candice is completely
quiet
well while her nemesis is spouting
things that are just utter BS and and
and basically slandering her by putting
opinions in her mouth and stuff and you
watch her sitting there and that we've
seen this before she gets quiet so she
doesn't interrupt you you would expect
sometimes people would interrupt if
somebody is mischaracterizing their
opinion but she doesn't interrupt she
just sits there and you can see her like
like collecting energy yeah those of you
who saw you know what I'm talking about
she's just like collecting your energy
and that it's her time to talk and she
just filleted she just filleted the the
person who was lying about her opinions
it was it was a beautiful thing to watch
so but what I liked was how we've seen
this before because I've talked about
almost the exact same thing in some
other context I forget but watching her
a collector energy and then release it
is just a beautiful to watch it's just
beautiful
so all right that's all I've got today I
think let me check my notes that's all I
got today I'm gonna talk to you later
bye for now