[Music]
bum-bum-bum hey everybody come on in
here let's have a little thing I call
coffee with Scott Adams and the
simultaneous sip it all it takes is a
thousand people to rush in here the next
thing you know
well this sipping is gonna be happening
and all you need all you need it's all
you need is a cup or a mug or a glass a
tanker chelators tie and a canteen Joker
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee
enjoyed me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine the end of the day
the thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous sip go mmm
spicy good stuff well it seems to me
that the news has sort of shrunk down to
the boring category recently but it
still left us some good stuff that's
right
fun stuff I don't really care about news
that isn't fun people died in that sort
of thing but we do have some fun stories
for example three Democratic candidates
were asked in recent interviews if they
could name the President of Mexico two
out of three said nope
so Klobuchar and Steyr
both said nope who is it that people
judge had the answer but as soon as you
said the answer he asked if he was right
now if you say the answer and then you
immediately ask if you're correct
I think that's 0 for 3 you know a good
guess I'm not sure how much credit we
should give that but here's what's funny
about it did any of you know the
president of
Mexico anybody how many of you could
have mentioned you know named the
President of Mexico I couldn't have
gotten close no idea in fact it was I
felt like it was the first time I'd ever
heard it when they they gave the answer
to the you know to the Democrats but of
course I have heard it it's just
forgettable and I'm thinking to myself
alright is this telling us anything
about the candidates probably not really
you know we love to do these little
gotcha questions
do you remember was it Bush senior who
was asked about the the cost of a loaf
of bread or something like that he
didn't know and people said oh you don't
know what a price of some bread is I
forget who it was who was asked and
uh-huh and I thought to myself do I
really care if my president knows the
cost of a price of bread or the price of
bread
oh I don't care I don't care at all but
I'll take it one level further I
remember
if I were saying this about Trump you
would all jump on me and you'd say you
would all say you're saying this because
you'll support Trump no matter when he
does but I'm only talking about the
Democrats do I care that they can't name
the President of Mexico nope I don't
even care a little bit I don't care that
one got it and two missed it
absolutely means nothing do you know
what I did all right think about that if
we don't know the President of Mexico I
think that's his fault
are you with me do you know why we know
the name of President Trump because
President Trump made us know his name do
you know why I know Peter Budaj edges
name because Peabody Judge made me know
his name do you know why I don't know
the President of Mexico well he's not
doing much if I don't even know his name
you know I can I can name the Prime
Minister of Canada I think it's still
black face Trudeau right but if the
President of Mexico is not known to
three of the top candidates for
president in the United States I'm not
sure that's entirely their fault sounds
a little like the President of Mexico
Teesta you know maybe step it up a
little bit make yourself visible will
you Trudeau can do it why can't you
alright so that's one of those campaign
stories that we like to think means
something doesn't mean anything
absolutely nothing here's my question
for you almost every day I see some
sceptical type person talking about the
corona virus and they like to do this
Scott Scott Scott a regular flu an
ordinary flu is gonna kill has already
killed more people this year Scott Scott
Scott let's put this in context and
ordinary flu also spreads and also kills
a lot of people so don't get your you
know get yourself all worked up about
this corona virus because less compared
to ordinary viruses which are even worse
and we don't get too worked up about
those right okay let me ask you this if
the corona virus is just like those
other viruses why is nobody treating it
that way
why is China
not treating it like an ordinary virus
why is the United States not treating it
like an ordinary virus now I've said
before that if we had an ordinary virus
that we can isolate it to one country of
origin well maybe we would treat it the
same way because we'd say well if that
ordinary virus gets out it's gonna kill
thousands of Americans it always does so
if we could isolate any other virus we
probably would have
but for whatever reasons we don't so
this one had a known source so maybe it
made more sense just to try and get a
control of this one well I don't see
ordinary things happening am i right for
all the people who keep comparing it to
the ordinary flue you're still gonna
have to explain why the people who know
the most about it are not treating it
like an ordinary flue is it just a
mistake on their part are they simply
responding to public pressure it doesn't
feel that way it feels like the people
who really know what they're doing think
this is worse and I'm judging based not
on reading their minds but rather on the
fact that they're acting in a way that's
not typical of something that's a normal
virus normal flu so I'd say we need to
worry about that and everything about
this viruses is unknown at this point I
feel like everything we think we know
about it doesn't count all right
somebody's saying it's because of a lack
of vac of lack of of shot so there's no
vaccination for this corona virus I
don't think that's the reason we're
treating it differently because those
shots are not terribly or that I'm not
as effective as we want them to be and
not everybody gets them so it's not that
big a difference all right let's talk
about here's the biggest story in my
opinion which I've not seen anybody say
the way I'm gonna say it so I think it's
one of the biggest stories that's
happening but until somebody batches it
up so you can see it as a trend you
don't notice it so that's what I'm gonna
do for you I would say that there are
four Democrats who I would describe as
anti-trump who are sort of like the
canary in the coal mine now the canary
in the coal mine if you're not familiar
with that the old days coal miners would
take a canary in a cage at the coal
mines and if the canary died then the
coal miners would get out of the get out
of the
the tunnel as quickly as possible
because it meant that the air was going
bad because the Canaria would die first
before a human would even notice the
difference so it was an early warning
sign and the Canaries in the coal mine
here here are my picks these are the
left-leaning
anti-trump sort of people who would be
the first ones to say oh I think we're
doing this wrong
one is the Smerconish on CNN the other
is Bill Maher and then I would say
Fareed Zakaria and Van Jones so those
are my four Democrat Canaries of the
coal mine and here's what's special
about their thinking and the statements
that they're making recently do you
remember when Trump was first running of
course you do
do you remember what people were saying
about why he won or even why he got
nominated do you remember the main
reason that people gave the primary
reason that people gave for why he did
so well is that Republicans are racist
you remember that right that was the
whole explanation well everything he's
doing is random and crazy and stupid
he's me might be insane but at the very
least he's just a reality TV star so
none of the stuff that Trump is doing
could possibly explain why his results
are so good because the stuff he's doing
is random is stupid so let's look for a
reason
ah we found it he's a racist he's
sending magic secret racist dog whistles
the only other racist can hear who
incidentally they're all Democrats but
they don't seem to notice that but
they're sure that the Republicans who
are also totally racist are hearing it
and that must be the secret explanation
for why he's doing better than all the
smart people who are Democrats could
have possibly imagined yes they took
some they took some I guess they took
some responsibility
the Democrats did for not seeing how
racist the Republicans really were it
was much worse than they imagined so
they took some responsibility for not
knowing completely how bad the
Republicans were that they would vote in
this guy that was 2015 and 2016 there
was a little bit 2017 actually a lot
2017 it was very much 2018 it wasn't as
much 2019 and it's starting to disappear
in 2020 and do you know what replaced it
according to and in here I don't want to
put too much words into other people's
males but I'll make a claim that there's
a pattern emerging there seems to be a
departure from the only reason he won is
because Republicans are giant racists
and the new position seems to be wait
for it are you ready the new position
seems to be that he's very skilled huh
did you see that coming
I'm not sure I could have predicted that
but I was just watching last week's not
the one that just taped but the week
before Bill Maher and he was trying to
convince the the Democrats who were on
the show Gilliam and Ezra Clyde that
they they missed the story basically and
this story is oh my god
the stuff Trump does has a reason and it
works it's good technique and I don't
think they were forced into seeing that
what Trump does works and it's good
technique I don't think they were forced
into that position until they could
really imagine which of these Democratic
candidates would be on the stage and
next to Trump you're sort of forced at
this point to put a specific person
there and then you imagine Trump
standing next to that specific person a
lot of the conversation of course
Bloomberg so he's the one you put in
there in your imagination sometimes
birdie and you say to yourself Houston
we've got a problem because Bloomberg is
just gonna disappear next to trump and
you can see people that you can see the
gear starting to work and again it's
with the the smarter more flexible
minded Democrats who are starting to
realize and I'll put this in my own
words they're starting to realize what
if the problem is us you did not see
that in 2016 you didn't see it in 2017
didn't see much of it in 2018 I don't
think you saw it in 2019 but in 2020
some of the just I would say just most
mentally gifted members of the Democrat
Party are starting to say out loud some
version of you know let's not rule out
the possibility that the problem is us
maybe that's why we're now gonna win
maybe that's why we didn't win last
night because we weren't listening to
the people and we weren't giving a kind
of campaign that can work now it seems
that the Democrats have understand that
voters are not rational and have started
to say that out loud
Ezra Klein was saying that etc and then
Fareed Zakaria very much a Anti trooper
was saying on also on Maher show we're
saying the birdie and the socialist
parts of the candidates we're looking to
give to open the borders and also offer
free health care now normally that's
something that you only hear from
Republicans right I can't think of even
one the anti-trump er I've ever heard
say you know if they offer these two
things open borders and free health care
to
who's gonna vote for that that's
actually what Farid said he said who's
gonna vote for open borders and free
health care for the people coming into
her not in this country
and he's right who in the world is gonna
vote for that now of course some people
will vote for it because it's their team
but it's not a winning formula which i
think is his point so if you look at the
things that you see coming from you know
Van Jones Fareed Zakaria Bill Maher
Smerconish they all seemed and I was
just watching the Spartacus Prakash's
showed this morning and by the way
Smerconish on CNN is consistently the
guy who was willing to look at both
sides so he's been doing that all along
but you can see now that there's a
dawning realization so on Smerconish
this morning he had at a debate expert
on and he asked the debate expert who
was a real expert I think he was like
one of the best debate coaches in the
country or something he wondered award
so he really knew what he was talking
about so they asked him to watch for the
first time is it turns out he'd never
seen a debate by Bloomberg either of I
and he commented on it and how do you
think the debate expert thought the
matchup would be between Bloomberg and
Trump and the answer is Bloomberg
disappears he just disappears and he's a
little too factual a little too dry
doesn't vary his voice you know the
debate coach had specific reasons but
basically the the old thinking that the
way Trump got there was either because
of racism or the other big theory I'll
call it to say I'm Harris theory is the
Chauncey Gardiner theory that it was
literally just luck that the Trump
brought no skilled to bear he just was
in the right place at the right time and
he was a crazy ol cloud and all the
variables in the world lined up how can
it ever happen again
you know it's pure luck that you know
Clinton didn't you know she didn't
campaign where she should have blah blah
blah does the luck hypothesis stand
anymore well it never stood up for me of
course that most of you I would imagine
but now you can see again the smartest
people who were anti troopers are seem
to be firmly on the side that whatever
Trump has been doing and continues to do
is good technique they have finally
understood what I wrote in Wynn Begley
you know a year and a half ago that this
is technique it's not luck it's
technique and they're also looking to
borrow it because they recognize it's
good technique all right and watching
Bill Maher be frustrated and his own
team for not being able to understand
what's going on here is really good
entertainment I got to tell you if
you're not watching a Real Time with
Bill Maher you should really watch it
between now and the election at least
because he has finally figured out just
what kind of trouble they're in and why
and and he's I I think Maher is actually
pretty much on the right on the right
trail and watching him try to convince
his his teammates who were still in
their little tedious bubble is really
good entertainment that's fun to watch
all right um I watched Gilliam who lost
and his campaign to be governor of
Florida that's why you've heard the name
before he was responding to Bill Maher
who's who's saying that Trump was
essentially he was saying that Trump was
smart because at the State of the Union
he Maher said it was obvious that Trump
was crafting the entire State of the
Union to improve the votes he was
getting from the African American
community and here's the here's the
funny thing
Bill Maher did not mock that he did not
mock the fact that Trump's approach was
just completely over the top and
obviously a bid to get the
african-american vote why did he not
mock it
because it was a good good try it was a
good technique now it is his mind it was
a little you know too obvious I guess
that was one but that's such a minor
criticism if you were african-american
and you were watching the speech you saw
a whole bunch of people who look like
you who were the stars of the show and I
would think that would have an effect on
how you thought about the whole
situation so they're really watching
Trump knock it out of the park they're
watching him make probably the most
credible play for the black vote that
any Republicans ever made because he's
got some real accomplishments and and
he's asking for their vote I mean
essentially by by putting so much focus
on that at one area but here's the thing
that Gilliam said about that so he
dismissed
Trump's attempt to put more of a focus
on the black voters and he said it was
like saying that you have a black friend
and somebody's asking me do I need to
blow my nose if you're new here I've got
a little medical problem with my sinuses
that won't be helped by blowing my nose
exactly but I'm gonna have some surgery
and clear that up in the coming weeks
anyway
well Gilliam said is it's like having a
black friend and he was being dismissive
of the president making an obvious
attempt to appeal to black voters and I
thought to myself that is just
strategically the dumbest thing that the
black community has ever done let me let
me say it as clearly as possible the
black community here's the dumbest thing
that you have collectively ever done it
goes like this it's this this one black
friend think I've said this before but
it just makes me so angry to it - best
to see bad strategy when I see people
shooting themselves in the foot I just
want to like grab the gun away it's like
stop shooting yourself in the foot
please you know what you got enough
problems it goes like this
you should never penalize people for
moving in
right direction it'll give you a story
to make the point now analogies of
course are not persuasive but they are
good for explaining a point so I'm going
to use this analogy to explain a point
years ago many years ago in a past
relationship when I was much younger my
romantic other would say to me you know
I would be great
you know she liked receiving flowers and
she'd mentioned that it would be even
more meaningful if it were not a holiday
I thought well that sounds pretty
reasonable you like getting flowers and
you like it when it's not you know some
required Valentine's Day or holiday
because that it'll just looks like
you're you don't really care you're just
doing what you're supposed to do because
it's holiday so I thought well that's
pretty clear I know exactly what to do
so I would I would sort of randomly buy
flowers and just give her some roses and
what do you think she would say instead
of saying oh my god I love these you
know you're the greatest thank you for
doing this exactly the way I wanted you
to do it it wasn't a holiday you know
you just showed that you cared you got
some flowers did I get that no I did not
she said what are you guilty for what
have you done that's right
she asked me what I was guilty for
because it was sort of a joke now she
said it as sort of a joke but it was
also the first thing she said that what
do you think the effect on me was now I
got that it was a joke so I'm like I
wish she hadn't told that joke but yeah
it's just a joke so time goes by and I
give her flowers again a different time
what's the first thing she said oh what
are you guilty of what did you do and I
said I'm really and by the way I wasn't
guilty of anything I was just giving her
flowers and I said I you know it's just
the worst I really do I swear to god I'm
just giving you flowers you lie
flowers you told me you like flowers you
told me you like it when it's not a
holiday I just did it twice and you just
you know you just said what are you
guilty for like almost starting a fight
what's going on and of course she would
say it's a joke the third time I gave
her flowers she looked at me and said Oh
what are you guilty for that was the
last time I ever gave her flowers now if
you asked her she would say I was joking
he knew I was joke the joking we always
joke what's different about this we joke
about everything why would this be
different and the reason is I didn't get
a benefit I was doing something that
took some effort and I was being
punished for it Ellis I suppose you were
one of those people who did say oh I'm
not a racist because you know I have a
best friend who's black how should you
treat that if you were a black person
who hears that should you say oh I get
it you have one black friend huh you
have one black friend should you mock
somebody for making a small step in the
right direction and the answer is no
it's the dumbest thing anybody ever did
so if you're black and you're watching
this don't ever do that here's the
correct here's the correct response if
if one of your white associates says
yeah I'm not a racist I've you know my
best friend is black here's the correct
response that's great to hear
if you want the world to be a better
place the correct response is you've got
a black friend that's great I hope you
have two two black friends sometime soon
in fact I'll be your friend how about we
be friends then you have to I'll double
the number of your black friends think
about that answer compared to getting
mock for doing the right thing I'll be
it in a small way having one black
friend isn't certainly doesn't absolve
you of racism it doesn't it doesn't mean
much but if you don't reward people for
moving one step in the right
direction don't expect a second step
don't expect a second step you're not
gonna get it so to stop penalizing
people for doing the right thing that
doesn't work all right that's enough on
that so this is what President Trump
said recently in a tweet this was over a
day ago I guess he said many Mike
Bloomberg is a loser who has money but
can't debate does zero presence you will
see that the debate expert on Smerconish
actually agreed with that and he said
that and that Bloomberg doesn't have
much presence and then he said he
reminds me of a tiny version of Jeb
low-energy push I don't know what could
be funnier like calling him a tiny
version of Jeb Bush that is frankly
hilarious and by the way the on
Smerconish also they talked about how
making fun of Bloomberg's height might
not be a bad idea because biologically
were we're sort of primed for size being
important you shouldn't be important
there's no reason the president needs to
be a certain size we shouldn't care
about that at all but on some
subconscious level we do so even that
technique has been now recognized as
just solid tag-me blow the law okay what
else we got here have you noticed that
one of the unintended effects of
Bloomberg entering the race is that he
makes a steyr look for yeah you've got
steyr whose primary claim to fame is
that you can go toe to toe with
President Trump on the economy cuz cuz
Tyra would say well he understands the
economy he became rich he can really
speak to that against Trump that
blue-ber against his race and mixed ire
and look like a loser
I mean what's what's tire got three
billion dollars or something I don't
know what the number is 1 billion three
billion blue burgers got like 70
billion dollars so Stiers only advantage
that he hasn't used a successful
business person he doesn't look so
successful when you put him next to
Bloomberg he just looks like some hedge
fund guy who was in the right place at
the right time let's say oh and then
also this was a legal expert on this was
also Smerconish but the legal expert was
agreeing those stones Roger stone
sentence was too long I'm watching the
news today and all I'm saying is people
agree with everything that Trump has
said or Republicans have said or or
Trump supporters have been saying and
it's really it's really weird to watch
people agree on this it probably didn't
hurt the oven Adi got convicted it looks
like he's gonna go to jail for a very
long time I think that all the people
were praising of and nodding and using
him on their shows well maybe they've I
think they got a little bit of humility
they may never admit it but I'm noticing
a very distinct turn because it would be
hard to notice all of these pieces of
information you know to see that Rush
occlusion was fake to watch the
president go full-on tried to get the
black vote in the context that most
people think he's still a racist and
they're trying to figure out wait a
minute wait a minute doesn't make sense
if he's a racist he should not be trying
to get the black vote and he should be
trying to tighten up the border but he's
only tightening up the border while he's
trying hard to get the black vote and as
I actually accomplished real things that
matter to that community how does that
make sense
and they're just starting to figure out
that maybe the border stuff is actually
about America first and guess who's in
America African Americans Republicans
prioritize black voters higher than
Democrats do there's no way around that
anymore no reasonable person could say
anymore
you know based on this year no
reasonable person could make the claim I
don't think that Democrats prioritize
black voters of this country black
citizens higher than Republicans I don't
even think it's close anymore right
because Italy the Democratic Party they
probably put you know well I don't know
they've got a lot of identities over
there so I'm not sure who is first but
it's definitely not the black community
I would say it would be more likely the
immigrant community so I would say the
Democrats are clearly putting a higher
priority on non-citizens and if you're
an african-american you're a citizen
what what do Republicans who are America
first where do they rank citizens top
number one right so if you're black and
you're American you're a citizen
Republicans rank you at the top with
themselves right they put you in the
same category as themselves and say wait
you're American of American we follow
the Constitution we're the top top
priority come on over here you and I top
priority
how in the world do you vote for the
other side when one side is giving you a
record of accomplishment and says
explicitly I mean it's it's it's built
into the whole belief system the
Constitution is built into the Bible
that we're all equal under the law and
under God according to people who
believe that stuff now I'm Pro religion
I'm just not a believer myself I just I
just I I can't fathom how you could be a
black voter and still support Democrats
in 2020 I think you made sense in the
past but if you looked at the current
situation it's not even close who
prioritizes you higher it's not even
close all right I'm gonna take some
calls
I like hear from anybody
I've done this before it it's fun
because it's educational I want to talk
to people who I've changed their mind
about anything it doesn't have to be
politics doesn't have to be about Trump
it doesn't have to be about anything
really but I want to hear from people
whose minds were changed by one of my
books for periscopes or a tweet or
something so that's primarily what I'm
looking for so you should be able to
join by clicking on that little icon at
the bottom that looks like happy faces
and since I didn't tell people why I
wanted to talk some of you who already
signed up I see already disappearing but
I'm gonna look for somebody who's let's
see if Mike is following directions Mike
can you hear me
Mike did I influence you in any way
definitely in 2016
originally I was a big fan of your comic
strip and the whole story about you you
know changing careers so I always look
bad in yours I used to be I had a Bernie
sign on my front lawn and I was I don't
know I was really into the whole being a
Democrat and then in 2016 you influenced
me to have become an independent and
confirmation bias you know but good
so change can you remember was there any
moment when you said to yourself oh I
think I'm gonna change my mind it was
there any topic do you remember anything
specific or was a sort of the weight of
of things well it was um
you know getting on Twitter and at first
I was the typical troll you know had an
anonymous account you know and you miss
me they may be not be anonymous and then
um it was kind of seeing some of the
news reports about Bernie
it started with Bernie like they say oh
they're throwing chairs at the
convention and then I see the video
there wasn't no chair and then you're
talking about cognitive dissidence and
it kind of taping with me when like my
dad who is a lifelong Democrat with
comical he's got to listen to this guy
his name is Keith Olbermann he speak you
love you like so all the people around
me that I kind of listened to before
were very much staunch Democrats and
then for me it was like wait a minute in
the news reports that aren't quite right
this guy's talking about confirmation
bias he's talking about cognitive
dissonance and then I realized I had all
that and then I kind of you know that's
it for me I kind of realized that this
guy's not as uh you know that's that's
great so thank you for that I'm gonna
see if I get some more stories here but
thank you so much weighing it I see who
else we got here oh we got lots of lots
people weighing in let's go with
Patricia Patricia can you hear me
Patricia Patricia can you hear me
Patricia yeah oh hi
did I influence you in any way Patricia
speak up a little bit you're a little
bit low okay can you tell me how you
feel a little audio problems for tchen
Utley I'm gonna have to try somebody
else cuz we don't have a good connection
there but I wanted to hear the rest of
that let's go to Lorenzo Lorenzo see if
our technology works here Lorenzo is
gone I'm not sure if people get shy just
when I select them or what's going on
here but I think Michaels sweet is
coming at Jeff Michael can you hear me
unfortunately I can't hear you you're
just a little buzz in the background so
I'm gonna have to try somebody who's got
a better connection I could hear you but
I wouldn't I wouldn't be able to tell
the actual words
let's try Jeremy Jeremy can you hear me
hey Jeremy if I influenced you in any
way to change your mind about anything
Oh everything three years I think
yourself when the election was going on
and and yeah like your it was a video on
YouTube the how Trump is a master
persuader
and okay watch that and it was it
totally changed everything because at
the time it was like Trump was like
crazy to me it was like a Democrat I was
like you know a Bernie guy was a big
bernie guy and and then during the
election it was all changing I was
seeing like all the fake news and and
now my girlfriend is a Bernie person and
it's gonna be a WoW dear well you're
you're gonna have to have some dates
where all you do is listen to my videos
alright well thanks for the call I'm
gonna go talk to some more people I
don't know if the audio is good on your
side I can barely hear in my headset but
I don't know if that's just something
that's happening to me let's look at
chase chase chase can you hear me hi did
did I influence you in a new way chase
are you sure did like 2015 too early
2016 and did it change your vote it did
not
I'm usually vote Republican although I
had a past couple elections but it has
changed my mind about how to think about
things
all right so I just lost sound on new
but I I think some people can hear but
thank you for that and I don't mean to
be rude if I office just because I'm
having problems to say linear you or
anything
[Music]
thank you thank you for the input I'm
having much audio problems I'll get it
move on to another caller I'm seeing in
the comments the I think you guys can
hear the audio better than I can
let's see mr. Mendoza mr. Mendoza aye
yes about voting well to me like every
day driving you've influenced me in a
way that's different and that's where
people get anxious when they drive and I
like I you've taught like that people
act selfishly and that's one way that
I've learned to not get affected by the
way other people drive and then I notice
when people get into an accident about
85% that people think they're good
drivers and that's when cognitive
dissonance kicks in people say that's
not my fault even though they caused the
accident yes I think it's pretty rare to
hear anybody say that they're a below
below average driver you never hear that
do you know you don't
confirmation bias I Drive a Prius so
people pickup trucks try to always zoom
by me so no that's confirmation bias
kicks in there's no way a Prius can
drive faster than a pickup truck
someone's getting cut off left and right
oh that does sound like a problem all
right thank you
thanks for you but sure let's take
another here this is more fun than I
thought it would be all right let's see
if Maximillian can hear me maximilian
max max is gone that didn't work
i'll stay with me we're going to Jake
Jake Jake Jake it hear me I can hear you
did I influence you or change your mind
at all yes so yesterday I so I was
having a little bit of a predicament
where I'm generally a pretty optimistic
person but my roommate has been
spiraling down this sort of
self-deprecating and negative rabbit
hole and I've been trying to think like
you know what I don't want this to
influence me you know so I'm gonna
distance myself but I heard you're a
periscope where you said you're either
programmed or you program so I thought
you know it's it if I don't want this to
influence me I have to make it my
responsibility to influence my roommate
so that kind of like changed my whole
perspective where I used to kind of like
guard my psychology to make sure that
negative people didn't influence me or
outlook so that's a yeah it's a huge
change what watch how how much more
effective that gets over time totally so
you're gonna you're gonna see that that
just gets stronger and stronger as a
concept I'm glad that that that you
respond to that thanks for the call
no problem all right let's see who else
we got we've got lots of people coming
out here all right let's try Lorenzo
Lorenza Lorenzo
Lorenzo's technology seems inadequate so
Lorenzo two failures on that one all
right let's try Alex Alex can you hear
me Alex Alex all right well I guess the
technology is not going to give us what
Alex can hear you Alex all right well
it's no fun for you to see here and
wonder why you can't hear anything so I
think I'll end it here and oh you hear
still here
apparently not all right sorry about
that
and I will talk to you all tomorrow