bum bum ba boom ba ba ba bababa ba hey
everybody come on in here because it's
time for a coffee with Scott Adams it's
like I'm an auctioneer and now I'm
talking like an auctioneer for no reason
I just started talking this way and I
don't know why sold to you for $10 yes
you know what time it is
it's the best time I've been hearing
from people that they're using this time
for their exercise I call that a good
system the way the system works is that
you make sure you've got this recorded
or your your doing your exercise live
I'm talking to you all of you people who
are exercising right now good job you've
got a good system you're rewarding
yourself with the excellent
entertainment value that is this
periscope or YouTube depending on
whether you're listening to it and
that's a good system because you can
train yourself like a dog train yourself
like a dog to get a treat when you do
the right stuff and those of you who
read my book hadn't failed almost
everything and still win big or if you
heard me talking about it on periscope
you know but if you give yourself a
little downtime after you exercise maybe
have a protein shake if you like that
sort of thing
cup of coffee or whatever maybe if you
listen to something you really enjoy
whether it be music or podcasts or
whatever you can turn your exercise into
a wonderful thing this is right Pablo
and a lot of people are discovering that
right now now I think you need the
simultaneous up those of you exercising
may need to take a sip of your water
bottles but it's all the same it's all
wonderful and how do you do the
simultaneous if that's why you're asking
it's easy all you need is a cover of
Margaret lasses Dinah tell us a tankard
could be a thermos maybe it lasts
possibly a canteen if you are serving
your country or camping I suppose could
be a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that don't
the end of the day the cycle Davey is up
here he goes oh so good alright my
favorite laugh of the day came from a
Jack pasaba could tweet and of course
you have to be following the news to
understand the reference but if he do
know the reference this was pretty funny
so Jack said Jack Passat Mike said this
morning in a tweet good morning to
everyone except people who spread race
hoaxes justify abusing supermarket
Express Lanes it probably reads better
when you're reading it that it does when
you hear down loud the humor works like
that
there there's some things that are funny
when they're said out loud and there's
some things that are funny when you read
them some of it has to do with timing
because you can read faster than you can
listen you know people talk slower than
you could read I think this one is
funnier when you read it because it
catches you off-guard anyway the story
evolve you also you've all seen the
story by now right there was an
african-american or there is an
african-american lawmaker in Georgia in
other words a state politician who
claims that a person behind her in line
was a trump supporter a white guy and
told her to go back where she came from
or something worse to that effect so she
was giving a press press conference on
this topic and the alleged white Trump
supporter showed up and Boop's he is not
a trump supporter he's a Democrat anti
Trump ER and he's Cuban so he doesn't
refer to himself as white either and he
never said the things or anything like
it
that the Georgia lawmaker accused him of
what he did do
however I would call not exactly polite
behavior either so his story is that the
Georgia law
maker what took 15 items or so into the
line there was the Express line of the
supermarket of 10 items or less now he
claimed that the that there were two
other lines open with no lines and yet
he stood behind her in line while there
are two other lines were nobody there he
stood behind her anyway and then after
he stood in line for the incredible
inconvenience of five extra items being
scanned while he had to wait he left the
store thought about it got so mad he
wanted to come back in the store and
berate the woman for rudely bringing
fifteen items into the line they should
have been ten or more so somebody's
saying she had at least twenty items
okay
maybe he had that he had to wait this
much longer beep beep beep beep beep are
you happy are we all on the same page
now he had to wait a terribly long time
for all of that scanning so was she
wrong to be in that line well probably
have I ever been in that line
accidentally with too many items yeah
yeah I've been in that line with too
many items have I ever done it
intentionally no I've never done it
intentionally but I've been in that line
with too many items it's happened and
what did they do they scared you anyway
because it's too hard to send you to
another line and why would they right
but here's the thing the guy who
complained about her said there were two
lines that he could use with nobody
waiting
why was he complaining when they were to
open Oh check out things either one of
them could have used them I mean I get
it this you slightly broke a law not a
law but a rule slightly yeah it wasn't
exactly the crime of the century and
certainly not one that I'm going to come
back and complain about so here's my
final judgment on this
there are no winners it's just a
terrible sad state of affairs for this
country but my ruling is this is a tape
it's a taint I probably need to explain
that my ruling on the supermarket
situation is taint and by that I mean
that one of the participants was an
 and the other one was a dick and
since it was sort of a tie between the
 and the dick I'm gonna call it a
taint
that's my judgment all right let's talk
about a study that I would not take as
necessarily the most reliable study of
all time but there is evidence from a
study that that racism specifically
anti-black prejudice has sharply
declined under the trump administration
and that there were not sharp declines
under the Obama administration sort of
the opposite of what some people
imagined would happen what do you think
about that well it matches it matches my
expectations it matches my observation
as well you've heard me say publicly a
number of times that my guess is that if
you turned off the television and you
didn't watch what all the Talking Heads
were saying you just lived your life you
would say to yourself huh I've been
living my life not watching TV and it
seems to me the racism is just less
every year and that these past few years
are no exceptions
there's just less of it everywhere
that's what I see that's my actual
observation but you can't you can't
trust the you know single person's
observation and so now we have at least
one survey to suggest that racism
sharply declined after Trump why is that
why is that well well they were first of
all keep in mind they were asking mostly
white people what they thought about
black people
they weren't asking about racism in
every direction in every way I would
guess the racism of black people against
white people is properly sharply up
wouldn't you now I understand the
political correctness of what I just
said is out of whack meaning that
there's a popular feeling that you
cannot be a racist if you're a black
person you can't be a racist against
white people in the United States that
doesn't work by definition I get the
argument you don't need to correct me on
it but I'm gonna say that as long as
there's a bad feeling of any ethnicity
against another what you want to call it
is fine with me
I'm gonna call it racism but you can
call it something else and I'm not going
to argue with you about it it's just our
personal use of words and I would
imagine that there's a completely
obvious reason when there's a
african-american president white people
probably feel a little bit of threatened
and maybe you react as such when you
replace that african-american president
with a president Trump it wouldn't
surprise me if white voters say okay
well things are in their view not
looking like there's any problem now
like it feels like they're back to
normal in some way whatever they think
normal is and so they worry less and it
might just ramp down their bad feelings
so I would not be surprised that you
would see this pattern every time you
had the presidency change some G either
change gender or race I would for
example imagine that if a woman becomes
president let's say after Trump I would
imagine that misogyny or you might
expect more misogyny not less because
men would feel somehow put-upon because
there was a woman in office not all men
of course but you know enough to to
maybe see it in the survey so while I
believe that racism is declining if
you define it as how white people are
thinking about black people that
probably has to do with just the
ethnicity of the presidency and probably
you're seeing the roles reversed there's
probably a little more bad feeling from
blacks against whites and ironically
substantially if this survey is correct
a substantially improved feeling about
what how white people feel about black
people now why would that be true well
here are a few reasons what if and I'm
just gonna put this out here
what if Trump supporters believe what
Trump says I'm just gonna put that out
there what if people who support Trump
believe him when he says essentially I
love everybody in this country
I love African Americans I love you know
Hispanics I love women I love everybody
what if Trump supporters actually buy it
and they say oh our leader loves
everybody who's in this country but he's
telling us that our threat if you will
is people who are not legal citizens so
we accept that that the that the issue
here is immigration it's not ethnicity
the most common thing you will hear from
Trump supporters is our president says
it's not about race and we believe him
what if Trump supporters believe what he
says because remember the folks on the
Left the anti Trump errs were already
non racist in their view and probably
would answer surveys in a way that would
suggest they are non racist so they're
not really part of whatever the changes
whatever change happened almost
certainly was within Trump supporters
because they're the ones you imagine
could have been the grouped as the most
racist as a percentage and still a small
percentage but Mia they might have the
most so that's my take on this
so I think we're in the best place we've
ever been as a country in terms of race
and getting along and gender in every
way in every single way I think in the
real world things got better I really
think so and you wouldn't know that from
reading the headlines all right let's
talk about Iran I've been telling you
I've said this before and I said it
about North Korea that being on the
brink of war looks exactly like being on
the brink of peace and there's a reason
for that they should look exactly the
same because whether you're getting
ready to go for go to war or you're
simply ramping up your negotiating
leverage by looking tougher and doing
provocative things that you can later
give up you should those two things
should look very similar brink of war
looks like bring to peace and you saw
that North Korea the fire and fury stuff
happened right before we started talking
and I've said that the small
provocations that we're seeing in the
Gulf look far more like they're setting
the table for negotiating meaning that
they're creating a problem that they're
saying hey if you negotiate with us and
we get some stuff we want we Iran might
be able to you know give up on this
problem cause so they've created an
asset to give up but here's an
interesting story that says that
apparently New York Times was
interviewing former iranian President
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and this is why I'm
a dinner judge said and this is new you
just recently said this he said mr.
Trump is a man of action it's not an
insult right that's a compliment he's a
man of action where's this going and
then I'm gonna do Chad I'm a dating a
jawed said in the lengthy telephone
interview with The New York Times quote
he is a businessman and therefore he was
capable of calculating
benefits and making a decision keywords
are I'm gonna get back to that we say to
him let's calculate the long-term cost
benefit of our two nations and not be
short-sighted who does he sound like
who's the person will say a person in
the public realm who Ahmadinejad sounds
most like I'm looking here your your
comments yeah me now some of you are
saying Trump and some of you are saying
me and it's the same answer same answer
right what I like about Trump and I say
it all the time is he has a uniquely I'd
say gifted ability to assess the risk
management situation the reason he's
president when everybody else thought he
would be self-immolating one time after
another it's like oh that tweet will
kill you well okay that worked out oh
don't do that policy that's good okay
that worked out
don't say that thing in public okay that
worked out too how many times do you
need to see the president do exactly
what all the experts say he should not
do and it works out he can see a risk
management situation I call it free
money yeah if he sees free money sitting
on the table he says hey is that some
free money there anybody want this
nobody nobody okay I'll take it
so he's so good at risk management that
he can pick up free money
that other people thought was expensive
it was free and when you hear
Ahmadinejad talk in completely non
religious terms there's no religion in
these statements none he's talking about
cost-benefit analysis he's talking about
Trump being a man of action he's
complimenting the president's
cost-benefit analysis and he's saying
that they should do the long term cost
benefit of our two nations and not be
short sighted now of course you have to
be careful is Ahmadinejad still in the
inner circle you know when he talks can
you say well that probably represents a
lot of opinions in Iran don't know don't
know it's hard to tell from here
but given that he's an ex-president and
that he said this to the New York Times
apparently without a fear
if Ahmadinejad had said something to the
New York Times this public and and he
thought the Ayatollah would disagree
with it that would be pretty risky right
and given that Ahmadinejad is literally
talking about risk management I don't
really think that he's got bad risk
management himself in other words he
probably wouldn't be saying this in
public if he thought the Ayatollah was
gonna slap him down for it so he may not
have permission per se but I would guess
that in his own calculation it's at
least compatible enough or close enough
to compatible with what the Ayatollah is
thinking that he's not going to go to
prison for it you know there's not going
to be a penalty this is the kind of talk
you hear from this kind of leader in
other words somebody who's not currently
in control by has some moral authority
in terms of the the country's culture
and opinion hearing him talk in these
terms
cost-benefit risk management businessman
man of action that's everything you want
that is a hundred percent of where you
want their heads to be it's also a 100
percent where I want our heads to be
that's the middle ground the middle
ground is risk management
that's the non-religious middle ground
if we keep talking about who should be
in Israel and you know whose God is
right and blah blah blah you can't
really get there because we have such
and opinions on the you know the
philosophical stuff but I'm a dinner
jawed is saying pretty clearly let's
just take you that into that
conversation let's have a conversation
about costs benefits if you're having
that conversation you're heading toward
peace
the real kind not not the crazy kind not
the temporary kind but the real kind and
when I hear somebody as prominent as I'm
a dinner shot even though he's out of
office I say something so clear and so
productive and so sort of different than
what we've been hearing up to this point
here more provocative stuff a hundred
percent of what we're seeing out of Iran
tells me that they want peace and they
really want it and we know we want it so
you have two countries that want the
same thing now I remember what I told
you that we were thinking small when
we're talking about how to solve our
immediate problems like our immediate
problem is something like maybe we could
get inspections on the nuclear program
that's thinking small that's a that's a
goal way of thinking the big picture the
system is that you create a long term
strategy to become allies it is thinking
too small to simply avoid war Iran is a
very capable country and it's filled
with people who are somewhat poised to
like America even though the leadership
is obviously very anti America at the
population the urban population the
young people it's a very young country
and the young people are lean in our
direction a lot of them you know that I
would say I think the majority are
leaving Western so it is small thinking
to say how do we avoid nuclear war it's
a good thing to avoid of course but in
terms of how to how to frame the
conversation
Ahmadinejad just did it for you
Ahmadinejad just framed it the right way
the
right frame is a you should be looking
in his own words let's calculate the
long-term cost benefit of our two
nations and not be short-sighted the
long-term benefit is that you try to get
on the same side might be five years
from now could be ten years from now
maybe it's twenty years from now it
could take a long time for the United
States and Iran to see each other as not
just people who stopped fighting but
flat out flat out allies why is that not
the goal why would we ever have a weak
goal let's just not have a nuclear war
too small that is not Trump like
thinking Trump does not think small
he thinks tell me what's the most you
could even imagine and I'm gonna ask for
that I might have to back it up if I
can't get everything I asked for
but why I'm day one what I ask for
something less than the most I could
imagine and the most I can imagine is
that someday Iran in the United States
are solid allies salad a solid allies
like Japan solid allies like Germany you
know the one thing that Iran can see is
that the United States is perfectly
capable of turning the the the most
violent enemies into the best friends
and that when they do that really good
stuff happens really stuff that good
stuff happens so I would say if you read
the tea leaves we are on the brink of
peace I said that about North Korea and
of course we have a long way to go but
we're North Korea as a situation of how
and when and what do we talk about
instead of where are we going to launch
our nuclear weapons I mean that's a
pretty pretty big difference so if we
could get around into the productive
conversation frame and at least some
important leaders are saying let's get
there somebody says what about Yemen I
think that's all part of the
conversation you
I I think you have to talk about all the
proxy wars you have to talk about the
whole thing and you got to you got to
get on the other side of that to have a
real peace alright what else we got
going on here
so Geraldo has been I feel sorry for her
although I really do because he's a in
this just this one way he's obviously
had a tremendous life so I don't feel I
don't feel sorry for him in general
Geraldo's hugely successful and has an
amazing amazing life and he's sort of a
role model for me I must say Geraldo's
kind of a role model for anybody who's
my age or older or have it I would still
kill it you know every day so here's
what Geraldo tweeted so he's dealing
with the fact that the president had
this obnoxious tweet about you know the
squad should go back home and fix
everything before coming back and of
course it was widely interpreted as
being offensive or racist depending on
who you are and a Geraldo being is
Hispanic the right word for Geraldo I
don't know what he self labels but let's
go with that for now
so it's got to be a tough situation he's
a personal friend with the president but
he's got real issues with the way the
president frames things and communicates
in provocative ways so it looks like
he's been thinking about it for a little
bit and he came up with this very
lawyerly way to parse this so this is
her elders quote from I guess in last
day telling a racial or ethnic minority
person to hashtag go back where they
came from may not always be de facto
racists so here are all those
acknowledging that even though the
comment may sound provocative that
doesn't necessarily mean it's coming
from a racist place so it says it may
not always be de facto racist but it is
presumed racist true and as such it is
manifestly obnoxious regardless true
those are all true statements so I agree
completely with what our old
and say which is that you can't tell if
somebody's racist just because they sent
something provocative there's some other
people say it's racist but because you
sort of should've seen it coming
it is manifestly obnoxious you didn't
really need them manifestly part you
could just say it was offensive and so
if I were to simplify his lawyer talk he
uses some bigger words that he needs to
it wasn't necessarily racist but it was
certainly offensive and is that
productive basically I mean the the
essence of the tweet this is my own
interpretation not Geraldo's words but
the essence of it I interpret as how is
this helpful you know it may not have
been the worst thing you think it is it
may not be racist it may just be the way
communicates but how is a health it's
not helpful okay
here's my response i retweeted with the
comment or all domes comment which I
agree with by the way so everything he
said I would say those are good true
useful ways to to look at this but I
asked this I said is quote manifestly
obnoxious a feature or a bug Trump may
the campaign promise to not be
politically correct at least that's what
I heard I I heard essentially Trump say
he wasn't going to do it that looked
like a campaign promise to me
so I said Trump made a campaign promise
did not be politically correct and we
just watched him rebrand the Democratic
Party into absurdity with a few
offensive tweets that cost him nothing
that's that risk management thing again
now when I say it costs him nothing
you're gonna argue with that but I'll
get back to that in a moment and but I
think most people on both sides have now
agreed that the president has branded
the Democrats with the squad's
opinions and that's going to take a long
time for them to figure out how to
navigate that he just screw the entire
competition into turmoil and
just urinated all over the entire bunch
of them and and may have won the
election you know there will never be a
way to know for sure but I would argue
it's possible that with those three
offensive tweets which were as hurled at
Geraldo says manifestly obnoxious true
they were manifestly obnoxious but he
may have actually ended the election
right there because it puts such a stain
on the Democrats that it's gonna make
anybody who is the candidate have to
explain those the squad forever though
you have to agree with them or say they
don't agree with them and both of them
are losing paths so now I also said in
my comment that it cost him nothing
do you agree with that do you agree that
it cost him nothing because you probably
don't right you probably said no no
you're he's just making it worse he is
leading to the racial blah blah blah etc
well here's the calculation do you think
that CNN was going was do you think they
were on the verge of saying he's not a
racist and then and then these tweets
came out and they said wow it's a good
thing we didn't go with our new our new
theory that he was never been a racist
and we've just been lying for three
years we were just going to change our
opinion and say now now we've just been
saying that I swear to god he's not a
racist all that's off oh that wasn't
going to happen
because the competition let's say the
Democrats had been DEFCON 10 from day
one meaning there's no place you can go
from he's already Hillier that's their
starting point their starting point was
he's iller
do you think that there's new tweets
provocative though they are made people
hate him more no
it was literally free money because they
had given given themselves no room to no
room for improvement there was also no
expense if you don't get that you're not
good at risk management what the oh I
have the def cons backwards right DEFCON
one might be the bad one it was whatever
the bad DEFCON is but because the
president's critics were so locked in at
full Hitler it was free had they been
locked in at well he's not full Hitler
but he's 99% as bad a cellar well then
maybe he would have lost one percent
there by giving them something that they
could use his confirmation bias but
given that they were locked in at a
hundred percent no difference it did
however create yet another example of
how when he talks about you know you
should love America he he doesn't really
aim at any specific ethnicity etc oh
you're asking for people all the people
were saying that we lost the sound that
you can't hear me now but if any of you
can hear me you don't want to complain
about the sound on this periscope
all right well you're all complaining
now this will probably work fine and
playback out of youtube so we can listen
to it on YouTube and find out
but yeah you you don't want to complain
about the sound all right if some of you
can hear then that's all I care about
wow I'm thinking about doing let me run
this idea by you at least any of you can
still hear you hear me I'm thinking
about doing a an additional number of of
these podcasts radio podcast anyway I'm
thinking of doing an interview series
where
right where I can just all fly and do an
interview with a split screen and then
all I'll just I'll just run them later
on YouTube I just want to put that out
there if anybody is interested it's kind
of difficult to do a split screen on
periscope you can see that we're having
audio issues here etc but if I do it
offline I can record a really clean
interview and I'm thinking about
starting to do that so I'll have I'll
keep doing these periscopes but then on
top of that I might do some interviews
separately alright there's apparently no
problem with the sound at the moment
that was all I wanted to talk about and
I don't have anything else
so I don't know how much you missed in
my discussion of this but alright one of
you has a really sick sense of humor but
it's still funny how many of you think
that that the sound problem is being
specifically a problem on my end and not
a general problem because I did a quick
check online and periscope was having a
general audio problem that had nothing
to do with me and I assume that they may
still be having a glitch now and then
okay some people want to hear the
interview series so I think I will do
that
I've got some interesting folks lined up
I might I was wondering about let me ask
you this how many of the Democrat
candidates do you think I could get on
my on my interview series because I
think actually the number of viewers
that I get regularly is somewhere in the
50,000 range so for a normal periscope
if I get you know 20-some thousand
watching it when it's live I'll get
another twenty thousand or so
watching it on YouTube and then however
many Washington podcasts I don't have
numbers to that but something like
50,000 people watched my my ordinary
shows here so probably if I have that
Democrat candidate if it were one of the
top 10 or so I could probably get at
least 100,000 people just to tune in I
wonder if that would be enough to get
any of the top Democrats on here so I
might try that we'll see I have a
question for you is there anybody here
who is high up in a title company
company in the United States looking for
somebody who already likes what I do who
is an executive and a major title
company like Chicago title for example
if you are DME or or just connect with
me on LinkedIn because I have a business
question for you not a not a retail
question but a larger business issue so
please contact me if you have anything
like that it has to do with why not
there's some products that would be
great of great interest to a title
company and you would want to know about
it first so I will talk to you later