buh-buh-buh-buh-buh hey Georgeann hey
everybody
Cuffy 20/20 you're always quick good see
you Kevin good morning oh well you know
what time it is
check your wrist oh yeah it's coffee o
clock it's time for coffee it was Scott
Adams and the famous simultaneous cent
world renowned if you have not enjoyed
the simultaneous up
what do you been doing with your life
besides wasting it but we're gonna fix
that right now because you participate
in the simultaneous sip with very little
in the way of preparation all he is a
copper monitor glasses snifter Stein
Calais tanker thermos flask canteen
Grail goblet fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure that dopamine
the end of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous imp go Oh shivers
shiver my Timbers some stuff that's
happened somebody sent me a message and
I cannot verify that this is accurate
but the general concept is accurate so
I'm going to tell you this and just keep
it as a general concept so I'm informed
and pleased fact check this that there
is something called a Bellefonte nuclear
power plant that was supposed to be
built in northern Alabama but they
halted construction some years ago so
they started to build a nuclear power
plant and then they halted construction
and somebody on LinkedIn suggested that
that would be a good place to put a
generation 4 nuclear plant
something like terraPower bill gates's
company that he invests in maybe that
would be a good place for them now in
general a place where a new regular
standard nuclear power plant already
exists or used to exist are the perfect
places to put a generation for more of a
test site you know might take a while to
refine that but I don't see a problem
with finding locations it feels like
it's the most solvable problem in the
world and my understanding is that rick
perry's energy department has actually
done a lot to boost nuclear and to try
to make it easier to get licenses so
they're actually doing a lot behind the
scenes it's it doesn't get a lot of
attention but you might see nuclear
power plants get approved more easily if
there's some success and getting rid of
the red tape alright so there's a
interesting video clip going around this
shows a split screen and it shows some
politicians such as Nancy Pelosi making
some statements relative to the
headlines and then showing that the news
organizations just parrot the language
so that you can see that the Democrats
and at least some news organizations are
working together it's obvious that
they're getting the same memos they have
the same talking points etc now I used
to think well that's that doesn't mean
much it just means that they have the
same opinions and if somebody says
something that's catchy and you have the
same opinion there's somebody who says
something catchy you just started using
that language because somebody agrees
with me and the way the way they worded
that is pretty good so I'll just I'll
use that too that's what I used to think
but now it's getting a little bit more
that it's coordinated meaning that
whether or not there's an actual
conversation about it you can see that
the news organizations adopt the
language of politicians and they ignore
language of less preferred politicians
let me give you an example of how
language the actual words you choose can
change reality all right so here's an
article in reason so a reason go to
reason.com to see them reason is sort of
a libertarian free thinking neither left
nor right or a good place where they're
trying pretty hard to stick to facts and
wreaths so you would expect in a
publication called reason that you would
get as close as you could get to some
kind of an unbiased you know points of
view so there's an article in here now I
guess went in on October 14th by sheikah
Dalmia
and here's what it says Kurds have been
staunch allies in America's struggle
against Isis Kurds have been staunch
allies in America's struggle against
Isis
first of all is that a true statement
yeah that's a true statement the Kurds
have been staunch allies in America's
struggle against Isis so it's completely
true but here's another way you could
say the same thing somebody else on
Twitter said this how come most people
who are of the opinion that somehow the
u.s. adopted the Kurds not just partner
with them for a time against a common
enemy
both statements stick to the facts you
know what is in the question form what
is a statement form but they're
opposites they both
use the same observed facts but they're
pretty close to opposites that's a scary
thing isn't it because the way you word
it can be completely accurate and also
opposite of reality at the same time so
here's here's my take on it whether you
call the Kurds our staunch allies that
have helped America in its struggle as
if it's America's battle with Isis and
not the Kurds a shared battle is it not
true that the Kurds had a bigger problem
with Isis than we did because neighbors
if Isis
lived in your town would you be more or
less concerned about them than if they
were on the other side of the world it
seems to me that America helped the
Kurds with their struggle against Isis
it just happened to be something that
was good for us too so it's just
shocking that something called a reason
could have an opening sentence that the
Kurds have been helping America in its
struggle against Isis I'm pretty sure
everybody was against Isis
except Isis indeed the entire world has
a struggle against Isis because Isis
wants to attack the entire world so I'm
pretty sure that there was a shared goal
there and here's my question alright
here's my question about the whole curd
Turkey Syria situation who can tell me
or what News has reported what we
efficiently meaning the United States or
anybody acting as as a proxy for the
government so that could include a
general you know somebody in the
military who was operating over there
what official promises has the United
States ever made to the Kurds in terms
of long-term alliance or protection
has anybody ever reported that because
it would make a big difference to me if
let's say there was a general who said
look curds you know we're gonna work
together with us
and we promise you on the honor of the
united states that if you help us with
this we'll we'll stay here forever or
we'll protect you
or we'll do this is that whatever it is
what was it because if we didn't promise
them anything they just made an
assumption that because we helped them
in one situation that we were there for
them for all future situations that
would feel different than if we had made
them a direct promise and then changed
our mind because a lot of people were
talking about the honor of America and
our credibility but that doesn't that
matter what we promised
is there a written agreement was there a
verbal agreement
I I would I would say we should honor a
verbal agreement if there's some Evan
sure thing was made so without that
reporting how can you have a good
opinion about whether we're selling out
the curse if you have a strong opinion
about for selling them out or we're just
pursuing our national self-interest and
they shouldn't surprise them at all
if you have a strong opinion on that you
shouldn't because there's a piece of
information missing nobody ever told you
what we promised them or who it was that
made the promise have you ever seen that
reporting I haven't so I would say if
you have a strong opinion that we should
honor our promise but you don't know if
we ever made a promise maybe dial back
your certainty of your opinion so Coble
Harris was talking to CNN's Anderson
Cooper and there's a video clip going
around semi virally in which Anderson
Cooper asked her what laws Rudy Giuliani
had broken specifically because common
law mentioned
the many laws that he's broken so
Anderson Cooper says what laws are you
talking about specifically and camel
Harris responded and I quote well I I I
don't know this is after she had stated
as fact that Rudy Giuliani had broken a
bunch of laws which laws I don't know
now she did go on to add some context
that turned breaking laws into something
more like behavior I wish had to happen
but not exactly a broken laws so we've
reached a point where the Democrats are
making claims of fact that are so wildly
not in evidence that is there anything
you can't say anymore I think we've
reached the point where you could
literally say anything about anyone I
mean you know half of the news is
somebody being accused of being a
pedophile because they knew a guy who
was one and it seems like guilt by
association is the new standard of
Justice here so there's a new report
that really Rudy Giuliani made half a
million dollars in fees from some of
Ukrainian guy who got arrested because
their company is in trouble for some
reason now that's reported as if that's
a problem for Rudy Giuliani like that
means that he's somehow broken law but
there's nothing like that in evidence
the only evidence is that he once got
paid or at least once got paid by
somebody who broke a law that describes
just about half of the lawyers in the
United States know probably 75% don't
75% of all lawyers at some point in
their career take money from somebody
who committed terrible crimes because
half of them are defending people who
were guilty and they're taking money for
doing that and then at least half of the
are dealing with corporations and enrich
clients who probably also or breaking a
few laws they just haven't been caught
so lawyers taking money from people who
are criminals is normal it's the most
normal thing in our system but somehow
it's turned into a crime because it's
Rudy and its political seasons all that
I'm not saying that
or anybody else in the world has never
committed a crime I'm just saying that
if guilt by association is the new
standard we're in bad shape because how
many times have you seem totally accused
of something just because they spend
time with somebody yeah Epstein is the
perfect example well here's an example
for you so you can you can add this to
your list I once had a neighbor that you
know I over to the house we spent time
with him you know my ex-wife and I were
friends turns out he was the biggest
pedophile in my town and he went to jail
for 15 years but for several years he
was my neighbor he would come over to
parties we'd hang out with him I'd see
him on the street and you know we even
had family connections etc he just
happened to be the biggest pedophile in
the town I didn't know that I didn't
know that at the time and his son was
one of my you know one of the guys I
hung out with a lot played ping-pong
with him he was a teenager but he was
really good at ping-pong and it was hard
for me to find anybody that good so I
would play you know his son all the time
in ping-pong and that didn't turn me
into a pedophile turns out you can
associate with people who themselves
have committed crimes without actually
acquiring their crime doesn't work like
that all right
sure let me talk about something else
let's talk about the wall I CNN has an
article an opinion article and and this
is the important part it's on CNN all
right I'm just looking at your comment
you're commenting on exactly what I'm
going to talk about so CNN it has an
opinion article that says the wall is
working and Mexico's paying for it and
do you know why CNN as an opinion
article that says the wall is working
and Mexico is paying for it
it's because the wall is working in
Mexico is paying for it now the way
they're paying for it is by they have
27,000 Mexican troops amassed at their
own southern border to keep the caravans
from coming across Mexico which has the
effect of keeping them from getting to
the United States so indeed Mexico is
spending a tremendous amount of money to
protect their border which has the
effect of protecting our border and we
asked them to do it so I think CNN is
accurately stating that the the way they
put it is some say Mexico already built
Trump's wall but they're not really
debunking it which is the important
thing here they're not saying some say
Mexico is paying for the wall but we say
that's not true that parts missing they
just sort of say looks like Mexico is
paying for the wall some say and they
let that stand as a you know fact in
evidence
but apparently the actual wall is also
being built and they're putting it in
the places that it matters most so some
people are going to say ha ha ha
mr. president you only built I know 5
percent or 10 percent of that wall you
promised us well here's the thing
how much benefit do you get from the
first 5 or 10 percent
depends where you put it right if we put
the first five or ten percent of the
wall in the places that we know with
complete certainty it's needed the most
does 10 percent of a wall only help you
ten percent of you know reduce ten
percent of the e problem now it's
probably a lot more probably if you get
the most important crossing points maybe
you get half of it you know maybe ten
percent of a wall gets you a 50 percent
of reduction in in crossing now I'm not
claiming that as the fact I'm saying
that if we're working on the most
important places first we should get a
lot of bang for the buck and I would say
it's objectively true
that Trump kept his promise on the
border wall number one by never giving
up on it Trump never gave up on the wall
he tried machine every door every legal
challenge every every budget trick and
some of them seem to be working so he's
actually building wall and it's now
passed into the realm of fact because
here's a little trick for you I write
about this in my book in my book loser
think which is available for pre-order
and you really should get it before
they're also allowed well we're not
going to sell them all we'll make more
the point is people are already talking
about this talk about a book that's in
the perfect time have you noticed that
almost everybody is talking about people
being in news silence and entrapped in
their own interpretation and this is the
only book that teaches you how to get
out about that loser think so get your
copy and you will learn how to get
yourself out of your bubble if you read
one you had to get other people out of
their bubble if they're in one so here's
one of the tricks in the book if a fact
is reported the same on the left leaning
news and the right leading news it's
probably a fact if something is reported
as a fact as you know only one side
we've left or only the right and I like
to use CNN and Fox News as my two
standards you could use you know
Breitbart and MSNBC it's going to look
similar for this point if they both
agree on the fact it's probably a fact
so now cNN has you ran this opinion
pieces yeah it looks like this wall is
working immigration or illegal process
down Mexico is paying a lot to help us
protect the border looks like Trump's
winning I would call that a fact because
that's now being reported essentially
the same on Fox
seeing it that's the fact name some
things that are reported on only one
network as fact and the other one says
it's not
well how about Russia collusion Russia
collusion is reported or was report is
basically fact on the Left I reported as
an odd effect on the right
we waited we waited we waited Mahler
weighed in and and because and the rule
was holding here so only one side
reported it as fact and it wasn't a fact
sure enough so you can use that rule to
predict the future if you see only half
of the country half of the news
reporting it as fact probably it's not
going to be a fad in the long run that's
a good standard for predicting the
future all right let's talk about I'm
trying to figure out how to make this
interesting as the health care cost
question and the part I'm not trying to
solve health care here it's too big a
topic I'm gonna drill down on one fact
that if we all understood it would
change how you think about what we
should do
all right just one fact and here's
here's the fact or the fact in question
it's not a fact it's a fact of the
question that there's no way that we can
afford to cover everybody with health
insurance does that sound right does it
sound to you
you know just common sense do the sniff
test that we can't afford it because it
will cost trillions of dollars extra and
that there's not enough money even if
you tax rich people through the roof you
have enough money so most of you consume
on I would say the right leaning media
that's a fair guess for most of the
audience here on this periscope most of
you are consuming right leaning media
and you would considered a fact because
the right leaning media tells you this
all the time
it's the fact that covering everyone
would be too expensive there's just no
way anybody can make the math work right
that's what the write says what does the
left say well they kind of say thank you
even seeing it asked you know Warren and
Sanders how the hell are you gonna pay
for this and they don't get good answers
let me drill down a little bit here so I
think Warren and Bernie bol say that
their health can healthcare plans which
would cover everybody would know
deductibles would cost about three point
five trillion dollars a year so over
over ten years let's say thirty five
trillion dollars you've heard that
number before right about three point
five trillion a year thirty five
trillion over ten years obviously we can
that's what you've heard right do you
know what we currently pay for
healthcare in the United States we
currently play pay three point five
trillion a year and over ten years
we currently if nothing changes we'll
pay thirty five trillion dollars a year
so let me break that down for you our
current costs are three point five
trillion in the Year Bernie and
Elizabeth Warren piche buys into his
plan are saying if everybody's covered
it'll cost you three point five trillion
a year which is true is it true that the
the right-leaning publications to say we
can't afford to pay three point five
trillion a year or is it true we're
already well google it for yourself
we're already paying that so is it true
when Bernie says I can get you universal
healthcare costs at basically the same
price as we're already paying
collectively if you can't everybody
paying everything is that true let's
drill down so I'd said to yesterday that
I remembered something like 18 percent
of the public didn't
health care insurance I looked at that
again and I think partly because of the
strong economy maybe Obamacare had
something to do with this
the current updated number of Americans
who do not have health care is closer to
nine percent so nine percent of
Americans do not have health care so
Bernie is saying that to cover the extra
nine percent you can basically get you
there for free is that reasonable how do
you cover that extra nine percent for
free where does that money come from
where's it go
well let's drill down just a little bit
how much of the nine percent who don't
have health care insurance keep in mind
that they do have health care meaning
that if they have a serious problem such
as a heart attack or cancer they get
rent and the hasa
i think the hospital pays for it because
they don't have insurance and they can't
afford it so of the nine percent that's
not nine percent who don't have any
health care that's nine percent which is
largely already being paid by the system
so the three point five trillion already
includes paying most of the big health
care the hospital stuff for the people
who don't have insurance so that nine
percent isn't real if you shrunk it down
for the amount that we're already paying
they just don't have health care
insurance but they do get the health
care and nine percent is probably closer
to five percent so could we reduce
overall health care expenses by five
percent if we had the government doing
the negotiating if we will remove some
market constraints for free market you
know stuff if we could get our
pharmaceuticals from Canada if we could
allow people to compete against across
the lines I don't know if that's the
thing but
the point is if you have a three point
five trillion dollar budget for
healthcare you can always find five
percent savings how often can you find a
five percent savings in something that
costs three point five trillion dollars
100% of the time probably every time all
you'd have to do is say hey everybody
we're gonna cut your country by five
percent the the healthcare field is so
profitable that most entities could take
a five percent haircut and they'd still
be wildly profitable now I'm not saying
that any of this is practical alright so
there are real practical problems
because if let's say the help the
hospital is already footing the bill for
people who don't have insurance if
suddenly there's universal insurance
what are you gonna do with the hospital
that used to be paying part of that bill
do they just get to keep it and it's
just profit or do they then lower their
costs and everybody wins because they
don't have to pay for the uninsured
anymore so they can lower their total
costs to all the other people who who
have insurance maybe here's my take on
it given current numbers that I
understand
and this might blow your mind but the
people we're talking about we can afford
universal coverage appear to be the same
ones now the actual method or system to
get there has lots of problems because
if you have you know government only
insurance what does that do to
competitiveness and innovation and you
know does this stifle innovation you
know there are all kinds of problems
that have to be worked out but the
general proposition that that we don't
have the trillions of dollars needed to
cover that extra five percent that would
get everybody covered seems to not pass
the smell test does it to you
does it does it pass the sniff test that
we can't find a 5% savings and all that
healthcare if the government just said
look
the only way to get there to cover for
everybody is we're gonna have to find
some way to take 5% of the expenses you
know think we could do that that
actually feels like one of the easiest
things anybody ever did my my health
care provider is Kaiser Permanente I
always say good things about them
because they are really leaders and
trying to cross down
I do the vast majority of my medical
stuff I do by email I just send an email
to my doctor the assistants oh yeah
doctor says there's a prescription
waiting for you at the pharmacy or I
could just have them mailed to me so how
much cheaper is that than going to a
doctor so imagine you said to let me
throw out another idea for you suppose
you said to the people who don't have
health care there you could have health
care the government will pay for it
that's just I'm just brainstorming here
don't get too caught up on whether this
is a good idea or a bad idea
suppose we said to the people don't have
health care you can you can be covered
entirely but there's one trade-offs you
have to give up all of your medical
privacy not with your name attached will
will separate your name from it but all
of your medical information including
anything we can glean from your
lifestyle will be put in a big database
so that we can look at lots of people's
treatments and lifestyle and outcome and
figure out how to lower costs for
everybody so if for example you you had
no no medical privacy but we are
covering the names so you're not giving
up your name that's hidden but your your
data about your health outcomes is put
it in a big database and then we look at
it and say hello everybody who eats a
certain food they have this gene maybe
we take it oh let me go further hello
let me fix this idea totally ready we
stay to the nine percent who are
uninsured we'll give you free health
care the government will pay for it
but here's the trade-offs you have to
give us your DNA and your health
outcomes from that day on we'll just
connect to your database and we'll we'll
know what's happening but we won't know
you by name we'll just we'll know your
DNA we'll know the health outcomes if
you knew everybody's DNA could you lower
health expenses for that one person the
person whose DNA and lifestyle you now
could you lower just their healthcare
costs by 5% bet you could I'll bet you
could because if you knew their DNA you
would know what they're likely to have a
problem with and what they're likely not
to and then you would gear their
lifestyle changes to accommodate what
risks they have individually now
somebody asked me about illegals so
everything I'm talking about so far
applies to legal residents all right as
soon as you throw in immigration the
system falls apart because you can't
allow unlimited immigration and also
free health care those two things can't
live together you have to pick one you
can have that it's been great but you
can't give them all free health care
those those can't live in the same
country
somebody says your DNA automatically
identifies you by name yes that's why
I'm saying that you are giving up your
privacy because in theory some days
somebody could check your DNA and let's
say you get arrest in it or go to the I
don't know they check your DNA and if
they had access to this database then
they could find out all of your other
health and comes with outcomes so it is
physically possible that somebody could
find out who you are and find out your
medical history so that's why I say that
these people would be giving up their
privacy in theory
nobody would ever see that information
but you can't guarantee that nobody can
ever hack a database nobody can ever
figure out your name from your DNA you
can't guarantee that so that would be
the deal
give up your privacy and that and giving
up that pride
for for DNA only and for your health
comes only should be enough the health
care costs for everybody enough that you
would save enough money to cover
everybody boom
alright can somebody tell me where does
the 5% come from the fire the fact that
if you had enough people it doesn't have
to be the whole population but if you
had enough people whose DNA you knew and
the outcomes and lifestyle and
everything you would have information
and the information alone would lower
health care costs because you would know
to treat people in advance of their
cancer you would know to give somebody a
certain kind of preventive lifestyle
recommendation etc so the 5% which has
come from information better information
all right if somebody has a problem with
anything I said put it in the comments
because I'm really interested for those
of you who are new to my periscopes let
me give you some context I often say
things with confidence as just part of
the presentation where they don't
actually knowing what I'm talking about
so if if you think that's happening
right now you might be right incentives
are all wrong extra increases overhead
for processing right group is not
representative many are mentally ill
that's the good point
so somebody saying that the people who
don't healthcare might be expensive ones
because they might have mental
conditions I think the mental health
issue has to be treated as almost a
separate issue from health care
it's obviously it is healthcare but it
feels like we own a wall that often say
mental health is something we gotta we
gotta fix
he says we also need to know their gut
the I think they're talking about the
bacteria and your body that's a good
point we probably should know about it
somebody's bacterial situation do they
have the right bacteria or the wrong
bacteria don't assume it's a static
group I don't costs are not transparent
until after service yeah so if we simply
made all costs more transparent people
would shop for bargains and that would
probably save you 5% somebody says drug
costs are increasing far faster than 5%
yeah
so how air costs in general are going up
more than 5% a year historically so
under the situation where health care
costs go up 5% a year no matter what do
you still believe that if you're only
adding 5% to the cost of the system to
cover everybody do you think we can't
afford that
it doesn't make sense that it would only
take 5% for experts to cover everybody
costs go up 5% every year anyway and
people still keep their insurance Oh
somebody says will my tax be increased
that's all I need to know that's not all
you need to know you need to know will
your taxes go up and by how much but you
also need to know will your health care
costs for you personally go up or down
and by how much
all right one of the lessons in loser
think is you have to you have to include
the costs and the benefits or else you
haven't done an analysis if the only
thing you've done is look at the costs
that anything you also have to look at
the savings and the benefits
looking at all your comments most of
them seem to be supportive of what I've
said I don't know if I've seen anything
yet
that seems to be contrary to what I've
said so let me ask you this this
question given the way I just explained
it 9%
don't have insurance but we're already
paying a lot of that so maybe it's only
5% everybody would have to absorb to pay
for all the rest of the people who don't
have insurance and we could probably
squeeze 5% out of the system just by
having better transparency on prices and
more ability to buy cheap things and
shop around and stuff do any of you
think we could not achieve universal
health care with something that looks
close to a market system in other words
you wouldn't have to be super socialist
to get there because it would cost about
the same and end up maybe maybe even the
outcome but it'd be similar somebody
just says stop somebody says I would
prefer private Medicare for all I don't
know what that means somebody says my
girlfriend is pretty hot you're correct
and that is the best comment anybody's
made about health care today thank you
she keeps me young
all right she needs to work harder to
keep me on I'm still getting older
looking at your comments because I'm
very interested to see if I've said
something incredibly stupid but I don't
see anybody disagreeing
so just think about what just happened
just let me back up and just raise any
of the weeds for a moment all right
we're all talking about the details of
health care just come with me for a
moment and just just rise up above the
weeds and look at just for a moment
because it's fun look at the big picture
of what just happened in the last few
minutes most of you came to this
periscope saying well there's no way you
could cover everybody with health care
there's not
enough money in the integra planet right
didn't most of you come to this
periscope believing that wasn't enough
money on the planet to give everybody
healthcare and did I not just convince
you with numbers you can Google yourself
I mean just go to Google you can find
out everything I just said did I not
just explain to you that you're probably
being lied to that there's we almost
certainly could get there and it
probably wouldn't cost more than it cost
now now if you did it wrong then you've
done it wrong but in terms of how much
money there is in the system I think we
could get there at the same cost I'm not
seeing anybody disagree with me and I
there's sort of blowing my mind I really
expected a lot of disagreement did I
just change 2,000 people's minds because
I that isn't a thing that can happen I
don't see did something big just
happened here it feels like something
important just happened do you see it is
it just me because I feel like I just
convinced 2,000 people who were positive
that health care couldn't be
accomplished you get any kind of
universal coverage I feel like 2,000
people just said okay I see it now you
could do that hmm somebody says I still
think that I not be surprised if there
are plenty of people who did not change
their mind but what I'm not seeing is an
objection with my point
[Music]
huh yeah there are some people saying
there's really not enough money if the
government is wrong it gives the
government ruins everything
and that's not a bad opinion you know it
certainly makes sense and that would
support a Buddha judges view so Buddha
judge has the
you that you don't want to get rid of
the private insurance because some
people just prefer it but you can have
at the same time a public option and
then they would be competing a little
bit and as the private insurance company
you know Spurs innovation those
innovations accrue to the benefit of
people who get the public option well
somebody says you are so wrong so the
people who say that I just ignore as
useless if you would like to be
completely useless just tell me I'm
completely wrong and don't give me a
reason but but at least I'll just own it
I think I would be hey I'm gonna make a
comment it could be useful or it could
be completely useless which will I do
okay okay I think I'll be useless Scott
you are totally wrong period send
completely useless you didn't do
anything today to make the world a
better place but if he gave me a reason
even if it was a bad reason or anything
it would add to the conversation so give
me a reason you can do it alright I got
for today I miss any big topics they
care about but the government doesn't
need to run it yeah I mean even Peabody
judges says the government doesn't need
to run health care somebody says object
your point but I like it Wow thoughts on
Iran somebody asked me well there's
nothing new happening in Iran is there
it seems to me that Iran is sort of a
wait-and-see I don't the thing I don't
understand about Iran is how can they
afford all this supporting of other
militias and supporting of war in Yemen
and Hezbollah supporting I don't know
whatever
they're doing in Syria and Iraq how in
the world is Iran paying for all this
stuff I would think by now they couldn't
do anything so my guess is that we're in
a temporary situation in which Iran is
still acting as if they have money while
they're effectively Ana money so I think
what you would see with Iran is that the
sanctions will have no effect no effect
no effect no effect no effect no effect
no effect no act completely effective so
I think the sanctions are completely
ineffective until the very moment
they're completely effective so you
can't really judge because nothing's
happening yet doesn't tell you what's
gonna happen
oh so yes I had that mm alistun for some
reason missed it
so so the president has decided to not
have the g7 at Doral his own property so
he's there looking at Camp David now
what I said about Doral is that it was
actually a brilliant decision because
they put our president in his home-field
advantage in the way that would set the
table and you know it would have a
atmospheric beneficial effect in his
negotiating and prestige to be at his
own property and it's impressive you get
a very simple it's not exactly the same
but very similar by going to Camp David
or anything that the government owns
that's big message now I don't know if
Camp David is impressive does anybody
know Camp David looks like because it's
called a camp which makes me think it
can't be that opulent you know if
presidents go there it can't be bad so
it must be a little bit opulent even if
it's called a camp so I don't know what
a camp david looks like if it's true
that Doral was you know it great you
know physically accommodations
everything if Darrell was a great player
to stay and the Camp David option let's
say we end up with that is just an okay
place to stay I think we moved backwards
because the the comfort and happiness
and physical surrounding of all the
attendees has an impact that stuff
matters it matters how you feel it
matters if you got a good night's sleep
matters if you're a happy optimistic
pessimistic your environment makes a big
difference so I think for political
reasons the president you know probably
made the right choice to just take that
off the table it was just one one more
thing that people were complaining about
and he did indeed it so Scott you were
wrong about what I didn't predict that
that the event would continue at Doral I
just said that if it did it would have
been a great decision in terms of the
meeting itself it was not a great
decision politically so in politics
matter so Trump made the probably the
correct political decision I wouldn't
question that so Camp David is more
rustic people are saying also bugged all
over David is probably bugged like crazy
but you know Doral would be too
everything's gonna be bugged if there
are world leaders there Mulvaney said
Camp David was not liked by journalists
because it's too remote I'm sure there's
pluses and minuses there
did I see milania's redesign of the
tennis courts at the White House I did
not somehow I missed that important
story but I would I actually I'm
interested in that so I think I'll I'll
look for that all right well that's all
I got today
so I will talk to you tomorrow