hey everybody come on in here we're
gonna take a look at the view out my
window as you may or may not know there
are forest fires and none of them are
especially close to me but so you see
where there's that row of Lights little
yellow lights sort of right in the
middle that's at the base of a you know
a big Ridge the entire bridge is
completely obliterated by smoke
so in this neighborhood we don't open
our windows and we don't go outside
so it's we've got an air quality warning
so we don't go anywhere
focus focus
there you go you thought it would be pot
work related well what are the odds of
that all right hold on put you down
turn you around okay bear with me
so yeah it's dangerous to go outside the
fires are so intense and I'm not if as I
said I'm not really near any in terms of
danger of catching on fire but the I
actually don't know how far away I am I
think it's probably in the fifty to a
hundred mile range something like that
it was probably the closest one why what
are those air quality readers do they
have those there was no blek set to in
mid terms my understanding is that the
that the youth did not show up to vote
do you remember by tweet a very early on
Election Day and I noted that it just
seemed like there were a lot of old
people but not a lot of young people in
line and I realize it was also with that
time of day when there would be more old
people but it just seemed to me that
with people with different schedules etc
that that there would be a good chance
that the young would not there now can I
have a q8 quickly if I have to well the
odds of him making it all the way to me
it would have to burn down a lot of
residential it would have to burn down
and a half of Pleasanton before it
reached me so I guess it's possible but
my house was built to to be almost fire
resistant well totally fire resistant
but it's almost fireproof so there's a I
don't think there's anything external on
my house that could even catch on fire
so it would have to be exposed to a
something actually burning for a long
time
so I see in the news that the Wall
Street Journal is reporting and I know
this is a big surprise to a lot of you
but apparently President Trump when he
was candidate Trump he actually knew
that his lawyer was arranging payments
to McDougall and to stormy I know that's
a big shocker to all of you but it's
it's top news on CNN and I think if
they're gonna be fair about reporting
the story they should put right up at
the top what the potential penalty is
because I think the potential penalty is
something like a traffic fine yeah
there's just you're ready to check from
the campaign that's not even a personal
find I think it's a campaign violation
so they should say that at the top it
turns out that the President did exactly
what everybody assumed he did for all
the reasons that you assume people do
those things and we're really gonna get
it now and when we do there will be heck
to pay somebody who's not even him will
have to write a check I think that's the
whole story right but we'll see if it
gets any bigger I saw that rod
Rosenstein praised Whitaker as a perfect
choice for that job did you see that so
Rosenstein that gets passed over for the
job of acting AG praises Whitaker who
was basically taking control from him
for being a perfect choice and just
great I'd love to know if rod Rosen
Stein has a good sense of humor in
private would well wouldn't you love to
just be privately talking to rod Rosen
see and say you're just you just
screwing with us right now
right you just screw this I feel like
you think
yeah I just fought really but what are
you gonna do Whitakers his boss at the
moment
so because he's not stupid
he's not insulting his boss for no good
reason
alright and is it is it the simulation
talking to us that he somebody was
saying this I'm on Twitter that what's
the name of the woman who's being
accused of voting irregularities in
Florida her last name is snipe SM IP
snipe which is just a perfect name for
for a theatrical event but even better
than that is that the headline news is
that I'm not making this up Trump used
pecker to keep a playmate quiet that's
just what happened I'm just reporting
the news so they're saying that new-agey
isn't legit yeah does it seem to you
that if you're willing to pay enough for
lawyers you can declare that anything is
not legit it doesn't feel like that you
could just take any random politician
out of the government and say yeah uh
all right you over there minding your
own business and just pluck now and say
I'm gonna dangle you in front of 15 of
the best lawyers at Washington let's see
if they find anything dangle dangle
dangle I feel like oh it Snipes with the
best I feel like I feel like if you have
enough lawyers just everybody's going
down there's just no it's no exception
how would you break into the simulation
good question
it really depends who's running the
simulation
so if I told you by my way that we can
check if we're a simulation there's a
way the check I don't have the final
details but here's the the concept one
of the ways that you could confirm it
sort of the ways that you'd have to do a
lot of different experiments to really
confirm you know an Einstein theory you
know you don't want to go at it from a
different different angles make sure
they're all consistent if we're a
simulation you know in other words if
were software creatures who have been
designed to think we're real then we
live in a world in which the present can
change the past because you would not
create an artificial world in which the
past exists in fullness you would write
the past as the president requires it so
if you find a box of photographs in the
attic and you know will say nobody's
ever seen them before or maybe it's just
because you've never seen them before
and he opened them up now I guess it
would have to be if nobody alive had
seen them and you find some new evidence
of the past because your family
photograph you found a fossil or
something at that point the past rites
just enough to keep the whole script
working it wouldn't create the entire
the entire thing now somebody's saying
nihilism but not at all because we
wouldn't be no different if we were the
simulations or if we were real all the
same rules would apply we would just be
made of different stuff I'm addicted and
bored of the news at the same time I'm
having exactly that feeling I'm having
the feeling of being bored by the news
just lately because some of the news is
you know after the midterms were
exciting but after that it got a little
you know exciting for another day and
then today it seemed like a half it's
just ordinary stories today
I can't tell if I like the new angry
Trump who's who's who's calling
reporters stupid I know I'm entertained
I'm definitely entertained by it I saw a
joy read that say that the president is
you know she was raising the fact that
the president had insulted three black
women recently now unless you're paying
attention he also started out by
insulting Jim Acosta and then his
coworker at the same network so he I
think but anyway he started with two
adult white man and tore into them and
then he just kept going here's here's
how the pessimist and the optimist see
this story so joy read playing the part
of the pessimist in my example says oh
the president insults three black women
coincidence that's the pessimistic view
here's the optimistic view there are
three black women who have excellent
jobs with access in the White House the
reason that three black women got
insulted recently is that all three of
those women are super accomplished
they have great great jobs they got they
got close enough to the insults or in
chief that they got insulted like so
many other people including Jim Acosta
so it's literally true that you could
look at the same situation and say oh my
god it's terrible look who he's
insulting is this a coincidence maybe
it's not a coincidence maybe black women
are just killing it lately
they cut great jobs there if you're
standing next to the President of the
United States and asking him a question
you've got a good job congratulations
you've made something of your of your
life you know most of the world would
wish they were you so what that's it
let's at least at least kids
the context that nobody's getting
insulted unless they get on the radar
and welcome to the radar it's actually
it's actually a weirdly positive sign
when what the insulting is going when
the insulting is well distributed seems
to be it's a pretty good sign should I
learn hypnosis to learn and persuasion I
can only tell you that I think it helped
a lot but I also did that first so you
know I may have been biased by the fact
that I took hypnosis before I learned
more levels of persuasion
yeah by the way the joy read can only
ask the question and send the tweet
because she's killing it she's got a
really good job her career is going
great
so well congratulations to Joy read for
or her success
all right I didn't have much else to say
so they have any questions while I got a
few minutes here
people like welcome to the radar
I'm already weapon i hypnotized somebody
said
I'm going to take a Dale Carnegie course
because of you that will be one of the
best things you've ever done you know
you might be in that Dale Carnegie
course and thinking I don't know you
know what I'm learning today you may
have a little skepticism during it but
I'll bet you will be one of your best
decisions what's my favorite color green
a lot of my favorite things are green
where's the bomber story so you know the
this latest shooter whose name I don't
want to use the Marine it
this one is one where I haven't heard
people say that there should be more
armed guards there because this guy was
a a trained killer and if you're a
trained killer
a few security guards aren't going to
stop you because you just do them first
so this guy's kind of an exception when
it comes to mass murderers I'm in need
of suboxone but it's $500 a month
I wonder if that's what sounds like
you're in need of health care insurance
I assume that would be covered I wonder
how big a problem that is how many yeah
you know I don't know how many people
who are addicts are having problems just
paying for this uh boxing
I'd be a good question
predictions on who's getting fired I do
not
that was the drumming going it's
government long my my goal for learning
to play the drums was not that I would
ever be good but I can do some stuff now
just a little bit of stuff which is fun
getting better
did you feel vindicated with perpetually
defending Trump when you met him I
wouldn't put it that way what I would
say was it would be it was probably one
of the most telemarketer call I was just
saying that meeting the president was I
had to be the most interesting thing
I've ever done so I guess that's the way
I processed it
jinke you may have some some career
changes coming up we'll see I just don't
know the details of those stories oh
finish your box of pictures Nana so the
the idea is that if we live in a
simulation the present could rewrite
could write the past but only as you
need it because you wouldn't build the
past just in case somebody needed that
you would conserve resources in all
likelihood so if you can find a way to
change the past you know you're in the
simulation and I would argue that the
double-slit experiment in physics might
be an example of just that this Trump
gonna legalize pot to be bipartisan
unless I would predict yes unless
there's some obstacle that I'm not aware
of so there might be something that has
nothing to do with politics and nothing
to do with persuasion there just might
be something I don't know that's holding
them back now that other sessions is out
of there I don't know what that would be
so it would be the right plague as it
would control the conversation it would
be bipartisan it would be easy it would
be fast it would show something's
happening so it pretty much has
everything going for it and it's very
Republican it's kicking it back to the
states letting the states Cruz now
decide this term do you think honestly I
don't know why it doesn't happen before
the end of the year except that just the
generic reason that there's not much
getting done between now and the end of
the year yeah it may be that there's
just not much work that gets done in
Washington so in from that sense it
would be a perfect sort of a filler
story you know but my guess is that
right now the White House has a you know
a bunch of things which that they can
slot into the dead spaces between now
and the end of the year because it won't
be as much real news it'll be more
sensational stuff for the gossipy stuff
and
[Music]
so it's probably on the list and the
president actually legalized it well all
you have to do is come out in favor of
legislation I think that would be enough
I think that Congress could pass on some
pretty quickly
wouldn't we be better for 2020 honestly
I think people are gonna be mad if he
waits to 2020 because there isn't
anything stopping it and it would just
make more sense politically to to get a
bipartisan wind outing so you could
argue you've done something worse veto
you know I haven't spent much of any
time at all looking at the beta dogon on
video it seems like he's just got that
good voice and that you know he's tall
and he's got here and but I just can't
see I can't see Democrats running you
know running a tall good-looking white
male it just doesn't feel like that
would keep their keep their whole you
know their party together North and
South Korea are moving all the minds on
their borders is that new or is that
just part of the general
denuclearization of the of the border
do you remember any time the vidi has
been this biased and unhinged no not
even close there's a reason for that and
the reason is that the the business
model of the media rewards angry people
and that just wasn't always the case so
now that we can measure how how angry
people get you really are obligated as a
business to make people angry because
that's where the money is I think the
thing they might break capitalism is the
fact that you can measure well what'd he
say here's a here's a late night sort of
a Friday question what would happen if
people get better and better at
persuading and we can measure measure
just how well somebody gets persuaded by
any particular message they'll say we
just keep getting better and better at
it at some point the idea of free will
will be completely eliminated because
we'll know ok this message going to this
person under these conditions under this
time is definitely going to flip them
and then you watch the person go blink
and they make a purchase or whatever it
is you try to convince them to do the
moment you can see the entire chain from
the persuasion technique through to what
it does to the person and then watch
them change to the behavior at the
moment we can you know move 5 or 10% of
the people if you do things right but
we're going to keep getting better at it
once you can move something like 80
percent of the people to make whatever
choice you want just by changing the
lighting and the message and the words
you use then our entire understanding of
free will be obliterated so what happens
then I think at that point when your
persuasion gets strong enough wait for
it what happens when your persuasion
goes from weak let's say persuasion was
weak in the 50s and then you know
through the seventies and Mad Men
that era they got better and better and
now that we can measure things we can
test really quickly what works and what
doesn't and we're better at creating
visual stuff and fear and and all that
and now we're the best we've ever been
in terms of a you know the Society's
talents what happens if it keeps getting
better because there's nothing to stop
persuasion to get more and more powerful
as long as you can measure things it
will continue to get better so at what
point does it become illegal if I could
if I told you I know how to make out of
a hundred people I know how to make 70
of them do whatever I'm suggesting
so assuming it's legal you know and it's
not something crazy but if I could make
70 out of 100 people I don't know which
70 but just on average 70 of them I can
make make a specific decision at that
point it's illegal isn't it you can have
to make it illegal because it's just
brainwashing at that point so persuasion
is only legal wait for it because most
people can't do it well I'm probably
already at a point where I should be
illegal if let me put it this way if if
the law understood how persuasive I am
and then I don't think it ever will if
the law could kind of recognize that I
think it might be illegal the only
reason that's it's legal is that you
can't specifically measure what impact I
have versus what impact anybody else has
as long as other people are also trying
to persuade you only you only need one
person to be making a difference and you
can't tell who it is you know so yeah
I'm watching your comments and say
you're trying to persuade this
vanity well let me tell you what I basis
on so after the election of 2016 I asked
on Twitter how many people I had
persuaded to vote for Trump who had not
already done there and I think around
1,500 people responded that I had
changed the mind and changed their vote
now that's how many people responded
usually there's a multiplier you know if
X people said something there's usually
you know 10x who actually felt it so
given the number of people who had any
contact with me through Twitter or
whatever to have potentially persuaded
tens of thousands is on the border of
where it should be illegal and the
reason it isn't this because nobody can
be sure can't measure it and I can't
either by the way so if you're wondering
if my my head is too big I don't know
how to add by how big my head should be
either because I don't have a any kind
of an accurate a sense of how persuasive
I actually am all right what do you
think of Darren brown I haven't really
watched him enough people always ask me
and I'm not sure why people ask that
question he's a he's a good hypnotist
I'm not sure well what else there is to
say about that
this camera angle makes my head look
bigger
well good isn't the beauty of capitalism
that it accounts for well that's a big
question I don't know I think this will
be my least interesting periscope let's
end it now I will talk to you all later