[Music]
[Applause]
oh there we
are comments
online good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and I'm pretty sure you've
never had a better time if you'd like to
enjoy this experience at the
maximum possibility all you need is a
cup or muger glass of tanker chal Canen
juger flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparal pleasure
the dopamine yet of the day the thing
that makes everything better is the
special Friday edition the is going to
be great today happy birthday president
Trump
go I think there was a little extra
simultaneity in that
one makes the sipping so
good well let's see what we've got going
I almost didn't have a show here because
I had again major computer failure do
you remember when Apple uh was accused
used of slowing down their phones to
make you think you needed a new
one and then people were thinking ah
that can't be a real thing and then we
found out it was a real thing and they
admitted
it well I've got a a desktop you know
Macintosh that
suddenly suddenly it tells me I don't
have the right operating system when
it's the new one it tells me I don't
have application uh application memory
which I do it tells me I don't have a
room on my hard disk which I do lots of
it now
anyway and it's basically crashing all
of my applications all the time so I
said to myself well I'm going to go to
the Apple Store because I don't get out
much since the pandemic I don't have bun
of human activity outside the house so I
thought you know what I'm going to do
I'm going to go see what is like to be
with people like actually go to a store
you know where they're they're human
beings in the same room and stuff
because I don't really do that I it's
been so long since I've been in a
store I guess I've I've done grocery
shopping but that's about it so I go to
the Apple Store and what I was expecting
of course is Apples usually you know
blue star amazing service because they
their service is so good that in the
Apple Store they literally called the
job description of the people who work
there genius it actually says genius
right on the business card literally
that's just the name of the job they're
called Geniuses and I remember the first
time I went to an Apple store several
years
ago and I remember they were called
Geniuses and I thought to myself well
they're not going to be Geniuses watch
this it's just going to be like every
other employee they won't be able to
know how to do anything and then it
turns out they were really really smart
hard and they could solve anything every
time I went in they had Immediate
Solutions so they were in fact Geniuses
I mean way smarter than the average
person anyway so that's the experience I
expected when I went there
yesterday so I go in there and sure
enough I'm greeted at the door by sort
of the a host type person with a with a
phone who's going to put me in it and
make sure that somebody comes and helps
me right away and I'm like this is what
I remember yeah this is good stuff so
she tells me to go wait by the computer
I wanted to buy CU I literally walked in
and she said can I help you and I said
yes I'd like to buy your finest
computer now I meant that literally
because I don't like to mess around I
just want to know what's your one that
has the best memory and the fastest
processor okay wrap it up that's what I
plan to do because when you do it
professionally you don't really buy the
second best computer computer is nothing
really to decide because you know you're
going to appreciate every little bit of
extra you know power it has so she goes
stand by the computer so she goes well
you can while you're here you can
compare this one to this other
one now already she's not understanding
my
request I said show me your finest
computer that's very different from show
me some computers of which I can spend
some time comparing in them no not
really interested in the second best
computer so already they're kind of not
understanding the mission no only the
best computer it's the only reason I'm
here so I wait by the computer which
seemed like a little longer than they
usually make you wait especially since
there were a whole bunch of geniuses
wandering around not helping any people
but often just talking to themselves in
little groups now that was the first
thing that caught my attention I thought
huh there's a group of three of them
over there doing nothing for customers
when I'm standing here with my finger on
my ass but eventually a genius did show
up and the genius showed up wearing a
n95 CO
mask
in
2024 in the
summer and I said to
myself I've got a bad feeling about this
genius there's something this genius is
signaling that says it's different from
the other Geniuses it could be the co
mask in
2024 and so the co mask genius came over
to me and he said can I help you and I
looked at him and I said in my strongest
clearest voice
yes I was going to give him the easiest
transaction of his day do you see this
computer this is your best one right yes
right wrap it up here's my credit card
that that's how I thought things would
go instead it went this
way can I help you yes great and then he
walked directly over to another young
couple well I'm not a young couple and
said uh how can I help you and then he
helped
them
[Music]
so so now you're saying to yourself but
Scott probably he misheard or you
misheard or something that you know it's
the easiest thing to fix you just walk
up to one of the other Geniuses who's
not busy and saying oh might have been
some miscommunication but I still need
some help and I see there are plenty of
geniuses so I'm still in good
shape so I walk up to the first
genius and I realized that I've been
away from people for too
long I was so pissed
off not only the apple as far as I can
tell is intentionally crippled in my
computer and totally up my
operation that I do in front of live
people every
day but now they've apparently
introduced some level of incompetence
into their genius system and I looked at
the very next guy and I had to stop
myself and leave the store because I
realized I was going to go off on
him for no reason at all he hadn't done
anything and I realized I'm not I can't
be around people anymore
people just pissed me off too much and
are you going to say to me was it a Dei
situation well not that I know of right
I mean the the employee in question was
among the diverse population but that
doesn't mean it was you know that's
what's was going on but I do assume that
Apple has uh been destroyed by the same
Dei that the other big companies have
been so my presumption is that Dei
destroyed their high level of service I
don't know if that's true but it would
be the reasonable the reasonable
prediction well on other topics uh
apparently Wells Fargo has fired what
they call Mouse
jigglers there are people who have some
kind of technology to move the mouse
when they're not at their desk and it
makes it look like they're working if
you're monitoring them electronically
and they're called the mouse
jigglers now if you don't think there's
going to be a Dilbert reborn comic in
which Wall-E is a mouse Jiggler well you
don't know me there will be some mouse
Jiggler Mouse Jiggler situation will be
going on there all
right
uh so yesterday on my show I asked the
provocative question why do we have
voting machines at all given that
they're not cheaper faster more reliable
more credible or anything and and nobody
could make an argument for it well that
went a little bit viral on X and then I
saw Real Clear Politics picked it up so
the the question is there now do you
think that anybody will answer the
question let's make your prediction do
you think anybody who knows what they're
talking about whether they're from one
of the companies that produces machines
or just somebody who's knowledgeable do
you think somebody will say oh oh
there's an obvious reason and then they
will tell me the reason that we use
voting machines when they're not cheaper
faster more
reliable and and then I'll say oh that
was very non obvious but now that you
say that reason I can see why that would
be important do you think that's going
to happen that's what should happen
right it's the most important question
in the world because if we don't get our
elections right the country
fails there's a whole ripple effect so
the most important question in the world
and now it's public got a lot of
attention
so now I'll get the answer right have
you seen the answer yet no there's no
answer I haven't seen one if anybody
sees an answer to that please please
alert
me but I'll tell you asking the right
question is the most dangerous thing in
the world because until you ask the
right question people's minds aren't
quite focused on the thing maybe they
should be
watching yeah it's a big question sort
of a magic trick to even have those
machines in there and somehow they've
convinced everybody that there was a
reason and maybe there is but it's kind
of interesting that nobody in the
country is aware of what that reason
might
be all
right there's a study that says that
gratitude can make you feel less lonely
so there's a big old uh study published
in the Journal of applied psychologist
and they did a I think they did a meta
study of studies and they spent a bunch
of M money and took a bunch of time and
they found out that showing gratitude
makes you feel less lonely do you know
what they could have done instead of a
meta
study they could have asked
me now I keep finding out the hypnotists
are apparently 50 years ahead of Science
and I mean that actually literally with
no exaggeration whatsoever hypnotists
apparently are learning things that are
like 50 years ahead of science because I
could have told you this why gratitude
releases oxytocin oxytocin makes you
feel less lonely I knew that did you
know
that did you know that gratitude
releases oxytocin and did you know that
oxytocin makes you feel less lonely they
didn't have to study this at
all I knew it you just had to ask me
yeah gratitude oxytocin oxytocin makes
you feel less lonely I made sure I
checked with you know chat GPT just to
make sure I wasn't insane but yes it
confirmed that's
true um here's another one there was a
study where they found that people would
feel less pain if they if they uh were
in virtual reality and they were looking
at an
avatar that was muscular I think it
means their own avatar like a muscular
version of themselves but I'm not sure
that's necessary could be just a
muscular Avatar but it would be better
if it was a muscular Avatar of yourself
more muscular than you are and it said
it uh reduced Pain by
16% um you know who knew that without
doing a
test
hypnotists yeah I think it was a long
time ago the first time I saw that you
could make people save more for the
retirement if you showed them a a
altered picture of themselves so they
could see the themselves looking old if
somebody somebody can imagine themselves
in a different situation such as old
then they'll change their behavior
that's been known forever now does that
extend to pain management yeah every
hypnotist could tell you that pain
management is one of the things a
hypnosis does well it's one of the first
original things
so
um yes it's completely uh
obvious that if you looked at yourself
looking differently you would have an
effect on your body that would be
psychological and that includes pain
management because that can be there's a
psychological
element um but generally speaking the
way you visualize yourself makes a
difference now here's how I use this in
everyday
life I imagine myself as more physically
fit than I
am which is to say I imagine that if I
took off my shirt and looked in the
mirror it would look better than it
actually does when I take off my shirt
and look in the mirror so I always set
my visual basically my avatar so I
always have an avatar of myself except
the Avatar of myself is a better version
and I do that intentionally and I've
I've told you this for years you should
always set your self opinion above your
whatever you think is real because there
we have an ability to sort of stretch
ourselves
into our impression of who we are you
you become the person you imagine it's
just sort of an automatic process so if
you imagin yourself being a big loser
every day you probably will do more
losing you've heard of the power of
positive thinking the power of positive
thinking is basically imagining an
avatar of yourself succeeding in the
future and what
happens every study every personal
experience everybody will tell you if
you imagine yourself being successful or
especially at something specific you're
more likely to get it it's what
affirmations are that's why affirmations
you know have lasted a long time that
people feel it works so yeah you could
ask me if you would asked me do you
think this would work I would have said
yeah probably I don't think you even
have to study
it here's another one apparently they uh
another research found out that people
who have grandiose narcissism which is
one of the two types very different from
the other kind grandios is where you
just want to get credit for doing great
things and maybe you think positively of
yourself and a study found that people
with uh the most grandiose narcissism in
other words the best opinion of
themselves and their place in the world
uh they perform better on intelligence
tests when under stress thanks to a
broader distribution of visual attention
now uh the
broader the broader distribution of
visual
attention that's uh there's another word
for that um but I've talked about this
with persuasion before so yes it is true
that if you imagine things are going to
go your way you will you'll simply
notice more things and you'll be
smarter just by imagining things are
going to go your way in other words
optimism makes makes you smarter
now I would say that grandio narcissism
is is just a form of personal
optimism the reason and I often label
myself a grandiose
narcissist because I always think in in
gigantic terms I wake up every day
thinking I can change the
world every day and always have even
even before I was a public figure I
always thought today I can do something
that maybe will change the world and
I've never lost that feeling that I'm
going to do something that changes the
world and I have done a few things that
Chang the world in some
ways so so now we know that uh there's a
good form of narcissism it Mak just
makes you
smarter it makes you work harder to do
good things because you want to get
credit for get for having done good
things I love credit for good things
and and when people and you you might
remember there was a time when I said
narcissism is fake there's no such thing
that was before I realized there's two
completely different ones and they just
use the same word so the problem is that
narcissism can mean this good kind where
people are just trying to do something
great for the world and actually makes
them better at doing those
things what's wrong with that one so
that's that's the kind that I see Trump
as he actually feels he has some role to
fix the world and then he goes out and
he kind of does it so wasn't it good
that he had that opinion of himself
otherwise he wouldn't have even run for
president who runs for president unless
you think I mean you have to be sort of
a narcissist to run for president but if
you're the bad kind then you're just a
troublemaker looking to destroy
everything around you so you feel good
that's a whole different deal so I
insist again
that calling this one narcissism is just
the wrong label because it's like it's
like calling somebody who's a doctor a
murderer because you both deal with dead
people no one is trying to save the
people the doctor the others try to kill
the people so calling them both Killers
because you know I suppose a doctor can
lose a patient by the wrong process um
it's sort of that's sort of the same
thing it's just the wrong word for the
the thing so
confusing well CNN continues to find the
middle ground here uh Jake Tapper was
calling out uh somebody he was talking
to Dan Goldman was on the show and uh
tap was pointing out that there's no
reason for the
dojj to withhold the her tapes h r her
those are the tapes in which Biden is
presumed to sound more dementia than the
trans scripts would show if you had the
actual audio apparently it would sound
bad people imagine but the the two
things I want to say about this number
one I do think
CNN's move toward
reasonableness which is the mdal is real
it does look real but I don't think it's
affected every
person the good news is uh Tapper is
definitely moving towards something like
a sensible middle and
smires has always been the most
reasonable person at the network but I
found out the other day if if Chad GPT
told me the truth it might have been
hallucinating but I think they have the
two biggest shows so the the two shows
with the big the biggest viewers are
also the more reasonable people on the
network so that's good but Dan Goldman
the guest I'm going to put him in the
category of the professional Liars the
Democrats have a professional liar grp
Group which is the weirdest thing and
what I mean by that is um in politics
there are exaggerations and sort of
normal lies but then there are the
extraordinary lies the ones that really
no reasonable person should ever believe
you know like Russia collusion or the
laptop is fake you know the or or in
this case there's no reason you need to
see those those tapes from her these are
just crazy crazy up things
so they have this group of people who
are apparently either so so blackmailed
or they know that they're the worst
people in the world but they're the ones
who will say anything and and if you
don't know who they are you will confuse
them with real people right Dan Goldman
is just he's an Adam schf he's an Eric
swell he's Jamie
Rasin he's a uh he's a James Clapper
he's a a
Brennan those are the names that when
you see them they seem to only appear
when there's something so hard to defend
that you would need some somebody
completely Shameless to look in the
camera and say it's true or not
true the regular Democrats really don't
show up for this
stuff there there must be at least 70%
of Democrats who wouldn't say any of
this stuff out loud because they know
everybody knows they're lying but for
some reason there are this you know five
to seven Democrats who will always say
the dumbest ridiculous lie and
Goldman's one of them he he's an absurd
character um I remind you that in an
election year all our data is fake I
guess Jerome Powell the Fed chair
basically admitted the other day that
the employment numbers are
inaccurate right
so I'll tell you every day probably
until election day there's no data that
you can rely on during an election year
probably you couldn't rely on it ever
but an election year is just crazy to
imagine as true right everything's going
to be gamed and I I find that I've
entered this category of humans where
maybe 90% of all the people on earth I
can't relate to
anymore cuz I can't talk to anybody who
thinks that government data commercial
data from companies the news and history
are
real how do you deal with somebody who
thinks the news is still real wherever
it was how do I deal with somebody who
thinks that data from the government is
accurate how do I deal with somebody who
thinks that they know an election is
fair I don't even know how to talk to
them what what would you say to somebody
who's operating in it's sort of like I'm
a you I'm a base 10 number counter and
I'm talking to somebody who some you
know
base I don't know what invisible numbers
or something it's like I don't even know
how to talk to them if if you think that
news history and government data are
real or that anything that you know
Goldman Schiff swell Brennan or Clapper
tell you if you think any of that's real
how can I actually have a conversation
with you about anything
important I don't know what to do about
that
yeah know it it's
so it so removes you from the regular
world because the regular world is
walking around hypnotized into thinking
all this stuff is
real
anyway uh the Federalist is reporting
that the state department won't say
definitively whether or not it's
colluding with big Tech to censor speech
before the
election now wouldn't you call that an
easy question to answer if the answer is
no hey are you colluding with big Tech
to influence the election that we're
about to
have well we're doing
things blah no but you didn't really
answer the question are you colluding
with big Tech to censor speech before
the 2024
election
well so yes
yes of course they are yes of course
there's massive
censorship they're just going to be a
little more clever about it I guess of
course there
is um I have a question for you having
now used chat GPT quite a bit um I can't
think of any reason I would ever use a
Google
search which seems like a really big
problem for Google doesn't it because my
normal habit would be lots of Google
searches during any given week it's just
the most common thing now probably I
would only use it if I knew the URL or
the name of the website because you know
it will autofill the website so that's
useful but besides autofilling the thing
I want
uh chat GPT gives me all kinds of
context you know I can do follow-up
questions I can do it in audio now what
happens when I've got that on my phone
apparently chat gbt and apple are not
paying each other there there's enough
of a strategic interest that chat gbt is
basically free to Apple not just free to
the users but even Apple isn't paying
for it now I don't know what's beyond
that but it looks like they may be
trying to take Google
down that's what it looks like because
how does Google survive if I can pick up
my phone and ask any question and Chad
gbt will just take it over to presumably
Bing to get my
answer I don't know I think Google has a
existential threat that just popped up
out of
nowhere all right Charlamagne the god
the god uh he's being interesting again
and uh he was saying that I guess he was
on The Daily
Show he said that in the age of hate
Democrats need a message makeover and
that they should learn from Republic
Republicans how to talk like real
people now that part sounds really
smart but he can't
quite he can't quite leave the illusion
here's what Elsie
said there's nothing wrong with the uh
policies of the Democrats it's their
messaging
gosh every time you think Charlemagne's
going to make the leap no charl me the
policies are goddamn
garbage it's not about Joe Biden's
personality there's nothing about his I
don't even care that he walks like a
statue I I don't care I wouldn't even
care if he was stealing money from
Ukraine I wouldn't care if his son was
coked up and firing bullets in the air
if their policies were even a little bit
okay the border is open are you kidding
me we're we're spending our money in
Ukraine for God knows what are you
kidding me inflation through the
roof it's crazy really Charlamagne the
policies are good it's just the way
they're talking about it that's the
problem no nobody thinks
that all right but what he said about
the messaging was funny and good he says
uh he he used three examples of good
messaging from Republicans and you'll be
amazed who he picked he picked Senator
Kennedy Marjorie Taylor green and
Trump as three examples of good of good
uh messaging and a way to talk to the
public specifically what he said is you
should talk like people talk and that
people don't want to hear a politician
talk they want to hear a real person
talk and that whether you like it or not
so he's not endorsing what they said
just the quality with which they said it
in a way people can relate to totally
agree uh that was a good observation I
think and by the way I've been saying
that since Trump came on the scene
remember in 2015 everybody said he's
talking like a sixth grade
vocabulary and I kept saying you mean
the best way you could ever talk well
but you don't understand he's talking
like a sixth grader and and then I would
say again okay but you're complimenting
him right don't you understand he's he's
communicating like a sixth grader okay
I'm hearing you but do you understand
that's the best way to talk to the
public and eight years later Charlemagne
says you know that's the best way to
talk to the
public Trump did that to you he went
from why is he talking like a child to
we should all be talking like that I
mean that's the way to talk that's what
works and he's
right Gavin Nome being Gavin Newsome at
the board he's in full lizard mode and
he's got a little video in which he's
talking about how he's doubled the
California National Guard at the border
and they're working to stop the flow of
fenel wow that sounds good that's a man
of action he's getting stuff done and
and then he contrasts it to the GOP that
are like playing games and Mike Johnson
searching for spot and meanwhile as
Gavin new points out he's out there
doing real work he's there with the
National Guard they're closing the
border now the National Guard wasn't
shown in the
video and fox news's Bill maluan weighs
in and said you know none of that's
happening not a single person he's ever
talked to and he's down at the border
all the time and he checked with the
border patrol none of them have seen any
National
Guard as in Annie as in none nobody's
ever seen one the people who actually do
work on the border it's like National
Guard we haven't seen them they're
here so so Gavin Nome actually just does
a video and says he's controlling the
Border apparently none of that's
happening now what happens when I talk
to the next Democrat I run into who
thinks that that's true how do I have a
conversation with somebody who thinks
Gavin Newsome's closing the border with
the National Guard that's literally just
like a fictional
story all right well happy birthday to
Trump he's
78 um and you I just saw another the
interview with Jake Paul we talk about
that he made some
news but he looks completely on the ball
am I wrong I don't see Trump losing a
step now I think he's too old because I
think everybody that age is at a certain
risk but I got to say he looks
100% for what that's worth it's just not
my preference to have people that age in
that
office but lots of individual
differences all
right so he's talking to
uh um Jake Paul who's going to be
fighting
against uh Mike Tyson in a few months
and here are some of things he talked
about uh
oh actually this before I talk about
that apparently Trump said in a meeting
with Republicans that he's considering
or that he would consider replacing the
federal income tax with an all tariff
policy in other words 100% of the money
coming into the government would be
charging uh other countries for the
privilege of trading with the United
States now could that
work CU I don't know wouldn't they just
increase their tariffs on us or would we
only be increasing tariffs on people who
are already in an uh unbalanced
situation so we just be bringing it to
even I don't know how that would work
but here's what so I'm not I'm not
forward or against it here's what I'm
going to
say Donald Trump turned 78 years
old he's the one who suggested building
new cities on federal lands one of the
most radic IAL and forward thinking
things I've heard from a president
ever he also is considering completely
removing the federal tax code he hasn't
decided to do it but he's he's looking
into an idea that's so radical and so
different I'd never even heard of it can
you imagine that there was a potential
tax policy that i' never heard of now
whether that's a good idea or a bad idea
if you think that being 78 is is hurting
Trump's ability to be flexible
intellectually you're wrong he's got the
goods and he's bringing them right in
front of you the goods are 78y old
people don't think like this but he does
he does and that's
really kind of notable when was the last
time you saw a 78-year-old be have the
newest ideas in the game I've never even
heard of that this is really un usual
and he's doing it you know more than
once it's fairly consistent he is an
innovator and he said in a recent
interview that the government needs to
be helping the entrepreneurs more which
caused you know Jason from the uh all-in
podcast to go yes there you go that's
exactly what we should be doing so on
almost every topic he has a young man's
opinion you can't Overlook that that's a
big deal if you're concerned about AG
that's a really big deal all right but
here's my favorite
part so uh Jake Paul asked him about
UFOs now as you know if you're the
president you get to see all the good
stuff so a president in theory should be
able to find out does the United States
have any captured spaceships you know do
we have any
alens and here's what Trump
said uh it's possible that there could
be alien life CU you know it's a big
universe so that's good that that's a
very trumpian open-minded thing which is
how do we know it's a big
universe so so he's open to the
possibility now why would you put it
that way why would you say you know
anything's possible if you actually
knew we had
aliens well you wouldn't so one of the
things we can be sure
about I think I can be sure nothing's
100% but he talked about how Pilots had
seen things and uh they were very
credible pilots and there were multiple
of them and he talked to them personally
and he had every reason to believe that
what they were
seeing was at least not a lie doesn't
mean it's
aliens but he was convinced that their
stories were accurate observations of
what they
saw but what that what they saw is still
of course a question so he's open to it
he thinks that the people reporting it
are credible but here's the thing isn't
the real story whether or not we do have
warehouses with 12 alien captured ships
as the news and certain whistleblowers
keep telling us well he said directly
Trump did that he does not personally
believe that aliens have been presented
in
Earth now think about those things
that's actually a perfect answer the
perfect answer is here's the evidence
they're very credible it's a big world
anything's possible but personally I'm
not
convinced do you think he would say
personally he wasn't convinced if he'd
taken a tour of UFO
debris no I I think Trump doesn't
know if there are aliens nobody's
telling him and he was asked that
directly do you think they would tell
you you know what if they were there and
it's like one of these you know John
Brennan Secrets they don't tell you I
feel like they would tell
him and I don't think he's
lying I think that the government
literally doesn't have any captured UFOs
because he would know about it you don't
think he could figure that out so in my
opinion this is confirmation that the
whistleblowers are full of
 which always seemed obvious to me
by the
way all right uh then uh uh Trump talked
about Elon Musk and had very positive
things to say about him and how
impressed he is about the Rockets you
know Landing to be reusable and
everything very very praising him but
then separately um Elon was asked to
some event about Trump and he said this
uh Elon said about Trump he goes quote
he does call me out of the blue for no
reason he's very nice when he calls I
think a lot of his friends now have
Teslas he's a huge fan of the Cyber
truck now as I saw cernovich comment on
that that it's sort of a trump
superpower that he will call people and
he he works the Rolodex as as Mike said
uh that he does this thing where he just
connects to people that were good to
connect to I can tell you from personal
experience that once he personally
connects with you for
anything it's very person
persuasive so any personal contact no
matter how
minimal just bonds you to him because
he's so important when he uses his time
to give you a little bit of it that has
such an impact because he's not a
regular person he's somebody who should
be you know doing important stuff so if
he takes one second to give you some
attention you changed forever and
apparently it's just part of his
lifelong process of sending people notes
long before he was president
George Bush Senior was famous for this
uh I saw a story once where every night
before bed he dash off a whole bunch of
private thank yous and you know just
nice to have you in my life and stuff
like that and people would wake up you
know in a few days and open the mail and
it would be George Bush you know even
even when he was a much lower level um
successful candidate you know from the
early days you just write thank you
notes now I have a I have a friend who
does the same thing and has been doing
it for years very effective uh and I can
tell you from my own experience um
several months ago when I
mentioned the idea of trump and the
building the cities from scratch which I
loved somebody printed that out and
showed it to Trump and then he signed it
and thanked me for thanked me for liking
the idea and then somebody mailed it to
me when you open your mail and you see a
personal message from somebody who had
recently been president and might again
it changes you right you can you can say
oh I'm objective but you can't be it's
just too powerful and I I feel it like I
feel like it's like a a weighted vest
that I wear oh I feel his influence on
me and that Personal Touch is just so
strong and I imagine that's the same
thing he's doing with Elon because he
likes everything that elon's doing many
of us do and he's just giving him a
touch and elon's feeling
it well you probably saw the video of
Biden at the G7 where he was wandering
away apparently from the group like he
was lost and then uh Italy's Prime
Minister had to kind of go get him and
turn him back toward the camera and
stuff I have two comments about that
number one is uh they're renaming the
GES G7 to the
g6.1 anybody anybody it's no longer the
G7 it's just
6.1 okay um but the second point about
uh G7 is I think there's a little bit of
a
rupar uh Video Edit
problem because when it looks like Biden
is just turned backwards to the rest of
them and and looking at nothing he's not
looking at
nothing there's something over there
outside of the camera's View and what I
think it is is there were people on all
sides um who were doing different things
and there were some of them were
interesting and he was looking at these
other people and then it was time to
take a group photo and he was still
looking at the other people and so they
said oh we'll get your attention we're
taking the photo now
so I'm not defending him he does look
like his brain is shot there's no about
that but I think the video made it look
worse and the reason I call this out is
not because I want him to win the
presidency again is because we need to
be better than the other
side we should be better than them in
some ways and I think calling out when
the video looks a little bit misleading
you know even if the main the main story
is still the same he he's lost his brain
everybody can see that but maybe a
little
misleading all
right uh the post millennial is
reporting that uh Biden's Ghost Writer
deleted all of the audio recordings of
his interviews with the president so
they could not be used as evidence by
the special
counsel why would
you delete your audio of the
president what exactly did he say that
could put him in
jail what how bad was
it was it because he was stumbling over
his words or did he actually say
something illegal that would change how
we understand
history well have I ever mentioned to
you that Democrats have a problem with
keeping any of their records or files
intact starting with Hillary you know
and her bleach bidding her server and
all that there's been this long history
of every time you need something from a
Democrat they can't find it won't give
it to you or they recently deleted
it how are we supposed to not notice
that after a while it's a pretty the the
trend is just so
obvious and I think they've just figured
out that you don't get in trouble for
deleting things but you could definitely
get in trouble for what that those
things are so it's just an obvious
choice we'll just delete them now let me
ask a second question
if you did a personal interview with
Biden who I think it was before he
became president then he became
president and you've got this terribly
important historical
document let's put him on the lie
detector did you really delete
it really you didn't keep a coffee you
don't have it on a thumb drive in a safe
deposit box because if you don't have it
on a thumb drive
where you gave it to your relative to
hold on to it or something you're a
idiot can I say this clearly it's one
thing to say you deleted it and maybe
that's smart so nobody can get it but to
actually delete it to actually not keep
a copy of a of a long form hours of
interview with a guy who became
president one of the most historically
relevant documents or a
of all time and he just got rid of all
the
copies no that didn't happen people I'm
sorry nobody in that situation gets rid
of all the copies didn't
happen I I feel confident in saying
somebody's got a thumb
drive all right um kim.com is telling us
that open AI just hired a new person for
the well if you call it hired but but
they're on the board of
directors and it was the same person who
was in charge of mass surveillance at
the
NSA
oh well that's exactly what you thought
it
was remember I told you that if the uh
if the intelligence entities of the
United States have not already captured
the big AI companies maybe grock will be
different we hope but certainly open Ai
and certainly Google
Gemini I think you can count on them
being completely captured and the reason
is they have
to they can and they have
to would you agree the two statements
that guarantee it they have the ability
and they really have to it's basically
their job their job is to make sure
Americans don't get wrong information
wrong information quotequote and they've
been doing it for decades they're not
going to stop doing it it's within their
probably within their scope of course
they're doing it and maybe it's exactly
what it looks like they put their own
people on the board and that's how they
control things now if it went any other
way I'd be amazed and a little bit
disappointed because the AI stuff is
dangerous if if the people who manage
risk for the United States are
intelligence people if they're not
embedded by now they're just not doing
their job honestly so I have mixed
feelings about it on one hand I'm like
oo this seems terrible getting the the
bad people in charge of our good things
on the other hand I think it really is
an existential threat it really is so
you need you need some kind of adults
watching it pretty
carefully you one could also imagine
that there was some dealing and I don't
have any information about this but just
common sense that there must be a big
push for uh
regulations on the AI companies it could
be the open AI negotiated so how about
less regulation but we'll put one of
your trusted people on the
board and you know later we can talk
about regulation but it's too soon you
know America needs to move fast so we
don't get lapped which is a good
argument by the way the best argument
for moving fast on AI instead of moving
safely is that the our adversaries will
move fast and the only thing will
protect you from their
AI is our AI so yes move I'm on the move
fast and risk civilization versus move
slow and guarantee you lose civilization
those are your two
choices um China and India are building
tons of nuclear facilities the United
States is uh far far less but at least
we're moving in the right direction why
is it that China in India are building
nuclear like crazy but the United States
is sort of a late getting a late start
and massive
buildup well now we know uh James
Carville told us it's preachy women and
it turns out that when you uh look at
the difference in support between male
and female in the United States for
nuclear power men are very much for it
clear clear strong majority women are
completely against it not completely but
they're against it by a big
majority so women are preventing us from
having a nuclear energy
program that will put us at Great
security risk because it'll hurt our
economy and within an economy you don't
have a National Defense here again I
remind you because I'm cancelled so I
can say the things you can't say you
can't put women in charge of National
Defense collectively that you know
individual women might be the best you
ever had you know Margaret with Thatcher
you know you you can name 10 women who
would be great but you can't use the
opinion of women collectively on a
national security issue they they might
be more in favor of open
borders bad idea they might be more in
for in favor of solar and letting
nuclear you know sort of rot in the
background bad idea here's something
that every man knows when they're born I
think we're just it's just an instinct
that you can't have a military unless
you have an economy you can't have an
economy unless you have energy and we
don't have enough energy connect the
dots our entire situation is going to
fall apart unless we're massively
aggressive in nuclear because there's
nothing else that looks like it's going
to get us to the energy State we need
because AI especially will just be
sucking up energy like
crazy so yes carlu is right it's preachy
women preventing us because of you know
because public opinion does sway these
things and that's why we have such a
late
start it's women now if you're new to my
program and that sounded sexist to you
let me balance it out by saying I'm the
only person who has this opinion of
abortion as far as I know I've never met
another person my opinion is that women
should take the lead on that because
they have the most skin in the game and
there no right answer now you say but
there is a right answer you don't kill
babies and the other side says but there
is a right answer you can't take Freedom
away from the woman's bodily autonomy to
which I say that's my point you both
think you have an answer and it's the
right answer and it's never going to
change so when you have a situation that
you can't get agreement you have to take
one step back and get the thing you can
get which is a credible
system a credible system would be a set
of laws that women in general were
overwhelmingly in favor of even if you
don't like it whichever way that goes so
it might go different ways in different
states but credibility requires the
people were skinning the game the people
were most capable the people who have
the most you know direct Knowledge from
an experiential level what's going on
plus doctors right we can throw in a few
experts that's fine but basically women
need to figure this out and just tell
the rest of us what it's going to be
likewise for National Defense ladies
shut the up Let the men handle it
you're everything up you're
destroying the whole country right stay
out of the things you're not good at
again this is not every woman plenty of
women would be the best you know the
best at National Security but you can't
take the the group opinion they're not
qualified for defense they're not built
that way they didn't they didn't evolve
to have an instinct for defense you
don't believe it walk into a
room right talk to your man why do you
think men think about Rome all the time
do you know why do you know why we think
about Rome all the time because it's
relevant to
defense that's why you walk into a room
you're looking for the exit the windows
you're looking for the most dangerous
person in the room you're looking for
your
allies you're looking around the room
and you're saying all right when the F
fight breaks out who who's going to be
on my
side that's built into us right nobody
had to teach us that that's just male
Behavior we are
instinctively security
oriented so you should take the the bulk
of male opinion not any individual male
because any individual could be an idiot
but the bulk of our opinion is going to
be the better answer for National
Security every time
all right um Thomas Massie had some uh
clever things to
say as he often does so he was talking
about um you probably know that there's
a $17 million hush fund for paying off
uh sexual sexual claims against people
in
Congress I think it's funny that they
just have a budget for paying off women
usually who are making claims against
the men for terrible
behavior um but he points out that
wouldn't that hush money payment be
considered campaign Finance because
what's the difference between that and
what Trump was doing with the hush money
for stormmy in both cases it's
money that's being spent so that a
politician would look better to the uh
the voters so aren't they both a
campaign VI contribution if one is why
isn't the other and they've already
ruled that one
is
and it looks like they were talking to
fe's former FC commissioner Trey trainer
and he points out that uh that would be
it was a weird connection to even
imagine that Trump had a any kind of
campaign violation in other words Bragg
just sort of came up with a a theory
that the election
people uh the Fe people would would say
not so much but the legal system is a
different system so they get to kind of
have their own
standard until it gets reversed I think
it'll get
reversed um so that's the first good
point and then uh Missouri attorney
general Andrew
Bailey um said it'll likely be
overturned you know the Trump conviction
on that election or the election
interference stuff or the campaign stuff
then
uh then Massie points out the irony here
is that uh that stormmy Daniel's
trial was all about trying to influence
the
election
and by having the
trial they influenced the election so in
other words it was a trial about
election
interference in which the trial about
the election interference interference
was unambiguously election
interference and I don't think anybody I
just like the way he kind of summed it
up so yes Thomas Massie Being the adult
in the room oh once
again meanwhile
uh
Putin has offered that he would do an
immediate
ceasefire with Ukraine um and all he's
asking is that they withdraw their
troops from the four regions that Moscow
annexed I don't know how much property
Australia has in those regions actually
if it's a lot or a little I'm not
sure uh but they would also have to re
anounced plans to join NATO what did
Ukraine say about that of course it's a
non-starter so here's the questions that
I asked chat GPT give me a fact check
and see if this sounds right um in my
view the United States is a pirate ship
you know a criminal Enterprise and maybe
always has been and that what we're
trying to do is buy a country for
cheap so we've got Le let's just round
off $200 billion so far to defend
Ukraine and you know get ready to
rebuild it and I thought to myself is
200
billion
cheap because when we're done we're
going to have a controlled State and
it's a big
one right the whole idea is that the
reason the CIA did the thing is so we
can control it there there was not a CIA
Le revolution in Ukraine so that when
we're done the ukrainians could elect
their own leader and have their own
destiny that didn't happen no we just
overthrew Ukraine you all know that
right the United States just overthrew a
sovereign country
and we're making it look like Putin fa
everybody knows that's what really
happened
right so the question I asked myself was
if we judge us not as a country you know
like a republic or all that and
we and we're realistic and say all right
if you're going to be a criminal
Enterprise and it looks like that's not
going to change right away are you at
least doing that well are you at least
being a good criminal and so I wondered
is 200 billion a lot to
spend if you ended up with a
resourcer country that we' have bases in
and we could do all kinds of stuff we
can't do in America and we can threaten
we can threaten Russia and decrease
their ability to sell their energy so we
get you know en we get defense benefits
allegedly and I was I wondered I wanted
to compare it to the Louisiana
Purchase you know another time when we
we bought some
land and in today's
dollars the entire Louisiana Purchase
you know that center of the
country would only be $3.5
billion but I wouldn't say that's a
direct comparison to the $200 billion in
Ukraine because
uh you know it wasn't that populated at
least with non-native Americans and
uh and made a great deal it was a really
good deal everybody
agrees and then I asked what was the GDP
of Ukraine before The Invasion now the
current GDP of course is in the toilet
but it was 200
billion so roughly speaking very rounded
numbers the amount America has put into
Ukraine is equal to one year of their
entire
GDP which actually sounds cheap
doesn't it is there anybody here who's
good at good at
economics if I told you we could buy a
country that had a $200 $200 billion
GDP and we'd only pay 200 billion would
that be a good deal now of course it
would take a decade to get it back to a
strong
GDP so you'd have to You' probably get
end another 100 billion in there at
least so maybe it's 300 billion or 400
billion
to have complete control or functional
control of a country with a $200 billion
GDP and and and also the owner of all
just immense amount of pipelines that
reach into other parts of
Europe it might actually be worth it
yeah so I'm not going to say I'm in
favor of what we're doing in Ukraine
that's a whole different question but I
wondered if we're at least being good
criminals and
there's an argument that we are that
we're good
criminals now again I'm not praising
them or saying we should be doing what
we're doing I would rather just make
peace right away and get the hell out of
there but the fact is that we have
successfully conquered a major country I
don't think we're giving it
back and it has immense strategic value
as long as uh Putin doesn't nuke us
but here's the conditions upon which I
would agree with
Putin and work on a deal and it goes
like this if they make an offer and they
say we'll give you a ceasefire but you
got to you know let us keep the parts we
wanted which are mostly Russian speaking
and mostly wanted how could you make
that
work here's how I do it if I wanted
piece I would first of all say your
offer is too
small I would say I don't want to have a
deal just about these disputed
territories and just about NATO we need
like a big forever comprehensive deal
about what is Russia to the United
States in the future are we still
enemies because if we're not going to
negotiate being enemies in
general I'm not sure we need to give
Ukraine back right if the agreement is
that even after you negotiate it you're
still some kind of you know still trying
to put Russia out of
business why don't we just do something
bigger something much bigger in which we
say look we can't let you have you know
running wild and doing anything you
want but we don't have a problem with
you living a good life and selling your
stuff into a warm water
Port just here's what we
need don't build a battleship and put it
in our water
[Music]
um do a nuclear
agreement um make some kind of deal
about trade make some kind of deal about
what they would or would not do with
China so a trump deal presumably would
say you're thinking too small we need to
get much bigger on what this looks like
we we need to make an agreement about
with space we need to make an agreement
about the U the melting you know the ice
in the North where the passageways will
open that's going to be a big war zone
but we should make the big deal so the
opportunity is not for the small
deal the opportunity is for the big deal
I'm
talking
um Abrams Accord size where just out of
nowhere you think you know what how
about a gigantic comprehensive
multicountry agreement that you never
saw
coming I think Trump could do it because
he's a he's a
utilitarian right Trump is not Uh
Russian must die no matter what and a
lot of the government is that or we
we've got to take over Russia no matter
what that's not Trump he could just say
all right what's real what's not real
and how can we make a deal that's
comprehensive and Sol solves all of our
problems at the same
time because our biggest problem is that
we've decided that Russia is our
adversary
and maybe they've decided the same now
I'm not going to say we should trust
Russians but I don't think they should
trust us either so what you do is you
try your best to make a deal that
doesn't take too much trust you can just
observe whether it's working or not
something like that so um I don't see
any chance of us just making a deal and
and leaving
Ukraine um I think that we're going to
have to make the big
deal but part of the deal would be I
would say to Putin how about this we do
a real referendum in those disputed
territories and if we're happy that it
was a fair vote and they actually voted
to join Russia instead of
Ukraine it's okay and by the way why
wouldn't we be in favor of that why
would we want to keep any why would
Ukraine want to keep anything where the
people wanted to be in
Russia just because it's important
as
resources maybe maybe that's why all
right ladies and gentlemen that is the
conclusion of my prepared notes um thank
you for joining if you haven't seen my
book God's debris yet it's tearing up
the charts well it's not tearing up the
charts because it's a reissue of uh two
books plus a new um a new short story at
the end to wrap it all up
and uh if you look at the reviews
they're crazy and by the way I would say
this is the only book I know that was
written to give you a physical reaction
as the reader and I was just seeing a
message I really liked somebody who was
just talking about the book to someone
else and they got
chills just hearing somebody who read it
describing what the story was somebody
got chills now
that's because it's written as a
hypnotist and because the ideas are
interesting so it is written to give you
a physical experience and a lot of
people report it to me it won't be
everybody because that's not how
anything
works all
right did I miss any uh big
stories um I still need to get the audio
version done but it won't be done in the
next month I don't think
uh best place to buy it just get it from
Amazon that's but watch out for the
counterfeits there're a bunch of
counterfeits selling uh used copies of
the original books this is not the new
book every part of Ukraine voted more
than 50% to leave
Russia I don't believe that's
true um I don't believe that's true I I
believe that some of the occup
territories voted for CH for Russia but
I also don't believe that they held any
kind of fair election on that so I'm
kind of in the don't believe any data
phase yeah we talked about Trump and
Jake
Paul um and once again Trump is
accurately um he he's actually reading
the public
something about
marijuana top cannabis Market oh
Michigan overtook that's interesting
overtook California as the top weed
Market they voted that way yeah that's
right
exactly all right um what's
happening
today there are enough Goods books left
they can do it
okay just looking at some of
your uh that's a good question if
you're if Amazon says you're not going
to get the book till December that is a
mistake and by the way my books always
feature a
mistake so since I was doing independent
publishing there's always a
mistake that they just just can't work
out and what it does is it keeps it from
hitting a bestseller list because if all
the books sort of hit at the same time
um they would do much
better people don't like to buy a book
if it says it's not going to be
available for six months but that is a
glitch it actually is available like
next week if you order it today it'll
ship and be there by next week so I
don't know the answer to the question
should you cancel it and reorder my
guest guess is you don't have to but
that's only an educated guess I would
probably wait a week if you can wait i'
just wait a week or two and see if it
shows up and if it doesn't show up in
two weeks definitely cancel it and
reorder it that's what I would
do if you can wait two
weeks all right um people on Rumble and
YouTube and X thanks for joining I will
see you
tomorrow and
uh I'm going to say say something to the
uh folks on
um on locals all right bye for
now all right locals coming at
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e