hey everybody come on in this will be
one of the most valuable know coffees
with Scott Adams that you've ever had
top three perhaps best yeah probably one
of the top three and I don't I don't
mean to oversell it but today you can
learn how to get a raise out of your
stingy boss skills that could be useful
in a variety of places doctor hypno well
you came to the right place I have the
strangest bunch of viewers I love you
all all right let's talk about the news
first let me catch you up with what's
happened since the last time I saw you
the president has indeed signed an
executive order telling you is various
organs of the government to look into
social media and their their alleged
bias find out what's going on later does
their check choking off democracy is the
argument now isn't that going to be
interesting because one wonders what
kind of investigative powers the organs
of the government will have what what
does that look like exactly what does it
look like when the government needs to
look into your your business to find out
if you've done anything that would
create bias how much can they ask about
can they look at all your code can they
look at your records talk to all your
employees what's that look like
I have many questions but I guarantee
this is going to be a pretty big story
for a while
and I don't know exactly how it's all
gonna shake out it seems to me if the
big social media companies get
designated as publishers because they
just can't help
selves and they have to have to put a
little editorial something on there if
it turns out that's the way goes then
they end up getting sued and maybe they
can afford it
maybe maybe that's fine you know maybe
every time they do something that's a
little over the line maybe they maybe
there's a lawsuit but it's not a big
deal with me you know given the size of
the corporations so maybe that's you
helped some people who would be the
beneficiaries but I don't know doesn't
seem like the best world does it the
best world would be somehow you know
everybody had freedom but at the same
time nobody was being bamboozled by bad
information and if anybody can figure
out and do that well well you should do
that so we'll be watching that story all
right so bored news from the fake race
war that's are raging in Minnesota I
call it a fake race war because it's the
weirdest thing but typically to have a
war you would need two sides but I don't
know anybody who's on the other side of
this you know latest police killing it's
not like there's any white people were
saying yeah that looked good to me have
you have your even one person say that
not even one person so to imagine that
this is a war sort of also imagine there
are two sides and we're so far past that
in fact we're so far past that that are
you having the same feeling that black
lives matter and anti-fur feel
antiquated I was feeling that for the
first time today meaning they don't
really feel like a 2020 sort of thing do
they it feels like something from a
prior time because the thing that's
different is a hundred percent of white
people looked at the video of this this
latest you know
insanely you know I already know what to
call it it was just so bad the video and
I'll have it we everybody had the same
opinion now here's the interesting part
the very interesting part so the so
President Trump got the Justice
Department and Attorney General bar to
seven defense in to look into this just
to make really really sure that justice
is done here because the whole country
is watching and so from a political
perspective that was pretty smart I
assume most presidents would have done
the same
I don't know feels like they would have
but just the fact that the president the
president Trump is the one who happens
to be President and he did what I think
a lot of people would assume was the
right thing I don't even know if there's
any encounter argument to it really and
and so I think this ends up working in
the president's favor in a weird way
because the president unambiguously took
the side of the protesters and guess
what we were all the protesters this
time I mean I say you're at home
comfortably in my social isolation but
there's nobody who looked at this and
said that looks okay to me let's just
just go
business as usual so I think this is
gonna turn into weirdly may be minor win
for the president just because he acted
decisively in the way that everybody
wanted now the looters of course I I
think have nothing to do with race that
has everything to do with televisions
and summer being cooped up for the you
know social isolation opportunity people
following the herd you know a few bad
apples I guess we're more than a few bad
apples so I wouldn't say any of that to
do with race that wanted to do with
merchandise I think but I had a great
idea for the Target stores
I think target should go in maybe today
and see what's still left in the store
because whatever is still left in target
is stuff that nobody even wanted to
steal
I think target needs to know that to
maybe adjust their offerings so it could
be something good that comes out of it
whatever is still laying there on the
floor you don't need to reorder that I'm
also wondering because I like to put the
best spin on everything so here's the
best possible spin when you saw the the
Target store stuff didn't you say to
yourself a civilization is breaking down
right there's always that temptation
it's gonna be more like this it's gonna
be one of these after another but I've
got a contrarian opinion there were so
many cameras there this might be the
last one of these I have a feeling there
were so many cameras not just the
security cameras but personal cameras
viral videos YouTube and you can see the
people pretty clearly I've got a feeling
that this will turn into maybe the last
time anybody does it because the next
time everybody's gonna say how'd that
work out the last time and I don't know
if it's gonna work out too well for
people we'll see
so here's the here's the interesting
part of the so the federal guy I forget
what he goes prosecutor or investigator
or whatever he is was saying that
there's exculpatory
there's exculpatory evidence that hasn't
been introduced to the public yet so
I'll tell you there is nothing more
mind-bending than watching good lawyers
work on a case that you think is
open-and-shut
to watch them craft a new a new reality
that's as convincing as the one yet you
were absolutely positive was true and
it's already beginning now now that the
federal guy of course is not coming in
with an agenda but he's sort of told us
the you know the cat's on the roof you
know that that little hint that there
might be something down the road that
you're not so happy about because when
he said there's some exculpatory
evidence didn't you say to yourself like
for example what would that be but I
would point out to you that unless
you've seen something I haven't seen we
have video of before the instant you
know the actual the actual cause of
death we have video from before that but
not immediately before it meaning that
there's a gap in the video evidence that
the public is seen but I would guess
that by now the law enforcement this
even video from every angle from every
minute in all likelihood so it could be
that there's something that would allow
the the police to make an argument this
is not me talking so don't jump on me
okay this is not me I'm just saying that
there's always gonna be two sides of any
of these court cases and if there's
anything in the missing video that could
be interpreted as resisting arrest then
it's a jump ball it's a jump ball
because there's no question that what
the officer did was the wrong thing and
it caused death and you know we could
all agree that that shouldn't have
happened
and and we can't even explain it
but if the defense is incompetence
it's not that hard to get at least one
jurist to believe that you're an idiot
is it how hard is it to convince
somebody that you're not a racist you're
actually just dumb and you you did
something that any anybody was observing
what I thought was a terrible idea but
you didn't you were just dumb now you
say to yourself wait a minute being dumb
that can't be that can't be an excuse
can't it why can't it be good why can't
it be I think it would still be some
kind of a crime I'm not a lawyer but you
could certainly take out the intention
part of it I mean you don't think that
they would be able to mount a defense
that took out the intention I think they
could so so I think that at most is
going to look like an accident an
accident that they should have known to
avoid and therefore they would have some
responsibility I don't know what that
would look like but you could easily
imagine them saying you know honestly I
was just I had a bad day I was stupid
wasn't thinking it's just stupid you
know it wasn't it didn't help me good
yeah mad yeah I guess manslaughter would
be the right term for him so but imagine
you had to be the officer and you were
arguing the case how hard would it be to
argue that honestly I'm just an idiot
I mean I really didn't realize what I
was doing I guess I guess I thought I
had my knee somewhere else I thought he
was complaining like everybody complains
and the next thing you know are you
gonna convince 12 jurors that that guy's
not an idiot I know so if you have to
look down the you know into the future I
no longer would say it's a slam dunk but
it looked the same yeah it looked the
same to me instead did to most of you I
assume it just it looked like the worst
possible thing that could ever look
like anything but there is some good
news I don't know if you saw it but
Madonna is trending she just tweeted she
tweeted in honor and to pay tribute to
acts of racism and discrimination now
doesn't sound like I I misread that let
me read it again and let me ask you if
you think I misread it
then Madonna tweeted to honor and well
her son did a dance and that was the
purpose of the tweet so her son today
that's apparently he's pretty good at
dancing and she said it was to honor and
pay tribute to acts of racism and
discrimination now she actually did say
that but I don't think she meant that
she did say it but I don't think she
meant it here's what I think she meant
because there's a part I cleverly left
out so it's a it's a sentence as a
little more complexity to it so she's
saying that her son is dancing to honor
and pay tribute to George the the
gentleman who died and his family and
all acts of racism and discrimination
and I'm thinking those are not really a
list George his family acts of racism
and discrimination are not really old
those are not the same things those
don't belong in the list so the
modifiers that they're honoring and
paying tribute to all the things on that
list well I'm just saying that Madonna
you should have thought of it thought it
through a little bit on the plus side
her son dances really well so are you
ready for a microt lesson on how to get
a raise I think you are so now we begin
our lesson on how to get raised
first let me tell you about one of many
career strategies that you might choose
now everybody's different every
situation is unique but here's just an
example of a good career path that would
be both rewarding in terms of having
meaning and likely statistically likely
to work out for you which is that when
you're young you work for a boss and you
work for a salary but you don't really
work for money you work to pay the bills
and to survive while you are building
your talent stack so the idea of your
first job if you do it right the idea is
to figure out having it a job that
teaches you the most valuable sets of
skills if you can only get one skill out
of the job you're in consider changing
jobs or consider learning things things
on your own but you should always if
you're working for a salary you should
always also be adding to your skill set
your skill set once you have your skills
that gives you lots of options to work
for yourself working for yourself is a
much better life and that if you do that
right and everything works out then you
can start working for the benefit of
others so this would be an example of a
rewarding life that you would feel
meaning at every step this first step
feels like is devoid of meaning you're
just working for a salary you're an
hourly worker over the boss maybe you
have a cubicle maybe you don't but
you're sort of a drone the way to give
meaning to that is to make sure that
you're learning at the same time it's
almost impossible to be learning useful
things and also not having a feeling of
meaning in your life so it's almost
automatic because you can feel yourself
on this path and that will always feel
right all right now let's say you've got
yourself a job and you want to get a
raise
I put together some of my best and/or
least obvious and suggestions now
there's there's probably a set of
obvious stuff that you should do that
I'll just leave out because they're
obvious but I thought I'd break it down
this way you your negotiation for a
raise
does not start the moment you're talking
to your boss and saying can I have a
raise if you wait until then you've
waited too long you've done it all wrong
all right you've got to start laying the
groundwork all the time so your job is
either to get a better job or to get a
raise into our promotion so you should
think of your job as giving a better job
either within the company or somewhere
else that's a good mindset because then
you're just always looking for the next
opportunity be it within the company or
without so here are some of the things
you should do in your job to set the
stage exaggerate your value do you think
I'm kidding not even a little bit if you
don't exaggerate your value you will be
at a disadvantage to your co-workers who
will because it's pretty common for
people to exaggerate their value and of
course the way you do that is to talk
about how you've worked all night you've
worked all weekend you solve the problem
that nobody could solve there's the
there's the three task forces you're on
you're working so hard and you you know
you're doing things that nobody could
have done before and saving thousands of
dollars if not millions and you just
sort of keep drip drip drip you tell
your co-workers and you tell your boss
in every way you can in every
opportunity you have but make it look
natural just make it look like
conversation it's the most common way
that employees see the environment with
some notion of of their value because
the truth is most people can't watch you
work most most jobs are done in semi
isolation the boss isn't watching you
work
most of the time so the only thing they
know about you unless you make big
mistakes then they know that usually the
only thing they know about you is big
accomplishments which are rare and what
they directly see and then what you tell
them so you want to start working on
them telling them you're valuable that
you're doing things you're accomplishing
things of course I'm going to skip down
to backstabbing your co-workers now I
say that in the funny way but the the
more persuasion language way to say that
is you want to set up a contrast if if
you're going to make the case that
you're the valuable person in your and
you're you're part of the company it's
also sometimes helpful to make the case
that the other people are a little bit
less valuable now you might say to
yourself Scott is that ethical I would
say no I'd say no but I'm giving you a
lesson on persuasion and you know there
may be situations where you are in fact
better than the other people in your
department if that's true and it would
help you to tell your boss you know
Wally not so good Dilbert not having a
good year me I'm killing it it wouldn't
kill you to let it be known that you're
doing better than the other employees
now be careful with this make your own
moral and ethical judgments but if it's
true it's also valid if it's not true
well then you're just a liar and you
have to live with that
but it might still work build your
talent stack there is nothing more
impressive to a boss than somebody who
is adding talents that are relevant to
the job in an ongoing fashion if you
ever have an employee who is very
dedicated about ok I know this much in
this next month I'm going to add this
thing and I'm gonna take this class and
I'm you know I'm learning these things
I'm volunteering to work in another
group to cross-train
if you get an employee like that
every bosses you know desire they want
that employee so if you can establish
that you're one of those people who is
building your talent stack
well you're priming your boss for the
the thought that you're worth more you
want to look sharp because we are a
visual or visual creatures so I would
love to tell you that the way you look
doesn't affect anything does the effect
your job performance the way you look
well probably doesn't affect your job
performance but it might affect your
raise because your boss is a visual
person because we're all visual people
so if you're looking for the the most
important elements of persuasion visual
is always in the top three
you know only fear and you know maybe
baby one other wouldn't be up there
you've got to get the visual right so
you got a look like you're the serious
employee that you want to be you know
that they say dress for the job you know
your boss's job or the job above you
know the job that you want and I would
say that's approximately true but in
generally in general you want to just
dress better than other people if you
can that includes your fitness your your
hairstyle just your basic fashion
choices you look if you think that stuff
doesn't matter you're living in a dream
world now you don't have to be a
beautiful person I'm not saying that you
don't have to be young you don't have to
be anything in particular you just want
to be the better version of whatever you
are all right you want to be
irreplaceable I put irreplaceable in
quotes because nobody's irreplaceable
but you can often convince people that
you are it's the weirdest thing we all
know that nobody is irreplaceable
but how many times have you worked
someplace where somebody was described
as irreplaceable what that really means
is that it would be a huge pain to
figure out how to you know do things if
this person laughs but you do it I mean
you know it always works there rarely
does a company just disappear because a
key employee left so if you can create
the impression
that you're irreplaceable that can go a
long way toward getting that raise again
these are all the things that you're
doing way ahead of time so you know this
is months months and months before you
even asked for a raise you make sure
you're setting the table this way so in
terms of being irreplaceable if you can
find something to volunteer for if you
don't already have something that you're
irreplaceable that volunteer for
something that makes you irreplaceable
find some function this that's you're
the only one who knows how to do it then
I did some googling to confirm what I
suspected was true I'm not sure there's
science behind this there's enough
science to suggest that this is true and
that is that morning meetings to ask for
a raise are going to be more effective
than afternoon the thinking behind that
is that people can make decisions in the
morning and they're not so good at
making decisions in the afternoon and
what you don't want this for them to say
I'll get back to you if you can nail
them down to the decision that's best or
at least get them to commit to looking
into it because often the boss has to
you know check the budget and stuff but
you can get maybe at least a mental
decision before they verbally tell you
they've decided you can mentally commit
them so pick the morning in terms of the
days of the week I would say Tuesday or
Wednesday when I googled it I saw some
experts saying earlier in the week is
better but I would stay away from Monday
Monday is a day when everybody's
distracted and a little bit overworked
and stressed Tuesday Wednesday people
have sort of hit their their peak and
they're not yet thinking about the
weekend so Tuesday Wednesday in the
morning and scheduled it it's very
important that you schedule it and
experts also tell you to schedule it as
the only topic don't throw in at the end
of the meeting yeah you know yeah it's
like a radio that'd be good don't do
that you schedule the meeting so you
make sure that it's on the day of the
week you want and the time that you want
and it's the only topic and you tell
your boss that's what
because because they get to think about
it for a while oh if you make them think
about it for a week you're gonna get a
better result than if it's the first
time they've ever thought of it there's
something about just thinking about an
idea that gets you used to it is there's
nothing but time and an exposure to an
idea that makes you more comfortable
with it it works every time all the time
you can get somebody used to anything
eventually all right
and then you might want to pre suede
this is a term borrowed from the book
pre suasion by Robert Jill Dini
they follow a book to influence his
best-selling book on how to influence
now I would read both of those books if
you're serious about getting a raise you
should read my book win big Lee you
should read you should read influenced
by Chiellini and also pre suasion now
pre suasion teaches that there are some
exposures to ideas thoughts sounds it
cetera that will predispose somebody to
make a certain kind of decision and what
is interesting about it is that the pre
suasion can be in a completely different
domain than the thing you're you're
trying to persuade it so here's what is
not pre suasion hey Bob you know uh you
know I hear a lot of people get raises a
lot of other people getting raises you
know that would be too obvious because
that's the same topic that you're trying
to persuade on which is getting raised
instead persuasion might want to simply
put the target of your persuasion your
boss in the mood to be generous or the
mood to be a hero whichever you think is
the is the more operative thing for your
boss so you might tell a story about
somebody who is just generous and it has
nothing to do with your your meeting
your race it's just the last thing that
you talk to your boss about before the
next time you sees you and now you're
asking for a raise and maybe a triggers
in the
bosses mind that story that just
recently you told them about a great act
of generosity which was just an
interesting story you saw in the news
now that would be initiative that would
be a case of pre suasion would that
exact thing work don't know the only way
you could know when persuasion is
working is sort of testing it alright
and if you're if you're just trying to
priests wait in the wild the best you
can do is take them I would say informed
guesses about what would make sense
because you tried to get your boss in a
mood
just a mood so if the mood you want your
boss to be in is generosity a story of
unrelated generosity will get the job
done now each of these techniques by the
way is only going to move the needle say
2% just for discussion purposes but
there are a lot of them if you get
everything right that's a lot of two
percents and suddenly your odds of
getting raised or looking pretty good
alright here are the things that you
need to know so in order to persuade
effectively it's very important that you
have a good understanding of what the
other person is thinking and feeling and
you should also have the better sense of
who you are and what you're worth if you
get those things right you will persuade
better the first thing you need to know
is that it's always okay to ask for a
raise
bosses expect people to ask for raises
it's pretty routine if your boss fired
you or pain will penalize you for asking
for a raise it's good to know that as
soon as possible and then get the hell
out of that company any boss who
penalizes you for stating what you think
you're worth and bringing it up if you
get penalized for that okay you need a
new company you need a new boss and you
need a right away you can get out of
there just as fast as you can for any
normal situation and certainly
especially for a large company where
there's a lot of professional managers
you know things get dicey ER as you can
down to the you know the level let's say
a family business there's more emotion
involved there but it
if you're if you're dealing with a
sizable professional company you can ask
for a raise
that's just part of the rules you can
ask for anything you want so know that
it's okay to ask and in fact any
professional manager is going to respect
you for knowing what you're worth
they'll actually have more respect for
you even if they don't give you the
raise does you know maybe there's a
budget constraint who knows but they
will respect you more for asking than
for not asking once you know that it
makes it easier to ask because there's
no downside
you either gain some respect or you gain
some respect and arrays or you gain some
respect and not arrays now but you're
sort of the next one in line when when
the situation is better there's
literally no downside because like I
said if this ever did cause the downside
if you're working for a company that bad
or a boss that bad get out of there
the sooner you do that the better next
thing to know is that everyone is
bluffing meaning that in the business
world especially not just in terms of
negotiating because there's some
bluffing there too but in terms of
acting confident acting like they know
what they're doing acting like they're
worth arrays acting like they're capable
of doing their job everybody's sort of
acting all the time the moment you
learned that you're not the one who's
acting you're not the only one then
you're free you're free to continue
acting because the act is actually you
know a necessary part of the social and
business dance so once you can recognize
that as sort of a ceremonial you know
agreed-upon way that people act it's not
anybody being you know phony perhaps
yeah you could say that it's phony
because it is but it's also an
acceptable understood level of faux
dienes that becomes almost a language of
business so don't be shy about speaking
the language of business which is acting
a little
you may be a little bit more than you
are a little more professional than you
feel that sort of thing so just be
comfortable with the fact that
everybody's acting and then you can do
it too and you'll feel more comfortable
when you're doing it make sure you have
options that's what the talent stack
does it doesn't hurt if you've looked
around a little bit you know maybe maybe
your boss knows you've you you took a
long lunch last week maybe maybe you
left a resume on the printer now don't
do that oh I I forgot one one other tip
which is to have a wing person a wing
person is somebody else that you've sort
of deputized to say good things to your
to your boss or even to your co-workers
to build your reputation I've actually
seen this work really really well so if
you don't have a wing person somebody
who is just talking good things about
you behind your back
see if you can get one because if you
have somebody else saying good things
behind your back that Carey is way more
weight than your own bragging
it just feels like it's more true
because they came from some other person
so get yourself a wing person maybe you
can work with each other and be each
other's wingmen
very powerful persuasion to have other
people talking for you all right so here
are some basic persuasion steps you want
to use pacing pacing is the idea that
you match your boss in some way you
agree with your boss whatever is saying
to begin with you you you maybe you
dress as professional as your boss you
sit like your boss your postures like
your boss maybe you're just like your
boss your laughs like your boss maybe
you use the same kind of language and
approach the same vibe as your boss in
other words find as many things as you
can that you can effortlessly and
naturally imitate that's what pacing is
because once you're imitating somebody
then you have at least the possibility
of leaving them because they become
comfortable with you you become
synchronized and then you can take them
to where you want them to go be
irrational it's one of the best
of negotiating if you are known to be
rational on the subject of the
negotiation
what will the other person do the other
person will never give up tell you all
the rational reasons why you should take
less you know have you know settle for
Less put up with whatever what you
already have be happy with what you have
etc as soon as you are identified as a
rational person then you've also
identified as the person who's going to
lose the negotiation by contrast
compared to this I need to you take care
of my family I've got a special-needs
child I've got my you know my cost of
all going up and I've looked around and
I know that I could make a lot more
money at a at another company but
honestly I looked around and I saw that
other people are making more than me and
I see what they contribute and it just
makes me crazy and I don't think I could
work at a company like this now what I
just had is purely emotional just you
know it's just just emotional but how
does your boss make that go away the
only way your boss can make that go away
is by giving you the raise so that's why
it works as long as you're acting
rational your boss will keep giving you
reasons why you should be happy the way
you are the moment you show that reasons
don't work because you've got an
emotional investment it's either you're
taking care of somebody you know you you
can't be happy with how you're treated
that sort of thing then there's just
nothing you can do as a boss but give
the raise that's your one chance now
your boss the other thing you should
know is your boss is always going to
prefer keeping a good employee over
replacing the employee just to save 5%
or 10% or whatever you're asking for so
they're always going to be biased toward
giving you the raise because the
alternative if they believe you're gonna
leave yeah you have to have a credible
threat of leaving but if they believe
that's the risk they really don't want
that that's very expensive they would
rather pay a little
extra to keep you so make sure your boss
knows you have options it's also good to
be specific and confident if you are
confident in what you're asking and
specific you've given your boss
something to say yes or no to you want
to boil the decision down to the
simplest yes/no so you come in and you
say boss I've been earning $85,000 a
year I've been looking around I've added
these three skills I've taken on this
job I think you know I can make 120
across the street for the competitor but
that's the last thing I want to do and I
don't want to leave I like this place
but I really need to know that this is
the best place for me and if you could
give me a hundred and twenty thousand I
would not look I would just say you know
you got me that's that's a fair deal
so that's my request can you give me a
hundred twenty thousand a year and say
that confidently now the confident part
has two variables to it one is if you
say that you're you're worth this
confidently then it sounds believable
because you said it confidently if you
said it with some you know let's say
hesitation it's like you know I could be
worth I don't know as much as 120 under
20,000 you know if you say it that way
then what's your boss gonna think well
if you're not sure if you're not sure
why should I be sure so confidence not
only shows that you're a more capable
employee because anybody who looks
confident and can ask for a raise is
going to be a competent employee that's
a good sign you could probably do a lot
of other things because there aren't
that many people who can confidently
walk in and make a case for a raise and
sell it if you walk in make the case and
sell it you're you're gonna be a
superstar your boss is gonna say you
know you made the sale there's nothing
more impressive to a boss than
convincing the boss of something
even if it's just something for you a
raise all right here's another thing you
could do use a proxy in other words send
another person to ask for your raise for
you hold on you're saying in what in
what world can you send somebody else to
ask for a raise for you a couple that I
can think of number one is you've got
your winged person that I mentioned and
the winged person can go to the boss and
say you know I think you're gonna lose
you're gonna lose Alice unless you give
her a raise I don't think she's happy
she's doing the work of three people you
know I think you really should just give
her a raise so that might not close the
deal but you can certainly if you have a
strong enough of winged person who might
be listening friends with the boss that
would help send somebody else that
probably wouldn't work but here's
something they might suppose let's say
you're a woman and you found out that
you earn less than the men in your
department who are doing the same job a
fairly common situation right now
forgiving for the for the moment let's
forget about why it doesn't matter if
it's because you have less experience
doesn't matter if it's because of sexism
what matters is it's gonna look like
sexism so here's one of the things you
could do this won't work very often
right I'm just giving you a full you
know full canvas of the options you can
actually convince a male coworker to go
get you a raise for you so that he
doesn't have to work he doesn't have to
deal with the fact that that you're
underpaid and it doesn't make sense you
could probably talk your coworker into
getting you a raise if there's a reason
and there is this there's an injustice
here or it looks like one which is good
enough and people like to fix and
justices almost every company has
somebody who wants to fix an injustice
if you happen to know something like
that maybe you can send them so those
are all your options obviously the best
choice is to do this all yourself the
strongest play is to walk
and be confident know exactly what you
want pick the right time of day
set the table have a lot of options have
a lot of talent pace your boss be a
little bit of rational pull it all
together and take a shot at it what
happens if it doesn't work if it doesn't
work you still win but a little bit less
if you ask your boss for a raise and it
just goes south now let's say it's a
boss who's not gonna fire you or
anything they just didn't give you the
raise you still have the experience of
you walked into your boss's office and
you asked for a raise
think how few people can do that if
you've done it once even if it didn't
work you're the you're the most
experienced person you know at doing
that
well my cats calling me so I think that
means we're done so this is your micro
lesson on how to get a raise
some of these some of these techniques
might generalize be ethical be moral
just because you have these powers don't
abuse them and that's all for today