good morning everybody how good it is to
see you is it nice to be appreciated in
the morning
well I'm appreciating all of you true
story so let's get to it we've got a lot
of problems to solve today systemic
racism
we've got breakaway nations in the
United States we've got economic
problems we've got stress but I'm here
to fix all of that and it won't be
difficult
once we prepare ourselves and all we
need is copper mug or a glass a tanker
gels our sign a canteen jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better
including coronavirus including racial
relations the economy even trade deals
it's called the simultaneous sip and it
happens now go mmm
so I just tweeted a video inside and
t-fal and i guess we're calling the
autonomous zone that they call chas
other people are calling anti flan and i
saw a video where they were having a
pickup game of dodgeball and let me ask
you how do you think a pickup game of
dodgeball turns out in a land in which
people don't like to have rules just
about the way you thought so that's
funny I just noticed that the
the main street in my town is gonna
close Main Street where all the
restaurants are most of them anyway
they're gonna close Main Street on
weekends so that the table seating can
extend into the streets not a bad idea
is it who came up with that idea
yes I did suggest that to the restaurant
owners through the one restaurant owner
that I know the best so I did suggest
that to him and he did say he was going
to talk to the town about it I don't
know if that's why I happened but I like
to think that one of the one of the best
things that came out of these crises
yeah you know it's it's way too early to
be looking for anything good news during
you know during the middle of a triple
crisis but it is true that we've we've
noticed this a number of times that
people became very flexible to a good
suggestion right didn't you see this
everywhere suddenly the entire world
became flexible to listen to a good idea
and if you had a good idea a week later
the law would change you saw with
telehealth and doctors being able to
practice across borders somebody comes
up with an idea hey let's change that
because it would help a lot with this
kovetz situation a week later there's an
executive order and the law of the land
is different you've never seen this
before you've never seen an ordinary
citizen say hey I got an idea
why don't we do X and then a week later
X is actually implemented I mean it's
kind of fun
in its own way there's something fun
about that I don't think that'll last
but certainly certainly an identifying
characteristic of this time there's
quite different how many of you saw my
appearance on dr. Carlson's show last
night raise your hands I can't see you
oh that's right I'm the only one
well I don't think I don't think my
answers on Tucker's show when exactly in
the direction he was expected I was
talking about Chazz that was the topic I
was asked to talk about and I was
unusually probably surprisingly
supportive of the the Chazz people and
I'm gonna I'm gonna continue to say that
now not ignoring all the cost of it I'm
not ignoring that you know I'm taking
full appreciation that there are victims
involved the people who live there and
have businesses there it's a gigantic
inconvenience and slash abusive you know
situation so none of that is minimized
but we're adults we can talk about the
whole picture and part of the whole
picture is it's a really interesting
experiment honest to god I don't think I
could be more interested in what's
happening in the NT full hand than just
about anything that's happened in the
news in a long time you know you know
president Trump has gotten a little
quiet lately have you noticed that I
mean by his standards he's getting a
little bit quiet - maybe - or to a fault
give him that he could he could be doing
some useful stuff but an taifa and anti
foul and or Chaz if you prefer is really
interesting good and bad it's really
interesting so here that you're the
things that interest me about it
number one is to see how quickly they
will say evolve toward the system that
they were trying to escape so the things
that we've already seen them immediately
realized they needed and you know I'm
not the first to point this out but
walls they needed a border the very
first thing they did was create a border
that's that should be important in other
words our our national consciousness
should be moved a little bit without any
argument being involved simply because
we observed that the people who one
assumes are the most against boarders
the moment they were in charge the first
thing they did was create a border wall
first thing it wasn't even the second it
was just first thing god I have a border
wall so even though this is not directly
connected to you know any border
immigration question I don't know how
this couldn't affect you right because
the question of do our border is
necessary I feel like that's been
answered now the other thing that they
have T Philander had to do well I don't
know if they had to do it where I just
emerged that the few people who have
guns turned out to be the security force
now imagine if an T if I had no guns it
turns out they've got some guns but what
if they had no guns well then you and I
could conquer and Tifa land with just a
couple of guns if nobody else had a gun
all you need is a couple of high-powered
you know weapons just go into an Tifa
land and say I'm your new king so I
think one of the things they're
realizing is if you don't have a
credible and functional security force
that anybody can conquer you and indeed
it looks like a rapper named Raz has
conquered an T Philander I don't know if
they know it yet
now of course I'm I'm exaggerating for
comic purposes it could be their razzes
just trying to help our because we know
that he has at least access to the guns
and we know that he's sort of
self-appointed security there he could
be just helping I mean it could be
nothing but productive don't know but
you have to wonder if the people there
are completely let's say comfortable
with somebody assuming the mantle of
armed security force in their their new
nation
that's got to make them think about
things in a different way
here's another thing because everybody
in the antifa land has a phone and as
soon as there's any kind of action in
public they turn on their phone ante
file and is the first place - I would
say fully implement a hundred percent of
public surveillance think about it
everybody there has a phone and they're
all trained that as soon as there's
anything going on they pull out their
phones so even though it's not you know
security cameras affixed to light poles
you know - whatever it's not security
cameras but they've created for
themselves a situation in which there's
100% complete coverage because they're
outdoors and they there's so much
outdoors activity and they all have
phones with them that they are a
completely monitored Society now I think
that might have been closer to the
opposite of what they had in mind but
that's how it turned out so watching
this is interesting now what I said on
Tucker's show and I'll say again is that
I think these small experiments we need
to do more of these but do them you know
in a more organized legal plan way that
doesn't take over anybody who's existing
property there must be plenty of
property in the United States that would
be a good place to try a little
community see what happens with no
police maybe they use some other
mechanism and maybe they use technology
and what I said on Tucker's show is that
we we have a country that largely was
design pre-internet and then we just
tried to tack the internet onto it as
best we could to an existing system but
I think one of the things that the
protesters have exactly right is that we
really haven't tried the other options
you know you and I can certainly say
Scott if you try the no police option
and it's all going to go bad and it's
not going to work to which I say you
could be right
you could be a hundred percent right but
I don't know that because I don't know
what the options are I don't know you
know could you have a hybrid situation
could you have half as many regular
police so at least you reduce the number
of harm to people in the in the public
but you know you you compensate with
other kinds of services let's test it
but let's test it in a clean well-funded
organized way see what happens
good work I just don't think it'll work
everywhere here's my big question about
AMT file and will black lives matter and
Antigua
coexist in peace in the long run in the
short run and Tifa
and black lives matter had a common
enemy you know the system what happens
when they don't have a common enemy
anymore well in theory what should
happen is anytime you don't have a
common enemy you end up fighting with
each other it's pretty much guaranteed
now we saw already that there was a sign
who knows how much is real because you
know photographs coming in of empty land
could be staged could be doctored it
could be out of context so you know be
careful about any pictures or video you
see in general but there was a sign
there that looked like they had to
segregate their communal garden so so
they had to segregate it into a black
garden and a white garden now if a few
days into your nation you've decided
that you need borders armed cops you
ended up with a hundred percent of
surveillance in public and segregation
maybe things aren't having not having in
the right direction but on the other
hand we're learning a lot here I think
they're learning a lot it's just really
useful in a way that I don't think we
fully realize this is really useful but
very expensive and I would argue that
the the value that we're gonna get out
of it might exceed the cost in the long
run just because of how it will change
how we think about things
and of course that's no that's no
comfort to the people losing their
property and inconvenience at the moment
I'm hearing more and more people who are
afraid the whole world is falling apart
do you feel that way do you feel afraid
that were on the on the brink of total
societal collapse that the the Republic
could be you know bending and ready to
break that that's civil society is about
to fall apart and we can't talk to each
other and everything's everything's a
mess how many of you think that somebody
that somebody says they think I'm stoned
unfortunately no this is what I actually
sound like I wish I were but sorry to
disappoint you I'm not so here's my take
on that the there there's one central
fact of life they should keep in your
head and never let it leave so should be
the filter that you put on just about
anything you're seeing in the world and
it goes like this in the old days the
news was sort of reporting the news in
the modern world in 2020 the news is
really just a way to spike the chemicals
in your brain it's not news in the way
that news is supposed to be news like
useful information that you can take
advantage of to make a better world or
any of that the news is not that so if
you still think the news is something
like a way to transmit information
you're you're gonna be very lost and
confused life won't make any sense
because the news doesn't do that anymore
it's not their business model there's no
intention to do that it's not even an
intention the news is there to make
money they've got a business model they
need eyeballs and attention and the way
to do that is to jack up your your
emotional state the audience that is to
the point where they can't look away
now here's what I've noticed if I were
to walk outside my home today
how many problems would I encounter none
none if I if I were to encounter a an
african-american gentleman somewhere and
my travels for my work day today would
he and I have any issues nope none not
not a single issue if I go into public
is there going to be some problems or
some riots where I live
nope nope in fact if you took the map of
the country and then you try to you know
with a magic marker on your map you
tried to you know mark all the places
where there's bad stuff happening let's
say looting let's say empty fillet and
put them all together it would look like
this big map they had just some pin
pricks on it that's it of the entire
geographic United States there are a few
pin pricks that are making a lot of news
the vast majority of the country is sort
of not engaged there they're just trying
to go to work and take care of their
family live their life so the first
thing that I would if you're if you find
yourself stressed out because you think
the Republic's on the brink of failing I
would say this you should reduce in your
mind just intellectually dial back
however much you're worried by 80% okay
so that that would be about the right
dial back to get from your attenuated
state that's artificial because you've
been watching these little pin pricks
you know you're watching the George
Floyd situation I mean the actual video
off literally the moment the last
moments of his life these are super
super powerful emotional things so
everybody in the country who is watching
the news is just cranked up beyond
belief but the people who are not
watching the news
they're not having a bad time at all so
I would say this that the perceived
problem is 80% larger than the actual
problem the actual problem is small
compared to what the United States can
handle if you'd like to feel good about
something let me suggest this if you
live in the United States if you're
American you're living in the country
that is simultaneously handling race
protests / riot / looting whatever you
want but a racial crisis we're handling
a health crisis the biggest we've seen
and we're handling that or maybe AIDS
was bigger depending on how you count
things and then an economic crisis we're
handling three gigantic crises at the
same time and do you know how we're
doing pretty well pretty well actually
we're actually doing really well that's
the whole story
the United States is handling three
unprecedented crises any one of which
would be a pretty big issue I mean
obviously a really big issue any one of
them individually we're handling three
three at the same time and we're
handling it we're totally handling it
and and take for example I'm hearing
more craziness about President Trump
listen what was it Biden said that if
Trump lost the election the military
would have to take him out of the White
House and Sam Harris is as similar
concerns that the president will tend
toward a dictatorship if he gets
reelected now doesn't that sound even a
little bit like the world you live in
because the world I live in president
Trump would actually be the last person
in the world who would try to stay in
the White House if he lost an election
like in my mind is inconceivable
it would be like saying the Scot here's
what I'm worried about
I don't worried that rabbits will grow
fangs and wings and start flying after
us and attacking us with their fangs to
which I say mm maybe that's not what you
should be worried about because I
suppose anything's possible but I don't
think a rabbit's gonna grow fangs and
wings all of a sudden for no reason and
start attacking people so anyway I
wouldn't worry about things that are
that unlikely so certainly the president
leaving the White House if he loses the
election well but I don't even know how
to take it seriously honestly like I
wanted I wanted to give you reasons why
you wouldn't leave but it is so frickin
stupid no it's not stupid I'll always
draw that it is so delusional to imagine
that the president who doesn't even want
to use the military oversees the and but
let me ask you this has this president
killed fewer people than any other
president I'm wondering if you compared
presidents over time I would guess I'm
not sure about this I could be wrong
about this but I'll bet if you looked at
president Trump's body count if you
count other countries right you know and
anybody that a president has someone
directly killed by their orders
I would think Trump would be alone among
the lowest wouldn't he all right
so if you're worried about the world
falling apart I think that that is an
artifact of television and the news and
that you should worry a lot less about
it like 80% less Bill Maher continues to
be extra interesting lately because and
I say this I complimented him often even
when I disagree with his opinions which
is fair I think and I complimented Bill
Maher because he is one of the few
public people who is capable of
both sides now that doesn't mean he sees
them the way I see them that's a little
bit different but Bill Maher literally
is capable of looking at arguments on
both sides now why is that impressive
well it shouldn't be like why am i
impressed at that that should be the
most routine or very thing that anybody
can do but in fact it's so rare that I
would like to compliment Bill Maher in
public for being one of the most useful
thinkers because even if you disagree
with them it's really useful to watch
somebody in public have an actual
independent mind like the more of that
you see the more likely it's going to
rub off on you a little bit so again
it's not about what he says it's the
fact that he's even able just even able
to look at both sides in his his view of
both sides so here's an example so Mars
just is we're saying that it's a bad
strategy to call it defund the police
now in his in his view liberals want to
just you know divert some portion of
funds maybe it's additional funds maybe
it's some a little bit taken from the
police but in Mars version it's not
eliminated in place it's just building a
better system that has some additional
elements but I don't think that's
everybody's opinion as a New York Times
ran a an opinion piece that said no we
really do mean get rid of the police but
even that I don't know if that means get
rid of the police it might mean we
changed their names we would get rid of
all the existing ones we train new ones
but they're sort of police like but we
don't call them police so I don't think
that Maher is wrong in the big picture
the big picture meaning there will be
something like police no matter what so
I think he's right about that but he
criticizes defund the police because it
just it just hands basically hands Trump
the victory
bill Barr is smart enough to know that
the Democratics the Democrats strategy
of you know everybody getting on board
Nancy Pelosi everybody else to defund
the police is basically just handing the
election to trump now who knows you know
there's there's still way too many days
between now and Election Day to say that
anything means anything there will be
too many changes between now but I think
he's on to something
I don't think there are too many people
who are against law and order in general
so let's talk about the two most
interesting pieces of content yesterday
and I tweeted that you should you should
consume them in this order Dave
Chappelle did a surprise I guess it was
a special on Netflix that they put on
YouTube so instead I think you can see
it on YouTube you don't need Netflix so
as Dave Chappelle so he did it looked
like maybe it was a local event outdoors
during coronavirus so it's fairly fairly
new and it happened since the George
Floyd incident so it's a comedy act in
which Dave Chappelle does know comedy so
that's the first thing you need to know
about it it's a Dave Chappelle's
stand-up comedy in which he doesn't do
any comedy nor is he trying to do any
comedy he he's just really he's really
angry and worked up about the George
Floyd incident and so most of his act
was a very very watchable very
interesting explanation of how he feels
and how black Americans feel about the
whole situation now yeah I'm seeing in
the comments the the other thing you
need to know about it is that he was
very inebriated now he was either a
drunk or he was on some kind of drugs so
he can barely stand up I would say that
he didn't do himself any favors you know
in terms of whatever you think of Dave
Chappelle
I don't know that doing an act that
drunk you know it's very common for
comedians onstage to be buzzed or even
pretty drunk but I've never seen anybody
tried to do a stage act that drunk
actually I'm using that shape or drunk
or high or whatever it was but he also
doesn't hide that part of his
personality and so you know just just
take that into account it's not like
he's being a hypocrite or something
he you know even in his act he talks
about his love of marijuana etc so I
don't think he's being a hypocrite and
obviously comedians are their own
separate category of professionals yeah
and he said some nasty things about
Candace Owens and Sarah but here's what
I want here's the reason I recommend it
on an entertainment level don't look
very laughs because he's not trying to
give you an a he's trying to make you
think he definitely makes you think so I
would say that the emotional trip that
he takes you on is really worth going on
because you want to take the trip with
him as your tour guide because you're
gonna feel how he feels now here's
what's interesting about it because the
next content I'm gonna recommend is Sam
Harris who I believe has probably been
cancelled already I'll have to check it
out but he dropped the podcast last
night and if he doesn't get canceled for
this thing nobody's ever i-i'll be
amazed because what Sam Harris did was
he went he went to every third rail and
basically I feel like he felt it was you
know I don't want to read his mind but I
could sense in his podcast which was
extraordinary by the way this is the Sam
Harris's podcast I think it's one for
the ages really I mean one of the top
podcasts you might ever hear like of all
podcasts from anybody in all time it's
actually that good because it's a
sort of a masterpiece of critical
thinking against a backdrop of none of
that and when you see when you see him
layout the critical thinking right after
you've watched Chappelle's lack of
credit critical thinking the contrast is
just amazing Chappelle is a very smart
guy but of course could you be objective
and just purely rational if you know if
you had identified and this is where
chef Nelson is in Zach if you had
identified with George Floyd like oh my
god that's me or oh my god that could be
my son or something
if you identified on that level how
could you possibly be rational about it
or really is that even something you
would ask of somebody you know if if you
saw a family member being killed can I
ask you to be rational about it no it's
not it's not a fair question it's just
not a fair request I'm not gonna ask you
to be rational in a situation where a
rational person should not be rational
not at all but seeing Dave Chappelle's
version of the world in which black
people are being hunted down by white
people and killed is is really useful
you know if you're if you're not black
is really useful to get his good
explanation of it because what Chappelle
does better than most people in the
world is he is an amazing communicator
so he communicates it with a depth of
emotion and you know getting back to the
thing about how drunk he was I think
maybe he just needed to be I think maybe
he needed to be because I think the the
place he went I just don't know if you
could go there if he weren't if you
weren't on on something and I think he
needed he felt he needed to go there so
but here's the fascinating thing about
the Sam Harris so that so what Sarah
Harris did was went through the
statistics if you go through the
statistics that does not support all of
the claims of black lives matter I
think that's an understatement but to
hear him go through it and it's just I
mean it's devastatingly well done but he
goes to some really dangerous places and
the most dangerous place he goes I have
also flirted with which is the idea that
it wasn't the cop with the knee on the
neck that killed him
it probably wasn't and if you listen to
sam Harris's explanation he gives a very
very very compelling argument that in
all likelihood what killed him was the
cop on his back because we know that's
deadly the cop on his back would be
compressing his chest he was having
trouble breathing there he gave another
example of on somebody on video the
police killed exactly the same way and
fentanyl was involved so there's
actually another video of a white guy
being killed exactly the same way by
police and they also didn't know that
the guy was dying because there's
somebody was I had a knee on the
suspects back and this was the other
case and the suspect was saying I can't
breathe I can't breathe and the cops
were just joking because they didn't
think they were doing anything that
could be in any way be considered you
know deadly or dangerous and then the
guy died right in front of them so when
a year Sam Harris you know called out
add add the context and show you there
are other cases in my opinion I don't
think the guy with his knee on the neck
necessarily was the cause of death and
and we don't know because there's some
ambiguity there but even calling out the
ambiguity has probably cause for
cancellation so anyway so the sam harris
view of the world completely opposite of
the dave chappelle view of the world and
if you listen to them one after another
you're really gonna be fascinated I
think because they both do such a good
job of painting a picture of their
different worlds it's like it's like
visiting two different planets
in two hours
but here was what interested me the most
because although Sam's explanation of
their race relations situations I would
say matched my own almost identically
and he had the things that I didn't know
about which were compatible with what I
was thinking as well but of course he we
differ we differ starkly on the question
of President Trump so of course Sam
throws in some things that I would
consider TDs he would consider I think
plainly obvious but those are two
different worlds about Trump now here's
the part that really really interest me
Sam Harris doesn't seem to be aware that
he's part of the race problem or at
least he didn't mention it so I can't
assume he's not aware of it but it goes
like this
other smart people have said that the
race will the the protests and the the
racial animus is much worse under Trump
would you all agree that that's true
the racial division at least at the
moment seems like it probably would
never have been this bad
if Trump had not been president would
you agree would you agree that maybe if
Obama had been president people would
have just felt differently and saying no
no no so I don't know what your now is
too so I'm not sure I'm interpreting
that correctly now if you were to look
at the statistics oh let me clarify I
think I know what you're saying no to if
you will look at statistics I don't
believe that there's any worse at racial
relations so I think that's why you're
saying in the comments statistically I
don't think race relations are worse so
I'd agree with you that Trump did not
make that worse but if you were to look
at the news and you will look at the
pundits do you think the news and the
pundits are talking about race in a far
more provocative way because it's part
of getting a Trump in my opinion all the
all the people with Trump derangement
syndrome who have been calling him a
racist for years
have created this situation so meaning
the spark obviously they didn't create
the legacy of slavery they didn't create
systemic racism if we can identify it
they didn't create racism so that you
know that that parts already there but
in terms of the energy that's being put
into it at the moment that's a
combination of two two factors in
addition to the baseline racism that is
you know a problem and the two other
factors are there was a video that
probably is misleading but nobody will
ever believe it that's that's the first
thing videos are all lies by the way let
me say this as clearly as possible from
now on you should say to yourself that
all videos are a lie and the reason you
should do that is because all videos are
alive all sometimes by exclusion
sometimes gives the angle sometimes
because you can't hear what's happening
but you can see it but I would say that
all video is a lie and that applies to
the next video you see as well whatever
that is I'm not even talking about the
the George Floyd video in particular
it's a universal statement that in small
ways in big ways all videos lie period
you could say that about photos as well
so there is no awareness by the media
that they have created this situation by
continuously calling half of the country
racist if you're calling the president
racist and you're saying anybody who
supports it must be also either they are
a racist or they're supporting the
racist you've created a situation where
you guarantee race riots how do you not
get a race riot if the most powerful
forms of persuasion which are social
media plus the news if the two most
powerful weapon eyes pieces of
persuasion are telling you every day
something that's mostly not true it's
fake news how much did the fake news
about the fine people in Charlottesville
how much did that obviously fake news
because the president said the opposite
of what was reported how much of that
fake news is behind these problems will
that will the media ever report on their
own culpability in creating a
hallucination the half of the country
bought into and shut down the whole
nation over it the fact that we don't
look at CNN as the primary cause of
these problems is shocking it's just
shocking CNN MSNBC New York Times the
the anti-trump press is one of the three
parts that caused this problem you know
one part is the racism itself you know
I'm not minimizing that of course the
other part is the video which is a lie
we don't know how and obviously
something terrible happened and and it
looked like a crime to me to write so
everybody who saw it was horrified
didn't look like a crime but you don't
know what was happening because you
don't know what was in their minds you
don't know exactly what killed him was
that the guy in the back you don't know
what they were thinking the video is a
lie the video is a lie we just don't
know in what way it could actually be
worse you know one of the ways it could
be lying is what if it's worse you know
right what because what if what if they
had just been saying some you know and
word things five minutes before the
video rolled if you didn't see something
happening before the video came on and
it was even it would make the situation
even worse well that's a lie too because
the situation would be much worse as bad
as it was it could even be worse so the
video always lies you just don't know
how all right there there are four days
left in my one week challenge to have
somebody explain to me what system at
Grace is amiss before I disregard it as
illusion right now I have a rule that
has been developed over my lifetime and
it goes like this
if you can't describe something to
somebody else you don't know what it is
in other words you don't understand it
yourself
now when you ask people to describe a
systemic racism you will get a million
different explanations which first of
all tells you that only one of them
could be right yeah it's not really a
million but you get a lot of different
explanations and if one of them is right
it means that all the other people who
thought they knew what systematic racism
is they're all wrong and it doesn't
matter which one is right because there
are lots of different explanations if
any one of them is right everybody who
thinks they knows what they know what it
is is wrong so you don't have something
you can deal with because I don't know
which one of them is right and it's
usually a word salad when you ask
somebody let me give you an example all
right what I just wanted to give you an
exact example that I hope I wrote down
damn it forgot to write that down anyway
look at my questions about this my
tweets on asking people for examples and
you'll see that it's sort of word salad
II and crazy so people will use
analogies because they don't have
anything that real ttle that they can
point out they'll use historical
examples they'll imagine that the things
are legal today that are not legal
like redlining so I don't know what the
problem is but nobody can give me an
example okay if somebody can't explain
it to you they don't know what it is
every single time all right I asked a
following question and I've been asked
if I'm trolling or serious or or I'm
just trying to cause trouble
interestingly I wasn't trying to cause
trouble you know I think I get blamed
for being too much of a troll even what
I'm not so here's the question they ask
do we have any statistics on
ivy-league-educated black people who
have been killed by police and compare
that to ivy-league-educated people from
other ethnicities and the reason I asked
it that way is because that would
control for a lot more variables in
other words race would be the the thing
that really stood out as the one thing
that's different
did you imagine that an Ivy League
graduate would be smarter yeah on
average if you went to an Ivy League
school you're probably smarter than
somebody who didn't so if you are a
smart black person to get stopped in
your white person or a smart
asian-american whatever you are you're
just a smart person and you're probably
polite if you went to an Ivy League
school
are you more polite than the average
person probably probably yeah that's
been my experience they just have good
manners because it's just part of the
culture part of the learning experience
and if they're very least even if you
didn't have good manners before you went
to your Ivy League college well you
spend four years around people who have
a really good manners and you probably
pick up something right so if it's true
that police would let's say injure or
kill an Ivy league-educated
black man in America at some
significantly larger rate than any other
Ivy League educated person who gets
stopped let's say you can control for
other factors too like income and time
today and whatever would that tell you
something now was pointed out to me that
that would be a bad comparison because
your Ivy League educated people no
matter what their ethnicity are probably
going to be stopped by police in the in
an upper-class town fair enough
it still works because even if only rich
people were being stopped by
well-qualified police in an upscale town
if you didn't have any difference
between how the black motorist were
treated by the police
and anybody else I think that would tell
you something now the trouble with all
of these all of these statistics is that
any one measure of any of this stuff
doesn't tell you enough
it just doesn't tell you enough and
somebody says insufficient data set I
don't know I doubt it because there must
be thousands thousands and thousands of
people that you could poll for that data
set alright so let's talk about let's
talk about having a cure this systemic
racism will go to the white board so as
I'm thinking through this like what's
the system so if there's systemic racism
it means there's a problem with the
system it's not a not by definition it's
not a problem with the people it's
something about the system's so your
first system that everybody is involved
with in life is your family if your
family system is bad how well are you
gonna do in school well on average not
so well if this system is broken your
school is broken and then you don't get
the good job you don't get to the good
College basically everything that you
can measure in these systems is all pre
broken so if you imagine that these
systems are racist you might be looking
in their own place because if you get
this part right there's a lot less
problem in all the rest of it but how do
you fix this part you know I think
conservatives conservatives are a little
bit harsh I think on this question
because if you're lucky enough to have
an intact family and you know your
family unit is pretty strong you know
nothing's perfect but your family unit
is strong you don't have any divorce and
it's to parents and all that well
congratulations
aren't you lucky but you know that's not
the rest of the world you know a kid
doesn't get to choose if they have two
loving parents
in the real world it doesn't always work
out here's the problem with the family I
finally came up to a way that I can just
use math to explain the problem the
problem with family as a system is the
same problem as trying to invest in an
individual stock what's the problem in
investing in one stock no
diversification right so if that one
stock turns out to be bad you've lost
all the money you ever had because in
this example you put all of your money
you would ever made into one stock if it
goes bad you've lost everything that's
why it's a bad idea instead you buy a
basket of stocks that represent the
whole market some of them can be bad
some of them can be good but on average
they'll be more good than bad so that's
just using math to learn how to invest
the family units the same problem you
got two parents what are the odds that
both of them are good meaning that one
of them's not an abuser one of them is
not a pedophile
one of them's not doesn't have a drug
problem one of them isn't you know
cheating what are the odds you get two
good ones well there are lots of people
who got lucky maybe you know maybe a
third in the country I don't know what
the number is but maybe a third of
people got lucky and they got a strong
family unit I don't think it's more than
a third I'll bet two-thirds have at
least one bad parent or none there are
no good parents right so what could you
do to compensate for the fact that you
don't have diversification in your
family so if you get a bad one you're in
bad shape
now imagine if you will then you also
have the ripple effect from the legacy
of slavery the original sin is it likely
that even even these many years after it
and Dave Chappelle makes a good point it
was his Dave Chappelle is a great
grandfather was actually a slave he was
Julia slave so as Chappelle says that's
today if you if you knew somebody or you
know you can you can name somebody in
your own family who was actually a slave
that's today you know that that's this
point that that that ripple effect it's
not like some tiny ripple from a million
years ago it's pretty present you know
and if you look at history in general
it's it's kind of close and so one could
imagine that that would have effects on
the family which would then have a
ripple effect all the way through now
what do you do about that nobody knows
nobody knows literally nobody has a good
idea what to do about this because
there's no way to really fix the family
is there how do you fix families the
problem is the problem is math there's a
simple diversification problem you just
can't diversify with just two people the
math doesn't work
the odds that one of them will be bad is
just so high and and that has nothing to
do with that listening it's just math
there aren't that many good people in
the world that you could expect most
people to have good - good parents and
so I suggest the following as something
to be tested here's my here's my
hypothesis and it goes like this
there are some people in some situations
that need something more like a tribe
now we're not getting ethnic here tribe
applies to anti-fog or the white people
and Tifa stand it feels like they have
built a tribal kind of society which is
why I'm so interested in it if you look
at the videos coming in of anti fast and
there are two things that occur to me
one it's not economically viable in
other words it can't last because it
doesn't have the systems in place to
make it last
so that's obvious but number two they
seem to be having a good time right they
seem to be having a good time
secondly I don't think there's been
that much violence compared to how much
you would expect with them please right
and I wonder if there are not at least
for some period of life a situation
where you would be better off in a
village and here's why if you have two
parents what are the odds that one of
them would be a good mentor you only
have to bow let's make it harder you
only have one parent very common right
well how many households have one parent
it's big it's like 40% giant number you
only have one parent what are the odds
that that one parent has good advice for
life they might they might I would say
that my mother had good life advice so I
got lucky
my father suggested that I go work for
the post office because they have good
benefits so I had two parents one of
them my mother gave me extraordinary
life life advice you know in a variety
of ways my father gave me the worst life
advice I've ever heard in my whole
 life which is go get a job for
the post office which is where you
worked because the healthcare benefits
are great what if I'd had no parents who
were good at giving life advice what if
they were none right that's got to be
very very common but now imagine that
you're part of a tribe and you can
define tribe any way you want but let's
just say it's a loose structure of
people who have some mutual support
there well the odds that at least one
person in the tribe has some good advice
is pretty good it's pretty good
so the arguing that I'm gonna make is
just math that there might be some
people in some situations not you not
you if a family works for you do the
family that was it that seems like a
pretty good deal but I just don't think
it works for everybody and I think we
have to recognize there's not one size
fits all now a trend that I think
support
this idea the tribal experiment idea is
that apparently young people are growing
up slower have you heard that now I
don't know exactly what that means but
there's some sense that even
biologically the young people are not
they're not maturing in the same way as
in the past you know in the old days if
you were 16 you could run a business
literally like you know a friend of mine
was running a bowling alley he was in
charge he was the boss his father and
invested in it he just ran the bowling
alley so he was running a business
completely at age 16 how'd it work out
great he went on to become a rich
entrepreneur he's retired and travels
around the Gulf snail
now was that experience you know but how
often does that happen today do you know
any 16 year olds who are running adult
businesses I mean I think people are
just postponing the adult part as long
as possible and I think if you've got
people who have aged and of high school
they're not in college but they're not
yet mature enough to have their own
family what do you do with them what do
you do with people who are not so young
their parents are taking care of them
but they haven't matured to the place
where they can just start their own
family or go into business and be a good
citizen there's a whole bunch of people
who need a little extra maturing and
maybe college is not not their calling
what do you do with them well it could
be this it could be an T fast and it
could be a tribe and if you get the
first bar right in other words if you
don't break the kids in the first few
years of their life if you get the first
few years right that's a pretty good
basis for the other systems to work out
so here's my overall point when we talk
about systemic racism we're talking
about everything from college two jobs
to banking and loans to what ever
basically everything right the legal
system but is it not true that every one
of those systems is really just
an outcome of the the very first system
being broken
the first system being the family I
think that's the conservative view but
what's not the conservative view is that
the way to fix it is just have a better
family that's not a thing
conservatives let me let me speak to the
Conservatives who are listening here if
your advice for black people is have
better families because that's what
worked for you that's terrible advice I
mean it would be great if you could do
it right if that were something people
could just want to do oh now you told me
why didn't you tell me all I had to do
is have a strong family alright problem
solved it's just not actionable advice
it's just useless to have that opinion
because it doesn't help anybody unless
you're going to say all right here's how
to fix it and nobody has suggested
anything like that you're gonna have to
try something else so I say let's
experiment a little bit maybe all this
especially the male energy which is the
most dangerous maybe you put it in a
tribe so here's the other thing you saw
wait if you see the pictures from ante
fest and you see that they want to be in
groups you know they they had a
dodgeball pickup game that didn't go
well because they don't they don't have
rules but the fact that they had they
just wanted to be together in a tribal
kind of situation it might be that
that's exactly what they need but maybe
you do that for a few years and then
you're mature enough and then you say
huh I bet somebody in my tribe now we're
gonna go start a family but now we're
ready we've matured enough we've got
some good mentoring you know we're in a
good situation
and now we'll we'll go to the next
system because we're ready alright
Howard Stern's in trouble for blackface
that's the whole story
Howard Stern's in trouble for blackface
there's nobody safe why in the world
anybody had ever put on blackface
why was there ever a time in my lifetime
that that was
okay like even even if you were a shock
jock like at what point was that ever
okay I don't remember any time when that
was okay yet a lot of people did it
alright let's see if I covered all my
incredibly fascinating points it seems
that the protests if they're still going
on are still not being covered by the
news is that true
are you still noticing that the news is
not covering the protests if there's one
thing you need to understand it's that
the news is assigning our opinions if
you if you could understand that one
thing you would know what needs to be
changed in the system what needs to be
changed in the system is you either you
either need more competition for the
news so you're not being fed sort of you
know a mainstream narrative which is
what's happening now or just a better
way to understand what's going on in
your world now let me make a general
statement that what I thought of it it's
sort of a crushing thought but I think
we can get past it it goes like this for
my entire lifetime and probably several
lifetimes before mine would you agree
with the following statements that
humanity has been doing its best to move
from an emotional irrational
civilization you know early early
humanity to a fact-based rational
data-driven civilization you'd accept
that as a truth right that were that we
have really been trying hard to move
toward using facts and data to make our
decisions so I think you would agree
with that
but there was one problem we didn't see
coming
that is that all of our data would be a
lie so we've we've built an entire
civilization to depend on having facts
and data that we would then put our
analytics on to make decisions but what
we didn't see
is that a hundred percent of our data is
fake now it doesn't have to be didn't
have to be but the people who give us
the data at least the stuff we make
decisions on in politics it's all lies
it's all out of context the videos are
all lies as I said before there's always
something before or after the video
something that's not shown in the video
so we've created a civilization that
can't work let me say that again we have
consciously created a system our
civilization that depends on good data
to make decisions while also creating a
system that guarantees the data will
never be good not even sometimes not
even by accident it will never be good
because people are making up their
versions of their political data well I
think I'll leave out this data because
that doesn't support my side I think
I'll leave out the other data because
that doesn't support my side oh all the
data turned out to be wrong let's run a
correction that nobody will see so we've
we've actually created a system which if
you were to look at it objectively you
know I like to use the example of the
advanced species of alien land on the
planet and they're the only ones who are
unbiased so they look at that they look
at our system and they're trying to
study us as just scientists who are
dispassionate about our existence they
just want to understand it they looked
at and say all right what's the system
that got there okay good
they really like facts excellent they
they want to use reason and science okay
good good and now let's look at their
facts oh they also invented a system to
lie to you on all the facts all of them
now your first thought is like Oh Scott
you're talking about political facts you
know I get that everybody discounts that
because you know both sides are lying
about their political facts oh no I'm
not talking about political facts
because it turns out that all facts are
political
you know it didn't have to be that way
how about gun control facts about
climate change facts about race
relations facts
how about economic facts how about trade
relation facts international facts who
got who got gassed and who didn't facts
none of it's true
none of it absolutely none of it is
dependable
in fact the using of models to predict
is sort of a confession that is made up
it really is you know that's a longer
argument but the models are to fool you
into thinking that they're that the data
is useful because if you looked at the
data you'd have questions you'd say I'm
not sure that data is correct for this
reason they're that reason but if you
look at the models it makes you think
past the sale right the model makes you
focus on the model it doesn't make you
focus on the data that went into the
model so that's part of the magic trick
look at my model where'd you get the
data look at my model look can I take a
look at your data look at my model my
model is beautiful
look at that curve but where's your data
have you seen my model so that's the
world we've created one one in which we
consciously build systems that can't
work together you know one requires
facts and the other make sure you don't
know though that's the system so I think
we can improve on that and I think we'll
be fine by the way and and I do agree
with the the uber optimist the top
optimists for the economy I think the
economy is really going to surprise you
how well it does and here's the other
thing that the news is lying to you
about at the moment have you seen all
the reporting about the new cases of
coronavirus there's a lot of them right
now some of it might be because there's
more testing but there does seem to be
you know
I do buy into the likelihood that
there's also just lots more infection
because people are getting out more but
do you know what they are D emphasizing
their de-emphasizing deaths
do you know either de-emphasizing deaths
because deaths are going down or at
least staying flat we're not having more
people dying we're just having lots more
infections if it stays that way and I
think it might because you could be you
have lots of infections so long as your
extra protecting the the vulnerable
people as long as you've learned to use
ventilators correctly
maybe the therapeutics are already
working some people say the
hydroxychloroquine already works and
that might be behind some of the drop in
deaths
I'd say that's unconfirmed so look at
the deaths if you see that all of the
reporting is about the number of
infections
that's fake news because what you care
about the most is death if people get it
and get better now of course there is
the worry that there are long-term
repercussions
I'm not minimizing that but so far that
doesn't seem to be a giant problem it
seems to be on the smaller side unless
you haven't if it's you guess at them of
course it's a big problem yeah I don't
know if the number of new tests explains
the number of infections completely I
just spoke you lating that doesn't but
you're right that's an open question
hospital admissions are only relevant if
they're impacted meaning that if their
capacity is tested and it seems to be if
the death rate is going down or staying
the same then even if the hospitals are
impacted it's not the kind of impact
that we saw in the beginning if people
are dying and being put in on
ventilators that is a big impact but if
people are simply being treated and
outpatient
you know maybe they they're there in the
hospital for a little bit but they don't
go all the way the ICU that's not nearly
as bad as packing your ICUs and then two
people die anyway that's your worst
situation how many people died from the
flu this year well you know there's a
big question about whether the regular
flu kills more than a few thousand
people because the number is not counted
it's actually estimated and I believe I
would say the evidence strongly suggests
that the people who estimate the number
of people who die from the regular flu
are probably lying probably know it and
they're doing it to get you to take the
flu shot so my guess is that like like
all the other data in the world that
it's just fake the number of regular
deaths and the reason that well you can
know it's you let me say it stronger the
number of regular flu deaths is fake
news it's just fake here's how you know
and you can test this right the the
number of people that they say died from
the flu which really means pneumonia
because the flu causes the pneumonia
that's how it usually happens is around
and they have 50,000 a year range
something else that's in that same range
of deaths per year is number of people
who died from fentanyl now do you know
anybody who died from the fentanyl
overdose almost certainly I'll bet you
do I certainly do my stepson died from
it and you know and I know other people
but I'll bet you've never heard of
anybody who died from a flu that gave
them pneumonia that they died I've never
heard of it I've been around for a long
time never heard of it once that doesn't
mean it doesn't exist I mean there's
just a smaller number so you know if I
had heard of people dying of regular flu
that caused no mo
that caused them to die then I'd say oh
that probably is 50,000 of those a year
because that's about how how often I
hear of somebody dying from an overdose
if you're hearing about them at about
the same rate even approximately you
could say to yourself okay they're
probably in the same general range but
if you've heard of nobody nobody it's
just it was always fake news all right
that's all for now and I'll talk to you
tomorrow