[Music]
well come on in here everybody stream on
in it's going to be a good
[Music]
time good morning everybody and welcome
to coffee with Scott
Adams and if you'd like to take your
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
cup or mug or glass of tanker chal sign
a canteen sugar flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine H the
day thing makes everything better it's C
the simultaneous sip it happens now go
delightful
delightful well are you ready for a two
whiteboard extravaganza the show of
shows something that you've never seen
before I guarantee you that this show
will have at least a few
surprises now some of you know what I
mean some of you don't but we'll find
out how this
goes Story number one uh Trump's going
to appeal his
$454 million New York civil fraud case
thing and his lawyers are going to say
this is the letia James one where he
allegedly did something with
no he is this one where he overvalued
some property and there were no victims
and the bankers said yeah we'd love to
do business with him again and for that
he owed half a billion dollars so you
know the justice
system um and so his lawyers are going
to say there were no VI itims and no
losses um and if and if pellant conduct
constituted
fraud under whatever statute then that
word has no meaning
Etc
so I don't know how this really works
I'm not sure how many appeals
opportunities he would have for this
case but doesn't it have to get down in
New York before he has a chance I mean
the whole problem is that if you try
Trump in New York he's going to get
convicted of anything you could convict
Trump of you know of murdering
JFK it wouldn't matter if there was any
evidence I don't think I think just New
York jury is all it would take so
basically isn't the whole game to get it
to some higher Court where it's at in
New York
right I don't know well if itth delays
things or at least delays him paying
that money but I suppose there might be
some interest if he
loses I'm sure he's got some advantage
in this and at the very least he can say
it's
appealed all right we're going to have
to talk about Biden's Health there are
many un so far unsubstantiated stories
you can have to tell me in the comments
if anything changes dramatically while
I'm talking specifically about Biden's
health so if you see if you hear
anything just break into the comments
I'll I'll let you know but uh the the
reports that are starting to
sound credible because it's coming from
multiple independent journalists it's
coming from multiple sources for each of
them and it seems to be something like
this that when you believed that uh
Biden got Co in Los Vegas that what
might have happened is something worse
than Co and something that looked like a
major
stroke which caused uh the Las Vegas
medical and police people to organize
quickly you know on
command and they were going to take
Biden to John Hopkins
Hospital um and then there was a change
to taking him to Air Force
One and now the story is and I would say
The credibility on this is I don't know
50 to
80% it feels like to me I I don't think
this is 100% sure what's
happening um but uh the idea was that it
wasn't a
necessarily a full stroke there's
something that looks like a full stroke
there there's a there's a lesser
condition um something called a
transient
esic es
schic I love saying words I've never
said before out loud
ischemic es schic is c h e m i I'm going
to say es schic that feels right um so
if you have one of those apparently it
can look like a
stroke but if it resolves itself in a
few minutes it's it's more obviously
this you know transient thing so again
we don't know if any of this is true
this is just based on reporting that
comes from sources I take Serious ly but
we don't quite
know um and then the idea would be
whether or not he ever had any Co we
don't know I mean that might have been a
cover story maybe
not
um and then it just keeps getting
better I I don't know how they can make
this story seem many sketchier I mean
the everything about Biden and
everything about the assassination
attempt on Trump have this the same
weird quality where every time you learn
something it it raises a bigger question
like I'm just going to make this one up
but this is how it feels it's like uh
and uh and we found out you know the
name of the uh the sniper that took the
shot and and killed him you're like oh
wow great finally we're getting some
answers what's his name uh Elvis
Presley wait what you mean the real
Elvis the ACT Elvis is Elvis's how how's
he how's it and then you have to like
wait till
tomorrow and there there's just always
some answer that makes you go what so my
favorite one so far is that Biden called
into to uh the Wilmington Delaware
Campaign Headquarters while K Harris was
there and they put him on the speaker
phone and he gives a you know little
talk sounding quite good sounding quite
healthy
and uh you know not he slurred his words
a little bit but you know sort of
Baseline you know nothing
special
uh and uh what did people say did people
say oh thank you thank you for
confirming that he's alive and well and
that he's very much behind uh KL Harris
rising to power so all of your questions
are answered
right what what that didn't ask answer
all your
questions you people you heard him with
your own your own ears he was perfectly
cogent uh I if I were to describe it
sharp as attack sharp as attack healthy
for sure I mean he's on the men his
doctor said so the other day he like way
better his symptoms are we don't even
remember the symptoms now so long ago
he's so much better yeah he's doing a
little uh he's doing some yoga and he's
riding his bike we can't show you
pictures no no no pictures now you have
questions about this oh oh oh you're
you're
wondering why in the age of
video a president of the United
States who probably has access to
Wi-Fi um why why would he make a phone
call
knowing that everybody would listen to
the phone call and say something like
why aren't you on
video uh shouldn't there be at least a
still
photo now I get that you don't want to
get out of your pajamas but they
couldn't comb your hair and put a shirt
on you and put you up behind the desk
you know just for a still photo nothing
and so they managed to make it even
worse because here's the question we're
left with was that really
him yeah the first thing I thought was
is this AI or you know some kind of
pre-recorded AI thing you know where I
could imagine somebody had a bunch of
sentences and then they had a button to
push and they were all sort of generic
responses and if you listen to it
everything Biden says could have been
said as a response to almost
anything so he does his you know little
thing where he you know just talks like
Joe Biden for a while so that doesn't
require any
interaction but then there is a part
where KLA later says are you still there
Joe and then he he comes in with uh I
don't remember if I wrote it down but uh
he just had some some generic responses
like uh I'm always behind you kid and
I'm thinking I that wasn't exactly what
you'd expect in response to that and
then there was another one there was
like sort of a little bit
generic and I thought to myself did they
actually plan and execute a recorded
maybe maybe AI maybe something else but
a recorded piece which they stitched
together to make it look like it was
interacting now it did not sound like an
AI voice to me specifically because at
one point there was some throat clearing
and you kind of think they wouldn't do
the throw clearing or at least they
wouldn't make it sound completely
believable and you know he sort of um
slurred some words and I thought well
would you do that if you were making a
if you were making a fake and you wanted
it to sound healthy would you have any
slurred
words and I thought
maybe you might and then I thought I
don't think there's any commercial
version of AI that could make a voice
that good you can still tell the AIS but
if there is a version where nobody can
tell the
difference you wouldn't know about it
yet would you and don't you think that
our CIA for example would have had to
for National Security already created uh
close ties with all the major AI
developers in the US at least and don't
you think that they've already said to
them here's a deal we will let you
operate in other words we won't be a
problem but if you come up with anything
that has genuine military
importance you tell us and we'll decide
what to do with it one of those things
would be perfect AI voice um copying
because at the moment you can still kind
of pick it
out what if it were
perfect like what we heard the Biden
recorded sounded to me perfectly like
his voice like it would be hard for me
to imagine it was AI but do you think
that the best AI company hasn't made a
perfect one yet or do you think that you
couldn't take additional samples and
just keep working on it until it was
perfect or maybe take a sound engineer
who gets it almost perfect then tweaks
down some pauses and stuff until it is
perfect if you were if you were State
actor so we are left with the
possibility that you cannot rule out
that he was not the voice that we heard
it can't be ruled out now I can't tell
you what the odds
are um is it over 50% probably not I
wouldn't put it over 50% but we're
living in a world of zero trust and so
if you think that you're sure that was a
real voice I
no I'd
wait uh so there lots of questions to be
answered um apparently Biden scheduled
for the return
today has anybody seen video that you
know as
him yeah so I will remind you that uh
it's only citizens who are uh presumed
uh innocent the government is presumed
guilty if they do something that looks
this
sketchy you have to say I think you're
guilty you're going to have to show me
some video your government has an
obligation to prove itself and be
transparent all the time when they're
not transparent your most
reasonable explanation for
why
given that being transparent would be to
their advantage if they didn't have
anything to
hide so a non-transparency has to be
assumed as guilt as a working ass asson
you know not pick up your gun and send
up to jail guilt but as a working
assumption you should assume they're
guilty that's the most reasonable way to
play the
odds all right so now the New York posts
and others reported that Biden was
threatened with the 25th
Amendment um now do you think that's the
right way to phrase
that because there you you know you
could tell this Biden story as a coup
and it would
every definition of it and I wouldn't
disagree with you it does look like a
coup it looks like non-elected people
are deciding who runs and could get
worse
but if he is genuinely degraded you know
you can say it's it's bad that we got to
this point but once you get to this
point is it really blackmail or
threatening to say you're going to do a
25th amendment or is that more just like
information because if you're literally
going to do the 25th Amendment because
you just don't have any choice he's just
that
gone would you blame anybody for saying
to him look we just have to be honest we
have to do the 25th Amendment if you
don't quit is that a
threat I I think that's a judgment call
isn't it so you could tell this story as
people who may have done terrible things
in hiding his condition up to this point
may do terrible things in the future may
be terrible people but when you get to
that point when he is
legitimately you know done I don't know
that that's a threat that's just sort of
like trying to explain to him what the
situation
is
so but we don't know what kind of shape
he's in we'll find
out the
most suspicious thing is that comma
seems to have wrapped up the
nomination um in a very non-democratic
way um she quite cleverly branded her
potential opponents as vice president
picks and she's already hired somebody
to vet her vice president picks for the
thing she has not been nominated
for now if that sounds to you like
there's any possibility someone else is
going to get the
nomination I I think you be wrong
because she's already pulled in a
gazillion dollars of extra funding like
some record that we can barely believe
as in we do barely believe it meaning
there might be some money laundering or
other Shenanigans involved because it's
so much so fast it's just hard to
believe so so now we know that the uh
the Democrats rigged the primary with
Bernie Sanders you know back in
Hillary's time we know that uh Biden's
primary this year was rigged in the
sense that nobody else could run against
them and now this one seems to be rigged
again because even though Obama said hey
there should be some Speedy little mini
primary um but other people like Jen
saki even spoke of it as nothing but a
way to coronate um the obvious choice
kamla and I think other people said
nobody's going to take the job of
jumping over the Dei hire uh the you
know if I can be crude about it because
kamla's race and gender are largely why
she is in the job and largely why she
can't be
replaced
so it looks like she's clinched it and
whatever they do from now on is just
cover a story would you agree that
that's a accurate characterization what
whatever happens from now on is just a
cover
story yeah um so they might do some kind
of mini primary you you know what here's
what I think is the most likely
outcome the DNC will say all right you
have two days to register to be a
candidate against KL Harris and if you
do we'll have a series of debates and
then the delegates will get to vote and
then you know what will happen
two days will go by and nobody will
register and if anybody tried they say
no you don't want to register yeah I was
actually thinking I was thinking maybe I
will but no no you you don't want to
register no I I'm I'm sure I do I I
thought I'd give it a
run no you don't no you don't want to
register so that would be one way to
play
it let's see uh let's see if we
understand uh what the system looks like
now one of the things that is
fascinating about this past year is that
with the help of smart people who help
us understand what the system looks like
I'm talking about your Glen greenwald's
your uh Michael shellenberger your your
Mike Ben's um your Mike covich's your
jack
pabc pabc your talker Carlson's you
you're starting to see a picture of the
machine and I don't know if we see it
clear
clearly but let me tell you what it it
looks
like so that's all I can say for sure is
that this is what it looks like is it
real I don't know let's go to the
Whiteboard if we can get this lighting
just
right this will be
amazing all right I have to angle it a
little a little bit because of my
lighting issues but um here's what it
looks
like it looks like there's some group of
people in power we don't know exactly
who but almost certainly it would
include intelligence people now not
necessarily all of them employed by some
intelligence agency might be ex members
who are still Affiliated but some group
of people who have enough power that
they can blackmail a handful of
billionaires who are the primary funders
of any
candidate now have you noticed that a
lot of the people who are the biggest
billionaire donors especially in the
Democrat side appear to you suspiciously
like the most black amable people you
could ever think of in your life now I'm
not making a specific accusation I'm
just saying huh if I were to try to pick
people that I knew a little bit about
but not a lot about and it was my job to
guess which of them would be more likely
to be black
amable I might I might end up luckily
picking some of the people who are the
biggest donors at the
moment and I asked myself why aren't
other
billionaires giant donors as
well let's take I'll just take one
example Sam bankman freed all right so I
can use him because he's convicted do
you think that there was ever any
anybody in any kind of intelligence or
power position who knew exactly how
vulnerable he
was
maybe maybe they
did who knows it's just suspiciously it
looks like billionaires either can be
blackmailed for something they may have
done in their personal life but I'm not
sure you'd call this blackmail but you
would assume that anybody who has a
gigantic international business
would need some people who also have
giant power to either not get in their
way or help some things get out of their
way so at some
point certain types of billionaires I I
think it depends on what kind of
business you're in um they really need
people in important positions to say yes
and it could mean billions of dollars
for them in other words they might get a
gigantic multi-billion dollar contract
if they
give1 to100 million a year to the
candidate of the top People's Choice now
am I saying this is the way it works I
don't know I'm saying this is the way it
looks like it works I'm saying that the
the the gears of the machine seem to
have revealed themselves in this latest
situation because we saw that um when I
say and friends I would include Pelosi
as a and friend
and Obama Hillary Clinton so they they
would be the in friends group now they
don't always agree with each other on
everything probably but collectively
they would be the ones that would be
working with the people who almost
certainly have blackmail on the people
who are the biggest donors in my
opinion and uh they get to select the
candidate as we just watched them do
with k Harris because they said Joe
Biden you'll never get any more money
and that was the end of it
so you don't have to wonder who's in
charge the big donors just showed you
that the Machinery revealed
itself and then of course the media
belongs to the Democrats so it can sell
pretty much anything and if that if that
model isn't good enough if having the
top secret people in power black male
big donors to choose the candidate that
they want meaning the top people want um
having the media sell it if that's not
enough they have a second method they
can rig the
election I'll give you one and by the
way everything I'm saying here is not to
be considered as a
fact I'm telling you what it looks
like is that is that
clear I'm just saying this is what it
looks
like so Mike covich was recently on uh
Tucker
show and I haven't watched it all but I
did see this one quote so this is Mike
covich explaining one of the potential
risks of the uh upcoming election so
Mike serich uh nobody can know um the
Tucker ask him what's going to happen in
the election and Mike says nobody can
know because the Democrats have all
these tricks up their sleeves that
people aren't prepared for for example
uh what they're doing now with motor
voter registration is they're
registering illegal immigrants who come
into the country and they'll just
Harvest those ballots it's really easy
to do we have uh 10 or 11 million people
in it over the past couple years on the
Biden
Administration um you register them all
the vote it doesn't matter because
they're not going to vote so there's no
voter
prosecution oh I didn't think about that
so you don't have to worry about the
voters getting in trouble because
they're not actually going to
vote um
so there's no voter prosecution and
there won't be any record of voter fraud
by them but you have all these names now
in a swing state remember the elections
are decided not by popular vote it's
decided by 50 to 100,000 votes in three
to four states so and then he talks
through how all you need is small
numbers toh tip the election now is that
accurate I don't
know I don't no but I I'll tell you
what's
obvious what's obvious is if if the
people at the top actually exist if this
is if this is a real concept if they
haven't figured out how to rig our
election
yet well it's just a matter of time it
means they're not trying hard enough
because these these would be the people
who had all the skills and all the
access and all the
capability so if they didn't rig the
election but they were willing to do all
this how does that make sense so if you
accept that the center part is reality
and again I'm not saying it is I'm
saying it's just what it looks like if
you accept that they would blackmail
people to get the candidates they want
and they're really the power then it
also makes sense since they have all the
tools they would need it would be
trivial actually and we still don't
understand why there are electronic
voting machines at all like nobody can
figure out okay it doesn't seem to to be
cheaper it doesn't seem to be more
credible to the public it doesn't seem
to be faster it doesn't seem to be less
maintenance so there might be a reason
that I'm not aware of but I've been
asking for years and nobody's ever
offered even an
explanation never not once nobody has
ever said Sky you idiot let me explain
how this works you have to have the
machines because and then they tell me
why
never happened not even
once anyway so if you imagine that the
center part is obvious and we've seen it
in action this week then it seems
equally obvious that they would have the
option for rigging an election whether
it was ours or anybody else they got
their mths
into and then it also makes sense if you
believe that JFK was assassinated by
members of the intelligence people that
it would be the same cap ability same
people same mindset and that they would
have the option to try to take out a
candidate so what we
witnessed was something that looks
exactly like this
picture meaning
that is it
true is that an accurate picture of
what's happening in the world I don't
know I mean I genuinely don't
know but if I had to make a bat
you know B your
life I think I'd be leaning toward
betting my life that this is closer than
whatever you were trained to
believe I'm going to make a little
diversion right now just for
fun
um Robert gelini who wrote the book
influence talks about a study where you
could get people to change their
opinions
by asking them to write down the
opposite argument from their opinion and
then they would check back with them in
a year and they found out that
statistically there were a lot of them
who had changed their opinion even
though they had received no new
information they had just been forced to
write their
opinion
and um what that shows is that making
somebody create a part of their
brain um which is really a physical
structure based on your experience you
know the physical brain changes that's
how you can remember anything there's
something physically that's different so
if you make somebody write an essay
that's the opposite of their opinion it
starts taking up more real estate in
their brain than their original opinion
and it turns out that we're very much
like AI we're a large language models so
whatever pattern is most dominant in
your brain you think is your opin
opinion I hate to tell you this is the
hypnotist point of view you think it's
your opinion because it's the thing you
thought about the most and has the most
structure in your brain it's not your
opinion it's just the thing that took up
the most space in your brain it's just
it's like a
machine if you have more Gears of the
machine in One Direction that's where
you are and then you put this
rationalization on top of it that you
changed your mind for reasons no wasn't
reasons did you know that when uh in the
J trial when they said if the glove
doesn't fit you must equit and you said
to yourself wow that's clever and then
experts later like me said you know it's
been proven that rhymes are more
persuasive and you say to yourself oh
Rhymes are more persuasive but I'm here
to tell you that the reason it's more
persuasive is it takes up more space in
your brain in other words the rhyme
makes you repeat it makes you remember
it it it hardens it into a physical
structure in your brain so the next time
you get asked do you think OJ was guilty
there's a structure in your brain that
irrationally has been formed by that
rhyme because it repeated and now you
think he might be benefit of a doubt he
might be actually innocent because that
glove didn't fit and it rhymed and it
took up space so whatever you do to take
up space in somebody's head convinced
them did you know that you can also
persuade some by making them repeat
something even if they don't believe it
so if you say I would like you every day
to repeat 10 times um I'm good at
playing
golf probably it would make you
convinced you were going to play in golf
eventually even if your golf game didn't
improve you would come back thinking you
know uh the score is still the same but
I've had so much improvement with my
Strokes that really and you would say
something ridiculous
and it would only be because the
repeating it every day created a
structure in your brain that took up a
lot of space once you understand that
humans and large language
models are the
same you will unleash a huge amount of
ability to understand your environment
because you'll understand why people are
doing what they do is what they've heard
the most now you know those people at
the top of that white
board do you know what else they like
you to
do they'd like your
children to stand up and look at the
flag and put their hand on their
heart and pledge allegiance to the
country do you know
why because they're building a structure
in the child's head so that their
rational thinking will not be able to
overcome the embedded pattern that they
are going to give their lives for the
country are they giving their lives for
the country in a
way but they're really giving their
lives to their
hypnotizers the people in charge have
been overtly consciously hypnotizing the
public since the beginning of the
Republic with different methods where
you see repetition such as standing for
the national anthem
that's that's the
hypnosis and where you see the what you
call the marxists and the people trying
to destroy the country where you see
them taking down the past and
dismantling history uh these people who
were slave owners stop talking about
them take them off your money Etc the
all of the
founders are part of that structure that
got put in your head when you were
little that made you loyal to your
country and so as those structures are
dis mantled and now when I think of uh
George Washington do you know what the
first thing I think of is slave
owner that's the truth if you said to me
hey George Washington what's your first
thought I would actually think slave
owner
first I I definitely didn't think that
when I was a kid even though I knew it I
mean I knew it as a kid but I didn't
think of it first so that's how the
large language model that is your
physical brain gets programmed it's just
whatever they put in there the most and
they own they own the news so the reason
that the people on top have to own the
news is not optional is that the only
way to control the citizens is
by increasing the frequency of certain
messages and that's the world you live
in and that's just one side of the
Whiteboard it's getting
Wilder all right uh if you watch Morning
Joe um you saw that uh uh Micah is that
her name Micah BR
brosinski Micah
brosinski um she's the wife of that uh
that guy John morning John anyway um
Micah says that when you pronounce k
Harris's name wrong you're a
racist so I don't know I think she's
right I think Micah Micah Bren
breny br
I think she's got a point there that's
super racist when you say somebody's
name
wrong um anyway moving
on uh the Harris versus Trump polls uh
apparently Trump has a 2.5% lead based
on 72 poles according to the hill
now uh I think the polls are largely
garbage at the moment because do you
know what's about to kick in
chug chug chug CH chug CH chug let's go
back to the Whiteboard the people who
picked KL
Harris control the
media you saw the media just flip and
lock lock step to tell you that KLA
Harris
was so awesome and it's amazing you
hadn't noticed till now there must have
been probably some white guy maybe Joe
Biden who is keeping her genius under a
she might be the most capable person
we've seen in I don't know generations
and by the way Trump's way too old are
you kidding me would you even consider
putting an old man into that office what
are you talking about
people and they will say that
stuff until 49% of the country thinks
it's
true and they've really seen the truth
there
because Democrats are largely large
language models and all they need is
repetition and they will become whatever
they need to
become um I think that the that Trump's
confidence in debating K
Harris uh might be for a show you know
confidence is a good thing to show but I
don't think that Trump can beat KLA
Harris in a debate
I guess I'll just say it
directly I don't believe that Trump can
beat KL Harris in a
debate because remember a debate is not
about who did the best by some objective
standard who won the
debate will be what these people say the
media so if the media says well that was
a that was total Destruction that kble
Harris I we you know we told you we told
you she was always a genius and you just
hadn't seen it till now but now she tore
apart uh Trump she made him look like a
fool and if I don't mind saying his age
was showing he seemed a little chaotic
he's got a lot of chaos um seemed racist
and uh I think he slightly mispronounced
her name once and you know if you happen
to be the person who allegedly called
know Nazis fine people and you said
Kamala just not exactly the right way
that's obviously racist and she won that
debate now you might say to yourself
Scott that's not true because both sides
knew that Biden lost the
debate that was the most special case in
the world when it's so bad that it would
just be laughably ridiculous
to say that Biden won when he could
barely
function that's not what we're looking
at we're looking at a woman who will
reliably
remember the the push back on each topic
she will do her
homework and she will know that when he
says on this topic she doesn't even have
to address it directly she can just say
the things she was going to say on that
topic she'll say it with a motion that
the news will say was amazing and they
will declare her the winner now you
might say to me but Scott Fox News is
going to say Trump won of
course of course they will and I might
even say that
myself but it won't matter because
everybody on Fox News was going to vote
for Trump anyway so no votes gained but
can you imagine how the entire
conversation
changes if they say she's not only ready
for off now she just beat an
ex-president one of the best persuaders
we've ever seen in a
debate and that's
coming what's coming is a a knockout
story that she she completely
annihilated the best Persuader we've
seen in
Generations we've never seen anybody
with that kind of a performance maybe
the best performance we've ever seen
might possibly the best debate of all
time just right there and they'll have
tears in their eyes and they'll say how
they love her they love
her I I I love
her I love
her all
right um have you noticed that K Harris
looks like at least two people when
she's being her prosecute herself um as
her supporters say she is awesome and
she seems On Target and by the way the
reason that I
originally thought that she would um
become Trump's biggest competitor back
in 2018 I was saying that is because I'd
seen her grilling people in a
congressional setting and I said to
myself wow you're pretty good at that
that was some good grilling and then she
had the you know the Dei check marks so
I thought well if you put the Dei check
marks there and she can look that good
in
public that's actually a strong package
I could see why she would go all the way
so that's why I predicted that she would
be the you know the big competitor uh
and it turned ENT Biden
instead but you've all seen the uh the
videos where she's acting
goofy and it's almost like a different
person isn't
it um it feels like almost a different
person I'm going to tell you an
experience I had where I learned how to
identify
this um some years ago I had a
girlfriend who was a chef and she liked
to uh cook for me while I was finishing
work before
dinner and uh before dinner we'd have a
delightful you know time hanging out and
uh then I'd do some work she do some
cooking and then we'd meet for dinner
and she was just an
 and I think I was talking to you
for you know two hours before dinner and
you were just the most delightful person
friendly now everything I say you're
like challenging and throwing it in my
face and so anyway the long story is it
turned out that she was guzzling my
vodka my uh that I used to have don't
have it anymore but I used to have in my
refrigerator while she was cooking so by
the time I saw her she was a different
personality now that's when I learned
and it took a long time to figure out
what it was it was months before I
deduced it but it turns out that when I
look at uh K Harris that's what I see I
see two different people and one of them
looks drunk to me now in her case I
don't think she gets drunk angry or at
least what we see is is drunk laughing
and drunk I love my school buses and all
those ven diagrams and you know the uh
unburdened by what has been although
that one maybe isn't drunk I think she
just likes saying that
um so I think the biggest story is going
to be find out that she has a drinking
problem you want another hint on that
I'll give you another
hint 92% of KL Harris's staff left in
their first three years as vice
president I think uh saw Molly haming
way post on that and that's the highest
I've ever heard I mean
have you ever heard of anything like
that and here's my
hypothesis oh and also there was a uh
there was an interview by Simone Sanders
was on uh that morning show uh morning
John with Micah brosinski and Micah was
asking Simone about what she thought
about KL Harris now she worked for KL
Harris uh not at the moment but she used
to work for
and so you'd expect that you know one of
the most important boosters of Democrats
you know somebody who's worked on their
campaigns I think with Bernie Sanders at
one point and Simone instead of saying
anything about Kell
Harris she instead talked about how
great Biden was and how you know
selfless it was for him to step down now
it seemed a little obvious to
observers that she was avoiding the
question
she used to work for her she's a
Democrat she wants a Democrat to win
here's what I think I think that the
staff got along with Kam except when she
was drunk that's what I think I think
that she may actually be known to the
staff as an angry drunk and I'm just
speculating but the the hints are all
there the strong hints so if I were on
the team who wanted to beat her in an
election I would be looking for her ex
staffers and I'll bet you you could find
at least one of them who would dump at
all because if Simone Sanders wasn't
even willing to put in a kind word in
the place where you were really really
expected to put in a kind
word I don't think she's
alone I don't think she's alone and if
you find out what that's all about that
might be quite
important all right well here's the uh
here are all the arguments that the
Democrats are making about Trump at the
moment let's see if you can find what
they have in
common see if you see any pattern here
so they say uh Trump's going to steal
your democracy he's going to implement
project 2025 that's got all kinds of uh
extreme extreme things in it uh he's
only in it for himself he's a cult he's
a sex offender and he's a
felon now how in the world can Democrats
sell those things do you see what's
missing does anybody see what's
missing he's not experienced that's not
up there because he's clearly very
experienced uh he has an unsuccessful
track
record you'd think that would be up
there if that's their claim
um his policies for the future are
bad where's
that is there oh yeah the age the age
that's the funny one now do you know
what steal their democracy means when
they have to give
examples here are some examples there a
few more that were as dumb as these um
he wants you to be able to own a
gun that's stealing your democracy do
you understand why
because if you're allowed to own a gun
then you might use that gun to go take
somebody's democracy away their their
freedom because you you know Rob them or
shoot them or something so allowing
people to do what the Constitution says
they should do have a gun is one of
their examples of stealing
democracy do you think the other ones
are better than that they're not they're
as dumb as that uh
I I think one of them is uh women's
Reproductive
Rights Trump has already said he doesn't
want to do any federal thing about that
at all he literally wants to be
uninvolved in it so he's going to steal
your democracy by being as consciously
and actively uninvolved as he could
possibly be and being opposed to the
things that you know you're worried
about so that's what they're complaining
about like you can't they don't have
anything that he he says he will
do that they're worried about and and
the first remember the first time he ran
they complained about the things he said
he would
do and you like close the border and
stuff and that he did it and it turned
out that was better than not doing it so
they have to make up these weird these
weird little tortured things oh oh the
other one was discouraging people from
voting that's how he's stealing your
democracy
have you yet met that person who got
discouraged from voting has anybody met
one has the news ever done an interview
with somebody who was discouraged from
voting because they couldn't get an
ID there's still not one example in a
country of you know 350 billion people
uh well voters would be what 150 but
they can't find one
example in one of the main pillars of
stealing your democracy all right
project
2025 he's got his own thing that's like
agenda 47 I think he he says this is
what I'm going to do and it's not in
that
document and they're still using it like
who who in the world
runs complaining about the thing that
somebody says they're not willing to do
I've never seen that before how about
he's in it for
himself I I I think they might be saying
that less after watching Biden hanging
on but did you notice the uh what they
all said um all the Democrats said
immediately when Biden
resigned they immediately said instead
of saying he was so selfish that he hung
on too long which is what we all
observed what we all observed is that he
was too selfish and he hung on too long
that's what it looked like but as soon
as he they forced him probably into uh
resigning
they turned it into oh he is so selfless
he know he's like George Washington
giving up power because their attack on
Trump was that he's in it for himself
and they had to change the story about
Biden who looked like he must have been
in it for his family or himself or
something and that that to immediately
make sure everybody said the same thing
oh what a what a patriot only only
somebody like a great found could do
something like
that uh then the other one that's funny
is that uh that cult that Trump SPS are
a
cult now do you know how they get away
with that they just make words mean
different things and definitions mean
different things than they mean so what
they mean is he's really popular and
people like him a
lot now let me test you since I think
almost all of you are Trump supporters
watching this right now um if Trump told
you to murder your Democrat neighbor so
that he could take full control um how
quickly would you do it would you be all
over that You' be grabbing a weapon
slaying the neighbor because you're a
cult leader told you to what does it
mean to be a cult leader what does it
mean to be a cult we we people can't
simply agree that they like a leader
they like a set of policies and they're
willing to fight for it
and that they turn it into a
cult to me it's just another way to
insult Trump supporters you know and uh
to imagine that one is a
cult is a little crazy a little
crazy uh then there's the uh you know
all the sex
offenses now that one's pretty sticky
because every every
female um who's ever had any passing
association with sexual
offenses is just going to be triggered
by that there's probably no way to
change that so you got a solid I know
huge percentage of the female population
who is just way too triggered about that
but if I were Trump or let's say a trump
supporter um people ask me how can you
support somebody who's been uh convicted
they say but that's not the right word
uh just 10 out of 12 jurors in the most
biased place in the world decided to
punish him because they didn't like him
probably uh so certainly the justice
system didn't operate where that was a
finding um and certainly that was
political so if you know it's
lawfare and you know it's political
you're 2third of the way to
understanding why it doesn't bother me
but here's the final one-third of why it
doesn't bother me number one Biden is as
credibly accused of things that are as
bad now that doesn't make him true it
just means he's as credibly accused of
things that sound as bad now here's the
final one-third which most of you would
not be aware of uh and it's because most
people who haven't been as canceled as
me can't tell
you public figures if they're male have
all been falsely accused of sex offenses
how many of you knew
that that important male figures like
the famous ones uh the Rich and Famous
ones they've all been accused of sexual
offenses falsely now some of them may
have done actual sexual offenses and I'm
not defending that obviously uh I'm
saying that it's the most common thing
in the world how do I know that because
I've been accused falsely of sexual
offenes I think everybody in my position
has uh I've told you about the the one
that comes out every few years so
there's somebody in Canada who's gets
offer meds I think and calls my business
partners you like Publishers and
syndicated syndication companies when I
had those uh my restaurant when I when I
owned restaurants they would call my
restaurant and tell a story about me
traveling up to Canada uh rifling
through her computers breaking into her
house and uh sexually molesting
her now if you just had some person call
you and tell you that story you'd think
well I think he did and maybe my
business partners did but at least they
called me and told me to happen I said
oh you know she gets off her meds every
three years and says that I've never
been to even the part of Canada she
lives
in now have I ever heard of anybody El
being falsely accused yes I can think of
two three
four four cases off the top of my head
in which I know from the woman's side
that she falsely accused
somebody do you how many of you know
somebody a woman who has admitted to you
in their own words not your opinion
their own words that they have falsely
accused somebody of a sexual crime
it's shockingly high now is it as high
as the ACT number of actual crimes I
don't
know I don't know but we live in a world
where false accusations are so common
but the regular public is not aware of
it the reason the regular public is not
aware of it is that if you're a public
figure the last thing you want to do is
say it in public like I just did right
so another benefit of being canel I can
say anything I want
public so I'm going to tell you what not
everybody knows it's really really
common the higher you go in office the
more common it is uh to be falsely
accused you know all that there's some
fund for settling these sexual
accusations against members of Congress
and a lot of people are saying we need
to see that list and you know who who's
doing all the
settling now
probably there are some serious and real
charges on that list but I can tell you
with certainty that some of them are not
real and probably just got settled
because it was easier so if you don't
know the percentage of real versus
fake and then this one that comes out of
nowhere with a you know with with a
bunch of suspicious elements to it in
the justice system itself they I think
they had to change the statute of
limitations to make it stick and you
know really sketchy stuff
then I find that it's no more no more uh
believable than any other accusation
against a famous man and I
say just because a jury was convinced in
New York that is not
persuasive a criminal trial I think I
might have been
persuaded but it wasn't a criminal trial
it was just do you think it's more
likely to happen and then people use
their bias because the question of is it
more likely yes than more likely no that
really brings in your bias it's like
well look at all the other things I
think Trump has done why wouldn't he
sounds just like him right so no he
didn't have any chance of getting a fair
trial so if he did those things then he
should be judged for them but I don't
think I have any way of knowing and so
my decision process is that for both
Biden who is also about equally credibly
accused
I say I don't
know I know that when I hear the
accusations they sound credible but I
also know that false accusations would
sound
credible so I give Biden a benefit of a
doubt you've probably heard me not give
him a hard time about you know similar
accusations so it's never anything I
emphasize because I just have a
different view of how often the fake
accusations
come all right
so and then of course they're going to
say Trump's a felon but the argument
against that is that they made him a
felon so the reason that he should be
elected is to get rid of people who will
use lawfare to to turn a person into a
felon that's how I would argue it I
would say I am absolutely a felon
because of you and one of the reasons
I'm running is to get rid of an
Administration that would lawfare
somebody like me to to keep the man of
office you're the the fact that I'm a
felon is the indictment of the entire
broken machine here's how the machine
works first they change you know then
you just go through how how the system
is
broken Joy Reed called the selection of
comma which looks like a done deal as a
Pelosi
coup so she's actually using that
word uh
anyway I I think what happened was that
Biden was threatened by the 25th
Amendment and the one thing he had to
agree to was to select or to endorse
somebody who would keep the racial
divide
going because I've got a feeling that
the people at the top don't want you
well the other side of the board uh the
people at the top don't want you knowing
that it's the rich and Powerful that are
your problem they want you to think it's
each other
uh if you're watching this and you're
thinking what's wrong with these white
people or what's wrong with these other
other people maybe you should ask
yourself who wants you to think that
way if you realize that you're a large
language model brain ask yourself what
content has been put into your patterns
the most and who did it was it the
media that made you think about race all
the time why would they do such a thing
it's so you're not thinking about
something else all the time something
that would be maybe more directly
applicable well Eric
Holder I guess he's in charge of vetting
camel KL Harris's uh
picks and his law firm uh also does a
lot of work in Dei audits to make sure
big companies comply with Dei let's see
Eric
Holder is doing a selection for kamla
Harris and his Law Firm is deeply into
making sure that Dei is functioning in
every big
organization who is he going to
pick I think all the white people that
were named as potential um presidential
candidates uh are probably also thinking
they're not going to be vice
presidential candidates but it might
depend entirely upon how it polls
so it might come down to whatever polls
the best wins so that she might have the
option of a white white guy in this
case we'll
see all
right uh let's talk about cheel director
cheel of The Secret Service was grilled
by Congress um I noticed that
Representatives Luna and
mace uh were they seem to take the lead
in attacking her which was smart because
cheel is getting this uh Dei accusations
you know that she's a Dei hire and I
wouldn't say that there's direct
evidence of that but it always has to be
your top three um suspicion in this
case uh and so having the uh two of the
strongest members of Congress who also
happen to be female go hard at her was
probably your best play I haven't seen
anybody notice that they took the
lead if they didn't take the lead they
were at least um the most explosive uh
the most uh the most
um strategic and the most damning so
they did a great
job anyway um I keep noticing that
people who are not answering questions
acting like they're under duress and I
swear cheel acts like she's under
duress she does such a poor job of
Defending herself that it looks like
she's signaling that she's being told
what to do now can I prove that no would
I bet my life on it
no that's just what it looks like to me
it doesn't look like a genuine person
acting in a genuine way it looks like
there's some Force pushing her outside
of her and she's almost subconsciously
signaling it I guess it's the hypnotist
in me the hypnotist in me says that if
she's being forced she would choose
different language than if she were
doing it
voluntarily so if you weren't paying
attention to the exact language Choice
you'd say well you know she's just
saying answers to questions but if you
look at the language it's so poor and
you know that she couldn't possibly be
that poor at communicating that it just
signals that are subconscious is sending
you a separate message so that's the
hypnotist frame on
it anyway some bipartisan task force is
going to look into it I don't know if I
trust any of
that um and the biggest story that
nobody wants to talk about is that the
debt crisis is coming and there's no way
to pay off the debt
crisis does anybody know should we do
what kim.com says and buy gold
I don't know if that's really a good
idea but I don't know if it's a bad idea
should you get Bitcoin if you think uh
the dollar is going to be worthless or
does Bitcoin become less valuable too
somehow uh what about real estate is the
reason that people like Black Rock are
buying all those homes is that they
think real estate Will Survive the crash
better you know because at least it's
physical you know paper money can
disappear but it l is still land so
someday it might be worth something
again I don't
know um but I would like to see why our
candidates are not being asked about
this now this is a case where I believe
that there would be an enormous
Advantage for Trump if asked the
question what to do about the national
debt have you noticed and I'll bet you
in the next debate nobody asks the
question now the national debt is our
number one problem you all know that
right if you made a list of all the
problems in the
country it would be all the other
problems in the country put together
would be a distant
second to the national debt do you all
know that we only have one
problem a uh a friend of mine used to
say that uh if you can solve it with
money it's not a
problem if you can solve it with money
it's not a problem the one thing we
can't solve with money is the national
debt it's it's so it's our only problem
everything else alog together are you
know things we wish were better but
they're not going to kill us climate
change isn't going to kill us we're
probably not going to run out of food I
don't think we're going to get in a
nuclear war I think Ukraine will figure
out a way to wind down I think the
Middle East will always be bubbling but
maybe not much worse than it is I think
the economy will survive I think robots
will will figure out a made make them
work but the debt is
unsolvable as far as I know nobody's
ever even suggested a
solution so imagine if in the
debate the Liars in the media who
obviously are trying to cover up this
problem because they have to know it's
the only real problem
um they should ask the question what
would you do about $175 trillion
debt now if they were being honest
they'd say with the question um and
nobody believes that you could grow the
economy enough to make a difference what
would you do because you want to take
away Trump's first take at it because
Trump just says I'm going to grow the
economy and by the way I'll cut your
taxes that'll make more taxes available
do you know how little that would make a
difference like if he if he doubled the
GDP which isn't going to happen but what
if he did not even close yeah no nothing
he says will even
be anywhere near an answer
but whatever Trump says on that topic is
going to be 100% better and more
believable than whatever Comm her says
because she doesn't understand the
topic she won't be able to talk about
debt I don't think she understands it
and I'm I'm not sure anybody does
honestly because the national debt is
not like personal debt it's a whole
different
deal but but I think at least Trump
knows where all the levers are if you at
least know where the levers are you can
make a case that okay uh you know in the
long run we're going to have to get our
robotss to lower our costs oh here
here's what here's what Trump can
say the only way we can survive this is
greatly lowering our costs not just in
the government but in your personal
lives because probably the money will
have to
deflate so however much money you have
now the only way the debt goes away is
your money is going to be worth less
your dollar is going to be worth 50
cents someday maybe 10 cents
the challenge will be to make sure that
10 cents or whatever you're left with
can give you a high quality life and in
the world of robots and AI if you also
have lots of energy you would need oh by
the way here's one of the biggest things
in the world that just happened China
just successfully tested a shutdown of a
Gen 4 nuclear uh Power
Plant now if that doesn't mean if you
don't immediately get what a big deal
that
is uh you can't shut down a regular
power plant without a meltdown say you
turn off the energy it it would melt
down and that's the big risk but the uh
the so-called fourth generation and this
is the first production one I've seen
put into play in China they did a
controlled shutdown where they just
turned it off and all it did
was turn off it worked
now this is a design that has been
talked about for years but it just takes
a long time for the engineering to catch
up with the science so they can actually
build the thing but then now they built
it they've proven that you can build a
fourth generation nuclear reactor you
don't have to wait for Fusion so the
solution would be if I were Trump I'd
say here's the deal we're going to need
a bunch of fourth generation maybe some
third generation uh power plants we're
going to make sure that we have some
designs that are approved by the federal
government we're going to make sure the
federal government removes any
roadblocks we're going to make sure that
the waste is stored on site so there's
no extra risk to the
community uh and we're going to build
them like crazy because whoever has the
cheapest energy in the future wins so
we're g to we're we're going to make an
energy race to lower our expenses so
that our cost of energy will be dropping
dropping but we'll also have the best AI
because you need the best energy to get
AI we'll have the best electric cars um
and we'll be able to with completely
voluntary process get more electric
vehicles but without telling you you
can't have a gas car eventually you're
still going to want the electric vehicle
because the cost of electricity with
these new energy plants will go down to
almost nothing to power your electric
car but your gas is still going to cost
something because there's no way you can
make getting gas on of the ground cheap
although maybe the robots can so these
things are harder to predict than you
think all
right
anyway there was a study on Ubi giving
people a $1,000 a month it just made
them lazy and
stupid that's all you need to know
giving people money made them worse off
not better off they weren't even
happier um my next idea is that if the
uh Republicans want to be
anti-abortion they would be far more
credible if they also worked on
something for
adoption and here's what I would suggest
I don't think this is going to work for
Republicans because they're so pro-
family and it would go like this there
should be a second track for single
women who get pregnant and don't want to
be a
mom in other words there should be
something that everybody knows about
that you could say oh wow you know what
I'll give birth to the baby because the
country needs babies according to Elon
Musk and he's right we need more babies
and somebody is willing to put me up in
a nice place I won't have to work for
nine months and somebody will actually
pay for my baby in other words I will
I'll come out ahe perhaps I will study a
skill you know while I'm pregnant so I
don't have to go to work every day maybe
I can just you know learn a skill so
that when I'm done I got paid for having
a baby I lived in a nice place I gave
you know birth to life I didn't have to
go through an abortion I learned a new
skill and now I'm I'm back better than
ever so to me if Trump could come up
with a an alternate path that is not
there's no pressure no pressure it has
to be a free market and you say we want
we want abortion to go to zero
and here's how serious we are and we
want you to know that we think it's
murder it has nothing to do with your
freedom whenever murder is involved
freedom is of course always in play but
we'd like to be as positive as possible
because I think Trump could sell
that I think he could sell we're trying
to be the most kind Freedom giving we'd
like we'd like women who have a baby but
no husband or the husband left or
whatever
we want to make sure that they get the
maximum best life if you're bringing a
human into the world you're not garbage
like maybe you you know other people
would say you are you're you're a
star you're a star if you can bring a
person into the world in America so we
want to really help you do that we want
to celebrate you and while our first
choice is that you be part of a family
first choice is that you're married
first choice is you know you do the
treas traditional family but we realize
things happen and once things happen
we'd love to give you a better
option than terminating the
pregnancy I think that would just be a
great argument to have in the public
sphere
anyway
um did you know that uh there's another
study that says that loneliness makes
you age faster and
die did you know there's another study
that says being outside in nature just
10 minutes makes you healthier how many
times have I told you there's a new
study on those two things going out
Outdoors makes you healthier immediately
especially bare feet especially in the
sun in the morning you know that's the
huberman thing and loneliness especially
you want to defeat now I'm going to
solve both of those for you you ready
your president Trump you say we have a
loneliness epidemic in this country
here's what I suggest
every night eat dinner and as soon as
you're done with dinner walk outdoors
and with the rest of your neighbors take
a walk because your blood sugar will go
immediately down if you take a walk
going Outdoors will make you immediately
healthy and walking with your friends
will give you some less loneliness so
organize with your neighbors that you'll
pick a time let's say it's 6 p.m. and at
6 p.m. you'll all meet after dinner and
you'll just take a walk you don't have
to walk the whole way you can go halfway
and come home but you're going to meet
up with your neighbors you're going to
introduce yourself you're can have
something to do the trick with
loneliness is you have to have an
organized activity with a you know
common goal which is a walk and it has
to be people that you're going to see
more than once you do not get invested
in people you're not going to see again
so it's got to be repeated exposure to
the same pool of people for a common
thing that's how you cure loneliness if
Trump said I'm going to cure your
loneliness here's what you need to do
that would be
amazing organized walks after
dinner and there's some kind of metal
that seems to be creating oxygen under
the ocean which means that maybe oxygen
didn't come entirely from
photosynthesis which means that maybe
there's oxygen in other places in the
universe which
means maybe you can add some oxygen to
Mars without plants
if you knew what the chemical um
reaction was and that ladies and
gentlemen
is my show for today I think you'll
agree it's one of the finest shows
you've ever
seen would do you agree yeah it was yeah
one of the best things you'll ever
see and uh I'm going to go talk to the
locals people in a
minute how'd I
do uh we've got a secret we're not going
to tell you all right uh thanks
everybody on YouTube and Rumble and
X um I'm going to say bye to you we'll
see you tomorrow same time same place
and uh I'm going to go talk to my local
subscribers privately have a great
day
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e