bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
hey Kevin come on in here grab your
coffee where are the rest of you come on
it's time Andy
Pat come on in all right I think you may
have noticed that it's sort of a slow
news day so far so far could get more
interesting let's talk about a few
things that are happening that are
interesting you may have seen the
president's tweet in which he tweeted a
clip of Schumer his nemesis Schumer who
is his nemesis on immigration in
particular saying pretty much exactly
what the president says except it was a
while ago and the president wasn't
saying it as president or candidate so
Schumer was completely on his side I'm
not sure how long ago that clip was but
nothing changed so it's sort of
disgusting to see the level of awfulness
however however let's look ahead a
little bit imagine if you will that what
Chuck Schumer said about immigration
whenever that clip was must have been
several years ago was completely in
agreement with what President Trump says
now so what would happen if the
Democrats get control of let's say the
house let's say Congress is split does
that make the odds of a good immigration
package better or worse because the main
reason that the Democrats won't play
with the Republicans is because they
just don't want to give the Republicans
a win
it's not because they disagree right I
mean they pretend they disagree but you
can tell from the
the video clip is humor that he doesn't
really disagree on on the main points so
what happens when they can get a wind so
if there's a mixed Congress the
president would have to work with the
Democrats to get something through which
would give the Democrats some kind of a
win so we may have a situation where a
mixed Congress actually helps this
president possibly on health care
possibly on immigration it could happen
I think that I don't think you can rule
out that President Trump will come out
ahead if the Congress is mixed now if
let's say you goes the other way let's
say there's a red wave and the president
gets even you know more Republicans in
power well unless those Republicans have
a dominant position where they've got
enough of them that they can just force
anything through they're still going to
be in this weird middle ground where the
Democrats would still have enough power
that they can thwart them so we might
come out ahead and even Republicans
might get more of what they want with a
few more Democrats in power so you can't
really predict how this will go
I'm not telling you that's what I prefer
I'm telling you it's not predictable and
if I had to if I had to you know got
into head and I had to predict I would
say that a mixed Congress will get the
president more power not less it's
possible
but the other thing that I'd like to
somebody said Trump's black approval is
at 36% I believe that's based on a typo
I saw Candace Owens doing a video in
which she said that black support was I
think 39 percent or something but then
you look at the actual numbers and it's
more like 29 percent yeah so I don't
think the 39 is real I think that was
actually just a typo 36 percent I don't
know let's look at the numbers it's it's
much higher whatever it was and that's
important one of the things I had
underestimated is how amazingly
unpopular Omarosa was in the black
community apparently she was quite hated
for being on Trump side 36 is a new poll
huh Wow does that seem does that seem
possible I mean let me just google that
36% or s moves and let's see if that
pops up
holy hell you are not kidding me Trump's
okay I thought you were kidding I
honestly didn't think that was even
possible now again remember the critics
are going to say that Rasmussen you know
leans Republican but it was the
Rasmussen zoned poll the shows that
going from 19 to 36 so this this day
last year was at 19
it literally doubled in one year well
well well
congratulations to Candace Owens I don't
think anybody has more to do with this
do you probably Candace Kanye West of
course and you know
that's a big deal but it feels like
Candace is the one who pulled everything
together now what I'm curious about
though is how can this plays on the left
you know we we see her all the time but
I'm not sure I'm not even sure how much
attention she gets outside of the you
know the right silo so do you wonder if
there's something else going on there
you know if you were to look at all the
different forces that might be behind
this
probably the economy is the number one
thing but the the the second thing is I
don't think being tough on immigration
so the president's being tough on
immigration
I think the black community is kind of
looking at that and saying it's hard to
see how this isn't good for us you know
one of the great things about our system
is that you are allowed you're allowed
to vote for your own self-interest it's
a democracy you can vote for whoever you
think is good for you
you don't have to vote for who is good
for other people you can you just don't
have to and I think the probably the
african-american citizens of this
country are saying to themselves well I
don't want to sound like I dislike you
know I don't want to sound like I
dislike illegal immigrants because I
might sound like a racist myself but
it's hard to avoid the fact that if
there's less immigration there's less
competition for jobs on the low end and
that might be important so something
tells me immigration might be the secret
sauce that allows everything else to
work that plus good employment another
factor might be that and I said this
before that the Democratic Party it has
sort of self branded itself a
female-centric party and I don't know if
your if you're a male african-american
Democrat if you're feeling entirely
comfortable there anymore I don't know I
don't know how that feels
I would love to see the split has
anybody seen this have you seen the
split in the african-american polling
between the male and female and whether
or not there's if I had to take a gas
and this is just a guess
all right I'm not gonna I'm not going to
bank on this don't make this don't make
this one of my predictions that you
grade me on if I had to guess I would
guess that there are more male African
American citizens who are moving to a
pro-trump point of view than female I
think just guessing I'd love to see some
numbers on that now I put in the title
of my periscope that I tweeted a article
about RBS the Royal Bank of Scotland and
apparently they've been caught there
must be some tapes or something in which
members of the bank in the lending
department we're talking about how they
were quite aware that they were
destroying the housing market and
therefore much of the economy of the
United States by making loans that they
knew to be fraudulent let me just think
about that a gigantic bank was making
loans mortgage loans apparently that
they knew to be fraudulent and they knew
would destroy the economy of the United
States according to these recordings
that are alleged so let me add allege to
all of this just to stay out of trouble
so alleged alleged alleged alleged
alleged all right now I'm not in trouble
now you might ask yourself Scott why did
you tweet this is it because it's a
slow news day well it is but that's not
my interest is it because it's a banking
story and I used to be a banker no no
that is not why it has my interest it
has my interest because years ago I had
a little trouble with the Royal Bank of
Scotland yes I personally a little bit
of a trouble with the Royal Bank of
Scotland now I'd love to tell you about
it but let's just say lawyers were
involved a lot of lawyers and I can't
tell you about it because one of the
things that lawyers often end up doing
is saying hey when this is all wrapped
up how about we don't talk about it so I
can't talk about it but let me tell you
a few general things that I can I feel
safely that I can say one is this there
are two things that you want to avoid in
this world there are lots of things you
want to avoid but I'll talk about two of
them one is you don't want to ever get
in a conflict with an entity that has
billions of dollars and very expensive
lawyers if if I can tell you anything
that would be good advice do not get
involved in a dispute with an entity
that has billions of dollars and can
afford very expensive lawyers don't do
that here's the second bit of advice
don't get in a dispute with an angry
cartoonist there's also a hypnotist and
will stop at nothing to crush your
 balls don't ever do that you
should never be an a either one of those
situations just a general statement so I
can't tell you more than that I can just
tell you that the Royal Bank of Scotland
is one big frickin piece of crap if I
may implore you if any of you do
business with the Royal Bank of Scotland
I would ask you to stop consider all
alternatives if you're working with any
kind of a subsidiary just now if you're
American you know you this this can go
for the rest of you too
but if you're American you should know
that they tried to destroy your country
and that you should never do business
with the Royal Bank of Scotland based on
this article in Business Insider because
now we know that they were trying to
destroy your country Americans why would
you ever do business with them again so
that's the end of my little rant I wish
I could tell you more I wish I could
tell you more but that's all I can tell
you now there's some news I just tweeted
this out article in Breitbart Joel
 had an article about Brennan
so Brennan has apparently written his
own response to losing his his
intelligence credentials or his
intelligence what do you call it
clearance and he said that a big part of
why he started the investigation about
Trump collusion was because of Trump's
joke in public where he said hey Russia
if you've got Hillary's email let's see
him I think it was Hillary's email right
now how many times have I told you
they're one third of the public can't
tell the difference between a joke and
you know something that's not a joke
I'm not kidding about that it's roughly
a third of the public quite literally
doesn't have a sense of humor
I would go further I will go further and
tell you that I'll bet there's some day
here's a prediction this one you can
bank on here's a prediction some day
23andme and other places that check your
DNA they will be able to determine if
you have a sense of humor seriously you
will be able to know genetically if you
have a sense of humor I did 23andme and
it's fascinating how much it does know
it can know stuff like blue your hair
turned lighter in the Sun do you have a
sneeze reflex when you see the Sun what
kind of allergies you might get both but
the one they just gave me an update and
one of the updates was that I would not
be very good at holding a tune so in
other words I'm a little bit musically
ungifted if you know what I mean
whereas Christina my girlfriend who is
musically gifted you know she plays a
number of instruments at a very high
level she her her tests came back and
sure enough is said that people with her
DNA are usually musically gifted not
usually but strong propensity now if
your DNA can tell if you are musically
inclined or you know you can hear tones
right I'm I feel confident in saying
this someday they'll be able to
determine if you have a sense of humor
and it's going to be devastating because
a third of the public is going to be
outed as not having one I know if you're
not a professional humorist this is hard
to believe because if you see a crowd of
people at you know and there's a
humorist and it seems like they're all
laughing but if you were to zoom in on
the audience and it wouldn't matter who
that could be
was if you zoomed in you'd see that
about a third of them are not laughing
they're just like they're looking at the
people around them laughing they're like
wow people are laughing I suppose I
should at least clap a little bit I
think some of this is funny
but I can't really tell now that's very
much the way I listen to music being a
on the low end of music appreciation
where I am I still like you know a good
song but I've noticed that I mostly like
music when I'm around other people who
are liking it in other words I'm picking
up something from the the social
interaction so that if other people are
really loving a song the odds of me also
loving it go way up so that's that's how
unmusical I am that I'm just completely
influenced by the by the crowd
so Brennan may have started one of the
most important political witch hunts in
history based on not recognizing a joke
and I'm not even making that up I feel
fairly confident in saying that what I
just said is literally true that the
head of the CIA has almost destroyed the
United States because he didn't
understand an obvious joke was a joke
now he might be lying about that you
know it could be that he's just using
that as an excuse and say uh it was
really about that thing he said that you
know didn't look like a joke to me so
maybe it's just maybe it's something he
wanted to do when he just needed what I
call a fake because you know it was it
was already inclined to do it but he
wanted you wanted to wait so we don't
know but
it's entirely possible and we can't rule
it down at this point that he started
something that could almost destroy the
planet Earth you know if you imagine
that it could be a ripple effect of
destabilizing the United States which
causes god-knows-what nuclear war but
that's sort of on bredren now if you've
got a guy who is willing to put the
entire stability of the world at risk
because he can't tell the difference
between a joke and a serious statement
that guy's gotta lose his security
clearance at least I wouldn't want him
anywhere near a decision would you after
after seeing how Brennen responded to a
public joke would you want him to make
any important decisions by that anything
I mean that's some scary stuff and
having watched him in public now for I
guess two years would you trust him in
any kind of job like I don't know what
kind of job I would trust that guy
because we've seen we've seen some bad
judgment and bad intentions probably I
don't want to be a mind reader but there
are some things we can say that are
objectively true the it looks like bad
judgment to us so we can say that we
can't read his mind though all right
somebody says is it true that Brendan is
Muslim there's no evidence of that but
he is a friend to Islam I think I think
we could say that which is not a bad
thing you know there's there's nothing
wrong with being a friend to all the
religions but I understand why it's
raising a raising an eyebrow but that
alone I don't think that alone is
something you can you can bank on
well you could bank on it if it's the
RBS Royal Bank of Scotland yeah if you
want to bank on Brennan your bank should
be the Royal Bank of Scotland that would
be the one why haven't I sipped yet
that is an excellent question how often
do we get this far into coffee with
Scott Adams without a simultaneous sip I
think we're gonna have to catch up do
you have your cup your mug your vessel
because it's time for the simultaneous
if now I know that what some of you are
thinking I know what you're thinking
you're thinking dear Miss Scott I'm not
gonna take a simultaneous sip just
because you want me to what are you
trying to do to me I'm a free thinker I
will never have a simultaneous sip and
that's fine for those of you who want to
go against the grain you want to go the
other way
that's good but I think I can speak for
all of that all of you who have enjoyed
the simultaneous sip it does make the
coffee taste better and if you haven't
experienced that well you have to take
our word for it
and now the simultaneous soup somebody
said I was slipping past the sale which
is very funny
simultaneous resistors didn't I say I
had something else to talk about today
can somebody remind me what I put in the
title of my periscope here oh by the way
if you're watching my periscopes on
youtube if you're watching them on
youtube make sure that you're watching
my actual account there there are some
fake accounts that take my periscopes
and put them on youtube they are not me
so look for real coffee with scott adams
i tweeted the actual link to it
yesterday so you can see it in my
Twitter feed so please watch that one
yes the when hub start-up my startup is
now listed on coin pulse I'll have more
about that on another periscope but
we're now able to trade the when tokens
that are part of the interface buy win
hub app I'll talk more about that
another time Scott are you trying to
fleece us no I'm trying to make an app
that I think will be useful in a whole
variety of ways including education and
keeping lonely people company you know
the if you haven't seen it my my app the
interface app it's available in stores
and I'll just say one thing about it
it's designed so that anybody can sign
up as an expert at anything you just
have to know more than the people who
want advice from you and that you can
set your own price and when people can
immediately call you so you're available
now somebody says oh I want an expert
and they're immediately on a video call
with an expert at the price set by the
expert but I'm starting to think that
maybe it's larger application that would
be useful is keeping people company I
saw that they're in
Japan middle-aged men are actually
renting themselves out to give advice
that a middle-aged man would would know
and just keep people company have you
heard of that and there are other people
I think who are making scads of money on
YouTube who just eat it's just a YouTube
of somebody eating their lunch and it's
and these are used to largely just keep
people company and I'm thinking how many
people would pay just to have somebody
hang out with them for a while and it's
probably a lot because keep in mind that
you know the price could be quite
reasonable especially if it's somebody
in another country somebody who just has
some free time maybe so he just wants to
do it so it might be that the the
biggest application is just somebody who
wants to provide some companies and
milds advice and life advice and that
sort of thing I was thinking the other
day about how much knowledge I have
accumulated in my way to long life and
how if I didn't share it it would be
just sort of stranded you know by the
time you reach my age and when you've
been involved in this many different
businesses as I have and you've seen the
ones that worked and the ones that
failed you know I've got a I've got a an
MBA degree in economics
I've been probably an involved and I
don't 25 different businesses one way or
another
when you've done that many things you
have all this sort of I hate to call it
wisdom but it experience
locked up in your head and it's just a
shame that it would be stranded there so
there are lots of people like me who
have tons of knowledge that they can
unlock I've said this before about race
relations and particularly the
african-american community and also
women so this is something that we
and african-americans citizens have in
common which is if it's true that the
people who mostly have the power and the
influence in our society are our white
men you know just on average they've got
more of the power and the networks and
the the connections and the experience
and all that if that's true and I think
most people would say that's where it's
concentrated if you don't have access to
all of those people then you don't have
the biggest financial asset that a
person could have which is who you know
who you know especially if you were
related to him that helps a lot is gonna
be everything who you know really really
matters and I've said this before but
especially in the me to era if a if a
professional woman let's say a woman in
the in the business world wanted to get
some advice or network with a man and
said hey how about you know would you
like to go to lunch what what would that
man or should that man say or do in the
era of me - I don't know if the man is
going to take the lunch and if he does
you might have to invite you know
somebody else there just so we asked
them you know some witnesses so you're
not going to get the same kind of
interaction that two men will get it's
very common for a man to say hey yeah
but a cup of coffee like I get that
request all the time the the number of
men who have contacted me to say hey do
you have a minute let's you know for a
phone call cup of coffee and of course I
say you know most of the time I don't
have time but lots of times I say PR and
then they can get connected to whatever
people I know wisdom etc and it's free
doesn't cost him anything most of the
time but if a woman made the same
request inside a day he do you want to
meet me for lunch I wouldn't take that I
would not go to lunch with a woman in
the era of me too
and how how devastatingly bad is that
for women you know I'm not talking about
me in particular but you are so it's
such a that is such a bad situation now
let's take you know a similar but
different situation for african-american
let's say people in the business world
who want to you know one a network want
to connect now I would of course if it's
a male if let's say if it's an
african-american male I would definitely
take the lunch take the coffee you know
if I have time time allowing is always
the biggest thing but I would take that
but do they ask how many
african-american men have contacted me
compared to the number of let's say
Asian Americans you know in Indian
Americans and white Americans that group
very easily contacts me all the time so
it's just almost every day somebody in
one of those groups says hey can I talk
to you can i connect can I get some
advice can I do something but the number
of African American men who contact me
is low lower than you know their
percentage in the population even and I
don't know why that is exactly and but I
assume that it's just a little less
comfortable that's a gigantic gigantic
disadvantage and so I'm hoping that the
interface app may be one of the things
that could do is just make it easier to
contact somebody that you wouldn't
easily contact maybe you wouldn't go to
lunch with them but you'd have a you
know you might have a phone call and the
other advantage of the interface app
this is my startups app is that you can
be as anonymous as you want to be
because the the person on the other end
is not going to get your phone call or
your contact information so only the app
knows who you are or had
contact you so if you're a woman and you
wanted some advice from a male but you
didn't want to have that male have your
phone number which is probably pretty
common the interface app would let you
do that
all right so if you pay them do they
have to be nice to you well we hope they
will be all right I think I've said
enough now let me let me just add one
other thing if you haven't yet gone to
the website blight Authority dot-com
then you should check it out because
that's where Bill pulled a and I have a
website where we can collect ideas about
what to do with these blighted urban
areas you know what to build on the
blank you know the empty pieces of land
and we we have a denial of service
attack that came out of China which
doesn't mean that China was behind it
you know I suppose hackers could have
taken over a server in China and
directed it to attack the site but so I
thought to myself of all the websites in
the world that you are going to attack
with a denial of service why that one it
literally has no negative anything to it
it's just a collection of good ideas to
help people who need help in the urban
areas you know something to to build
something that would be positive there's
literally nothing about that that's
negative and that gets a denial of
service attack I mean who is that awful
that that's the thing you attack I mean
it's it's mind boggling that anybody
would even bother so so anyway
you can either go to blight to Authority
or the blight Authority
I believe they both go to the same page
and give us your ideas I'll be talking a
lot more about that in its own
periscopes there may be some exciting
things coming up soon but I can't say
anything about that yet because I don't
know but there might be some exciting
developments are so stay tuned and I
will talk to you another time maybe
sometime soon see you later