come on in here
it's time for the evening relaxation
it's like a slippery delightful slide in
which you slide into a good night's
sleep
yep I have that uninteresting tonight
and you'll be drifting off to sleep so
good I have to show you this scene over
here hold on view
let's boo the cat standing behind my
circle light hey boo she knows we're
watching her all right for those of you
who or that was the least of least
useful thing that ever happened all
right let's talk about some things that
happened first of all let me check in
can I get a fact check how long has it
been since we saw signs of life from Joe
Biden can somebody give me a read on
that because I don't think he was around
today right and is that three days in a
row can somebody give me a fact check on
that
has anybody seen Biden on video or even
I don't know phone call in the last
three days because if not I think it's
already the end of the road that would
that would be my guess if it's true that
it's been three days without saying then
he's already decided to or he's in the
process of deciding to get out of the
race
Thursday somebody says the last time we
saw huh all right well I I'll keep
looking at your comments in case
somebody saw something here's something
I've been trying to figure out there's
all of this business
with a corona virus okay most people say
three days yeah there's the business
with the corona virus make it more
likely or less likely that we'll have a
green new deal do you think it'll be
more likely or less likely I think a or
C on a tweet today that was celebrating
the collapse of oil prices and it was a
let's say it was an inelegant tweet that
I believe she got rid of it but I'm
trying to figure out what happens to the
green new deal if all the demand for oil
goes away leave you know there's no
commuting is it possible that the corona
virus solved climate change that's not
impossible right because I don't know if
you've you know looked out at the
streets if you've left your house or
anything but there's not much traffic
happening right now and you know what
all the traffic that is happening is
essential and here's a big question I'm
wondering I'm wondering if people will
just decide that they didn't need all
the stuff they had before and here's the
theory behind that if you ever heard the
theory of baseline happiness it's the
idea that you're sort of set and how
happy you can be even if conditions in
your life get really good you don't get
much happier and if things are really
bad yeah you do get you get sad if
things are really bad but does it last
that long you know a year later or
whatever after let's say a death in the
family or something you tend to drift
back to whatever happiness level is your
baseline and we all have a different
baseline so I'm wondering if people are
discovering that they've been in
lockdown long enough that even though
nobody would choose it probably nobody
would choose it except introverts it's
pretty good times for introverts I have
to I have to admit being an introvert I
I'm getting through this a lot better
than most of you but I'm wondering if
people will realize that their happiness
level didn't change as much as they
assumed it would because if I said to
you I'm going to take away all your
freedoms and you'll have to just stay in
a house and you know you'll have to
worry about everything you'd say to
yourself well there's no way I'm gonna
be as happy and if I had and if I asked
you you'd probably say you're less happy
because you have more stress and
uncertainty and those things are real
but I'll bet you there's way less of a
change than anybody would have predicted
I'll bet that a lot of people are just
getting through it just fine yeah now
the people who are literally worrying
about eating or not getting certified
but I'll bet you a lot of people are I
would like to give a shout out to the
task force for satisfying by need for
good explanations of where we are on
test kits now as you know I have
I've just been railing railing about the
task force not giving us useful
information because it's at a context
they were just giving us random numbers
and stuff 10,000 ventilators 15,000
masks and we couldn't tell what was that
enough is that too much and then we
ended up with triple the number of
ventilators partly because the
projections were were overcooked but
partly I think also because we didn't
have good visibility of who could do
what and how fast and what we need and
all that but if I if I had to give a
grade to the administration for
ventilators
let's say let's say we're just
separating the report card and we say
you know ventilators I think I'd give
them an A+ for ventilators because given
that the requirements of the government
were pretty much if you know in my
opinion the requirements were
at all costs don't let anybody die
because they didn't have a ventilator
and if that means making too many of
them I think that was the choice that we
made so the fact that we made too many
and we have to give it away I think I
think you just have to say that's a home
run because they started making up in
the context of thinking and they might
actually need them if we have too many
well it's good news
so I'll give him an a-plus on the
ventilator it's actually very impressive
it also looks like we're not going to
run out of anything else as far as I can
tell so that looks pretty good too
looks like we won't run out of anything
and but I was always unhappy with not
knowing it as it happened now the the
testing facilities are the other big
wildcard and I felt that until today we
were not getting any information that
was useful in the in terms of the public
saying oh it looks like we'll get out of
this in a month or a week or whatever
you seemed like we needed to know where
we were on testing because that was the
base of it all but the task force did a
great job today and they brought out
they brought a some young guy Brad
somebody who just nailed it like and the
whole time he was talking I kept
thinking where you been hiding this guy
this guy was perfect he seemed to have a
complete command of you know where we
were with test kits and supplies and
stuff and then the the other the other
folks I don't remember all their names
but the generals and the Admirals and
stuff and I thought they did a really
good job of breaking it down
you know what's where and it took a
while to get the distinction that
sometimes they were talking about the
test facility and sometimes they were
talking about the physical supplies that
you need to put a sample you know and
and send it to the lab so it looks like
we were in better shape we're in good
shape in terms of tests facilities and
machines and they seem to be everywhere
you would need them all over the states
and we were less good shape
or at least have been on the supplies
this you know swabs and stuff
but it looks like you know if you
believe the taskforce report it looks
like we're very very quickly gonna get a
good handle on that but the bottom line
which the president and the taskforce
said is that the states already have
enough to do testing to get to phase one
and that seems like the minimum
requirement if you have enough to get to
phase one and that's why we're all
shooting for it's not perfect you know
we don't like to have a way more tests
but it turns out even if you had I
forget who said this but it sounded
smart they even if you had way way more
tests you would still be so far away
from having enough tests to just test
everybody that you really couldn't get
there but if you did test everybody how
often do you have to retest you know so
so somebody who's somebody who's
pointing out that you really can't guess
so many tests that you just like nail it
down because you've tested the crap out
of it that's sort of an impractical gold
I don't know if that's true but somebody
smarter said that but rather you go for
whatever's the the weakest you know
biggest leverage the the best leverage
and I guess I believe this is testing
the people who are the same in the
environment with people were infected
so first responders and nursing home
people then somehow somehow that's going
to be the best targeted use of the test
I hope that's enough but I would say
this was the best I think the best
taskforce report and in my opinion
showed a great deal of competence now my
favorite part about it was when I think
it was CNN correspondent asked the
question of Mike Pence and said hey if
if you say that that the states have all
the testing that they need why did the
governor of Maryland have to go to South
Korea to get to try to buy supplies and
now the first thing you need to know is
that the supplies they were Buy
were the part that was in short short
supply it was only the testing
facilities that are quite generously
everywhere and have lots of capacity so
the governor was talking about supplies
that they got from South Korea and if so
CNN they asked that question and pence
says how can you put up the Maryland map
and within seconds there's this big
visual aid of all the testing centers in
Maryland just and if you weren't
following along and you didn't know that
the question was more about the supplies
than it was the testing facilities it
looked like it looked like pens just
totally dunked on her and then he sort
of changed the subject and she I know
she didn't follow up I don't know if she
didn't understand that he wasn't really
answering her question directly but in
any event it looks like even Maryland
gossip supplies so I think I think
everybody's okay so there's that but I I
I guess I was impressed because you
don't see somebody using a PowerPoint
slide deck that effectively where
somebody asks a question you just slap
this map up there and you're like next
question even though it didn't really
answer a question all right what's up
with oil prices huh what is up with oil
prices I know you have to understand oil
prices obviously it's very temporary
because almost immediately the you know
the supply will will change so I would
assume it a little drifts back up but
man what what are the odds that you're
in the airline business and fuel goes to
so cheap that it would be the best time
to be in the airline business except
oops
can't be in the airline business either
so here's a yeah yeah no one asked that
question
oh so Ken Burns
PBS is releasing a whole bunch of Ken
Burns films for teachers and students to
to use for the online in the history
courses which is like the best idea ever
because this is really where online
education is going it's going to be like
a Hollywood production so that when
you're watching it at home it's way
better than being in a class and
listening to a boring teacher and
listening or watching the Ken Burns
History movies are really good I mean
that's that's a pretty solid way to
teach history if you ask me so I think I
think you're gonna see free college you
there will be free college but it'll be
online college alright so here's a
question for you I know just enough
about economics to be confused about
stuff why is everybody saying Kim Jong
and has some issues is there some news
about Kim Jong that I'm missing because
I just looked at the news before I turn
it on I didn't see anything about that
alright so here's the question if the
20% of the people who are unemployed in
rough terms are probably or for the most
part they're the people at the lower end
of the economic spectrum and there's
still a lot of cubicle dwellers and
millionaires oh wow people are reporting
that Kim Jong un is actually so that's
really a thing unless this is the
greatest prank ever because you're
already you're all saying the same thing
all right let me check it in real-time
I literally just oh whoa in grave danger
after surgery what do we know about that
you all know more than I do about that
so there was a speculation because he
wasn't in public and it's tightly
controls we don't know number of so it's
basically rumors which doesn't mean it's
not true
but how does anybody know all right so
he had a key and he had a cyst removed
from his ankles and somebody says it's
easy to be wrong on this one said yeah
so some experts that it's easy to be
wrong on this one so I wouldn't bet on
Kim jong-un being brain-dead but we'll
see we'll see anyway here's the thought
experiment if the people who mostly are
unemployed were also the ones who
unfortunately were the lowest end of the
economic system how much how much money
do we still have in the system should we
get back to work in a month or so how
much money would we still have to start
stimulating demand so if you assume that
the there was 20% unemployment so let's
just say the 20% of the public really is
just flat broke
and they'd be lucky they'd be lucky to
get back on their feet and just sort of
break even but they're not going to be
generating any kind of you know demand
by you know buying a lot of extra stuff
so the people who lost here's where I'm
going to this the people who lost their
jobs while it's a big scary horrible
number at a tragedy by any description
it also is not a large part of the total
amount of money in the country that
drives demand is it this boy so this is
sort of a statement slash question
because I'm a little uncertain if I'm
missing something big but you know we
talk endlessly about the the top 1%
owning most of the the wealth and let's
let's say the top 20% owns 80% of the
wealth I don't know what if one of the
exact numbers top 30% pick a number the
the point will be the same and the the
point is this they're at the top the
people who had all the wealth even if
their wealth is compressed by a third I
think that
is what will happen to me so I think my
net worth is probably down by 1/3 but
probably not enough to radically change
my you know my normal consumer level you
know I'm gonna get as many haircuts and
you know probably go out to dinner the
same amount so the point is if the
people at the top even though they they
had a you know great contraction in
their wealth just like everybody else
they still have plenty left so as soon
as they can buy things do they not have
a lot of money to go buy things if it's
true that the people at the top always
had all the money anyway so here's the
question when we assume that the economy
might turn into a depression you could
break that down to specific problems
like credit and being able to you know
eat right I mean the thing that will be
broken when we go back to you know when
we get back I don't think it will be
just demand because I think demand might
come back faster than you think because
the people with money still have some at
least they have enough to drive drive
demand I would think yeah but the big
problem is so many people are going to
be behind in bills and missed payments
but I think we can solve that it seems
to me that we would be able to fairly
cleverly solve the credit problem either
by making exceptions or saying hey
everybody who went through this just
push all of your bills ahead three
months you know and we'll if that causes
some company to go bankrupt a little
backstop them for a while you know
there's probably some clever ways we can
work through it but I am expecting that
will we might come out of it
way better way better than the most
optimistic predictions and I think it
could be because of that because because
nothing's broken now here's the other
thing that I think could not be modeled
so when the prediction models
figuring out how bad things are going to
be here's something that can't be
modeled the effectiveness are for
communications in 2020 in 2020 anybody
who knows anything that's important to
help underpin Demick if it's known
anywhere it's pretty much immediately
known everywhere because good ideas
spreads pretty quickly and so we have a
because of our good communication we
have a society that is super
self-healing so you could you could take
almost anything and throw it into this
you know big ball of civilization and it
could break just crazy just break stuff
break your whole economy destroy
buildings everything but as long as the
the humans still could communicate our
ability to use that communication to
quickly adapt and make plans and move
resources and stuff it is somewhat
breathtaking so I think our recovery
doesn't account for how well we
communicate and that it creates almost a
superbeing with self-healing powers and
how much money they're still left and
the people who will drive demand like
they probably usually do because the
people who didn't have money weren't
driving a lot of demand all right I
tweeted a an article by an MD Peter Atia
atti a if you want to look for him he's
Peter Atia MD on Twitter and it was a
really good article and I'll try to
capture the gist of it and he was trying
to figure out if there's some way we
could tell now or ever
whether what we experienced was that the
models were all wrong or that we were
super effective in mitigating like why
is it that the models were so wrong
because we were so good or the models
were so wrong or is it a you know a
little bit of both and if so you know
which is the dominant part real
important to know that right I mean we
really really want to know
and he suggests that we can actually
know that Sunday because when we can we
can test enough and we're not there yet
but I think we'll reasonably get there
maybe you know two months or something
we should be able to figure out how many
asymptomatic people there are so once
you have a good so Wow Kim juggling is
brain dead according to NBC all right
well well I'll check that out as soon as
soon as this is over I don't think
anybody knows what that means
right but I wouldn't rule out
coronavirus wouldn't rule that out wow I
wonder who's in charge this could be
really interesting
all right and not in a good way I don't
think it'll be war but it's gonna be
interesting times anyway Peter attea
says that we will actually be able to
test and we will actually have an answer
so isn't that interesting
somebody says Katy tur deleted her tweet
does that mean we're not sure
CNN is Republican at your comment CNN is
reporting Kim Jong is in critical all
right so I guess the thing we can know
for sure is we don't know right sister a
botched medical procedure you say a
botched I wonder if it was botched how
botched was it anyway so will we will
someday know the answer whether we
overreacted because the bottles or
because or we were just really super
effective well now I just want to go
look into that because that looks like
this will be the big story so we're up
to 41 thousand deaths in the United
States from the coronavirus the model
that had been lowered to 60 I don't see
how we're gonna stop in 60 do you
believe that we're so we have 41,000 and
the model was lowered down to 60
you think we're gonna go from 41,000
already and that by the end of the year
were still gonna be below 60 or even a
16 does that seem reasonable to you now
I get that you know you're gonna level
off and stuff but we just sort of
pushing those deaths into the future I
don't really get how we would expect
like you know I'm no no expert
biology modeler but I know no modeler
but it seems to be almost impossible
that we wouldn't shoot past that sixty
thousand number because we'll be going
back to work
and of course they'll be flare-ups I
mean I think we're actually gonna hit a
hundred right at our current rate I
would think that going back to work
would put you over a hundred thousand
easily I would think that would still
make the models wrong I think but I
think that's where it's going all right
I said if 5,000 people die Trump loses
reelection well you know thinks whenever
I make a prediction about the election
you should always hear a voice in your
head that says unless something changes
and then this then the second voice says
right after that and something will
change cuz it always does so any any
predictions are sort of absurd because
too much is going to change between now
and then but I believe that because
people would feel so happy if it were
under a hundred thousand that that would
pretty much guarantee election if it's
over a hundred it's kind of it's gonna
kind of look like Trump was in the the
governors were right to you know treat
this as a serious problem so there's
lots of ways that Trump can win this
because if it turns out to kill more
people than and I hate to put that in
political
but if it turns out to be worse than
than the people who were not worried
thought they're gonna say oh I guess
Trump was right all along it was pretty
bad so I think the worst it would the
worse it is up to a point actually helps
him in other words put numbers on this
if I had to say let's say it let's say a
capped at a a hundred and fifty thousand
just for a conversation that's not a
prediction but let's say at the end of
the year there were by election day
there were 150,000 that one of the
things that that would tell you is that
it was just as bad as you thought
because we wouldn't even be done that
would tell you that by the end of the
year maybe it's not 200 or something so
I think Trump would actually look better
even if death count is higher up to a
point because then people would say okay
he's he he was you know being pretty
tough on this yeah he seemed a little
too optimistic in that first but you
know now we know that it wasn't a hoax
now what what if he goes the other way
what if this 41,000 just like you know
we're so good at it it just goes and
stops below 60,000 yeah we hope it does
what if it does will that will people
say yay president Trump you really
nailed it you did the best that you
could possibly do probably not because
even if we've got these you know other
tests to find out you know did the
mitigation work or where the models
wrong or was it both even with that if
there's a small number or dead people
are gonna say it was all a hoax and he
closed the economy for nothing even
though that doesn't make sense because
we don't know what would have happened
if we hadn't done it go either way all
right I think we can go check on kim
jeong-hoon well I would I would you know
I'll tell ya I
somebody's asking me if I'm stoned no
not at the moment as matter of fact I'm
tired but I'm not stoned
I've got a feeling Joe Biden might have
an announcement this week I would say
you know every day that goes by that you
don't see him in public makes it more of
a certainty that that he's being talked
down in the race well we don't know as
if there's been any decision about who
would replace him or even how they would
handle that I mean you know there was a
report that Biden was starting to pick
his cabinet picks no not his cabinet he
was there was a report that Biden was
trying to pick his transition team for
when he won and I thought to myself I
don't think that's happening I don't
think I don't think Joe Biden is picking
a transition team for when he wins I
don't think that's happening maybe but I
don't think so all right well I will see
you in the morning let's go check the
news and see what's what