oh I bet you came here to see a
show so I should probably give you one
that's my notes printing out right
now soon as I've got them well then we
got a
show let's get your comments up
here do this
right be right back
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams you can
call this Super Bowl Sunday too that's
fine but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels and nobody can
understand when they're tiny shiny human
brains all you need is C marar glassa
tanker chelse Stein a canteen jgo flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dope beans here the day thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go so good well after this
show uh Owen Gregorian will will be
doing his spaces that's the audio only
feature of X so if you're on X check out
Owen Gregorian spaces right after the
show pretty soon after the
show well the Super Bowl is today how
how many of you are watching the Super
Bowl how many of you couldn't care less
about the Super
Bowl how many of you were only going to
watch the Super Bowl to see if Elon Musk
really bought $40 million worth of
commercials to talk about Doge I don't
know that that's confirmed I didn't see
any reliable report on that so it'd be
fun if he did but I don't know that
that's real I guess we'll find
out um apparently non-alcoholic beer is
surging did you know that it's going to
be a big non-alcoholic beer commercial
on the Super Bowl so I guess sales of
non-alcoholic beer are up 26% in the
last
year non alcoholic beer is up
26% in one year just this last year
there's something
happening do any of you have an idea why
this is happening because it would seem
to me that life is pointing in the
direction of maybe you should drink more
not
less you know if you're all worried
about the state of everything from
climate change to politics to the
deficit why would people be drinking
less I mean I'm happy that they are I
think it's the whole alcohol is poison
meme
maybe meanwhile one of the AI companies
called Pika
labs they just introduced a new AI
feature that blows my freaking mind and
you're going to see so much of this they
can now take you a video of you and drop
it into like a movie or an existing clip
and the existing clip will interact with
you so the example was um somebody made
a video of themselves walking inside an
AI environment that looked real and
actually
high-fived an AI character just turned
around the high five and the so so the
AI actually makes the
characters interact with you in the
AI so you can high-five a character in
the character knows what you're up to
and high fives you
back
what now if you haven't seen the demo of
it it's just totally
mind-blowing so how many times are you
going to see somebody add themselves to
some existing video like an old
movie is you're going to be so sick of
that remember when we were first able to
you know do an image of a public figure
and we all had to do it like a 100 times
but then once each of us did it 100
times we didn't really need to do it 101
times and didn't really need to see any
more of it so you can get tired of it
pretty quickly but it's going to take a
while because if you can drop yourselves
into you know the the Star Wars ship
like you could actually be high-fiving
the
W and then send that send that uh I mean
think about the meme
I I think you could just do things like
all right put me in the scene from Star
Wars where I'm in the uh Millennial
Falcon is that what it's called and have
me high-fiving a wook and then it'll
just
appear my God
anyway that's coming coming out you
fast well Trump did what only Trump can
do uh insulted the royal
family but made it so funny that that's
the only thing we remember so I guess he
was asked Trump was asked on Friday um
if he's in if he wants to deport Prince
Harry and he's he said he's uh not
interested in in deporting Harry um he
says I don't want to do that uh I'll
leave him alone he's got enough problems
with his wife she's terrible oh my
God could could we have a more
entertaining president I'm not going to
deport him because he's got enough
problems with his wife she's
[Laughter]
terrible now if anyone else said that
you could imagine it would be like an
international incident when Trump says
it I imagine uh like King Charles over
there like I imagine him just reading it
and laughing
[Laughter]
like how do not laugh at that it's just
[Music]
beautiful well uh Senator
Kennedy was uh talking about some I
guess there's some issue about a an
island in the middle of nowhere that uh
the United Nations wants the United
States and maybe Great Britain to hand
over to somebody and uh so I don't even
know the issue but Kennedy was uh
talking to you know talking publicly and
appealing to prime minister starmer over
in the UK and and he says put down the
bong he said it three times you got to
put down the bong you
know you know when Kennedy is such a
good communicator that's why he always
gets sound bites on TV because he has a
way with words but I always think like
he's talking to me personally like
that's the the sign of a good
communicator is you think I think he's
talking to me personally well I've never
felt it more strongly than them let me
tell you anyway here's another thing
that Trump did that's funny um so you
know he had this lawsuit against 60
Minutes apparently it was for1
billion 10 billion and it was for the
edits they did to the K Harris interview
on 60 Minutes and the thinking is that
um they fixed their answers they
tightened them up with edits so that
maybe she would do better in the
election so is claiming 1010 billion of
injury but here's what he did he just he
just increased it to 20 billion after
they released the
transcript now here's why that's
brilliant if the only thing you know is
that he he doubled his ask from 10
billion to 20 billion and the only thing
that changed is that we got to see the
full video and transcript from 60
Minutes your automatic assumption is
that his case is stronger because is
asking for twice as much now and the
evidence is now public and we can all
see it now I would agree that the
evidence was public and we can all see
it they definitely edited her answers to
make it her look more coherent that
definitely happened I'm not sure he's
going to win the suit because it just
wasn't that different from the way the
media edits anybody else so that would
be their natural defense is this is sort
of what we do to everybody we make them
look smarter as as long as we don't
change the answer as long as it's the
same
answer you know and that is generally
considered ethical or least ethical
enough that the subject never likes it
we like our entire quote to be there all
the time but I'm not going to complain
too much did you know that in written
interviews it's not uncommon to put in
quotes and attribute to a public figure
such as myself something we didn't say
did you know that St
how many of you knew that that they
actually put in quotes like you really
said this exact thing something you
never said and and they do it explicitly
because you didn't say exactly what they
wanted you to say so they say it
themselves and they attribute it to you
now you think I'm probably making that
up oh but I've had it
happen yeah more than once it's actually
a fairly common thing now if you were if
you were just a consumer of news would
you know that would you know that it's
not even unusual for a major publication
to just make up a quote and assign it to
you because I think it's a good usually
it's because I think it's a good summary
of what you said something like that
maybe they'll take two quotes and stick
them together because they sound good if
you put them together but they are made
up if you didn't know that Welcome to
the Real
World not every time they're made up
sometimes they're just out of context
anyway um here's a funny summary by Adam
Corolla of how Biden and Harris
destroyed the Democratic party now I've
told you a number of times there's
nothing funnier than a good
summary because sometimes the situation
itself is just funny but if you describe
it with too many words you can take the
funny out of it if you describe it with
just enough words just barely enough
words it's
hilarious so Adam Corolla you know being
one of the better communicators in the
world and also professional humorist he
gives you his summary of what happened
to the Democrats and I'd like to just
read the whole thing all right Adam
Gara uh quote 10 minutes ago you had Joe
Biden who doesn't give a about
black people and or women the guy's
never even met his biological
granddaughter for sake you think
he cares about women he doesn't give a
 about black people or women he
decided that he needed a black female
vice president uh then took someone who
was incompetent and put her into that
position and then when the old man that
that you lied about ended up having
dementia he fell off and then you guys
were stuck with an incompetent black
women black woman and you couldn't get
rid of her because you can't get rid of
a woman of color and replace him replace
her with a hetosexual white male so then
she ran for president nobody
liked her and she lost the election so
keep going
[Laughter]
retards I think that's summed up the
entire situation that's what I saw so um
you've heard of malicious
compliance you've heard of that it's
when somebody you know gets a command
from their boss or from the government
says You must do this but they find a
way to do exactly that but only that
which makes it not work in other words
if they didn't use their own judgment
you could come up with a bad a bad uh
solution so instead of using their
judgment they just follow the rules and
if you just follow the rules you can
break
anything so in in a weird sense this is
sort of just a bad analogy what the
Democrats did was follow their own
rules and their own rules are okay black
woman higher than black man black man
higher than higher than uh you know
white man so they've got this whole
hierarchy of who's the most I don't know
the most valuable person in the world
and then they rank him if they stick
with that they were guaranteed to paint
themselves into this exact corner where
they had to prefer the least qualified
person who was possibly running because
to do otherwise would be well you know
sort of
racist so they created a system
that guaranteed their failure and then
they sat in it and ran that system which
guaranteed their failure guaranteed it
it didn't you didn't know how like you
didn't know the specifics but you could
guarantee that if their main emphasis
was identity over competence the system
would collapse and you could guarantee
that if you told everybody they get to
complain about the problems with their
identity group and that that's the most
important thing they should do that you
would have a a group that could never
coordinate well enough to mount an
effective
attack now if they didn't have the
entire fake news um supporting them
there wouldn't be any Democrats the
Democrat Party
requires
brainwashing if if they had good
policies they wouldn't require it even
today they're they're still confused
because they think they had good
policies and exactly the right messaging
and they just can't figure out maybe
there's just so many racist I don't know
why we lost they still can't figure it
out
unbelievable everybody knows what they
did wrong except them they're the only
ones who can't figure it
out
well um so a judge blocked the
Doge project from access to the treasury
Treasury Department
systems and why would they do that well
um it's
because they're not civil servants the
Doge people are not civil servants so
the the judge is blocking them now it's
temporary so that this this could last a
week and then go away but what's the law
that supports the idea that you have to
be a civil servant to have access to a
system when the president who is the
boss of all the executive
branch appointed them to go look at it
are you telling me that if you had
Auditors and they were from let's say a
private auditing company and you hir
them to audit the government they would
not have access to any of the
systems so it's kind of ridiculous so uh
musk is calling for the an impeachment
of the federal judge I don't think
there's any practical way to do that uh
I don't know much about how that works
but it seems to me that you probably
want it to be difficult to impeach a
judge so I'm guessing it's not really
something that's going to happen but
unbelievable
so here's
uh well well there's more so uh the Doge
project is already uh penetrated the
Consumer Protection Bureau the Consumer
Finance Protection Bureau the cfpb
we're learning that there are so many
entities I mean we knew there were a lot
of government entities but it's just
dizzying to to hear all the names and
figure out what they're up to so their I
guess their website is glitching and the
employees are mad the usual thing when
Doge goes in there and they think it's a
five alarm
crisis um however Russ vote the new OMB
director he says uh he's notified the
Federal Reserve that the cfpb will not
be taking its next draw of
unappropriated funding because is not
quote reasonably necessary to carry on
its duties the bureau's current balance
of over 700 million is in fact excessive
in the current fiscal environment this
spigot long contributing to their
unaccountability is now being turned
off so
unaccountability is going to be the
keyword the more Doge looks into the
government spending the more you see
wait a minute that's not
audited that's nobody's keeping track of
this it gets much worse um I was
watching a video that it's not a new one
but it's uh not too long ago um John
Stewart was interviewing the number two
at the Pentagon about how their system
they seem to be losing a lot of money
and it's not auditable and she was just
sort of laughing and mocking him for not
understanding that an audit the
inability to audit is not related to his
claims that there's Fraud and Abuse and
John Stewart despite being left
leaning doesn't let her off the hook and
he's like well you know if you can't
account for the money that we're giving
you and you can't tell tell us where it
was spent that's a lot like waste Fraud
and Abuse to most people and she argued
that they were different no no no no you
have to distinguish between the ability
to audit which we don't have and the
waste Fraud and Abuse which is not
demonstrated
because we don't have the ability to
audit but don't you for a minute think
that are intentional abil inability
intentional of course it's intentional
because everybody would knows how to
build a system that can audit your
expenses That's Not Unusual or hard so
it's
intentional that they have an
unauditable system are you telling me
that somewhere there's a non auditable
system that spends over $800 billion
dollar a year and there's no fraud waste
or abuse it's probably mostly fraud
waste and abuse because if it's
unaudited and it's nearly it's nearing a
trillion dollars what the hell do you
think is
happening it's pretty predictable so
there's that
anyway
um I think the uh Pentagon budget will
be where we find out if Doge can
survive because you know you see the
resistance trying to firm up you know
the media's has got their little fake
messaging so the the fake news has
surrounded USA and the USA people are
saying oh no we're just a charity which
of course they're not it's a fake
charity but Democrats don't know the
difference apparently and and uh it's
it's a real charity but they only do the
charity where they can influence other
countries so they're not in it for the
charity they're in it to influence the
other countries
so so all that's happening but when uh
Doge gets into the Pentagon the I think
the level of resistance and the level of
dirty tricks and the level of push back
legal and illegal is going to be through
the roof because there are some people
who are going to go to jail I think when
the Pentagon gets audited if you can
even do it so I think what I think what
Doge will find is there is no way to
audit it one of the things that Elon
wants to do with the treasury Department
is ADD codes to each expense so you can
audit later it's not built to even pay
attention to where money went the
simplest thing that any system that
handles money should do is make sure
that every expense is documented or
coded in a way that later you could sum
them up and say oh look what we spent on
this look what we spent on that and youd
know where your money went it's pretty
basic stuff every corporation would have
it there would be no such thing as a
corporation that didn't do it so it has
to be
intentional it has to be now when I said
that I said it on X this morning that it
looks like the systems were
intentionally designed for
fraud because it's so
non-standard to have an unauditable
Financial system handling billions of
dollars trillions trillions of dollars
un
auditable You couldn't possibly do that
unintentionally you couldn't
accidentally do
that there's no way you can get there
unless that's actually intentional now
that sounds like pretty conspiracy
theory stuff but I said that X and Elon
Musk said yes
100% he he actually backed up the theory
that it appears to be you can't read any
minds but it appears to be designed for
fraud and it's really obvious because
nobody nobody nobody would build the
system the way it is for any other
reason there's no other reason to not
track your expenses
can you think go on let let's put under
a thinking cap well what's the other
reason for not tracking expenses in the
trillions of dollars huh well I'm styed
I'm a professional creative guy I can't
think of another reason so if anybody
can come up with any other reason that
they would design a system the only one
we know
about that's big dollars and doesn't
track anything the only one in the world
well the only one in the United States
you just tell me because then I'd like
to see how I'm
wrong anyway so it's the social listen
to you I actually it was the social
security system that is the one that uh
Elan responded to so listen to this the
Social Security
database this is what Elon posted he
said uh he just learned that the social
security database is not
duplicated now if you don't know what D
duplicated means it means that it allows
you to have the same social security
number many times
over let me just say that
again the social
security
budget is going out to all the people
who have a Social Security number and
reached a certain age social
security the system that does that
you're not even going to believe this
you're going to think I made this
up doesn't check to see if the same
social security number has been used
more than
once I'm not making that up that's what
Doge just
discovered we didn't know that the
social security system that decides who
gets paid what doesn't know if you if
you've used the same social security
number 10,000
times
what now that this is the one where I
said it looks like it's designed it's
designed for fraud um I was conflating
it with the Treasury System which
doesn't have the right codes in both
cases you would only you would only
design these systems this way for
fraud can you imagine if you were
designing the social secur
system and you didn't check to see if
there's a
dupe the most basic thing you would want
to check the most basic thing now you
might say oh but Scott the system was
designed so long ago that they weren't
so smart no there was never a time they
weren't that
smart there was never a time when
everybody didn't know the most important
thing is to check you're not using the
same social security number more than
once do you you know why we have social
security numbers so they don't get used
more than
once the whole point of them is to make
them unique why so you could check to
make sure somebody didn't use it more
than once and then they build a system
that doesn't check to see if it got used
more than
once how is this even real people how is
this real remember when I said I thought
that it's possible that the entire $2
trillion deficit could be solved by
getting rid of fraud and
waste now Elon thought maybe a third to
a half of it could be reduced by this
fraud and waste I don't know I don't
know maybe all two trillion we have
holes in our system that are so big and
and I I've said this before but I can
never understand why there are so many
rich people in the
world and maybe this is why that some
you know a third or half of all rich
people got there through fraud
makes me
wonder anyway um some of you know who
Caris Wier and Scott Galloway are so
they've got a uh podcast I think it's
called I don't know what it's called but
they're they're sort of professional um
complainers about Republicans basically
and
um they what Scott Galloway said on a
recent podcast about the Doge people he
said uh I want to see Democratic
Governors use the Full Faith and letter
of the law to put those folks in prison
he says doge is a coup and he wants him
put in
prison
for doing what the executive who is in
charge asked them to do to check where
the money was
going and he wants them in
prison
now
um so Elan combat he goes swisser and
Galloway are threatening talented young
software Engineers or um who are giving
up on high compensation for death
threats in order to help the American
people he says shamon swisser and
Galloway cruel mean and deceitful human
beings that they
are well to me they look like just two
people with severe mental illness who
got a
podcast and I say that with complete
seriousness it just looks like mental
illness
um it's hard to describe it I mean it'
be hard to understand it in any other
way so one of the most dangerous things
in the country is that people with
severe mental illness can have
podcasts it's pretty
dangerous
um so I guess uh msnbc's Chris Hayes was
on uh was on Bill Mars Show recently on
Friday and he said that uh you know this
is part of the Democrats trying to find
the right messaging because they still
believe they have the right policies
despite every poll showing that they're
unpopular you would think that if every
poll showed that their policies are
unpopular like
everyone that they would say huh if
every poll shows that they're maybe
maybe we're unpopular no they've decided
that the words are the problem so
instead of diversity Chris Hayes points
out that that word got politic Ally
failed so they should change the word
but mean the same thing to patriotic
pluralism
oh well so see if I was racially if I
were racially discriminated against for
50 years which I was for being a
white man and they use that word
diversity to racially discriminate
against me for 50 years you
every one of you who did it mostly white
people by the way just to be clear the
people who discriminated against me were
white men trying to save their own asses
so every one of them uh so so I I
can say that because I'm I'm a white man
so every white man who who did this
to other white men
um patriotic
pluralism
now is this a case of somebody not
understanding anything about the
situation or the world or nothing about
how persuasion
works I I listen to my smartest Democrat
friend the other day uh he gave a
compliment to Trump and I was like whoa
all right this is progress you know that
there was actually a legitimate
compliment that he gave Trump here was
the compliment he
gave that Trump is really good at
marketing wait wait
what that's it he's good at marketing so
that's why he won cuz he's good at
marketing you don't think it has
something to do with the fact that he
was backing the most popular policies in
the
country you think that that's
marketing I mean he's really good at
branding and that stuff that's true but
if you switch the policies do you think
Trump could have sold
diversity and open borders
and um trans men in women's
sports do they really believe that that
all you'd have to do is you know do a
little bit marketing and you can make
the least popular ideas in the country
the most
popular what is wrong with them and the
only thing I can think of is that it's
just cognitive dissonance because if
they admit that they've been completely
wrong about everything how can they go
back to work their jobs are to be right
about stuff they weren't just not right
it was like they' never had any
experience in the field in which they
were supposed to be
experts yeah the the funniest thing that
I hear when people criticize me is that
when I talk about some Topic in the news
there's always at least one troll that
says something like oh oh Scott now
you're the expert in physics oh oh Scott
oh now you you're the expert in
international geopolitical Affairs oh oh
I see you're the expert on Healthcare
now
Scott and I say to myself have you paid
attention to how experts are doing I'm
an expert at identifying
 that's that's what I am so why
are you denigrating my expertise I have
a pretty good track record of
identifying before other people
spotted it I'm literally famous for it
so you know don't sell my expertise
short anyway
um the uh fentel cost according to Fox
News Emma Colton has a story about some
people did some estimates of what the
fental um problem is causing the United
States in terms of money now the way the
calculation was done is they put a value
on human life
okay that's a little sketchy but then
they said how many people who died and
what age were they and how many years
were taken away and what were those
years worth in terms of Value Plus you
know other expenses and they came up
with 2.7 trillion doll expense for the
fentol that's coming the the opioid in
general but fentol being the biggest
part of
that now do you believe that uh anybody
can calculate the financial cost of
fenel well this is one of those things
where your assumptions Drive everything
if you assume that a person's worth $10
million a year and how how many years
they're going to live and you can get to
a pretty big number pretty quickly it
makes me wonder if this is um part
of the Trump administration's
negotiations so even if even if other
people would debate whether you
calculate did this correctly think how
powerful it would be to go to China
China and say all right here's our
study apparently you just cost us $2.7
trillion now let's talk about
tariffs so number one you're going to
have to pay us back $27 trillion that's
the starting place that's before we talk
about the unfair you know balance of
trade day one let me tell you you ow
$2.7 trillion then you go to Max Mexico
you go Mexico $2.7 trillion that's what
you owe us so if we ask for less than
that or we get less than that in a deal
you should be pretty happy because you
owe us $2.7 trillion so for persuasion
really
useful really
useful uh I'm glad they did the
calculation well Trump continues to
remove people's uh security clearance
and here's what's interesting about it
the people he's removing the security
clearance from seem to be the people who
were most closely related to the worst
parts of the government you know the
Deep State the uh I would say the
conspiracy the RICO conspiracy against
Trump I'm going to call it Rico because
it looks like it as far as I can tell
it's organized it looks like they
coordinated and it looks like it was um
to overthrow the you know the legally
elected president of the United States
and to illegally keep him out of office
with lawfare so they're the criminals
these are the people that may not have
broken an actual law uh but if you
looked at the totality of their actions
all criminal now what's useful about
cancelling the uh security clearance is
that it helps you
identify the criminal conspiracy now
again this is my
my view of it so this is you know
allegedly and speculatively it's a
conspiracy but to me it looks very much
like they coordinated and I'd be
literally amazed if it were not you know
proven at some point but here are some
of the characters who are losing their
security clearance Anthony
blinkin
yes Leticia James Alvin Bragg yes and
yes Jake Sullivan
uh I don't know
who uh Deputy attorney general Lisa
Monaco she was Deputy attorney general
under Biden um and then attorneys Andrew
Weisman Mark Zade and Norm
Eisen now that's interesting why did
they have security clearance they're the
most
anti-trump um people on MSNBC now if
you're an anti-trump person on MSNBC
you're not trying to be a news person
you're just part of the resistance you
know the cou plotters the criminal
organization so this is one way to
identify all the prairie dogs who have
been doing what looks like a criminal
conspiracy so I I'll just keep saying it
looks like one from from as far as we
can tell from our perspective it looks
like it was a criminal conspiracy from
and it's been going on for
years is it well we'll find out but it
looks like
it so Trump has ordered the Secret
Service to give him um every bit of
information they have about his wouldbe
assassins the two attempts on his
life now here's my first
question wait a minute how long has
Trump been president now I know it's
only a few weeks but are you telling me
he still doesn't know everything to be
known about the Assassin attempts on his
life
what shouldn't that be like one of the
first
meetings so now he's ordered them to
tell him everything uh it's in the New
York Post Miranda Divine Divine yeah was
writing about that and uh he said I'm
entitled to know of course he's entitled
to
know yes yes he's the president of the
whole United States he's entitled to
know what the people in the executive
branch know about his assassination
attempt why did he even have to ask for
it my god do you think they're going to
give it to him if it's something that
would implicate any of the people who
have it
no I don't think he's going to get it
but it certainly makes sense that he ask
for
it well Elizabeth Warren
was some say destroyed by the community
notes on x so in a little uh video bite
she was she was uh saying that she
doesn't take any money from Big
Pharma but apparently uh her political
action committee does take money from
Big Pharma
Executives and uh at one point she was
against the political action committees
the packs but she said if other people
have them well everybody has to have one
to make it fair so she has one so yes uh
she and Bernie Sanders apparently have
or two of the biggest
recipients of fora money to packs now
technically that money isn't going to
them because the the pack has to be
little handsfree you know or what we say
there's there's got to be a little
distance so that the candidate doesn't
directly control the money but the pack
is only designed for the benefit of the
candidate one candidate in particular
that's what that's all it is so the fact
that the candidate doesn't have Direct
Control doesn't mean a lot because
presumably the people in the pack have
enough coordination with the people who
are not in the pack to find out what
messages the leader would like them to
give even if it's not you know direct
order they would know so it acts as
though it's the same as if they were
directing them uh at least in some part
so yeah can't trust anybody meanwhile
Rick
grenell every time Rick grenell is in
the news it feels like something Good's
going to happen have you noticed that
like he's almost never in the news
unless like there's some new you know
Victory so he's uh he's saying that
radio free Europe and Voice of America
are media Outlets paid for it by the
American
taxpayers but uh they're filled with
far-left activists and he just thinks
it's a relic of the past they should
just be
eliminated and that's yeah should just
be
eliminated so um correct me if I'm wrong
but I think Cary lake is in charge of
Voice of America now what voice of
America and radi Europe do is their
propaganda um and by and by the way
that's not just my opinion that's
literally what they're for it's
propaganda to other
countries but who's listening to the
radio
in
2025 I think people are just listening
to podcasts and I I don't think these
could possibly make any difference I
mean their reach can't be that important
and it's a bunch of leftist running them
so who knows if they're even saying
things we want them to say so I think
having Carrie Lake head of Voice of
America um you know since she is pro
Trump she would be the perfect person to
wind it down if it needs to be wound
down
so every time we identify another entity
of the government that maybe should just
go away it's kind of
exciting it it feels good every time we
say how about we just get rid of this
entirely it just feels right every
time well let's see uh Governor Nome is
telling the residents of the Pacific
Palisades where the big fire was
that you can't rebuild with the same
houses you had because it uh it would
still be dangerous they would burn down
again where there' be a risk we have to
rebuild with science we have to build
with climate reality in mind well I have
mix feelings about that number one I
don't like any delay to people getting
their lives back but it wouldn't really
make sense to rebuild a fire hazard
would it
so on one hand I don't like the fact
that he's insisting there would be
something that would delay things on the
other hand doesn't it kind of make sense
but here's here's why this is an
interesting story we're right at the
right at the exact place in history
where AI should solve this problem
here's what should happen hey AI I'm
going to give you the house plans and
the dimensions of the of the house that
used to be on this plot can you redesign
one that has perfect Fire Control and
climate change and it's good on energy
and has the same number of bedrooms same
number of bathrooms or maybe out a
bathroom yeah yeah because we can go 10%
bigger so add a bathroom uh and maybe
add a uh uh at a home office and it'll
be 10% bigger but that's allowed now now
use the same property start with the old
house at your guide and now give me a
whole new design that meets all of the
building codes and is fire safe and so
and climate climate risk uh
minimized don't we already have that are
you telling me that there's no large um
architect firm that has already made big
inroads with AI couldn't you take the
I I assume that they're probably public
Blueprints and don't you think that the
government should be able to take the AI
design thing run it by some human
experts to make sure the AI is doing it
right but just sort of check his work
just kind of quickly look at it and go
yeah okay oh yeah yeah you got that
right yeah yep yep that's right and then
maybe at some point you don't need to
check it probably that point won't come
quickly but
isn't this completely solvable with AI
if I were a homeowner that's the first
thing I'd look for I'd say here's my
plans running through the AI and fix it
and then just feed it back to me and
then I'll start building I don't know
this is where I'd like to see a big AI
company step in and say can you give us
10 minutes on this just give us 10
minutes to work on this we'll see what
we can do we'll do a couple of
prototypes and see if you know I guess I
would have to you would have to train
the AI on California's all of its
building codes and the local the most
local ones then you tell it that it's a
extra fire risk where it is and you tell
it you want it to be efficient for
energy Etc but not crazy so it can't be
more expensive for the homeowner and
then you just teach it
architecture it should be able to make
sure that you've got the right
loadbearing walls and everything
else
anyway speaking of AI I guess AI is uh
starting to H Google because Google's
regular search engine is dropping off um
I will tell you that I've stopped using
Google
for almost
everything um I still use Gmail because
it's my email but the thought of going
to Google and doing a Google search it
doesn't even make sense
it it would be like just traveling back
in
time um so I use
perplexity and it's great I I use
perplexity so often that sometimes I'll
leave it open when I'm preparing my
notes for the show and there'll be all
these questions where I'll need some
context so later I'm going to talk about
some climate change measuring stations
and so I I say things like huh I wonder
how many climate change that Mom
measuring stations there are so I just
reach over and touch perplexity you know
you have to hold down the button I say
how many of these temperature
measurements are there for the National
Oceanic AA whatever it is and it comes
back and tells me you can't beat that if
if you tried to do that same thing with
Google it would give you a page of
sponsored answers you're like oh
sponsored never mind okay sponsored
never mind uh uh okay oh that's here it
is no that's sponsored
and then you're pissed off by the time
you get to one that's not sponsored
because you can't trust the sponsored
ones and then you get to oh some people
say this and some people say that and
some people you and it just it's like
you can't even find anything but AI just
tells you the answer perplexity does
anyway so if I could invest in
perplexity I think it's I don't think
it's public but if I could I
would um speaking of which
so did you
know that uh I want to tell you how the
temperature is determined for climate
change so this is going to get easier
the more the Doge works on the
government the easier it will be to
convince people that climate change uh
at least the models are
fake because once you learn that
everything's fake it's going to be hard
to say oh but climate change is
fake that's a little harder to believe
if you think everything's
true then it's easy to say everything's
true including climate change because
it's in the category of everything
everything's true that the government
tells us and science
backs but what if everything that the
government and science tells you isn't
true which is closer to the truth it's
not everything but it's a lot closer to
the truth most of is fake and always has
been then once you realize that then
it's a lot easier to realize that oh
maybe something's going on here so let
me tell you just I'll just give you a
hint of it all right so you know that uh
for climate change they have all these
um temperature measuring stations and
there's been an estimate I think
by Heartland I think Heartland estimated
that 96% of the temperature measuring
things are now affected by the heat
island of effect meaning that the city
expanded over time and because cities
have concrete and such if you're
anywhere near it the wind will
eventually blow some warm air from that
heat island and will artificially make
your temperature go up now since the
measurements I think look at highs and
lows more than average all all it does
is give you a high that's not a real
high it's just because of the heat
island move closer to it but
uh then then some of them have been
decommissioned so some of them don't
exist anymore but they still record a
temperature for
them and I'll tell you how they do that
this is a real thing there are a number
of them that don't exist anymore they
used to exist historically so they still
create a number for
them even though they don't
exist uh and then some of them the paint
on the outside of the measuring little
uh was like a kiosk if you will the when
the paint wears off it changes the
temperature inside because if you
painted it white on day one the the
white is going to reflect you know a
certain amount of heat um but if the
paint comes off then it's less white and
it's reflecting less heat it's going to
be warmer so you've got several things
to adjust for so how do they make all
those adjustments to get the right
temperature well there are 9,000
stations that measure the
temperature but it's fairly common to
use a subset of those 1,200 of them now
if there are
9,000 why would you ever choose to use
only 1,200 of
them well that means that one of them is
considered wrong and one of them is
considered right cuz if you have access
to 9,000 you've got all the data it's
not like you have to go read the
temperature every time you need to do a
model it's public information so why
would there be a subset that they
use instead of the whole thing every
time I can't think of any good reason
can you unless one of them is not
accurate like the
9,000 is it possible that you can get a
better answer with 1,00 stations that
are a subset of the
9,000 are there so many bad measuring
stations that you're better if you don't
use most of them well I don't know so
that's just a
question um but uh this network has been
largely superseded this is these are
answers from U perplexity all right so
gave me some background
um let me tell you they make some
adjustments you said this is from
perplexity for example uh noaa's Global
historical climatology Network and the
newer one that's the I guess that's the
subset database they quote use
sophisticated algorithms to estimate
missing data
points how do you use a sophisticated
algorithm to estimate the temperature
where you're not measuring
it do you believe that's the thing well
what they do is something like look at
the the closest other temperatures and
then they make a essentially an
assumption of what it might have been if
it
existed do you trust that does that
sound like real science well we don't
have the numbers so we'll make an
assumption of what the numbers would
have
been
um incl uh and they include stations
that are no longer operational they just
adjust using their sophisticated
algorithms um based on nearby stations
and historical
Trends huh the historical trend is what
you're trying to
discover you're not using the historical
Trend to tell you what the temperature
is
today if you're using the historical
Trend to figure out what the temperature
is today how can you use the temperature
today to tell you what the historical
trend
is does that make sense you're using the
trend to figure out the temperature
today but you're also using the
temperature today to tell you what the
trend
was okay using your sophisticated
algorithms to give you temperatures that
don't exist all right all right this all
sounds
legit um and then a 20 here's here's the
best part this is also from perplexity a
20 2010 study published in the Journal
of geophysical research and other uh
analyses have indicated that Noah's
adjusted temperature data aligns well oh
okay good this is good news it aligns
well with measurements from stations
that meet optimal sighting standards
excellent okay so they've done some
double checking so they know that the
temperatures they use they do align uh
with stations that meet optimal sighting
standards suggesting that the estimation
processes do not significantly distort
long-term climate Chens so that's pretty
good
so in other words you can determine the
temperature without measuring
it all you have to do is use your
sophisticated
algorithms
so how are they testing that any of this
is real because if you don't have a
standard that you know is
real what are you you comparing it to to
know that it's right how does any of it
make
sense am I making my point yet that none
of this sounds
legitimate it literally sounds like
people saying uh our data is all bad but
we're not going to get funding for
climate science and change the world and
keep our jobs unless we use our
sophisticated algorithms to come up with
temperature measurements that don't
exist
so could it really be that you've got
9,000 measuring points but you only use
1,200 but somehow you know the 1,200 is
as good as
9,000 that doesn't make
sense can you really estimate the
history from today's if the today's is
determined by the
history I don't know so I don't believe
that any of this is
real and I'm only scratching the surface
the real problem with the models is that
if there are any variables that change
it and the variables are based on
assumptions if you have a 100 if you
have a 100 climate
models that means you don't believe the
climate
models because if you believe that
climate modeling was real there would be
one that's the best and then that would
be the end of the story if there are 100
and there all arguing that theirs is the
best well then there's something wrong
they're making different assumptions and
getting different answers but then the
the climate change experts will say
Scott you know I I think you're being
disingenuous if you look at all of the
climate models they do they do cluster
around the same zone so even though
they're different you know they're
directionally pretty similar to which I
say no they're not no they're not you
 liar you just throw away the
ones that are not in that little Zone if
I created a model that wasn't in that
zone it would never get published
because I would I would be laughed at I
would be driven out of the entire
business so no they are not
directionally aligned the ones that are
not in that little band are just going
to be tossed out that's why you have a
hundred of them because there might have
started with a thousand they stopped
with a
100 anyway um in other news there's a
company that's figured out a way to turn
heat into electricity which of course
has always been a thing if you had
enough heat you could heat water the
water would turn into steam it would
turn a turbine so heat has always been
you know in in effect a way to create
energy but not that efficiently so
apparently there's this new company
according to interesting
engineering uh tpv Technologies they
have figured out how to convert heat
into electricity more efficiently
than any current
device so that seems like a really small
story but when you think about how much
heat there is in the world that's not
being used for anything now you might be
able to just take advantage of any heat
that's kind of a big deal if you could
turn any significant heat into energy
fairly
easily I don't know that seems like a
big big
deal um and then my favorite story is
that there's a startup according to zme
science there's a startup that's
figuring how to put milk protein into a
potato so if you grow this potato you'll
have protein not just carbs now I know
what you're saying I don't need no
Frankenstein food keep your artificially
created potato away from me I don't want
a potato that tastes like milk I won't
live in a small house soil and green is
people swimming is the best
exercise don't take all of my CO2 under
the air because it's plant
food so I know you don't like the idea
but here's what I think I think one of
the biggest things in the world would be
if we could figure out how to grow some
kind of a small compact plant that had a
good protein to it then you can do an
indoor and garden and you could have
what you
need at the moment if you had an indoor
farm and you wanted to grow things that
had good protein as well as carbs
There's no practical way to do
it because there are plenty of things
that do have protein in them but they
take you know immense amount of space
you know like a lentils so lentils have
good protein but you know you need acres
and acres and acres to get enough
lentils whereas uh if you're growing
something like lettuce well you know
your little lettuce grows pretty well in
your little indoor farm so that works
but imagine if you could grow
potatoes that would have
protein now it's just one kind of
protein maybe you want more different
kinds of protein but uh if they can
genetically create a indoor
garden compact doesn't take much space
doesn't use much
water that's a world changing thing
that's world changing cuz if if you're
watching the RFK Jr Saga you know that
probably the most dangerous thing in
America is our food supply imagine if
you could just get off the grid uh let's
say you could add to the side of your
house a 500 square foot indoor
garden and it had protein as well as
carbs you could get get pretty close to
a healthy diet um
theoretically all
right so uh so that's happening the
Mexican president Shin bomb she was do
giving a speech and she's wondering how
the Mexican cartels have access to so
much uh US military
weaponry so as you know the cartels are
really well armed with military
equipment and it's americ it's American
stuff so how'd they get it uh I think
the answer is Ukraine
right don't we believe that we keep
funding Ukraine but a lot of the stuff
just get sold in the black
market so I feel like the United
States by funding Ukraine and having
most of his siphoned off uh or some of
it is probably arming the cartels
now she's acting like she doesn't know
but I think that's the
answer I saw a talker Carlson talking
about how the uh ukrainians are buying
all the luxury goods in Europe if you go
to a luxury good shop there'll be some
Ukrainian billionaire buying stuff and
the idea is that there was so much
corruption that we made a whole bunch of
ukrainians super rich and the first
thing they did is leave Ukraine because
my God who would want to be there and
they took their billions that we gave
them and now now they're on a shopping
spree with our
money I don't know how big that is but
I'll bet there is a little bit of it
it's probably a little bit of
it the other thing that Tucker said uh
that I saw yesterday was that he was
talking to Mike Benz on his podcast I
didn't see this clip until yesterday but
when Mike Ben started explaining how
color revolutions are done and and how
the US helps overthrow other countries
with
coups and a big part of that is staging
Street protests and the street protests
are always fake you know they're driven
by the coup plots but the point is to
make the the public think they're real
and to think that there's social
upheaval that's good if you're planning
a a coup you want to make it look like
the people were unhappy with leader look
at them in the streets they're all
protesting all the time and then ER
says you can see him putting it all
together in his head he goes if that's
true then the the George Floyd
riots may have been
instigated and then he listed the um the
Charlottesville March and that's when I
said There It
Is I've been saying that since almost
day one that Charlottesville March
doesn't look real to me
in terms of organic I think the people
were really racists but there's no way
that they've ever organized that well
and if they had done it once they would
do it again they just sort of
disappeared but there were they happened
to be there just when the bad guys were
trying to create the narrative that
Trump's are racist and it's obvious
because look at all this street
activity so no I don't believe that
Charlottesville was anything but an OP
to get rid of trump I don't think that
January 6
was anything but an
OP now there were certainly people there
that were there for their own reasons so
the people are always real with these
Ops it's just that whatever got them on
the street and got them
organized sort of happens once just when
it's needed to create a narrative and
when you saw that the Democrats turned a
protest into an Insurrection just with
the narrative because they control the
the
media that should have been your tip off
because the whole time we're looking at
it and saying okay I get I get that
there were some violent people there and
they should be treated you know as
violent people now the the pardon
question is separate and it has to do
with the fact that they've already
served time and if they'd been a
different context they that's all the
time they would have served so that's a
different different story but yes I I
believe the black lives matter marches
the antifa the January 6 the
Charlottesville all fake in my opinion
all fake and not just fake but they
textbook they they just fit perfectly
The Narrative that there was somebody
behind the scenes instigating riots to
take over from
Trump anyway uh Lithuania laia and
Estonia just announced they're cutting
themselves off from Russia electricity
grid now I didn't know they were ever
connected to it but apparently they
needed it for stability because their
own internal power sources were not 100%
reliable but they believe that they're
now reliable enough that they don't need
even um sort of the stability backup
connection to Russia so they're just
cutting the cable so that Russia cannot
use their electricity as a bargaining
chip in the future good good for them I
tell you every time I hear hear a story
about
Estonia it's them doing something
smart Estonia you should pay attention
to
Estonia it's it's a little country
that's batting way above its way class
they just sort of do logical things all
the
time and I think they're well educated
at this point so they have a kind of a
tight little government good little
system yeah keep it I in
Estonia and uh that's all I have today
um Owen Gregorian has his spaces right
after this so I'm going to talk to the
uh people on locals probably while
that's happening Owen will be setting up
his spaces or soon after so if you're on
X you can look for Owen gregorian's
account or you can look at my account I
retweeted the uh spaces um notice
all right
uh
okay all right um locals I'm coming at
you privately if you're on X or YouTube
or Rumble thanks for joining have a good
Super Bowl Sunday and I will see you
tomorrow same time same
place
e
e
e e