hey everybody come on
in it's time it's time for coffee with
Scott
Adams yes you were wondering did my wife
Christina come home from her first solo
pilot trip and she did it was all good
she hasn't cut my hair yet I know that's
what you're looking at but that'll
happen later today with all luck but
first what do we need to make this day
exceptional it's called the simult you
Sip and all you need what do you need
you know you need a cuper mugar glass a
tanker chaler Stein a canteen jug or
flas a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
except to the hunter Biden sex tape it
happens now
go no I was wrong it made the hunter
Biden sex tapate better too huh I didn't
see that
coming and neither did she well let's
talk about the news shall
we of course we shall turns out that
five AIDS of uh vice president Pence
have now been tested tested positive for
the uh Corona virus I'm getting an
update hold on uh update uh vice
president Pence's five AIDS plus one fly
have now tested positive for Corona
virus uh I hear the fly is doing
well as are the other five AIDS now I
don't know about you but if you had a
choice of a vice president
who was invulnerable to Corona virus
which apparently Pence
is um cuz he's the only one who doesn't
get it all the people around him they're
dropping
like
flies um but not him Pence is
invulnerable so there's that
um so yesterday there was a disturbing
video going around how many of you saw
it
no I'm not talking about Kanye's
interview on Joe Rogan we'll talk about
that in a minute I'm talking
about yeah the hunter
Biden sex
tape now when I heard that there was
going to be one that there was one on
the the so-called Hunter Biden
laptop um I said to
myself well there's probably not really
I mean who actually who actually takes a
sex tape of themselves and then just
keeps it on their laptop and then takes
that laptop to the
shop you know uh I don't want to give
tips to Hunter Biden but if I were it
would go like this find an offline place
to store that stuff maybe not right on
your laptop that's just my little tip
don't put your crack smoke in and your
sex tape on your own laptop and then
take it in for
service but uh if you were wondering uh
if you're wondering if that laptop
actually belonged to Hunter I would say
it either belonged to Hunter or there's
somebody else in the world who has a
terrible terrible taste in porn
because I you know in my case of course
it's the first time I've ever seen uh
sex on video but uh I imagine that other
regular professional uh porn is is
better made I've never seen any but I
know you have of course CU you need it
but uh I've never seen
porn yeah let's go with that all right
um I feel like the saddest person of
2020 might be Abraham Lincoln and he's
dead
because 2020 might be the second worst
year for Abraham Lincoln the first one
involved going to a play but this year
he's associated with the quote Lincoln
project how would you like to be uh
honest AB Lincoln and be associated with
the Lincoln project if if he po back to
life if we found a way to reanimate him
can can you just imagine that you know
you know there's a dad Abraham Lincoln
he's in his he's in his tube and we find
a way to reanimate him and he's like and
he wakes up like oh all right what's new
what's new and they go well you're
thing's not going so well for your
legacy here are some tweets from the
Lincoln project what do you think and
honest Abe would look at him and
say kill me kill me and then they'd say
um but the good news is we made a lot of
statues of you so there are lots of
statues
um okay well one just came tearing down
but there are lots more okay well there
goes another statue poor Abe it's a bad
time to be it's a bad time to be Lincoln
even if you're
dead here's a question I've been uh
wondering do you know how you can get
used to anything I talk about this
psychological phenomenon all the time
and it's way more important than it
sounds the first time you hear it
because it it explains so so many things
there's a lot in our world that can be
explained by this one thing you can get
used to anything that's it it sounds
like nothing until you realize how
common and how powerful it is in terms
of explaining your world here's
something that we got used to and it it
was just sort of gradual and it sort of
snuck up on us and now we've accepted as
normal the following thing I'm going to
describe the current situation and you
tell me if there's any exaggeration in
this it goes like this political
advertisements and political
debates both have the same um element in
common which is they intentionally
misrepresent the other side and then
they criticize their own
misrepresentation of the other
side now if you did that once in a while
you know that would be something your
your opponent would call out oh you like
you're misrepresenting me that's sort of
the way it used to be I think but if you
were if you were to look at a a
political ad or a debate today there
wouldn't be anything else in other words
there would be no case in which the
political opponent accurately describes
what's what the other candidate wants to
do never it won't even happen one time
everything that one candidate describes
and criticizes is about the other won't
be true it'll be some weird weird
version they made up to criticize so I
ask you this what's the point of it all
what is the point having a debate in
which the topic of the debate is
exclusively things that aren't happening
think about it every claim that uh that
Biden makes about Trump and kind of
every every claim that Trump makes about
Biden is some weird distorted version of
the of the reality on the other side so
why do we need a process to watch two
people talking about things that don't
exist and won't exist but if they did
how bad it would
be right that I don't see any point to
that the only thing you get out of it is
sort of a sense of the let's say the
mental nimbleness or the uh the clarity
of somebody's thinking maybe but you
don't see anything about policy nothing
because it's all just madeup stuff and
criticisms of madeup stuff there's
nothing there and somehow we got to the
point where we've accepted that that's
our process imagine if you drew this
process out on paper before you had
implemented it there had never been an
election there had never been any
democracy you're just inventing it
today and you say all right how about
this we'll have two candidates who will
just uh lie about what the other one
wants to do and what the other one has
done so far and then they'll criticize
the lie that they made up and then when
they're done we'll go to the other
candidate and then they'll do the same
thing they'll invent a bunch of fiction
they'll criticize their own fiction and
that's it that's the whole process and
we'll call it a
democracy who would have approved that
system who in the world would have
approved that
system it's a ridiculous system but the
fact is nobody has a better one and part
of what you realize when you see how
ridiculous the system is and it still
sort of works that's the weird part is
our system works people get elected and
then the public says Okay that was a
fair election we voted for who we wanted
to vote
for and we call it credible and then we
go on with our lives as if we had done
something that wasn't ridiculous it was
completely ridiculous
might as well flip a
coin but I do think you get to see at
least a little bit of the
intelligence uh of the candidates maybe
that's all you get out of that
um over in uh
France uh macron has vowed to crack down
on radical
islamism islamism why do you have to
crack down on radical islamism as
opposed to radical
Islam I wonder why they have to add the
ism anyway that's just what is said in
the news and here's my question for you
as an American for those of you who are
Americans when was the last time you
worried about a radical Islamic attack
in the United States now we're not out
of the woods it's not like it's not like
it's never going to happen it's not like
we'll never have another one you have to
assume these things will pop up but
correct me if I'm wrong France has a
national problem that the United States
doesn't and it's because of our
president am I wrong about that is it
wrong to give Trump credit for the thing
he said he would do that apparently has
been done which is to make us safer from
radical Islamic terrorists
because I'm not seeing a lot of radical
Islamic Terror attacks and apparently if
you're in France you can have your head
cut off
for publishing a wrong kind of cartoon
I've published some bad cartoons but
nobody's nobody has yet tried to take my
head
off um so I feel as though one of the
problems that Trump has running for
reelection is that when you solve a
problem it goes away right every every
time you solve a problem it's one thing
you don't have to think about anymore so
to the extent that Trump has solved some
problems you know we're not worrying so
much about allout war in the Middle East
we're not worrying about so much about
Islamic Terror attacks on the Homeland
we're not worrying so much about even um
I would say immigration became less of a
concern in our minds I don't know if
it's less of a concern in reality but it
could be just because Corona virus cut
down the uh
volume somebody says wait for it yeah I
suppose it could happen I mean there
there's there's nothing that would stop
it from happening but I've got a feeling
that whatever the administration is
doing behind the scenes which you might
not like because it might affect your
privacy and everything else but I feel
like the United States can't be that
lucky it's got to be skill right it
would it be fair to say that whatever
we're doing with all of our FBI and and
other intelligence Services
Etc could we say at this point that it's
skill has kept us safe in recent years I
feel like it it doesn't feel like lock
CU I don't know why the other side would
have wanted to stop attacking I guess
the number two guy in al-Qaeda got or or
one of the top guys in al-Qaeda got got
grabbed in Afghanistan yesterday so
Al-Qaeda is not not doing so well
um so anyway I I feel happy whenever I
don't have a problem that France has
speaking of France and the other
countries the Corona virus is Raging
back and raging back in the United
States but uh the second wave is going
to be really different from the first
because the first wave of Corona virus
came with gigantic death tolls the
second wave could also well will also uh
kill a lot of people but I'll bet it
won't be anywhere near what the first
wave was meaning that I think we've
reduced the death rate by
85% uh
I see in the comments somebody's using
the word atten
attenuation which is the word for when
the virus sort of evolves and mutates to
the point where it's less lethal but we
haven't seen any signs of that we know
that other viruses do that but I don't
think the Corona virus has yet shown any
any sign of attenuation but maybe maybe
it happens quickly when it happens so
we'll
see but um I feel as though the second
wave is going to be lots and lots of
infections with fewer and fewer deaths
in other words I think our death rate
might continue to fall not quickly but
will sort of trend down while the
infection rate goes through the roof at
some point that infection rate won't
reach you know herd levels because I
don't think it's going to get to 50 or
60% but maybe it doesn't need to maybe
it doesn't need to maybe a lower amount
will be enough all right
um one of the things that Hunter Biden
talks about is that Obamacare U made it
I guess Obamacare made it illegal for
insurers to charge women more for health
care even if women cost more now of
course women could cost more I suppose
if they uh live longer and also they're
have reproductive related
expenses so what is the point of
insurance
when the insurance is not related to uh
the actual
risk now you say to yourself but Scott
Scot Scott you can't have insurance that
treats one gender differently or one
ethnicity different how would you feel
if they charge different rates for
different
ethnicities even if different
ethnicities did have different costs
take the Corona virus for example has a
bigger impact on black Americans would
you think it was fair that black
Americans pay more for health insurance
because they might have more let's say
hypothetically if they had more expenses
because of the Corona virus or other
things no we wouldn't think that was
fair but I want to can you do a fact
check for me Isn't car
insurance still based on
gender can somebody do a quick fact
check on that CU I haven't checked it in
a long time but don't we charge more for
older old people in health care how is
that fair don't older people um they do
cost more right health care costs more
if you're older but why is that fair
it's it's not fair to charge women more
if they actually cost more but you can
charge senior citizens
more why did we just randomly decide
that was okay you know isn't that just
another form of
discrimination and what about car
insurance
I'm seeing some uh confirmation in the
comments I don't know if you looked it
up or you just know it yeah the car
insurance you can charge more for men
because men have more accidents but is
that fair to
me because I'm the type of man who
doesn't have many accidents in fact I
think I've
caused zero in my life I don't believe
I've been in several accidents but I
don't believe any of them have been
objectively speaking my fault uh I think
I've always been under receiving end now
why am I a safe bet I don't even drink I
don't drink
alcohol can you imagine how much less
risk you have as a driver if you don't
drink alcohol it's a pretty big
difference pretty big difference do you
know what uh lower risk I have just
because of my
personality because my personality is I
don't take big chances on things things
that don't have a big reward well it
would be my big reward for driving 20
mil over the speed limit as opposed to
my normal 10 not much so why would I
take extra risk from no extra reward so
my personality even though I'm a member
of that terribly dangerous class called
men it's not fair to me I I was just
born a man why is why do I have to pay
extra totally unfair
now it kind of uh I'm not really saying
it's unfair that men are charged more
for car insurance because we do we do
have more accidents there's no doubt
about it but if you're going to take the
standard that insurance can apply in
some cases what would be the argument
for saying in other cases oh no in other
cases it's all right I don't know it's
an inconsistency let's call it that all
right how many you have heard the
three-hour Kanye West interview on Joe
Rogan now the first thing you think when
I say it's a threeh hour Kanye West
interview on Joe Rogan it's literally
three hours of almost exclusively Kanye
talking do you think that would be
interesting for three
hours
yep yep it is three hours in which you
almost can't you can't tear yourself
away it is so freaking interesting the
Kanye interview on Joe Rogan and I want
to talk about it for a minute even even
though some of you haven't seen it I'm
going to assign it for homework okay so
your homework is you really have to
listen to this and don't listen to it
just for its entertainment value but
it's completely worth worth it just for
the entertainment because he's
interesting from the first second to the
last second Kanye doesn't know how to be
uninteresting he just doesn't know how
he's like Trump in that way you put
Trump you know you put Trump on the
stage and you just say all right you got
three hours try not to bore me in three
hours Trump could pull that off he could
keep you interested for three hours
Kanye did it too I'll probably watch it
again it's that good now if you say but
what is it he does you know what what's
the thing he does that makes you so
entertained or interested Scott and I
would say it's hard to put your finger
on it but I'm going to
try it goes like this the first thing I
was looking for is how crazy he is right
you want to see how crazy is Kanye
because you know he's
crazy right you've all heard it it's
been in the news he's admitted that he's
been you know he had some medical care
for mental health questions he has
referred to himself as being being U
diagnosed bipolar so that's what you're
looking for and you're definitely going
to find it right I mean if he's got all
these problems and he talks for three
hours You Can't Hide a mental problem if
you talk for three hours on camera right
so you're going to see it wasn't
there wasn't there but instead there was
an alternative movie the one I wasn't
watching on my screen but I got to you
know shift my movie when when Kanye
described it and it went like this if
you're
bipolar one of the you know one of the
signs for that is that you have this
manic phase where where you think you
can conquer the world and you can do
anything and you're full of energy
and full of ideas and you know you're
just you're just sort of
crazy but but what happens when you're
Kanye and you say something like I'm
going to make I'm going to be the most
important um musician in the
world but then he goes and does it so in
retrospect it sounded crazy right when
he first said it but then he went and
did it and then he probably said
something about being I'm imagining
something about becoming the best or you
know most important designer in the
world and you say to yourself
Kanye it was weird enough that you
became one of the most important
musicians in the world you know that's
weird enough but you're not going to do
this other thing and then he does it he
does
it he says he's worth5
billion
probably and so now he's one of the most
uh you know richest people in the
country so then he thinks he says uh I'm
going to build some you know uh homes
and shelters I'm going to design the
town I want to become the leader of the
Free World Without ever having any uh
practice as being a politician and you
say to yourself Kanye Kanye that's a
that's a little bit too far right it's
one thing to be a big musical star okay
you got lucky okay you got lucky twice
you started your you know your fashion
clothing thing and it's a gigantic
success sure and all right you you
decided that you wanted to respond to
what he describes as his calling from
God and create sort of the most you know
impressive big church situation outdoors
with you know choirs and stuff and okay
it's a gigantic
success okay all right so you did three
things but Kanye you're not going to
become president of the whole you know
world you're or president United States
or as he says leader of the Free World
you're not going to do that that's crazy
right they actually
medicated
Kanye to make him stop thinking that
way think about this they medicated
Kanye they medicated him they medicated
him for being Kanye
they medicated him it's
crazy so here's the thing before I
watched Kanye on Joe Rogan and if you
had sent to me privately you know AR
Scott I'm not going to tell anybody
because I know you like you like Kanye
so you might not say this in public but
just privately what do you think
privately do you think he could be
president two days ago I would have
said you know I think he's a great guy
he's got a lot of great skills and I
think he's a great leader but I don't
think he could be president because
president's kind of a sort of a
particular skill and I just don't know
that he has quite you know that game he
has an amazing game but I just don't
know what it fit in that realm that's
what I would have said two days ago then
I watched The Joe Rogan
interview and yeah I I'll accept that
some of you will disagree with with me
but after watching The Joe Rogan
interview he could be the president of
the United
States and I don't think there's a thing
missing not a thing he's smart enough he
looks sane enough to me so unless
there's something he's really holding
out I want more of the crazy stuff I
don't want less of it because the stuff
that uh that he's he's the things that
people say he's crazy about he's
actually ahead of his time
he's actually just working on a
different level than other people uh let
me give you one example of it he talked
about this when he speaks for 3
hours it's not like other people where
you're judging each sentence it's like
oh that was a good sentence that was a
good point or that was a good paragraph
he actually says this out loud that when
he's speaking he's creating a symphony
in other words until you reach the end
of that you don't know what you got
because he's creating not just a series
of
points but he's creating a hole and he's
painting this freaking Masterpiece while
you're watching it come together so if
you were watching let's say a master
painter create a painting you know the
the first would be maybe You' pencil out
the the general shapes and then he put
down some Basse colors and stuff like
that and none of that would look very
interesting it's not until you know the
last dashes of paint around there you
can see whoa I see what you did there I
I didn't see it from the beginning but
now that it's done whoa and that's the
feeling you'll get after the interview
and he says it consciously he tells you
he's building this thing with words and
then you watch him build it right in
front of you it's it's phenomenal now
I'll tell you what um the the things
that really jumped out of me about this
in no particular order uh number one oh
let me let me let let me uh just divert
for a
second because Kanye is so interesting
and even though Joe Rogan is a you know
gigantic star in his own right when you
put him in the same room and on the same
interview with Kanye even Joe Rogan will
sort of disappear right because it's you
know Kanye's a million wattage and and
as big a star as Joe Rogan is it's just
hard to be
Kanye but I'm going to I'm going to tell
you that you will not notice it because
all your attention is going to Kanye but
step back for a minute or and even watch
the whole 3 hours again to see the best
interviewer skills you've ever seen the
best
interviewer skills you've ever seen
period I've watched and been in a lot of
interviews all right so I've been the
I've been the recipient of many how many
interviews in my life maybe thousands by
now at least many hundreds of interviews
but maybe thousands and you can really
tell the difference between a good
interviewer and a bad interviewer and
what Joe Rogan did in this interview is
extraordinary it's extraordinary because
first of all you have to create a safe
situation um and like with negotiating
negotiating is not just the things you
do during the negotiation it's also
setting the table
so that when when you walk into the
negotiations you should already have an
advantage because you've created a
situation that's favorable to you before
before you even start because you
already started you set the table and
Joe does that partly just by being who
he is and creating this product that
people trust and they know who he is and
they feel that they can you know open up
to him so the first part of his genius
is the whole is all of it right
everything that got him to this
point was good or else he couldn't be
here but then in the
interview remember you're you're Joe
Rogan you are a star you know you're you
you give a standup comedy you've done
you know movies TV you've done all these
things you know you're the Spotify star
Etc and you have to sit there for three
hours and let Kanye be the star
it's not
easy it's not easy and when you watch
the
restraint that uh Rogan put into this
interview the the times when he could
have jumped in and he held back because
he would let Kanye talk and then just
stop and just sit there
quietly until Kanye was ready to talk
again because apparently Joe could tell
that he wasn't done that that there was
more to that you know that pain
stroke I I don't know how to say enough
about how good that
was and the reason I call it out is that
you'll miss it if you're just watching
Kanye so watch them both all right so
more about Kanye here's what I liked he
referred to himself um sometimes as a
designer and sometimes as an engineer
and you could listen to him talk about
his interests from you know music to
Fashion to to politics now but also his
interest in uh he's building shelters
and he's trying to design some kind of
local maybe indoor farming situation and
he's trying to design a community from
the from the home to the you know the
the feel of it the color of the space
and he talked about space as programming
people like the the physical environment
he talked about it programming the
people in it
you've never heard of anything like that
from a standard politician and it's
exactly what's needed in fact at the end
of the interview I thought to myself
damn you know what this country
needs it needs a
redesign and he's the guy to do it the
country needs a
redesign now if that if that statement
doesn't hit you like a punch in the face
it's because you don't quite understand
what he's talking about maybe watching
the three hours would would let you know
but everything that we do from the way
we interact the physical distance that
we have to each other how hard it is to
get to work the length of the commute
the the quality of the shelter and how
the and how the space influences our
minds and how all that will influence
how we work together and our
happiness he is operating on a whole
different level and it's a better level
you it's a it's a it's just a third
dimension and you can see him as he's
talking from topic to topic to topic you
can see that he's building a talent
stack very consciously so he's adding
he's adding knowledge about uh design of
homes knowledge about family about you
know hydroponic gardening you know he's
adding that stuff and he as he's talking
through it you could see a brilliant guy
who is very consciously at adding layer
after layer of skill that work together
and then when it's filtered through his
special brain it becomes a you know he's
a designer in all things everything he
does is design and like unlike other
designers who are outside their design
and and designing something he lives
inside his design and right now he's
living inside the United States and he's
designing it from the inside right in
front of you it's it's spectacular and
wonderful so I asked myself this and you
know Joe Rogan asked him some you know
presidential sounding questions like
what would you do with you know foreign
adversaries and stuff like that and of
course kindy had you know just a a good
smart answer that if you're president
you have better advisors different
information and so you would just get
the best advisors Etc and that all made
sense but I'll will tell you that at the
end of it when you see the when you see
the quality and depth of his thinking
and you see that he sees he sees things
as systems he doesn't see you know
individual slices of life he only sees
everything connected to everything he
sees it as a big design Challenge and he
realizes that if you design it better
you get better
outcomes he would be a great president
he really would be he would be a great
president but let me say this again
I don't believe there's any such thing
as a good president or a bad president
what I mean by that is that there are
presidents who are who are the perfect
fit for the challenges and then some who
are not a good fit for those specific
challenges I thought Trump was just an
amazing president for the first three
and a half years not exactly the right
guy for a Corona virus pandemic because
he's a little too optimistic for what
that situation called for
but he's Trump is once again the perfect
president for recovering an economy
after a Corona virus so what do you do
you know you've got you got a tough
choice there do you punish him for maybe
not being the exact right fit I mean
it's not like he saw it coming you
didn't see it coming uh who knew that
that would be the thing that we needed
to to deal with uh this
year so the point is could there be a
situation where a Kanye president would
be the perfect fit and the answer is yes
I don't know if it's this year I don't
know if it's
2024 but he's a young guy and if Kanye
someday becomes president and becomes
the designer in
chief designer and chief we totally need
that
um we totally need a designer and chief
because here's here's my take on the
United States the United States was
designed once
by the founders incredible job you know
the the Constitution you know the whole
concept of our
government with with every flaw that it
has it's incredible design I mean you
have to admit at this point it's lasted
hundreds of years copied by many you
know highly successful but it does need
a redesign you know life has changed
maybe we just need to tweak it a little
bit Connie is the guy all right uh
um so that was very impressive and
that's enough on that um let see what
else we got going on here did you notice
that the protests
stopped did you see any news about any
protests last night what does it tell
you when all of these spontaneous
protests can be turned on and off based
on the election date cuz that's what's
happening right are we not watching uh
the protest being turned off because
it's good for Biden if they just sort of
temporarily get turned off that is what
we're seeing right so that tells you
that they were maybe not real in the
first
place not real in the sense that there
was obviously an organic element to it
but there must have been some
organization that probably turned off
the the
switch um as Steve Cortez noted that
that the at least in the final weeks
it's turning into uh Trump um sort of uh
mourning in America he's going
optimistic so Trump has G happy
warrior which he does really well so as
as hardest Trump can be on things he
doesn't like the best the best Trump is
the happy warrior Trump with the
optimistic Trump and uh I think we saw
the beginning of that um at the debate
where Trump seemed to go positive and I
would say the country responded to that
wouldn't you um correct me if I'm wrong
but now that we're you know several days
away from the debate wouldn't you say
that the country has largely agreed that
that was the president's best debate and
he usually does well in debates so his
his best is actually a pretty high level
because he does well in
debates it looks like he's going to ride
that strategy to the end I hope he does
cuz I think it's the right one but um
Biden has become sort
of uh Angry get off my lawn old
man and that's that's the vibe he's
going to take to the the finish line is
angry old man get off my lawn does do
you want more of that does that make you
go to the polls oh he's yelling I guess
I'll vote because Biden is yelling and
he's angry again he looks a little
deranged doesn't he now I don't know if
if that is actually a sign of anything
but the way I but the way I read it when
Biden's up there yelling on the campaign
Trail he looks not well it doesn't look
like he's just a passionate Patriot he
looks a little like there's something
wrong and that's the that's the vibe
he's decided to carry to the
end um there was a uh one of my Twitter
followers tweeted that uh now that he's
learned about my U my political rantings
he can no longer enjoy dilbur and can't
follow me anymore and he needed to say
that in
public so rather than simply privately
saying to himself you know I don't know
I I don't like this Dilbert comic
anymore because I don't like the guy who
makes it um I'm not saying that would be
you know
irrational because we're all influenced
by things like that we're influenced by
a
Association but why would you tweet
it what would be the point of that what
why would you need to confess your
flaw in public because doesn't this look
like his problem more than
mine if somebody can't enjoy Dilbert
because they were once exposed to my
political
preference it's not like I broke a law
it's not not like I hurt somebody it's
not like I have some
horrible stain in my
reputation that you can no longer enjoy
a comic strip that has nothing to do
with any of that
stuff I would say that if you're
confessing in public that you can no
longer read Dilbert because you once
were exposed to my legitimate and
popular political
opinions because remember my opinions
match tens of millions of ordinary
law-abiding citizens who just have a
preference for politics that's it that's
it and for that he needs to say in
public that that I am off his his good
list now compare that to an award I
recently received in the
mail I don't know if you'll be able to
read it let me hold it up to the camera
there if you get the
focus so I'll read it to
uh says to dilber guy uh and it's a
number one award for the being a Donald
Trump apologist and world's most
disingenuous human Scott Adams I
received this in the mail yesterday um
now there's a story behind
it uh you may have noticed on Twitter
that
um why am I blanking on his name
uh Roseanne Bar's old husband what's his
name
what Tom Arnold uh I didn't do that
intentionally I actually literally
blanked on his name so uh I guess it was
a day and a half ago or so Tom
Arnold um tweeted some nasty things at
me and the nasty thing he tweeted at me
because I just tweeted something about
positive about Trump he tweeted that the
dilber guy was a Donald Trump apologist
in the world's most disingenuous
human and
I tweeted back because I wasn't in the
mood for a fight and because I don't
dislike Tom Arnold's uh work because he
has a different political opinion than I
do so unlike my uh follower who decided
he could not follow me or watch Dilbert
anymore I didn't have any bad feeling
about Tom
Arnold the fact that he doesn't like you
know my political opinions it didn't
have any effect on whether I would watch
you know his movie True Lies again or
something and I would like to
think that that might be the better way
to go that if we're if we're hating
people if we hate somebody's
art because you don't like their
political opinions do you want to be
that person I mean do you want to do you
want to dislike half of the art in the
world because probably those those
people who made that art don't agree
with you on
politics I mean is that if you got your
way of not seeing any of the art from
the people who you don't like
politically would you be happier is that
is that the outcome you
want so anyway so I tweeted back at Tom
Arnold uh that uh you know is there an
any kind of a trophy involved with this
honor cuz I didn't take it seriously and
I don't have any bad feelings about Tom
arold because he has a political opinion
and he tweeted back that there's no
trophy but uh he said something kind of
funny the way he worded it was pretty
funny about uh after after Trump loses
he would take me down to the Taxidermy
place and have me
stuffed and it was funnier than it
sounded you you'd have to see his exact
wording and uh I laughed at that and
tweeted back um but can I at least be
posed by the taxidermist in a in a
ferocious kind of pose and he tweeted
back something funny about you know not
not
Wolverine ferocious but maybe some other
smaller animal ferocious and I said well
okay I'll be the smaller animal can I
wear a hat because I thought it' look
cool if I were stuffed with a
hat uh and then he's then he tweeted
back that it' have to be a Biden hat
which was kind of funny anyway so it
started out with this uh nasty insult
but sort of just degenerated into some
funny tweets and I think isn't that the
better way to go you know really we're
we're going into this
contentious uh this horribly contentious
uh situation
and let me say this out loud if there
any you know if there are three
Democrats in the world listening to this
I doubt it but if there
are no matter which way the election
goes and I'm going to assume that it
will be credible enough I mean we'll
argue forever about little
irregularities and who is doing what to
whom during the election but I think
we'll have an election that in the end
we'll know who won if it turns out that
Trump doesn't win I'm not going to hate
anybody on the other
side I'm
not I'm not going to have any bad
feelings about it I'll just say okay now
what do I do and I'll I'll adjust my
life from that point on to whatever I
need to adjust but I'm not going to hate
my fellow Americans because you voted a
different way I would hope I would hope
that you would have the same feeling
about me now I know there are a lot of
uh Democrats who are worried about the
Republicans will start some kind of a
Civil War and a coup and all that
that I can guarantee you that won't
happen I guarantee it and the reason I
guarantee it is
because just look at the comments the
only way it would happen is if some kind
of large number of conservatives wanted
that to happen and that's just not the
case there are no I don't think there
are any militias who want that to happen
there's nobody wants to happen on the
right nobody on the right wants any kind
of an armed conflict in the United
States period they don't want to start
it but and this is a very important
point and if you're on the left you need
to hear
this the right will never start a fight
in this country because they like this
country and they like you know
law-abiding citizens of this country of
all colors all types I know it's a
surprise might surprise some of you but
it's just true
and they're not going to start shooting
their own their own country countrymen
country
people but if the trouble
started you you wouldn't want to be on
the other side let's put it that
way so I wouldn't bet on somebody says
don't bet on it I would bet on it I
would bet 100% And every penny I have
that the political right will not start
some kind of a coup or
revolution
um I would bet everything on that
there's no chance that's going to happen
because they aren't they aren't the
people who do that it's not something
they want it's not something they're
planning for now yeah there's always
some crazy militia who's planning on
something but it's not like they're
going to activate you know you're not
going to see the the hundred person
militia come out of the woods and try to
overthrow the government on November
10th or whatever that's not going to
happen and but they are ready if
something happened from the other side
so if the left tried to overthrow the
country yeah you might see those
militias not might you would you would
absolutely see them take a take some
kind of a role it might not be
productive but they would certainly
you'd notice them you would know where
they are you'd know what they wanted so
they would make themselves known for
sure uh I don't think there's any chance
of the country uh descending into a
violent revolution so if you're worried
about the aftermath of the election let
me tell you that no matter which way it
goes there will be
low-level Street violence of course
because we're we're just sort of in that
mode where there's there's somebody
who's just ready to go at any point but
it will be a tiny tiny slice of the
public it will last however long it
lasts and then it will end but you're
not going to you're not going to lose
the United States we are too committed
to it um collectively we're too
committed to keeping this country a
country all right what if the election
is rigged if the election is rigged it
will go to the Supreme Court and if the
Supreme Court
um votes on it the people will say ah I
hate
that but I still kind of trust the
Supreme Court 80% of the country will
say hey if if the Supreme Court ruled on
it we're going to be okay with that even
if we hate it because I think we're well
trained to support the system up to up
to that
point all right so uh don't be afraid of
what happens after there will be trouble
there will be lots of news none of it
will be
permanent and that is what I wanted to
tell you now you ready for a scoop you
ready those of you who stay to the end
you
ready um in a few hours I'm going to do
an offline interview that I'm going to
record with one of the members of the
Nexium what you would call a
cult and what they might call an
organization or a
company so um I will put that up as soon
as has uh it's ready so I'll put that on
YouTube and it will be a recorded
interview with one of the women uh and
I'll tell you more about it later but
one of the women who actually is branded
so Keith reier who is the head of that
what is called a cult they would not
call it a cult um and you'll see that
and that's going to be interesting
because I can tell you already that it's
going to break some
news uh because we talked already so I
know a little bit about what's coming
and it will will break some news so
you're going to hear some things that
um will surprise you all right uh
ACB are they uh are they voting that
today when does Amy con Berry get
confirmed I stopped watching that
because there's nothing interesting
about it Amy Cony Barett is so
qualified and then you add on top of
that the fact that she's a woman and
it's just hard to say anything bad about
her you know she the the funniest thing
about Amy con Barrett is that she she
just eliminated everybody's opposition
because everybody wanted to go hard at
her and they're like ah you are so
qualified oh you've got seven
kids we can't even say anything bad
about you so that's it all right that's
it for now I'll talk to you tomorrow
Slaughter beaters at 100% And and we'll
talk tomorrow