photographs for my new book what does
your think the best book ever written so
they tell me so on Twitter I'd asked
people to show pictures of themselves
reading my book I said I would give them
a digital autograph I said I was gonna
do ten but I've already done those so I
thought I'd do some more and I just
thought I'd have some company so I'm
just taking these from the ones the
people who have actually sent in
photographs such as Michael Blake he's
next up so see if you can see this so
that one's for Michael and after I do a
feat of these all that just snap a
picture with my Cameron put it in his
comments let's see who's next up most
casual observer his name is Andy by the
way the yeah I don't know why anybody
would watch this actually somebody says
the scintillating but if you think about
it it's sort of ASMR and if you don't
know what ASMR is Google it cuz listen
to this
if you were into ASMR you would know
that this is like the most amazing thing
listen
yeah people make lots of money just
making a soft sounds that put other
people to sleep alright so that was ante
let's see who else's being good James
James by the way the book is doing
really well I'd like to go over to
Amazon and read the reviews because you
know you're right a book takes a year in
my case and you always wonder if you've
wasted a year imagine working at a year
and then your book gets published then
people don't like it I mean so far that
hasn't happened to me in a very serious
way but that would just be the worst so
I I always of course check the reviews
to see how it's going over and you know
I look at the bad reviews but I only
look at a few because the bad reviews
tend to have a certain characteristic
which is people who haven't read the
book and people who think they're
smarter than the book so those are the
two categories of bad reviews people who
haven't read it and they're just trolls
or they're mad at me for some for
something I've done and people who are
pretty sure that they are smarter than
whatever I wrote and they need to 92
have let the world know in the comments
but so after reading a few of those I
tell myself okay I think I get the gist
of this and then I just after that I
just look at the five-star reviews and I
think it's 80 some percent five-star
reviews so if you just read the
five-star reviews it just makes you feel
so good because it's just compliments
and so I'm reading through and they're
like it's pretty good
and then you get addicted yeah because
compliments feel really good especially
if somebody takes the time you know if
that's a pretty sincere compliment
somebody takes the time to buy your book
read your book and then after reading it
and they've already extracted all the
value from it still willing to log on
and write the equivalent of an essay
about what they liked about it like that
takes a lot of a lot of commitment so
you get a compliment like that you know
some somebody put it like you know two
days work to end up in a compliment for
you like that's a serious compliment it
feels really good so don't don't think
that it means nothing to me if you if
you're one of those people who wrote
those all right it looks like Lacey is
next and it's hard for me to talking
whatever that's at the same time by the
way I can commit to you that this will
not be my most exciting periscope
somebody says should I include today's
date nay because I'm just going to post
it in to you at Twitter and Twitter has
is of course dated Tobias Tobias is up I
rarely sign autographs these days well
not that rarely but if if I were to do
an event we usually just do selfies I
don't do autographs for large groups
just because I can't my hand would fall
off this is one messed-up looking
dogbert cartoon and I'm drawing her the
the point is speed the speed is the
important thing here
all right ace looking very nice I wonder
if that's a real name
ace all right watch this I can spell my
name without looking so I'm just looking
at my Twitter feed from I think it was
yesterday
when I asked people to show a picture in
the comments of them reading my book so
I signed a bunch of them already if
you're just coming on and I'm just doing
some other people who who got in too
late and according to the rules it was
too late to get their own digital
autograph but because I'm feeling nice
today and doing a bunch of extra because
I really do appreciate people who you
know if somebody reads your entire book
that's a that's a pretty good feeling
all right Dennis you're up wonder if
there's anybody on here who knows that
there isn't a list and they're thinking
how many are you gonna do how many
you're gonna do so I noticed that
well let me check my check my Amazon
ranked while you're here because I'm
sure you care to to to you
loser think I make no promises that this
is a good periscope we're just hanging
out there would be no reason for you to
watch this whatsoever
all right let's see what we got here
number 87 we're in the top hundred that
means it starts hitting lists because if
you're at Amazon for example they they
print the top hundred now top hundred is
of all books that they sell so being in
the top hundred of all the books that
Amazon sells it's pretty rare you know
you don't a lot of people will never see
that but once you once you start getting
closer to the you know top ten you get
more visibility just because where you
already are so then the free publicity
essentially kicks in all right Frank is
next or no Dennis and then there's John
and Scott but Scott doesn't know that
there should be two T's in Scott I feel
sorry for Scott spelling his name wrong
like that does save a lot of time I wish
there were only one T in my name you
imagined all right
moriss moriss you're up somebody says I
really need to get a life yeah if you're
watching this I don't know why you would
by the way this is where I do the
drawing for the Dilbert cartoon so this
is a finished Sunday comic that's drawn
directly on to the screen with a stylus
damn it I tried to write Morris
it looks like mom mom's I can do better
than that worse
[Music]
just boy yours thank you all right a few
more then I'll have to photograph them
and send them you probably don't want to
watch that part but she can if you want
you're welcome to stay I'll be entering
the boring phase and very very boring
check out the latest post under a loser
think well I will I'm on Twitter right
now let's see what we got there from
from your fingers to my fingers I think
the latest century you say oh wait
there's an actual loser think that's not
what I won let's try this latest
[Music]
I was really well done
there was a Elva Canadian thanks al
there's something about that choice of
music I think that's Lion King right oh
there you are that's funny okay um I
won't torture you any longer I'll do the
next part without witnesses all right so
I'm gonna upload those photographs and
autographs I'll talk to you later