but it but bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum bum hey everybody it's time to
gather around for you know what's coming
you know it's coming
it's coffee with Scott Adams it's the
best time of the day except for those
other times of the day which are pretty
good too if you have a good life and now
for the simultaneous coffee so today
we're going to talk about facts and
fact-checking and lies damn lies and
we're gonna help well I'm gonna help you
sort out
when does lying matter when does it not
many of you know I wrote a book called
wind Bigley subtitle persuasion in a
world where facts don't matter what do I
mean by facts don't matter because you
rationalist say facts matter you can't
have science without facts facts matter
yes yes yes facts matter to the outcomes
if you walk in front of a truck and the
truck hits you that's a fact
and it matters so facts do matter to
outcomes but in the context of
persuasion facts no matter because they
don't persuade and I'm gonna walk you
through some examples of where a facts
matter and where they don't why is this
important let me tell you if you turn on
the news you'll see non-stop reporting
about President Trump this says some
version of President trumpet told 943
lies since breakfast and you turn on the
you know the news again in an hour and
it's president Trump lied about this you
lied about that being lied about this
and then they'll bring on Trump
supporters and
aren't you bothered by all the lying the
lying what about all the lying how can
we live with such a liar well let me
tell you there was a time not so long
ago 2015 approximately when a very
reasonable person could say I'm really
worried that not adhering to the facts
especially for a president could cause
some big problems that was a reasonable
thing in 2015 you could say to yourself
oh I like the truth it feels like when
we depart from it it's just gonna cause
trouble and if you've got a president
who's not passing the fact-checking
oh I don't know whole world is gonna
fall apart this is a big big problem
back in 2015 that made sense but now
it's 2018 and a half and we've actually
seen the the horrible impact of all of
the line so now we can assess did it
matter did it matter so we don't have to
guess now you don't have to look at my
book and say I'm not so sure that's true
you don't have to wonder you could just
look and see what happened we now have
enough history do determine whether
lying is bad or it doesn't make any
difference let's talk about some
specific examples shall we go to the
whiteboard yes let's go to the
whiteboard stay with me we're turning
alright so here are some examples so
we'll look at some examples to see if
lie makes a difference let's take the
example of Isis if you're in a war does
lying help you or hurt you what kind of
depends right if we're lying about let's
say how long we plan to stay in
Syria let's say we didn't plan to stay
there forever but we say we did let's
say it's a lie is that a good lie or bad
one well it's a pretty good one because
if they think we're gonna stay forever
then they say I has no point even trying
to start this Caliphate again they were
just gonna be here and why bother
could we lie to them online to disrupt
their recruiting I hope we are yes
so disinformation lying building morale
even if it's not true basically
manipulating the truth is a legitimate
weapon of warfare so in the case of Isis
lying if you do it right it's just
another weapon so in that case if you
use it right you're doing a good job in
North Korea let's talk about the
military ones again suppose we said to
North Korea we are definitely going to
blow you up in a nuclear nuclear blast
if you don't do X Y & Z maybe we're
bluffing but it's still a good lie
because it might get us to peace and
peace is way better than nuclear
annihilation
so again wherever there's war and
bluffing and negotiating massaging the
truth a little bit can get you to a good
place
let's take the economy if you were to
say this economy is looking so good I
think the GDP could be someday up in the
five or six percent range is that a lie
well it might not be true and it might
be intentionally misleading but what
does it do it causes people to invest
because they say man is looking good
this president is telling me the economy
is going to be great next year I'm gonna
invest this year so I could get in on
this and what does that cause it causes
the economy to do well right optimism is
driven by somebody telling you telling
you what the future looks like
can anybody tell you what the future
looks like I mean aside for me but so
basically hyperbole exaggeration
outright lying not getting to the facts
there are a whole bunch of situations
where you command a head but let me give
you an example where that's not true
race relations
what does rate what do race relations
what is it about race relations that's
different from all of our other topics
right now well let me give you an
example economy doing great optimism is
up you know investment is up I think the
report today was that tax receipts are
like at an all-time great
you know employment is hitting records
you know Isis has you know looking good
our progress there North Korea is
looking good we're negotiating on trade
in Iran we don't know how that'll all
turn out but you know at least we're
pushing on things that probably needed
to be pushed on so we're looking at this
world where it feels like almost
everything is going well and what is
there that's true about all those things
that are going well full of lies all
kinds of trump untruths and lies and
exaggerations hyperbole getting facts
wrong it's just a mess in terms of the
truth and yet every one of those things
is doing great but this one but race
relations all right so let's look at the
lying variable about this one why is
this one the one that's just sort of
hanging out there I'll tell you why
because there are some lies in this
field there weren't told by the
president the lies on this one topic are
told by the media so the media told you
for example that the President of the
United States said that people who are
self-identified
raices and charleville marching with
tiki torches the media lied to you and
said that the president called them fine
people he didn't he said that there were
people on both sides of the Confederate
statue issue some want to keep him some
want to get rid of him and there're fine
people on both sides he was not talking
about the races but the media told you
that so what happens to race relations
it's a mess it's a freaking mess what
did Hillary Clinton tell you about the
Trump campaign all a bunch of racists
what evidence did they give well that
doesn't matter because they were
persuading they didn't care about the
facts didn't care about the facts they
were persuading did they succeed they
did they did succeed so that the
Democrats and the media supporting them
lied lied lied lied lied lied on this
topic race relations and they frickin
ruined it they just ruined it I mean
they're really destroying the country on
something that's as dear to the the
American experience is anything which is
the whole trying to live with people who
are different than you
you know the ethnic melting pot that's
the old term I think there's updated
terms for that but that's pretty central
to who we want to be and how we want to
live our lives who ruined that wasn't
the president I do you remember the
president ever saying well I certainly
like to discriminate against this group
or that imagine the worst thing that the
president ever said if the media had
reported it just objectively suppose
President had said during his campaign
we want to seal up the border and um and
deport anybody who's not legal suppose I
was just reported as fact they would
have said this president really wants to
enforce the laws that are on the books
enforcing those laws that are on the
books
will be very bad very bad for the
illegal residents of the country and we
have some compassion for them we hope
that this can be worked out that would
be a completely objective thing to say
and sure enough you know he's not not
deporting the 14 million people here
that was a little bit of hyperbole but
if had simply been reported objectively
well we've got a president who says he's
going to enforce the the laws that are
on the books it was the media that said
therefore he's a racist right because
I'm pretty sure if we had exactly the
same issues with Canada he'd be talking
about a Canadian border can you think of
any reason he wouldn't if if Mexico had
been you know let's say a high-income
country and there was just no
immigration problems whatsoever would he
still be talking about them because
they're brown if we had this enormous
problem on the north where those damn
Canadians were you know coming over and
stealing our jobs and bringing drugs and
crime and you know and let me let me
avoid the racist wrap and say I have no
reason to believe that Canadians or
Mexicans are bringing a higher level of
crime or anything else into the country
I've never seen statistics of that
nature
so I'm just speaking about the topic in
concept here I'm pretty sure that the
president would have been hard on
Canadians if they had been the problem
now take and you can you can take this
analysis to almost any issue today I saw
I think Pierce was it Pierce I'm sorry
Morgan
yeah so there was a news story that new
poll says that that Muslims have a far
worse
of this president than the last
president now some of that is because
some of that is probably because a lot
of Muslims thought that Obama was one so
you get a little you get a little bit of
a bump in popularity if somebody thinks
you're one of them so some a number of
people probably thought Obama was just a
Muslim and so the whoever came after the
person who was mistakenly thought to be
a Muslim
is going to be a little less popular in
the Muslim world so you got that going
on and then imagine that the media had
just covered the the Muslim ban
objectively suppose they said oh he's
trying to keep a type of destructive
thought out of the country and we don't
know how to identify the people who have
that destructive thought the destructive
thought being you know radical Islam and
so the same way we would treat let's say
a medical quarantine situation there are
a few countries that until we figure out
how to handle this problem that we can't
tell who are the good ones and the bad
ones we're going to put a clamp on that
we're going to figure out we'll get
better at it but by no means do we want
to ban Muslims because we're not banning
them from the countries that have good
systems and we can check out who's
coming in so imagine if that Muslim ban
had been described in just objective
terms where does the line come from well
it's kind of coming from the enemy press
it's coming from the pundits that they
allow on the air so I would argue again
just summarizing this if you're saying
to yourself lying is bad
that is so simplistic
it's almost childlike lying is pretty
much the fabric of our existence you
know people are marketing they're
exaggerating their resume they're
putting on makeup they're they're only
filming themselves from the chest up so
the can
see that he gained a little weight Lee
recently we're all sort of lying
exaggerating putting a little hyperbole
on things especially the people who are
saying you damn liar you
they're lying too right so in this big
old lying world where everybody is
shading the facts and exaggerating and
sometimes they're just wrong and we have
terrible facts some of them are worse
than others if you lie on Isis economy
in North Korea you get not just a good
result you get a great result I mean you
get exactly what you want if you lie on
this stuff race relations you've got a
big problem and that's what happened but
pay attention who did the line
it was the media's lying that caused the
problems it was the president's emphasis
on persuasion over facts that is getting
us some good stuff North Korea economy
etc so I'm not suggesting that you lie
I'm suggesting that you know the
difference between a time when the truth
is absolutely the best way to go and
when shading the truth gets you a better
result such as dealing with Isis dealing
with North Korea dealing with the
economy all right those are my points
for today
Scott answer the question that Trump
lies for no reason
well you're you're using lying as a big
catch-all I would say the president
Trump has several categories that people
like to lump together as lying because
it makes that number bigger one would be
hyperbole where he simply exaggerated so
let's say the crowd size let's say the
crowd size is 10,000 and he says ah
there's 20,000 it's the biggest I've
ever had that's intentional and it's
persuasion it's not facts and it has a
good result it makes him seem like he
has more energy makes him seem more
popular gives him more power to do the
job for which he was elected so so lying
about is populaire
he actually improves his popularity
because people say hey I need to get
part of that energy everybody everybody
likes that guy apparently according to
him then there's a category of just not
having the right fact so there's some
times he just remembers a fact wrong and
if he remembers it wrong in a way that
helps him you know he's more likely to
use it I would sue because you're not
going to talk about the things that are
bad for you so some of them are just
genuinely doesn't have the the data or
as you know at a date or read a wrong
wrong source or something but he knows
the difference this is very important he
knows when it matters and there and so
far he's been right because there's
nothing that he's been he's been let's
say contrary to the fact checkers none
of it seems to matter yet
then there's the category of alright so
we did it he's just wrong oh then
there's a category there's sort of a
special category that you'll see
President Trump do that you don't see
other people do very often which is he
will sometimes just make up a fact
because it doesn't matter it just just
doesn't matter and it works for his
persuasion so if let me give you an
example so if for example he's
persuading about the economy and he says
I talked to this the small business
owner and he said he's doubling his he's
gonna double his production this year
and let's say you just made it up
there is no small business owner he
didn't double his production well does
it matter
no you look at that and say hey I better
doubled my production - and next thing
you know the economy is doing well
because everybody's everybody's excited
alright
when can I lie to my partner
yeah lying to your loved one is is a
dicey er proposition so here's here's
the deal if you're President of the
United States and you have a greater
good in mind the economy national
defense lying isn't the same thing as
when you do it to your spouse and those
are different things yes tax revenue is
up I don't know what that means in terms
of the deficit exactly like I haven't
seen that calculation yet I sometimes
wonder if Scott is trying to convince us
or himself because he works so hard at
justifying well that's the beauty of it
not being 2015 in 2015 that was a
reasonable thing to say is Scott - Scott
believe this or is he just trying to
rationalize you know his opinion but in
2018 you can just objectively look at
the data economy is up so is lying you
know North Korea is doing great
lying his way up I mean you can see for
yourself that it didn't make a
difference
you don't have to wonder anymore so if
you're asking yourself am I trying to
her to turn myself into a pretzel to
justify this thing I say I say to you
just look at it the everybody's looking
at exactly the same thing now all these
things are doing well and the lies
didn't matter they just didn't matter
except for the ones the media told
because they were they were destructive
lies not constructive lies
somebody's saying so lying is good so
much cheating and stealing now that's a
stupid thing to say sometimes I
can't tell if people are like even
serious with their criticisms and when I
say that I mean I actually can't tell
literally literally I can't tell so I
just saw that let that comment go by is
like oh well that's like oh I'll be
right back don't go anywhere let me read
that criticism again oh so you're saying
lying this terrific in every case every
case you should lie to everybody
including your spouse and I guess live
and murder are good too right Scott
right with your press illogic scene all
right what's the difference between
lying to get ahead and cheating to get
ahead yeah I'll tell you what's the
difference between lying to get ahead
and cheating to get ahead you're using
an analogy for reasoning just don't do
it don't make analogies it's like saying
well Scott what really is the difference
between lying to get ahead and driving
your car into a tree driving a car into
a tree is bad so therefore logically
it's like stop with your analogies
you're not going to persuade anybody
with those all right
under code don't lie cheat or steal I
think that's a great code so for those
people who just never want to lie cheat
or steal I think that is a very
honorable and good code don't run for
president because you don't have a
chance
but in your private life that's an
excellent rule would be good for
business people would trust you good for
your personal life yeah I think in your
personal life probably honesty is
absolutely the best
see all right I'm sure this will all be
taken out of context
I've given about an hour before somebody
says lying is good and and makes that a
headline with my picture on it probably
this picture but all right that's all
for now and I will talk to you later