[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
pom pom pom hey everybody come on in
here it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams seems like we have just one topic
these days and we're gonna hit it we're
gonna hit it hard we're gonna hit it 52
times but before we do that there's a
little thing I like to do it's called
the simultaneous hip and I know you like
it - and that's why you're rushing to
get in here on time
imagine how bad you'd feel if you were
in that let's say the third one-thousand
people to come in here and you missed
the simultaneous sip well you'd feel sad
all day no you wouldn't but it's better
if you have it and you're gonna have it
right now
and all you need is a cup or a mug or a
glass a tankard chelators type a canteen
jug or flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee enjoyed me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that's the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better the simultaneous
sip go oh yeah yeah that's good Oh
getting the day started there well let's
talk about the stuff are you ready we
got stuff Dan Crenshaw representative
Crenshaw tweeted that he said for those
claiming there's quote no plan talking
about the Iranian stuff that this was
quote reckless Dan Crenshaw reminds us
the step number one of any strategy is
to stop letting terrorist regimes attack
us without repercussions reasonable
seems reasonable if somebody is punching
you in the face repeatedly what's your
strategy well I think your strategy is
let's you know find a way to make you
stop punching me in the face at first
I'll work out some of the nuance of my
strategy later but at the moment I need
you to stop punching me in the face I
think the president retweeted that
here's the worst pun did take on the
whole Iranian situation and the and the
killing of Solomon a-all right you ready
for it
and watch how many times you hear it
today you're gonna hear this the worst
opinion the most useless thing you could
ever hear from lots of pundits today and
it goes like this well I'm gonna have to
do I'm gonna have to do this in the in
the image of Dale let me give you the
worst to take on the Iranian murder of
Solomon well the murder of Solomon II
and it goes like this it's gonna make
things more dangerous do you get that
more dangerous risky yeah it's risky
something bad might happen I've got a
feeling that killing somebody at the top
of their government might have
repercussions there might be something
bad that happens because of war okay
seem can we all stipulate can we all
just bring together can we hold hands
and stipulate that we all kind of know
that this might be a little risky can we
all agree on that
can we just never say it again can I
never can I turn on the TV today and now
here a pundit look at the camera and
tell us as if we had not figured this
out on their own you know killing their
number two guy who's the head of the
military
my expert opinion this could cause a
little risk could get dangerous okay we
know that right enough of that did you
all see the video of the car that drove
off a cliff in front of another car now
if you haven't seen it the scene is this
there's a there's one car that's filming
just because the scenery is good they
say and they're driving along this sort
of a mountainous cliff highway and the
ocean is down the cliff to the right and
as they're coming to a turn the people
were filming in their car see in front
of them another car going right in front
of them off the road and like jumping in
the air and off the cliff into the ocean
have you all seen that video and it's
been a few days now and they can't find
any sign of the car and nobody has
reported missing
that would be identifiable with that car
let me add something to this story deep
fake if I were going to fake an
interesting thing to make a viral video
how hard would it be if I were driving
down the road and I saw let's let's say
it was just coincidentally there was a
car that pulled it in front and there
was a little parking area in which the
car wouldn't past it and allegedly into
the ocean if I saw that car do that how
hard would it be for me to Photoshop
that car going not just into the parking
space but 20 feet further and often into
the ocean it wouldn't be hard right if
you were if you were good at that kind
of stuff so I asked you this did a car
coincidentally give videotaped perfectly
driving off a cliff and then nobody
found any parts and nobody reported
anybody missing keep in mind that the
video of the car is very clear so you
can tell
make and model the car it is and it's
and it was widely reported are you
telling me that nobody who knows
somebody who would own that car has
reported that they're dead or missing
now maybe it's it's entirely possible
it's entirely possible that it was a
real car that went over a cliff and
there you know we just haven't figured
out the details yet it's possible but
all I'm saying is we will all agree that
that would be easy to fake easy for
someone who knew how to do that stuff
right so if even the video of a car
going off a cliff is fake how do you
know what's real anymore
and one of the things that's gonna be
really really tough to sort out with
this Iranian situation here watch me
bring it back bringing it back to Iran
is this question what does it what are
the Iranian people think about the
murder of Solomon a do you think you
know do you think you know what the
public reaction is not not the official
reaction but the public reaction in Iran
do you think you know what that is so
you were seeing the two competing
narratives take off I guess Salman a was
there was a funeral service for him I
guess yesterday and there were just
god-awful even you know huge number of
people attended and I saw one commenter
say that you shouldn't believe these
Saudi Arabia shills who are saying that
people are actually happy about Solomon
a being killed and that if you look at
the if you look at the number of people
who attended the funeral you can see
it's a really big deal over there now
here's the thing can you and I tell if
it's a big deal yet or what percentage
of the Iranian people are happy about it
and different or or angry about it
can you tell because I can't tell it's
too early and if you can't tell if a car
went off a cliff will we ever know
ever will we ever know what was the
internal opinion of this now I can tell
you that I continue to hear anecdotal
reports so anecdotal means there's no
scientific reason to assume that this is
a general truth but anecdotally I'm
hearing trickles of people who know
people in a rayon or connected to Arab
who are saying that they're happy but
it's anecdotal likewise the the pictures
of the millions of mourners going to the
funeral is anecdotal because no matter
how many million went to the funeral how
many million did not how many million
were dancing in their living rooms
instead of going to the funeral we don't
know so it doesn't matter that million
that a million let's say a million
people went to a funeral let's say it's
the biggest funeral of all time what
does it mean well it doesn't mean
anything necessarily because you don't
know about the people who didn't go you
know there are more of them obviously
there are more people who didn't go but
they had lots of reasons not to go they
were busy they had other things to do
it's too far away too expensive whatever
so watch for the Battle of of persuasion
on the question of what the Iranian
public thinks of this all right the
president has this week I think his
worst week of persuasion I say this
again for my continuous critics who say
no matter what the President does you
say it was amazing and great and
persuasive well no that's just not true
I don't say that and I'm definitely now
saying it today I think today might have
been the president's biggest persuasion
mistakes now I'm not counting let's say
you know things he said off the top of
his head they got him in trouble because
you could find lots of examples of
things he said you know just
spontaneously that got him in trouble
but with his tweets you know with his
tweets he puts thought into it and he's
trying to persuade
so if he puts thought into it and tries
to persuade and it's still wrong I'm
gonna call that out and this is the
rawest in my opinion it's the the worst
performance of the President on
persuasion and here's why
so he did his tweet where he saw that
where he wore the irradiance
via tweet but of course he's talking to
his domestic people at the same time and
he's saying that the US has targeted 50
to Iranian sites which he goes on to say
represents the 52 American hostages
taken by Iran many years ago and that he
says some of those targets the 52
targets are a very high level and
important to Iran and the Iranian
culture this is so bad I mean this is
and this border is unimpeachable
it√°lia this is really bad and those
targets in Iran itself will be hit very
fast and very hard in the USA wants to
no more threats here's everything that's
wrong with that by bringing the past
into it the 52 American hostages that
were taken was at 1979 or something by
bringing the past into it he has
complicated a simple situation I was
praising aggressively aggressively
praising Lindsey Graham's approach which
I believed incorrectly I incorrectly
believed was also the president's
approach so it turns out the Lindsey
Graham and the president are not on the
same page which is a surprise on this
topic it's a surprise it wouldn't be a
surprise on topics in general but on
this topic I'm surprised to find out
that the president is not taking Lindsey
Graham's
advice and/or lead on that or vice versa
and so the president's talking about 52
sites including and this is just so bad
Iranian culturally important sites oh my
god that's bad
when when the president says we're gonna
attack culturally important sites he's
not talking about the government anymore
that's a big you to the people of
Iran and I can't support this absolutely
do not support this if we were to attack
important Iranian cultural sites I mean
I assume we would only attack them as a
military presence or something but given
that we have options such as the oil
refineries I would say this is the worst
performance we've ever seen out of the
president persuasion wise now I'm gonna
soften this a little bit because there's
an argument on the other side and I
don't want to ignore it I'm just gonna
say that I prefer the argument that I'm
giving you the argument on the other
side is that telling them there are 52
sites it does make them spread their
defensive resources out so it could be
that the entire plant is still the
refineries all right so here's I'm going
to give the president a trapdoor
like there there's a look there is one
way that this can still make sense and
still be right but I don't think it's
true I'm just gonna mention it so all
the possibilities are on the table one
possibility is he's just making it
harder for the the Iranian military to
defend the places were actually going to
attack if we need to attack so if that's
what he's doing now so bad because it
could be that the military had just said
to Lindsey Graham Lindsey you fool
you've told them exactly where we're
going to attack so they can put all
their defenses there but I don't know if
they have enough defenses to stop our
attacks on the refinery does Iran have
such good defenses that they get really
defend refineries I don't think so but
but that would be the just for
completeness I'll say if the reason he's
doing it is to make Iran have more
trouble defending
everything they need to defend that
could have some utility right and
somebody says I'm mind-reading that's
the opposite of what I'm doing I'm
telling you that there are possibilities
that all fit the facts how does that
mind-reading I'm giving you all the
possibilities and I'm not telling you
that any of them are rule there that's
the opposite of mind-reading all right
mind-reading says you know what they're
thinking I'm saying the opposite of that
okay
the opposite of I know what he's
thinking is what I'm saying right now
the other possibility is that well
that's really the main thing it rashes
us up the danger it makes it look like
the potential is bigger maybe it sounds
scary you know sort of bullying and
threatening but here's another thing
that's wrong with it
it reframes it as revenge you can't do
worse than that that says that's the
lowest worst job you could do on
persuasion is to reframe this thing as
revenge for something that happened in
 1979 really do you know what's
wrong with the Middle East this this is
what's wrong with the Middle East the
Middle East is always fighting some war
in the past they're always trying to
reclaim the land that we lost a thousand
years ago over fifty years ago or where
we're mad about that time this ruler did
this or that other leader did this in
the past fighting the last war is a
dumbest thing that the president
could do and bringing 1979 into this is
it is probably his biggest mistake all
right
now the again let's let's show both
sides so another thing that it could do
is it could remind America of let's say
the bad intentions of Iranians over
decades so could it could remind the
American public especially the ones who
haven't looked into it let's say you're
35 years old and you have no idea why
we're mad at Iran you just you don't
have the context well by bringing up to
52 it requires the news media to remind
the American public of what Iran did in
1979 and they took some hostages it
could be and I'll just throw this out as
speculation all right because I you know
I would love I would love to find out
that there's something missing in my
opinion or at least my understanding in
which would make the president's tweet
actually smarter than it looks and I
would love that to be true and it would
be consistent with everything we've seen
for several years if that turned out to
be true so I would say there's a strong
possibility there's something I don't
know that's part of why he's tweeting
this way would we all agree that there
might be something I don't know they
would change how I think about this one
of the things and I'll just speculate is
that the Iranians may have threatened to
take hostages so on the menu of things
that Iran might do one of the things
that probably would bother us a lot is
if they took hostages and the president
reminding them that taking hostages
won't work out for them meaning that
we're still going to get revenge for
hostages they took in 1979 it could be
connected meaning that it's a way to
remind them that taking hostages will
never work out for you in the long run
maybe I mean if we find out that that's
the case I would soften my opinion a
little bit I say oh okay this is really
about hostage taking and it's a warning
not
do it maybe possibly that's the best
spin I could put on it and then he goes
on to say well no that's what he's going
out to say oh it gets worse this is
really bad it definitely is worst week
in my opinion unless we find out some
new information
it's just worst week and then he goes on
to tweet the president does the United
States just spend two trillion dollars
on military equipment we are the biggest
and by far the best in the world if Iran
tacks on an American base or any
American we will be sending some of that
brand new beautiful equipment their way
and without hesitation god I hate that
tweet I really hate that tweet now
dezirian know that the US military is so
much bigger than theirs that that they
can't compete straight up yeah of course
does the rand know that we have enough
military stuff to do what we need to do
yeah of course do we need to remind both
the American taxpayers and Iran that we
spend two trillion dollars on Twitter
two trillion dollars is trending and not
in a good way not in a good way is
trending as sort of a dick move that you
know what it sounds like here's the
framing that I get out of this the
framing I get out of this is we spent
this money we want to use it this feels
like we're gonna we're gonna you up
because we spend a lot of money on this
stuff and we don't want to have a sunk
cost that's not what it's saying but
that's how it feels it feels like we
spent the money we need to use this
stuff awful awful F I give this to these
two tweets absolute failing grades and
by the way I'm not anti a killing of
Salomon a so in terms of what the
president decided I don't know that
that's wrong that might be right but
these tweets are way wrong all right
so we we're learning a little bit about
the president's decision-making and
here's the story that's emerging stories
say that the president was giving a
range of options from dealing with Iran
and that and here's the funny part they
decided to give Trump one very risky
option and the reporting says and this
sounds reasonable I mean it passes the
sniff test so the reporting says that
the military always gives them an
extreme option so that it makes it
easier to pick a moderate option in
other words the moderate option might
look pretty dangerous but it'll look
less dangerous if you package package it
with other choices one of them is more
risky so on no military presentation
expert but if I'm presenting options to
a president who is named President Trump
do you feel comfortable going in that
room the thinking he's not gonna pick
the risky one who was it on the military
side putting together the options who
said you know he's never gonna pick this
risky one have you met the president
yeah I think he might pick the risky one
that which doesn't mean it's the wrong
choice you know let me be very careful
doesn't mean it's the wrong choice but
if they went into a meeting thinking
that President Donald J Trump would pick
the safe one I don't know if they've
ever met the president have they ever
met the president he does not
you know reflexively and automatically
take the choice you think he's gonna
take ever he never takes the choice
you're gonna take you could give him 50
choices and rank them based on whether
you would take them you know that you
rank them all 50 choices from the one
you would take to the one you would
least take he might take the one you'd
least take that's so much built into his
personality and part of his success I
would say definitely part of his success
doing the unusual doing
the unexpected doing the riskier than
you would do going further than you
would go that's who he is so it feels
like a gigantic military mistake if they
thought they were going to manipulate
the president by giving him one option
that looked extra risky he might take
that asked extra risky one so note note
to self note to self if you don't want
him taking the risky option you better
not give it to him all right so here are
a few things going on on the question of
the imminent attacks so there are two
things we know one is that there
apparently there have been 13 rocket
attacks generally in the direction of
American interests I guess over there in
the Middle East and then there was
another rocket attack last night I guess
or two rocket attacks that occurred near
an Iraqi base that hosts coalition
troops so it's a rocket attack there was
near an iraqi base but there's some
coalition troops there does that mean
that it was a response it's kind of
murky there was also some kind of action
in Africa at a base where sometimes
Americans use the base but we don't know
it was Al Shabab who attacked but al
Shabaab usually doesn't like I ran but
sometimes they do you know they've
worked with Iran in the past so even
though they normally don't like them
maybe they're doing a favor is it a
coincidence that they attacked a
facility that might have some american
interest so we might see this with this
infinite greys situation where we're not
entirely sure if Iran is even
retaliating all we see is a bunch of
people who may or may not like Iran
doing things they may or may not have
done anyway and we just aren't gonna
know if it's because of her Iran's
influence or not
but let me tie this back to the question
of whether Solomon a was planning a
widespread and more attacks so the
president is saying two reasons there
are two reasons for killing him alright
one reason is you have to draw the line
at you know he is at the behavior so if
Iran was had killed the contractor they
were attacking an embassy they've done
some other stuff if that if we didn't
react if we didn't react
it would create a precedent where they
say oh I guess we can keep keep doing
this stuff until we drive him out of the
Middle East so the President as Crenshaw
said one of the objectives was simply to
make sure that they knew that they've
gone too far and that nothing's going to
go further than this that's that's our
point of reaction that's good the second
reason given is that there were a
potential future or bigger attacks
planned and we stopped some big attacks
from happening now one of the one of the
things I've taught you is that if
somebody gives one good reason for
something oh I did it because it's
probably true in other words is well not
probably but depending who you're
talking to and how credible they are if
you get one reason that's probably an
indication that it's a correct and
accurate and honest reason doesn't mean
necessarily it's true just because it's
one reason but it's an indication of
truth there's one reason here's a tell
for a liar oh I'm sorry I'm late
I got a flat tire and traffic was bad if
somebody gives you two reasons two
different reasons for a thing that might
be a lot the more reasons you add it's
because you think your first reason
isn't credible it's sort of a tell for a
lie to add a second reason and this
killing of Solomon a has two reasons one
we have to draw a line says you know
we've
enough you know you know so it's a
defensive thing and two we're stopping a
future attack that we knew about the
second part of that does not pass the
sniff test could be true totally could
be true but it doesn't pass the sniff
test because of the two reasons all
right
one reason convincing two reasons you
start to have some questions about
whether they're making up reasons
because they don't want to tell you the
real reason now I'm going to tie this
all together if it's true that there
were thirteen attacks in the past two
months and plus we've seen all these
other little attacks plus you know the
attacks of the contractor with the
attacks of the embassy etc here's my
here's my addition to the conversation
dude did we need to know specifically
what those next future attacks would be
in order to know that there were future
attacks and that this guy would be
behind them here's my addition to the
conversation
our intelligence did not need to know
anything specific about future attacks
in order to know that there would happen
because the past had created a pattern
that was unambiguous attacks attacks
attacks tax tax tax attacks today what
are the odds that they weren't going to
be future attacks if all the other
attacks had been happening and they were
regular and they were increasing of
course they were going to be future
attacks of course there were going to be
it was obvious that Iran's strategy was
to keep you know poking us and poking us
in as many places until it became
unbearable to stay you know with forces
in the area it's obvious that was the
strategy why is it obvious because that
would be our strategy there would be
anybody strategy it's an obvious
strategy if it had not been Iran's
strategy to focus as much as possible
until we feel like we have to leave well
what would be wrong with Iran I mean are
they idiots everything we see about Iran
suggests they're smart
everything and it would have been smart
to poke us until they you know as long
as it worked and it was working so those
those who say that they doubt the
intelligence that we knew there were
imminent attacks I say to you doesn't
matter
completely irrelevant it is completely
irrelevant if we had specific reliable
Intel about future attacks it doesn't
matter to anything because we have
enough of a history to know there's a
hundred percent chance of future attacks
especially if we don't lay down the line
in the sand as long as there was no line
that says we're gonna stop you if you
keep doing this and there was a history
of it increasing over time and this guy
was travelling around talking to people
how much intelligence do you need to
know there was going to be more of it
you don't need any so the people are
asking about the quality of the
intelligence I would say irrelevant all
right
see what else we got going on here I'm
gonna double down on my prediction there
was somebody somebody high up in the
Iranian government who tweeted out the
location and value of all of the Trump
properties around the world which seemed
to me that he was suggesting that the
Trump properties around the world would
be a risk or maybe he's suggesting that
other people put them at risk and I
thought that was actually a pretty good
play from Arang because all they did it
was the guy I forget who I suppose
somebody somebody high up in the
government he tweeted a Forbes I think
it was a Forbes article that just listed
all the Trump properties and where they
are now there's nothing illegal about
about tweeting a Forbes article it just
happened to be kind of threatening in
our Turnus situation because it shows
all those properties now I haven't seen
that reported in the
News and I'm glad because the less
attention that gets the better I
probably shouldn't have mentioned it
myself but I don't think there are any
terrorists watching this periscope and
at least I hope not
any of you terrorists I hope not
so I thought that was a pretty good
persuasion play but on behalf of all
Americans I think I can save the
following if they ever if anybody ever
acted on that particular threat that
would be a really big mistake as
mistakes go if Iran were dumb so I think
it's smart to sort of call it out you
know just to to remind us that everybody
is vulnerable so that's probably smart
but if anything happens if that turns
into an attack on one of those
properties that's a different level
that's that's a big problem
all right so I don't think they're gonna
do all right so I'm gonna double down on
my prediction are you ready here's my
prediction there will not be an
unambiguous attack from Iran there will
be ambiguous situations where we think
maybe they were behind something but
we're not quite sure so I think that's
where it's going I don't think you're
gonna see something like an attack on
the mainland
an Iranian obvious Iranian proxy who
obviously doing it just because Iran
told them to I don't think we're gonna
see that yeah I think it's gonna be like
the Kenya situation today where you look
at it you go I don't know al-shabaab
they barely they don't even like her and
but they've worked with them I don't
know their Islamic maybe maybe timing so
I think you get to see a lot of gray
area but no direct smoking gun
while all this happened all this was
happening there was another gigantic
piece of news that probably you missed
the President signed Congress I guess
Congress passed and the President signed
the Debbie Smith reauthorization Act of
2019 that's named after a rape victim of
the past and what it does is if funds
money so that the states can test a
hundred thousand untested rape kits in
other words we have the DNA from a
hundred thousand rapes that nobody has
the resources or the ability so far to
test and the president just funded it
think about that the president in all
likelihood just solved a hundred
thousand rapes that's a pretty big deal
I mean that's a super big deal and
that's just the ones that are backlog
think about all the ones going forward
because it's not just about the ones in
the backlog it's about all the ones that
are coming in every day and here's the
question you have to ask yourself why
did that happen before why did we have
to wait for Trump to need to sign it and
you know Congress to pass it well why
did this take so long I mean I'm the guy
who always says you know that's not a
fair question why did it take so long
but it's a curiosity why did that take
so long because it's not like the
government ran out of money I mean you
know we're dead anyway and a few
whatever millions of dollars for this
isn't going to change our debt much but
he just solved a hundred thousand rapes
how do you vote for the the other one if
you're if you're a woman and you're
looking at this and you're saying yeah I
want to I want to vote for the one who's
the best for women I don't know
presidents building a little portfolio
here that women are gonna have a harder
time ignoring so I the interesting
situation yesterday I just have to tell
you this so you're gonna have a laugh so
I had a bunch of trash after Christmas
so if you can imagine a pile of trash
about the size of a small car now some
of it was an old Christmas tree a fake
Christmas tree dr. bill won some
decorations that were old some some old
kinds of Christmas lights that are
inefficient and then a whole bunch of
garbage because coincidentally because
the holidays I forgot to put my garbage
out so I had all this garbage so we
hired a company with an app alright you
don't use an app and hired independent
contractor to come pick it up and he did
guys showed up
picked up all of our trash pretty good
news wouldn't you say what a world we
live in you could just pick up an app
and your trash goes away well that's the
good part what he to it what he did was
he filled his truck with my trash he
drove it to a public street in a in a
neighboring town and he dumped it on the
side of the public street I know this
because he well-meaning bicyclists I
think he was on a bicycle drove by and
saw this gigantic pile of trash on a
public street including trash bags dug
into my trash found my tax information a
lot of other stuff that I should have in
any other time I would have shredded
this is the first time I was too lazy to
shred some stuff I was just half there's
too much of it I don't feel like
spending half a day shredding it'll just
go to the dump I thought it's just gonna
go to the dump
yes it had my address on it and they had
enough personal information that the
bicyclist called me at home and said is
this picture I'm sending you on my phone
after he sent me a picture he said does
this your trash it's got your name all
over it and Christina's name all over it
and it was
so now I have a gigantic pile of my
trash that is a criminal act right I
mean I've apparently I'm guilty of
littering in a massive way in a
neighboring town so we had to use
another app and hire another trash guy
and here's the fun part
there was no address right I knew sort
of by description that was on a certain
road but it wasn't it was a road that
didn't have any addresses nearby yeah
there was a lot of trees and stuff I
think there was a park there or
something so I had to we had to figure
out how to did like describe it and send
him over so four hundred and fifty
dollars later that's what it cost to
send a truck out to pick up my garbage
and take it to the dump so I think I
spent about six hundred dollars getting
rid of garbage yesterday which should
have been free but let me tell you don't
always trust your apps all right I just
had to tell you that we sent the bill to
the other to the other app provider not
expecting to get reimbursed all right
that's all I got for now well I'll tell
you the app the app was go trashy go
trashy was the app that we use that
ended up with the garbage by the side of
the road now to be clear these sorts of
apps do not employ I don't think yeah
couldn't I don't think they employ these
people these are just independent
contractors kind of like uber you know
uber is not uber can't really know that
every person who drives an uber car is
not a criminal or will not commit a
crime so I don't blame the app maker so
don't take it out on the app maker there
are bad humans and it was just a bad
human who got in the mix so nothing I
have nothing negative to say about the
app itself there was just one bad one
bad apple
yeah so like like I'm saying you should
not I would not ask you the app I would
say that they got one bad person working
for him and you know that's the way it
works I wouldn't want to see them I
wouldn't want to see them damaged
because they got a bad apple of me in
the mix that would not be not
appropriate and not fair to them small
claims court now because that would
really be about the individuals and it's
just not worth doing somebody says that
go trashy is their dating app that's
pretty funny all right that's enough for
now I'll talk to you later