[Music]
boom-boom-boom-boom
pom pom pom pom boom hey everybody come
on in here it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams yeah it does look good I
have a dog Scott Adams and you're here
for coffee or possibly another beverage
a beverage of your choice and if all of
that is true and I know it is you're
ready for the simultaneous sip
yes it comes with a little song it is
something that you've been learning it's
improved it's better and it goes like
this I know why you're here you're here
for the simultaneous up
all you need is a cup of margaret glass
a tankard challenger stein a canteen
joker plank or flask the vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee
and joining me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous hip go uh-huh
yep that's the good stuff just like I
hope it's better every time did
everybody get everything that they
wanted for Christmas are you enjoying
your Boxing Day happy Boxing Day if
anybody knows what Boxing Day is all
about please tell me I understand there
are a few different theories on that and
we don't know which one is thank you
somebody liked my comic today Dilbert so
we got stuff to talk about
are you ready UN Agenda 2030 I don't
know about that's but I'll look into it
here's what's going on in no particular
order where the heck are our pardons for
Roger stone in general Flynn now I've
said that there probably could never be
a better time to pardon Flynn and stone
than right now at the end of the year
but there might be some considerations
some people have said let their pleas
run out before you pardoned them because
if they succeed in their plea deals and
the
nothing's pardoned and that's the best
of all cases well maybe maybe but I see
both Flynn and stone a sort of special
cases and if they were to get pardoned I
don't think that would have any impact
on their careers versus you know going
through the appeals process and being
cleared that way if they got lucky in
that way but I can't think of a better
time to do it can you it seems to me
that the president has clearly signaled
his interest and willingness to do it
because when he was asked about it
instead of saying yes or no which is the
correct thing to do he doesn't want to
give a yes or no but he says immediately
they were treated very very unfairly
that's that's the cats on the roof right
if you're president who has the power to
pardon only has one comment about the
people you're asking about and the
comment is a positive one he's decided I
mean it seems to me he's decided that's
what he wants to do now that doesn't
mean he can do it meaning that there
there may be bigger considerations here
that we don't quite understand the legal
system can be a little opaque sometimes
but let me say on behalf of a an
exhausted
public and see if you back be honest in
the comments I want to see if you agree
because stone and Flynn were caught in
processed crimes for something that was
a setup basically a way to squeeze these
guys and they were essentially entrapped
because if you if you put Roger stone on
if you put Roger stone on the record
he's gonna say something that isn't this
is actually true maybe possibly so in a
way it looks like Roger stone is going
to prison for being Roger stone and I
know that you can't really you can't
make it okay to lie to law enforcement
you know I get that that has to be a
crime but the reasons for pardons is
that there
special cases they override our
technical need for following all the
rules I've never seen a better case than
this I don't believe you'll ever see
maybe you probably never see a case this
clean where where the circumstances that
caused them to get in trouble in the
first place we're so illegitimate on on
behalf of the entire country that it
just seems right at this point it just
seems right to to clean the record as
much as a pardon can clean record so I
don't know the legal technicalities but
I would say mr. president the greatest
showman on earth I've called them that
before the president probably has the
best sense of drama story and show that
you've ever seen I mean he just has a
natural sense on knowing what the moment
is what the what the most provocative
thing would be what the what the clever
twist would be to keep the thing
interesting I mean it's the most
interesting person any of us have ever
known love him or hate him
president Trump is the most interesting
person any of us have ever known I mean
I think that's just true he doesn't even
know how to be uninteresting have you
ever seen him uninteresting once even
once yeah I don't even think he could
turn off interesting dodd jr. has the
same thing by the way
Don Jr I think it's impossible for him
to be uninteresting love him or hate him
always interesting so they've got that
and here's my point because we're in
this little weird holiday season when
people are far more biased toward
goodwill than they are toward fighting
and it's the only time of the year that
happens yeah really this is the only
time of the year the entire country is a
little bit more biased toward love then
let's fight it out you couldn't pick a
better time to do this because he's
gonna get brutalized no matter what but
why don't why not do it when the press
is on vacation and the country is
already leading your direction there is
no better time this
is the best time to do it unless there's
a legal thing I don't know about anyway
so enough on that stock market is
reportedly up more than fifty percent
since Trump was elected which is
reportedly faster if you look at just
this point in his presidency entering
the third year or into the third year
it's faster to stock market growth than
any president before any president now
here's the fun part he has the best
stock market growth of any president and
I don't think the stock market is
overdone because the experts are not
warning us that we've hit a bubble and
the stock market is gonna fall back
there are just as many experts saying
you know 2020 it's looking kind of good
right and this is on top of and I might
be the only person in the world who says
this on top of a really strong
performance by the Obama administration
I always give Obama credit for taking us
off the bottom but that's a different
skill set than taking you from a strong
position to oh my god position which is
what Trump has done Obama did a solid
solid job of taking us from the very
bottom the you know the precipice almost
falling off the edge to a strong
position but Trump took us from strong
to I didn't even know that was possible
you you gotta get both of them credit
for that it's just a different skillset
different skill set at a different time
if you would reverse their jobs if you'd
made Trump president first an Obama
president second I don't know this this
would've worked honestly because their
skill sets would have then been
mismatched to the situation let's talk
about something else oh just one more
thing on that when I say something like
the stock market is up after Trump got
elected let me say for the benefit of
the people who don't make that normal
assumptions I do not believe that any
one economic indicator tells you what's
happening I am aware that the federal
debt is pretty scary looking
although it's not like regular debt so I
don't know exactly how to evaluate it
but it's scary I will acknowledge that a
good stock market doesn't help everybody
I'll acknowledge that you know lots of
other factors etc and I acknowledge that
Obama was a big part of getting things
strong as a base that said it is
unambiguously room for celebration that
the stock market is up and it's not a
bubble I mean that's just good you know
there's no negative spin you can put on
that it's just not everything my cat is
ripping up my Hasek right now if you
hear you hear fabric flying through the
air I've got a suggestion let's talk
about the the so-called homeless problem
which is really a mental health and drug
addiction problem let's talk about that
because I feel as though 2020 is going
to be the year that we get serious about
that it feels like the the zeitgeist is
starting to focus on the homeless
problem
maybe it's because of scale if I only
got big enough that we can't you know
nobody has the luxury of ignoring it
anymore it could be because our other
problems are under better control than
before so we have a little luxury of
focusing on the next big thing it could
be because it's a political season and
California versus Trump gets them
jabbering about whether California is
doing a good job with their own state
and it could be and I think this might
be the biggest thing is that dr. drew is
making a dent in the national
consciousness how many of you are aware
and and I talked about this before when
I once tweeted something I think last
week in which I without comment I
tweeted something that made it look like
the the homeless problem is a lack of
housing and so many of you jumped on me
because you had been trained either
directly or directly through dr. Drew's
or dr. Drew Pinsky that is not really a
homeless problem and the the compelling
reason that he gives is we have you know
how many millions of immigrants come
into the country illegally every year
and they don't sleep on the street even
pee
who have nothing can find a place
indoors to sleep but the people were out
in the street it's because they're they
have some kind of mental problem some
kind of a drug addiction problem in
general I'm generalizing and once you
understand that the problem is not a
lack of housing but a lack of people who
want to get into that housing because
they'd rather stay outside sleep on the
sidewalk take some drugs fall asleep in
a heroin stupor yes maybe it's not a bad
day you know think about it if you were
one of these people on the streets and
you had two possibilities one is that
you could spend half of the day under
heroin which I've never had I understand
feels good that's why they do it and
then you fall asleep on a you know a
pile of clothing and you're you know
you're dressed up with you know 50
pounds of clothing on you so you're not
that cold and you're you're drunk or
you're on heroin anyway they at least
have some part of a day that's pretty
good I hate to say it but they have some
part of their 24-hour day it's kind of
good cuz they're stoned or drunk or
whatever or sleep and so as dr. Joe
points out you can't solve that problem
by building houses that they don't want
to live in they couldn't live in don't
want to live in and won't live in can't
force them so I have a frame suggestion
instead of calling it a homeless problem
which I think gets us down the wrong
track and by the way we'll talk about
Gavin Newsom and the president's words
with each other in the debt I would
refer to reframe this and I'm just gonna
throw this out as a suggestion we're in
the brainstorming category so I make no
claim that the following suggestion will
be productive it'll just make you think
differently than you were rather than
saying we have a homeless problem or
that it's mental health or even the drug
addiction problem I wonder if you could
define people as indoor people versus
outdoor people indoor people versus
outdoor people the indoor people will be
people who want to be indoors
now if they can't get indoors but they
want to well let's see if we can help
them you know what's that take if your
only problem is you don't have you don't
have a drug problem you don't have a
mental problem your only problem is that
you wish you lived indoors and you're
outdoors that's one set of solutions you
know what do you do for that person and
in fact I talked about this one of the
solutions was people are literally
sleeping in their cars but in parking
lots that are have a security guard and
it's for that purpose
and they have some kind of public
restroom facility for those people who
just have a money problem and it might
be temporary because they have jobs so
they're working through their temporary
money problem maybe that's some kind of
solution like that where it's not really
outdoors but it's not quite indoors but
there must be it seems to me that that
let's call them the outdoor people the
people who wouldn't go indoors even if
you gave them the opportunity is there a
way to keep them outdoors but much much
more comfortable much safer in a way
that they're less likely to die it's
just a question you know could you could
you literally make it more of a tense
situation could you take advantage of
somebody suggested this the other day of
using let's say broken or obsolete
campers you know ones that are not good
enough to be on the road anymore but
maybe they're good as a shelter you put
him in some kind of outdoor campsite so
I'm just gonna brainstorm and I'm I
think that there might be a place in
some situations not every situation
where improving the outdoor life and
getting them off the public street get
them to something that has something
like a bathroom facility you know
however rudimentary it is is that better
I know does that get you anything or
does it make people want to go live
there I don't think you'd want to live
there I don't think anybody would say
hey give me some outdoor life so I can
live with the dry that drug addicts and
the mentally unstable people I mean
nobody's gonna choose it but it might be
better now the other thing that has to
be talked about and dr.xu brings us up
the most is the laws do not
you two involuntarily control somebody
so if somebody's an adult and they're
not breaking a specific law that's the
kind you get arrested for you can't make
them leave the street apparently there's
nothing you can do if somebody's crazy
and dangerous to themselves there's not
much you can do you just leave them
there until they die
I think dr. drew said there was
something like a thousand homeless
people died just being you know outdoors
and dangerous situations of various
types so the the conversation that has
to happen and you're gonna see it in
2020 looks like this what what moral
responsibility does the government have
regarding the people who were outside
and really can't take care of themselves
in a safe way do we have a moral
responsibility to step in take control
of them physically and say you can't be
on the on the street you must be in this
facility you must take this treatment
you know you must take this maybe in
some cases pills if they have mental
health illness that could be helped by
medication so that is a question which I
think is going to be a big big 20/20
question and I'm gonna I'll help dr.
Drew magnify that maybe some of you will
and I don't know that I have the answer
it could it well could be that the
country looks at it wrestles with it as
a as a moral you know a real moral
contest if you will pro and con and at
the end of it it could be that we say
you know freedom is actually that
important that will let people who died
a day died in the street or whatever it
is whatever the number becomes because
it's better than involuntary
incarceration for things that normally
would not be so I think the conversation
has to happen it has to happen by
responsible people who mean well and
2020 that's going to happen all right
interesting I'm watching President Trump
take aim at California specifically
governor Newsom and Nancy Pelosi for
their districts being a mess with
homelessness and addiction and bad stuff
in the streets etc and Gavin Newsom it
responded back by saying and this is
sort of mind-blowing given given the
conversation I was just having sort of
mind-blowing earlier this month
Gavin Newsom governor of California
blamed the Trump administration over
rising homelessness in cities like Los
Angeles and San Francisco
saying the White House was taking no
action on quote housing first the
governor's approach to solving
homelessness the proposal would involve
getting people in homes first and
potentially adding job skills training
or addiction services later correct me
if I'm wrong but isn't governor Newsom's
proposal first of all exactly the
opposite of what I think dr. drew an
actual expert in this field would tell
you you should do it's exactly the
opposite right it's backwards so is it a
bad thing that President Trump is not
allowing or helping governor Newsom do
something that is exactly backwards and
guaranteed to fail I mean there's some
things that you can say well it might
work right there are lots of things
where you'd say to yourself this could
work you know give it a chance but this
is one of those things you know won't
work
and that's actually a rare category if
you take a drug-addicted persons and put
them in a nice home how long does that
last you know it's just not a home
problem and if the governor doesn't
understand even what the problem is it
makes you wonder why does he want to
build facilities well anytime you have
local politicians let's say state
politicians who are in favor of building
construction to solve the problem what's
the first thing you think of
right now if the local politicians
control who gets what bid you know what
what budgets go to what construction
projects and all that
immediately you're talking about all
kinds of corruption now I'm not saying
that governor Newsom is corrupt I've
never heard anything that would suggest
that but it's immediately going down the
road that has all the problems because
that's where the corruption lives you
know the building a facility so
certainly I would like to see if if
California were even a little bit
serious about this California would say
you know we may not know exactly what
the problem is or how to fix it let's
try a few things you will know they call
it California's on the way to getting
fixed when you hear the following we're
going to try something we haven't tried
before in this one area in California
and maybe we'll try some other things at
the same time but we're going to test
and we're gonna see what works if you
hear California saying something like
that we'll get a test it against other
things and then whatever works best
we'll do more of you might have
something you might be hearing about the
beginning of of an improvement somebody
says they have heard that but I haven't
heard that when that becomes the
dominant message you might have
something but if if you're hearing
somebody say we have a homeless problem
and the government the federal
government isn't letting us build more
structures you do not have anything that
is even a potential problem there's
nothing in that that even might work it
doesn't have a it's empty it's
completely empty so the president is
hammering California and it feels like
he's really put a the crosshairs on them
you mean as a as a state and as an issue
and I think is really strong now I don't
think anybody thinks it's possible their
president Trump could win you know let's
say the popular vote or or the electoral
vote in California but let me let me
just toss this out here I want to say
this in the most dramatic way anybody
you ask who knows anything about
politics will tell you that it would be
impossible for president Trump to win
California in the in the electoral
college
but I think he might be taking a run for
it
because the way he's targeted to them
and and in his his attacks you know are
relentless they're gonna be targeted
they will be repeatable they will be
catchy and they will become as big an
issue as he wants them to be because
he's the president and he's not an
ordinary president he's president Trump
so if he wants you to think about how
bad California is for the next year
you're gonna be thinking a lot about how
bad California is for the next year if
it turns out he doesn't have a bigger
target to go after and given that Pelosi
is in California and some of the biggest
problems that our Democrat related are
in California he might he might just
focus all lasers on California
and I want to be the first one to say
although it does seem impossible on any
rational basis that the president could
flip California I think this president
could flip California now maybe a year
isn't enough but I'll bet he can move
the dial because he does have those
skills he has the skills to move
people's brains like nobody ever has
nobody's ever been anywhere in this you
know even the vicinity of his
effectiveness of doing this stuff and if
he decides that this is gonna be his big
things to go after a drug addiction and
homelessness and it's all related you
know maybe a lot of people's minds is
related to immigration and some
interactor direct way I he might take a
shot at it
he might you know I wouldn't predict he
could succeed but I've never heard
there's nobody else who would ever even
have a slight chance
what do you might never know all right I
would say the best way to think of the
quote housing shortage so when goose'
when Goosen Gavin Newsom talks about the
the need for low-cost housing for the
homeless I think that housing should not
be considered
housing should not be considered a
solution for the homeless although in
some cases it is but there the limited
cases I think that low-cost housing
should be seen as a solution to wait for
it
what is low caste locked low-cost
housing a solution to the debt and to
high taxes because if we can build and I
think this is the future I've been
saying this forever but the biggest
change that's coming in the next say 10
years is low-cost housing that's
actually good housing we've had low-cost
housing that's you know low quality
we've had high high-quality housing
there was good quality what we've never
had but now chem because we we have the
ability to do it with just nobody's
doing it we have the ability to build
very low-cost housing that's actually
more livable better a better quality of
life than even expensive housing we have
all that know how to do that now some
you know maybe some local building codes
would have to be revised people would
have to form businesses in different
ways and find different business models
and all that but that's what the golden
age is you know I've defined this as the
golden age meaning that it's a period
when there are no real shortages there
we don't have a shortage of goods
there's enough stuff there's enough
money there's enough materials there's
nothing you know metal in the ground etc
there's enough stuff well we don't have
systems that are designed correctly to
put the right stuff where it needs to be
so we're in a design phase where
everything that needs to be fixed is a
question of design not of shortages or
or not of shortages basically so every
time we talk about a housing shortage
and and they need need for low-cost
housing think of it in terms of if we
could get the cost of living let's say a
really high quality retirement life or a
you know millennial young person life if
we could get the cost of living a good
life down to a let's say 20% of what it
cost now
what does that do to your ability to buy
health care insurance well suddenly
you've doubled the number of people who
are covered let's say that in a rational
way you might cut in half the number of
people who don't have health care if you
made their living spend so low that now
they can afford it so thinking about the
housing shortage so to speak or the need
for low-cost housing should really be a
question about the national debt about
you know the social services expenses
and about taxes and the question about
the people who are living outdoors well
maybe they're just indoor people and
outdoor people first you decide which
they are and then you decide let's try
some stuff maybe we leave them outdoors
but give them more services maybe
there's a one County where we
involuntarily Lock them up but we just
try it for a year because we don't want
to necessarily commit to this forever
just see how it works all right here's
the here's a cautionary tale for you
Lindsey Vonn famous Olympic skater
Lindsey Vonn proposed marriage to her
boyfriend PK who was a professional
athlete and posted it on Instagram I
guess and she said women aren't the only
ones who should get engagement rings and
she showed that she bought an engagement
ring and proposed to her boyfriend and
he said yes what do you think about that
what does everybody think about I just
want to get your reaction now in one
hand on one hand can we not all
celebrate can we not all celebrate that
we're all different we're all completely
different you know we're not just
different in gender we're not just
different and ethnicity experience
income we're just all completely
different and it's only our minds that
try to put us in these packages say all
right you're you're mostly Filipino and
you're a woman you know so that's your
package that's just our minds organizing
ourselves into categories because we
like to deal with categories but the
truth is were all just completely
different people so
there's certainly no right or wrong way
to do anything so let me say this
Lindsey Vonn Vaughn and her betrothed
this probably worked just fine for them
so I don't have any any criticisms
whatsoever I will say this would not
work for most people
and it gets worse they posed with a
picture and it looks like she might be a
little bit taller than him I can't tell
but it looks like she might be a little
taller
I think she's tall and they have their
arms around each other but in the same
photo that's announcing their engagement
she has her arm around him above so you
know their arms around each other side
by side and it looks like his is below
and and hers is above and so you see her
her one arm coming let's see how'd he do
coming over his shoulder like this in
like a in like a dominant position like
she's got the highest arm position so
she's she's sort of towering over him
physically while announcing on on
Instagram that she proposed to him and
he said yes and she gave him a ring now
all I got to say about this is um they
look really happy and again I'm not
going to judge what works for those two
people because the most important thing
over all this is that no two people are
like this could be the greatest thing
ever
he might be saying you know that's why I
want to marry you I mean it's perfectly
possible that why he says is this is
exactly why I want to marry you this you
know you you make everything work for us
you you know it wasn't ready so glad you
did it could be perfect but ladies
ladies let me give you this advice you
probably don't want to follow this model
it might work perfectly for them no
criticism intended or accidental but
don't follow this model it's all I'm
saying because I would say that 99% of
men would not respond to positive
positively to this but I'm glad that
they seem to be happy because they do
look pretty happy in their pictures all
right Kanye West dropped his new album
Jesus is born on Christmas on Christmas
he drops an album on Christmas who drops
a new album on Christmas the day you
would get the least publicity god yeah
now this is a follow-up to his Jesus was
it his other album about Jesus and I
guess most of it is from his Sunday
services the the choir that he brings to
Sunday services and I gotta say every
time I hear more about Kanye I like him
better every time I hear a news story
about him now for full disclosure I am
NOT a fan of that genre of music so I'm
not a I'm not a believer I would
wouldn't be somebody who would you know
naturally attend a spiritual service nor
would I listen to spiritual music
doesn't doesn't quite connect with me
but nonetheless it is fair to say it's
very popular around the world and his
last album was a giant hit I think this
one will be too and and the reason I
talk about Kanye is because I think he's
more important than other people think I
think he's more important to the world
he you know he talks about being
president and I've said this before but
I think president would be shooting low
in his case you know who won do you
think Kanye West's talents would be best
used sitting around meetings all day
like as a meeting and when the meetings
done you got another meeting and then
you're gonna cut a kind of tape and pass
somebody in the head and you're gonna
meet the Ambassador from Luxembourg does
that feel like the best use for the you
know maybe the greatest creative force
of our time hey greatest creative force
of our time once you go to some meetings
I feel like the worst thing he could
possibly do right now could he become a
president I think he could actually I
think he could run for president if he
if he got as serious as you could
possibly get
and he said stuff like if I become
president I will choose from among this
group of people as my advisors you would
say Wow okay the same thing Trump did
with with Judicial Appointments for the
Supreme Court one of the things that
made people comfortable with Trump as
they said he said this is the list that
the Federal Society or somebody made of
judges
I will only pick from this list so you
don't even have to worry if I'll make a
bad pick it's already pre picked so
somebody like Kanye could do something
like that and say look I'm not I'm not
an economist but I'm gonna pick an
economist from this list they're all
they all won I know Awards or whatever
so yes Kanye could win the presidency
maybe not this next one you know but at
some point he's a young man he could win
the presidency if that's what he wanted
well I'll say this again I think it
would be a waste of his talent because
he seems to be doing something that's
bigger way bigger the the biggest gap in
this country wasn't even government you
know our government has lots of flaws
but it runs long you know the government
it chugs along it's it's not broken per
se but we were kinda broken on the
spiritual level wouldn't you say we have
we have a fractured country who is maybe
our biggest problem is that people are
divided and we're fighting about
identity politics and stuff that we
don't need to be fighting about I mean
we've we've solved so many of our big
problems and our external threats that
we've sort of turned on each other
you're not not too seriously but it's
getting that way if you can't walk
outside with a the name of Trump on your
hat without getting your ass kicked
we've got some work to do right so I
think that Kanye is essentially without
saying it and maybe I don't even know
how much intention there is to this
he is emerging shall we say oh so I'll
take I'll take the intention and it I'll
just say he's emerging through
intentional acts as a spiritual force
that is very unique
think about this if you said to yourself
any other religious leader let's say
anybody from the religious right if
somebody from the religious right
whether it's you know Bill Graham jr.
who ever tried to emerge as the
spiritual leader for the United States
how would that go over it wouldn't right
it wouldn't go over at all it wouldn't
go over because people would say no
that's a you know white Republican guy I
don't really want to be in the spiritual
path with the white Republican guy and
if it were whoever else you know
somebody would said I'm not one of those
Kanye has done something that other
people can't do and he's already done it
which is he's become free from labels
who did whoever did that who has ever
been free from labels because you say to
yourself what label do you put on Kanye
conservative no liberal no name another
person that you can't you can't tell me
if they're a conservative or a liberal
name one other person in the whole world
that you actually can't answer the
question you know I don't even know if
he's conservative or liberal right yeah
I'll bet for a lot of you that's the
first time you thought of it that way
yeah oh somebody saying liberal but when
I say conservative when he talks about
freeing yourself from your the mental
prisons of the past and just working in
you know doing the best at what you can
do with what you have that's a very
conservative message
he just doesn't wrap it in traditional
conservative language but in terms of
you know lift yourself up you know pray
to your God take care of yourself first
and then you can take care of other
people he's an amazing role model
amazing role model and he's done what
nobody else can do he has freed himself
from labels he freed himself from labels
do you know I Jesus historical Jesus was
in part one of the reasons that Jesus is
such a important historical religious
figure is that Jesus also was was free
from labels named somebody besides Jesus
who was free from labels was Jesus a
liberal you know what even is ethnicity
Jesus's ethnicity was almost irrelevant
you couldn't even tell if Jesus was you
know part human part God Jesus was
almost well I don't know accidentally or
by design I don't know but Jesus is sort
of unlabeled why is it that black people
white people every kind of people can
pray to Jesus because Jesus isn't really
on the other team
Jesus is the character who you can't
even tell what color is supposed to be
if he's human
liberal didn't you know you just don't
know so that's part of the magic of
Jesus Kanye he managed to pull off a
Jesus move I'm not saying he's Jesus
calm down calm down
I'm not saying Kanye's as good as Jesus
all I'm saying is that if you were to
look at that one element the ability to
be free of labels who else did it
who else did it I can't think of anybody
so keep your eye out and Kanye once he
freed himself from labels and by the way
here's another thing that Kanye freed
himself here suddenly I talk about all
the time how many times have I talked
about using your ego as a tool instead
of using your ego as who you are I've
got to protect my ego I don't want to be
embarrassed I don't want to go out there
and have people think badly of me
watch watch what Kanye does over the
course of his career how many times has
Kanye put his ego completely on the line
imagine making this you know for
famously when he he said the thing about
President Trump didn't like black people
famously when he said what he said about
Taylor Swift you know maybe
maybe shouldn't have won that award and
it should have gone to somebody else
think about all the things that Connie
has done and now here's his support of
the president you're at least as a
person his his movement to this kind of
music I mean really
almost everything Kanye does is a an
ongoing public debate with his own ego
and you saw that in the famous video
when he was with the TMZ crew and he was
he was he got kind of emotional because
he was talking about how he had he had
lipo so that the people he was talking
to you know the press and the public
would not make fun of him for being fat
and you could see it was a very
vulnerable moment you can see it
actually it actually bothered him but
here's what's special about it he was
saying it in public Kanye was actually
putting his you know even though he told
you his ego was damaged in a sense
because he you know you had to get lipo
so he didn't get mocked for being fat
but he was he was sort of confessing
that in public and so he was basically
telling you you know I had a weight
problem it bothered me I mean he was
completely putting his ego on the line
so watch for this pattern because I've
said this is a success tell for somebody
who's going someplace somebody who's
still on the way the people were still
on the way somewhere they're still
rising are the people who can have that
honest conversation with their ego and
they could say you know I'm just gonna
put my ego inside their hurts I'm gonna
move it aside I'm gonna talk about it
I'm gonna take a chance I'm gonna take a
risk I'm gonna put myself out there he
does that every day Kanye does that
every day I sounded like a Fox News
commercial there all right they're
getting in my head apparently Michael
more famous anti-trump er recently said
I think it was yesterday in an interview
he said and I quote white men who voted
for President Trump were quote not good
people and then he went out and made
another Equipe about it
so he said that 2/3 of white men voted
for Trump and if you see three white men
walking down the street two of them are
not not good people on average and I
thought to myself has President Trump
here's just a mental exercise what has
President Trump ever said let's say as
president well limited to his time as
candidate or president what as president
Trump ever said that was as evil and as
potentially damaging as what Michael
Moore said that white men who voted for
President Trump were not good people is
there anything that any time the
president Trump has ever said or done
that's actually as bad as this you know
I'm not talking about policies I'm
talking about statements this is one of
the worst things I've ever seen a person
say in public now he of course he can
get away with it because you know that's
that's the way our press works and
because he is a white man he can make
fun of white man that's the rule I get
that but as soon as you go down that
road of demonizing a group by some kind
of identity you are I'm not gonna say
the H word but you are in territory that
never goes well do you know what Kanye
West never says let me tell you
something that Kanye West has never said
and I will predict today never will say
this kind of stuff Kanye West would
never say it's just my opinion you know
kid Never Say Never but in my opinion
Kanye is on a whole different level of
spiritual awareness he would never say
this would he can you can you even
imagine Kanye West demonizing an entire
segment of the American public I don't
think so I am anyway P Budaj
said in an interview I guess maybe this
week they're all drug possession should
be should not result in jail time so he
would like to see no jail time
or any form of drug possession so I
assume that means the dealers the drug
dealers still have an issue but in terms
of possession no jail time and then
somebody said are you kidding me
you mean even cocaine and you know meth
even that no jail time and Buddha judge
said correct no jail time and in this
move Peabody jej has eclipsed president
Trump's position on drugs so I would say
that Buddha judge has the clear
advantage on the drug question because
of this opinion and if if he ran against
President Trump and there were only one
topic I'd vote for him the of course
there is not one topic but if the only
topic there was you know if every other
problem in the world were solved let's
say Trump solved every other problem and
the only thing left was drug addiction
and Trump ran against Buddha judge I'd
vote for Buddha judge every time because
Buddha judge is just way ahead in in the
thinking about and the taking a chance
and being creative and everything now I
would of course add my usual caveat why
are we not testing this somewhere why
are we still having a conversation in
the United States about whether drug
it's not legalization but deep DJ islet
izing I don't know what it what is the
term for something still being illegal
but there's no jail time there's a term
for that probably but if we're not at
least testing that in some County and
some state it can't be said that we're
trying all right let me say that as
clearly as possible the the problem with
drug addiction in my opinion is that
we're not trying to solve it because
trying to solve it would look like this
there's a test going on in this town
there's a different test going on in
this town there's a different test going
on in this town we're watching those
three tests very closely we're tracking
stuff we're gonna and then when we find
out which one works we'll take that one
and run it and if we think of something
that might even be better we'll test
that too if you ever hear something like
that going on
that means that you've decided to solve
the problems if you don't if you if you
don't people are saying that
decriminalization is the word for
something that's still illegal but you
don't go to jail is that true if it
feels like that should not be the right
word because if you get if you get a
fine for it it's still a criminal act
right or as criminal have a specific I
don't know we'll figure that out but you
know what we're talking about anyway
so I would appeal to President Trump and
his administration to to leapfrog Peter
Budaj edge who is in the lead on this
topic so he's he's taking a clear
unambiguous high ground and but he could
be he could be leapfrog by saying not
only do we think we should look into
that but we're gonna fund a few tests
let's just see that would be the higher
the higher ground
so Buddha judge has the high ground but
there's a little bit higher ground which
is we don't know let's test it that's
the high ground in a very interesting
move and timed with the holidays maybe
coincidentally Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu on Monday repeated his
campaign pledge to annex in other words
make part of Israel proper all West Bank
settlements as well as the Jordan Valley
now I don't know my geography well
enough to know if that includes all of
the disputed lands or just the important
ones or whatever but it's the same point
that is a really clever idea now I'm
going to use the word clever because I'm
not going to take sides right so at the
moment I'm not going to take sides
Israel versus the Palestinians I'm just
going to talk about the strategy if you
were nanyo this would be exactly the
right time to try that because he's
doing it for election purposes it's a
election promise
because I don't know that there would be
ever a better time to do it and you know
I always talk about picking up their
free money on the table if you have a
situation where the Palestinians
and your enemies in the region have said
that under every six enter under any
circumstance they want to wipe you off
the map if they leave anything that
laying around it's free money because
there's nothing you can do to make your
enemies less want to wipe you off the
map apparently there's no path to get
them to hey let's just live in peace you
can have this land we'll have that land
it doesn't exist and because Israel's
enemies have made it clear that that
doesn't exist and they don't want to
ever to exist
Israel would actually be stupid not to
take the land they can take it's free
it's free in the sense that there's no
extra charge because if you're penalty
is a hundred percent we want to wipe you
off the map and then nothing will stop
us there's no expense
so Netanyahu is picking up free money
here at probably the exact right time to
do it
because remember we're going to be we're
going to be mad about Iran building
their nuclear capabilities and Syria's
trying to sort itself out and you know
you've you've just got all kinds of
stuff going on over there
and I think Israel might be concerned
that if they don't get it now maybe
there'll be some kind of comprehensive
peace plan that they'll have to treat
seriously that they maybe don't want to
treat seriously
so by grabbing this land I think Israel
would do two things first of all make it
basically impossible to get a peace plan
so whatever Jared was working on I think
that would become impossible right
because of this but I suppose it could
be some kind of a negotiating trick
where Netanyahu's going to take the
extreme position of annexing all this
land and then in a grand gesture you
know for a for a major peace deal he
could give up the thing which nobody
thought he would give up and then it
looks like a concession so it could be
that Netanyahu is just can
solid they'll and so he has something to
give back I mean it could be nothing but
one of the best negotiating moves in the
world planned ten years in advance it
could be that but so let me say again I
will not get into the moral historical
argument of who owns the land and who
should own the land and who's being mean
to and who's occupying who you can keep
all those arguments and I'm not gonna
I'm not going to debate them but as just
a strategy thing this is kind of
brilliant
it's exactly the right time to do it
it's free money it's gonna be expensive
because it'll cause problems you know
probably be an uptick in in deaths etc
but I think any country that had this
opportunity to acquire land that has a
security and financial benefit for ages
if they didn't do it I know somebody
said Scott once World War three no I
don't think so the thing that makes this
idea so appealing is that the
Palestinian side seems so weak that I
don't see anything but an uptick in you
know low-level military stuff that's
about it
does anybody have any arguments about
kids and cages over the holidays because
I have a curiosity about this I have if
you count Twitter and casual
conversations I've mentioned or been as
part of the conversation about the kids
and cages and kids separated from their
mothers and stuff lots and lots times
how does that conversation go every time
see if you agree it goes like this
Trump put kids in cages and then what do
you say Obama did too and then what is
the other side say I don't know I don't
know what the other side says doesn't it
always go like that you know hey Trump
put kids in cages and then the
Republican or Trump supporter says Obama
started it
actually literally Obama's cages he
built those cages for that purpose Trump
just used them and used them more
because the problems that you know Obama
had a problem of a temporary upsurge and
it was the temporary upsurge that caused
Obama to build some cages and to
separate people by genders and stuff to
keep them safe Trump had an even bigger
upsurge so there were even more people
separated from parents etc and put in
cages as far as I know they were similar
situations except when it was a smaller
case and one was a bigger case but in
either case was the president
responsible for it being a small case of
that problem or a big case in both cases
it was events happening south of the
border that caused the influxes now
here's what I've never I've never
experienced and I'm wondering if any of
you have have you ever talked through
and asked people what their view of the
world looks like just describe your
worldview and it would go like this
Trump put kids in cages and then you say
Obama put kids in cages and then you say
what would you what do you think should
have been done as an alternative and
I've never heard anybody walk through
that where if you just say did the other
person instead of stopping it as hey
those are Obama cages why not take it
the next push and say you know nobody
wants kids in cages right can we agree
on that you know you me is there anybody
who wants to put a kid in the cage rip a
rip a baby from mother's arms anybody
want that okay so can we start there can
we start with we both don't want it can
we further agree that if you could
reduce it we'd be happier as long as
reducing it did not make something worse
so I would I would go for this agreement
in advance and say would you agree the
you and I would both very much like to
see less of this kids in cages business
we'd both want that a lot but we would
both agree that if the only way we can
get there is to make something else
worse well in that case we wouldn't
would you agree with me before we talk
about the details
yes you would of course because you're a
reasonable person and then you say why
did you why did Obama put kids in cages
like what was even the point of it now
that's where you have to get the person
to walk through the thinking the my
understanding and maybe I'm wrong but my
understanding is the reason that anybody
was separated is that you couldn't tell
who were real parents from not real
parents and furthermore because of the
risk of you know sexual bad behavior
which is rampant in the immigration
population not rampant in the Mexican
population let me be very clear
not rampant in immigrants in general
want to be very clear I'm talking about
people who are literally in the act of
crossing the border there's there's a
little more crime there it's more of a
lawless situation by its nature and so
the cages my understanding was for the
temporary purpose of keeping them safer
than under any other scenario which we
could reasonably come up with on short
term is that right somebody says your
level of new nuanced understanding is
purposely manipulative I'm not gonna
block you for that I normally do but
because you use big words it makes me
think that you have an actual point that
you haven't said so I'd like to hear
whoever said that I'm being purposely
manipulative with my nuance I might be
but I'm not aware of it meaning that I'm
not know if it was purposeful I would be
aware of it so I'm not aware of it but
if there's something I've said that
would suggest that I'd actually like to
hear that because that could be
interesting there might be something in
the way I'm saying this or leaving out
somebody says he's right some of you
were having the same experience if
there's something I'm leaving out
filling it please do cage is a small
word yeah there there were more like
facilities with with wire fences but
that doesn't help much does it so so
other others are agreeing that that I'm
saying it
saying it in a way that's unfair you
know if there's anybody here who wants
to come on in as a guest
let me take a guest so I'll give you a
moment to come on I'll only pick from
people were not yet on so right now
there's one person who's volunteering as
a guest but away first some others so
I'm looking for somebody only who wants
to debate the question that there was
some fundamental difference between the
way Obama did it and the way Trump did
it or to fill in the blanks about why
why Obama did it in the first place so
only looking for something that fills in
the in the blanks there let's see I
could tell from some of the names that
all right I'm not sure I'm gonna get
anybody but let's now Joe I know that I
don't think you can argue in that case
let's say Kate I'll just take a shot
Kate may not be coming on for that
purpose but let's see Kate Kate Kate are
you there Kate Kate is not there all
right let's try somebody else all the
ones who are signing up have funny troll
names so that you're all trolls all the
ones with the funny troll names are
coming on to come on but I think Theresa
might be real let's get Theresa on here
Theresa are you there maybe maybe this
feature isn't working that's two people
in her oh I tried to add and didn't work
let's try G Duffy are you there
oh god how are you are you here to talk
about immigration yes I am but actually
a slightly different take on the whole
thing
so longtime listener first-time caller
I've read your comics since I was 13
years old thank you so so make it quick
because I want to talk about this idea
of the cages are you on that topic did I
lose you
now it looks like we have some kind of a
technical difficulty so we lost we lost
scholar all right so I won't try that
again there seems to be some kind of
technical difficulty here sorry about
that but anyway I'd love to hear the
argument about what they should have
done instead of the cages in the case of
Obama which would have been the same
solution they should have done in the
trump administration but at a higher
scale I would think all right I think
that's all we got for now and oh and
there was the DNA test yeah so I think
there's some issue about DNA testing the
kids to make sure they're really
relative to the adults now I think the
people who think kids should not be in
cages do not think in terms of
incentives
this is a typical Republican versus
liberal not Republican versus liberal
but left versus right thing people on
the right tend to think in terms of what
kind of incentives will that create and
if you made it easy to come across the
border with a kid then the cartels are
going to start kidnapping children and
putting them with people and selling
them as a package to get across the
border easily because there's a kid with
them so that's the incentive somebody
says take down Kate then try again I
took down all of the callers on my end
there's nobody there's nobody here well
I do a 20/20 New Year's prediction show
I hadn't thought about that but maybe oh
you can still see Kate on the screen
interesting let's see if I can yeah
she's not in my screen so I can see all
the names of people and none of them are
Kate all right so it's just technical
difficulty we'll try we'll do better
next time somebody says go on now let's
try again
alright let's see if I can bring on LA
child
la child can you hear me good morning
did you have a comment on immigration on
kids in cages yes I do
um it occurs to me that many of us
didn't know about Obama having kids in
cages his era and so that is the one
thing that keeps knowing well but
there's but I would argue so I'll just
be I'll just take the other side of the
the argument just for fun here I would
argue that in the Obama administration
it was a brief and temporary situation
in the Trump situation it was simply
larger and in and I had nothing to do
with that what the presidents were doing
had to do with just events below the
border there were more organized events
during the administration of Trump so
would you not say it's not in terribly
it's not terribly surprising that a
small problem did not become a national
news story whereas a bigger problem did
and Trump through no fault of his own
they just weren't ready for it and or
nor was there any reason that they
should have been ready just had a bigger
problem would you say that that would
explain what you've seen because the
Obama problem was just smaller and scale
I really I'm sorry my voice I really
don't know if I'd gotten that far and
what would I seem to what I think is is
incongruent with with all of this is
that we didn't really have the
information before so it's it's new to
all of us yeah we really owe Bhama
supporter or Trump supporter I was not
an Obama supporter but I but I never
heard of it I was I never I never heard
of it either but I think that can be
explained by the fact it was small you
know there there are thousands and
of small tragedies happening all over
the country if somebody takes the gun
and kills you know one person we don't
hear about it nationally if they kill -
we might but you probably hear it at a
state or local level if they if they
kill ten it's a national story so it
shouldn't be too surprising that a small
Obama
KJ's problem wouldn't be reported but a
somewhat larger one later would be
reported so but but the question is
completely fair you know caravans were
there where they're also caravans that
we were unaware of I don't I don't
remember a caravans per se but there was
an uptick in in in volume so in other
words they there was some kind of a
change or something happened in which
the number of people coming over with
kids suddenly increased but I don't
remember the details yeah I think thanks
for calling and I appreciate it
all right so mortified that about that I
have a feeling it's shaping up that the
anti-trump errs are going to use the
kids in cages because they're going to
go back to stuff that seemed to be
working before and because the rush
occlusion didn't work Ukraine isn't
working impeachment isn't working the
economy is doing well because everything
else is doing well they're going to be
searching for crumbs and it looks like
the crumbs that they're gonna pick up
are going to be related to you know
racism and they need specific situations
and the kids in cages work so here's
what I would ask can we somehow figure
out how to get past the conversation
that ends after somebody says Trump put
kids in cages and then you say so did
Obama and then you change the subject
can we push it to the next level is
there is there a way to force that
conversation into the third thing which
is one of them had a big problem one of
them had a small problem
they both handled it the same way all
right that's all for now I will talk to
you all tomorrow