Joan always the first
one and Irv Chris everybody come on in
starting a couple minutes early today
because you want to get a jump on the
jump on the world yes you do jump jump
jump and I think I know why you're here
you came for coffee was Scott Adams
that's me this is coffee raise your mug
your glass your Stein your chalice if
you will fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me for the
simultaneous
sip ah well if you're wondering why my
sound sound quality is better today than
it was it's because I have several of
these little clipon mics
three of them are the wrong
kind and one of them is the right kind
uh and I had them backwards apparently
so the the sound you were getting was
just from the device not from the
microphone uh oh Eric Eric
Weinstein yeah let's talk about
that so Eric Weinstein asked uh so if
you don't know Eric he's a well-known um
say intellectual has I think he coined
the
term uh
intellectual dark whatever whatever that
term is so he's associated with the uh
well I don't I don't want to say what
he's associated with he's a smart guy
who talks about a lot of stuff now he
asked in Twitter um he was the
intellectual dark web yes and he he
asked on Twitter if it was true that
some people don't believe there
such a thing as an open borders opinion
and I raised my hand on Twitter and said
yes I do not believe that there's that
people really want open
borders now um he he responded with a
number of links to articles showing that
people were asking for open borders very
very directly and very specifically yeah
somebody's saying you're wrong so the
articles that uh he linked to
showed uh real real people saying that
they absolutely want open
borders but do they really so here
here's the part where we disagree so I I
had to concede the point which is that
there there there do
exist people who are calling for open
borders but they're not real all right
so I'm going to I'll concede to Eric the
point that there are people who present
themselves as open border Advocates and
if you asked them they'd probably say
yes I'm an open border Advocate and if
you said what does that mean they would
see it they would say something like
anybody can go wherever they want in the
United States um I guess that would
apply to other places but if you want to
come in and get a job do whatever you
want I don't
think that's
true here's why cuz if you combine yeah
somebody's saying mind reader that's
that's exactly the right thing to say
but let me make my case and then you you
decide now keep in mind I'm not saying
I'm reading their mind I'm saying I
don't believe them because there's an
incompleteness to their alleged opinion
and when somebody that smart gives you
an incomplete opinion you have to ask
yourself well you know where's the rest
of it and what's that mean and the
incomplete opinion is this
does anybody want open borders while we
still have what some would call a
welfare
state do we want open borders where uh
all you have to do is come over and get
some free stuff probably not I think you
would have to in order to have open
borders you would have to probably get
rid of or at least equalize whatever the
government's generosity is to its people
for people on both sides otherwise you
get people coming for free stuff
so if people come for free stuff I'm not
sure that the open borders people have
that in mind they need they may need
more of a let's say a bigger change
secondly does it look to you that Europe
is benefiting from open borders so let
me let me just ask that question so the
closest you have open borders would be
uh
Europe and am I am I wrong that they
have a big immigration problem or would
the open borders people say no no it's
the way they're doing it that's the
problem if you just let everybody do
what they wanted everything would be
fine here's the problem wouldn't open
borders get you
to
Sharia in a lot of places that didn't
expect that to come you know wouldn't
yeah at what point do people get to
vote you know where where where's the
where's the limit what is open
would the people coming in be citizens
Etc now the argument for open
borders as I understand it and I'll try
to I'll try to present their argument
without without you know shading it with
bias the argument
is that wherever you have a free flow of
Labor Things become better on average
for everyone because if there's an open
job and there's somebody who wants it
boom it's filled so that you have more
economic efficiency if people can cross
the border any way they want that part
seems reasonable that wherever you take
away friction you get a better result
but here's the thing who's the better
result
for what could you sell to the United
States the following
proposition could you sell to the
citizens of the United States this
proposition well things will be worse on
aage
for many of you in the United States but
it will be so much better for the
immigrants who come in that the average
well-being of the world will go
up who buys that who who buys that
package that says yes I'll take I'll
take the decision that's bad for me but
on average it'll be good now I I
sometimes make that decision but I'm
rich right I I can afford
that it's things are not so good for me
but it's better for the world there are
lots of times I can get on board with
that but if you're middle class or
you're lower you know you're struggling
let's say would you accept the
proposition that the average is better
even though you'll be worse off or
you'll have to compete harder or
anything else so here's here's my bottom
line I believe if I took any open
borders Advocate the people who say
they're open borders and got them them
in a room with me and nobody else was
watching and I had 45 minutes to talk to
them that the end at the end of it they
would say yeah I realize there's no way
to get
there that's what I believe so if
somebody has a
plan but they also know there's no way
to get there could you say that they
have a real
opinion I would call it no right
so when you tell me there are open
borders Advocates I say I'm not so sure
there are but then you show me that
they're saying in their own words yes
open borders it's exactly what we want I
say I read the story and I believe
they're saying that but you put me in a
room with them for 45 minutes with no
Witnesses they're going to say yeah
there's no way to get
there so it so what does it mean to says
that somebody's in favor of a plan that
they know can't work so you you're
correct that there's some you know
assumptions going on about what other
people are thinking but until I see
somebody describe a full picture and and
they describe the you know who loses who
wins and they still think it's okay then
I'm going to be skeptical so I'm still
skeptic but I will I will ConEd Eric's
point that people are saying it
um let's talk about CNN hold on a
second
um about 15 years ago or whatever it was
I wrote a
book called The dilbur of future in
which I made a bunch of uh predictions
one of my predictions was that the media
would stop would start killing famous
people to create news because there's
nothing you know there's no better news
in terms of you know what they like to
cover
than a dead famous
person now I'm not sure that's quite
happened yet but I would argue that
almost every political story you see is
caused by CNN now I'm going to say CNN
as sort of my proxy for you know people
in that side of the political
Spectrum so it's MSNBC it's the New York
Times it's the Washington Post Etc so
and let me let me just give you some
examples of things that uh CNN
created so that they could report on it
CNN and their
cohorts um I'm seeing a story that uh
Chris Cuomo was talking about uh how
terrible it was that President Trump is
quote has silence on Steve King's recent
controversial
marks um where it's here's the here's
the way it's phrased and this is by the
way this is on Fox news site this is on
Fox news but they're reporting about
what CNN is saying and they're saying uh
that when Steve King asked according to
them how terms like white nationalism
and white supremacy became
offensive do you know what's wrong with
that
story it never
happened literally that didn't happen
what happened was Steve King had a sort
of a complicated sentence in which he
was first talking and making a point
about white nationalism and white
supremacy and then as he talked he
talked about western civilization and
then about Western Civilization he said
how did western civilization become a
bad
thing the CNN and their and their like
decided that they would they would uh
and by the way Steve King clarified it
and showed the context and it's quite
obvious that that he was talking about
the uh West W civilization I mean it's
very
obvious and and to
imagine that a a representative with
this much experience went on television
and said hey what's wrong with white
supremacy don't don't you know that
didn't happen if somebody came up to you
and said hey a a sitting Senator just
came out and said uh you know white
supremacy that's fine I'm all for it
wouldn't you know without any other
checking wouldn't you know that didn't
happen probably 60% of the world
believes that happened and and I want to
be very careful I'm not defending
anything else that Steve King has ever
said or done I I don't have an opinion
about anything else he's done but in
this case they have created fake news
and they've actually sold it so it looks
like even Fox News is accepting that
this guy actually got on television and
said what's wrong with white supremacy I
guarantee you that never happened
something like that that sounded
confusing happened but he definitely
never did that right so it's exactly
like Charlottesville where the president
talked about people who are good people
on both sides of the statue question and
then the CNN and their their their folks
said aha I think he just said that
neo-nazis are fine people and they've
been reporting that as fact for a long
time now what's one of the biggest
problems in the country one of the
biggest problems in the country is race
relations wouldn't you say and
especially how people feel about their
president did the president cause that
or did CNN cause that problem I think
the the answer is obvious if CNN had
reported any of these stories
correctly black people would say oh look
we got some prison reform black
unemployment's looking great oh he said
something confusing about
Charlottesville okay he clarified that
I'm not going to worry about that cuz
obviously that was just a something he
needed to
clarify um and you know he's he's
looking at trying to help the inner
cities hasn't done enough but he's going
after fentanyl he's going after drugs
yeah we like this
guy so I'd say the biggest problem in
the country race relations entirely
caused by the way it's reported not
about the facts because the facts don't
support this the facts are largely made
up now let's take uh the reporting about
whose fault the shutdown
is you you see CNN reporting that uh
it's Trump's fault that there's a
shutdown well in a negotiation where
both sides want something and and the
prize is that they get to open the
government if they give in
how could you possibly legitimately
intellectually say that only one side is
at fault when absolutely both sides have
to be you know
intransigent it is completely a
violation of every
logical everything to imagine it's only
one side's fault and the same would be
if you said it's it's just uh Chuck and
nany's fault it would be the same thing
now ask yourself why is it that Chuck
and
Nancy uh I'll be more respectful I'll
say uh Senator or I'm sorry why is it
that Pelosi and
Schumer um can't give in tell me why the
the Democrats can't agree to something
that they want because they want they
want some form of border control Etc so
they're literally resisting something
they want and have voted for in the past
why it's not because of trump it's
because of the way the news carries it
the news has broken us into teams and
solidify that frame so as long as the
news says oh ho ho if you if you cave on
this you're giving in the evil the evil
racist president and you're you're
making the world a worst place as long
as CNN paints it that way the Democrats
can't
negotiate they can't so who caused who
who is it that you would say was the
most cause of the shutdown by far it's
the news by far it's the news if you if
there were no news what would happen if
there were no
news Trump and the Democrats would sit
down and say this isn't even important
we both agree on this basically what do
you want 5.7 will you take will you take
three and a half okay good boom gone
right it is only the news that causes
the problem and then they report on it
so that in other words they've generated
their own news about racism to report on
it they've generated their own news
about the shutdown they caused it now
they report on it like it's somebody
else's problem let's give you some more
what about the State of the
Union the state of the union is in the
news because Pelosi fairly cleverly is
saying oh this shutdown would make it
too unsafe for us to have this because
we would have enough security Now none
of that is true right they would have
plenty of security it would just
be um it would be bad form perhaps to
have it now because you would be causing
a lot of security people to work for
free and it just it wouldn't be a good
good look but why is the state of the
union the state of the union is a TV
news event it's a news event so the only
reason that we're having a conversation
about whether or not to have the State
of the Union has nothing to do with
whether the president can tell us what
he's thinking or how the union is doing
he has lots of ways to do that it's all
about television coverage and it's not
Fox News that's saying don't do it CNN
is going to report this like it's a
serious thing and they're going to keep
this story alive but there's only a
question about the State of the Union
because of news coverage if you took
that
away and there were no new if there was
no news coverage would Pelosi say oh
yeah just you know we'll be there just
go tell us what's happening I don't
think so how about this
one um one of the biggest stories and
again it's in it's a headline again
today Michael Cohen being just terrible
for different reasons right so every
week or so there's a new story about how
mohen is terrible or maniford is
terrible or or or somebody who has been
hired by the Trump Administration is
terrible what what is the
reason that so many Trump hires are so
bad and by the way I think if you're
even if you're a supporter you would
acknowledge that there is a shocking
number of uh Trump Administration hires
you know since the beginning that were
just horrible
what causes
that well what causes it is the way the
news has reported on this
President they've poisoned him it's yeah
it's impossible for him to choose from
the same base of qualified people that
anybody else could choose from any other
president who was not so framed by the
media would say hey do you want a job
and there would be all these great
qualified people and it would be you
know You' just be picking the best
people you end up with
manifer because you don't have options
now Cohen was just sort of a holdover
from his non-political days and you know
uh I don't think anybody saw a Cohen
turning on
him uh and by the way the reason that
you hire a
Cohen to take care of some of
your let's say non-public stuff is
because Cohen is not such a good lawyer
that he had other things to
do Cohen is probably a terrible lawyer
but you want a terrible lawyer to do
sort of the you know the dark secret
stuff that you just don't want to get
out so that that was a special situation
what about the
economy um the economy has several major
forces right now there's the underlying
stuff of the economy which looks good
right most of the most of the uh let's
say the variables and the Dynamics of
the economy pretty
solid but the economy is a psychology
engine if the psycholog is right it
grows assuming that you don't have
shortages or Wars or stuff and if the
psychology is wrong well then you
don't whose psychology is pushing the
market up and whose psychology is
pushing it down pretty obvious the
president is bolstering it with his
persuasion saying it's great and all the
good things about it and all the things
he's done to make it at work which
bolsters your confidence what is CNN
reporting oh I don't know it's looking a
little shaky uh well let's find let's
find the only Economist n of 100 who
will say things are going to go off the
rails let's find a story that we can
make this good Trend look like a bad
Trend let's paint it in the worst
possible way so if the if the economy
slows down CNN will report on it and
they will have caused it not entirely
but to maybe the largest extent and
might be the biggest variable is how
people feel about it so if confidence
goes
down who caused it it wasn't it wasn't
you know you and I sitting at home
having our own thoughts it was the way
it's reported because that's the only
thing we really know about the big
questions about the economy is the way
it's
reported all right
um so
look at look at the biggest stories in
the news and make this a
habit ask yourself if this had been
reported straight meaning just the
facts would we have this National
problem that the news is reporting
about all right I don't think so right
um I want to I want to take some time
each of my
periscopes
to um highlight bad thinking wherever I
see it so it could be bad thinking on
the left or the right or in the media or
in the government or whatever just
really really bad thinking and here's
the one I just saw and it was from
uh I I won't even tell you who because
it doesn't matter where it came from you
it's something probably most of you said
so it goes like this um some Republican
is accused of being a racist and then
some uh somebody on the right says hey
you
Democrats uh uh the Democrat Party is
the party of racism because it's the
party of slavery it's the party of the
KKK it's the party of all these racist
things that my
friends is just bad
thinking do I have to tell you why do I
have to tell you why it's you can't even
say you disagree with it or agree with
it it's there's just something wrong
with your brain you know it's you're not
optimized for thinking if you say that
that
matters yeah it doesn't really
matter what happened decades ago those
people aren't around those people are
not the ones everything changes if you
tell me I should judge Hillary Clinton
by something she did in college I'm
going to say hell no I might not want
her to be president but I'm sure not
going to judge her for something she did
in her 20s that I didn't like even if it
was racist even if it was racist because
you know what happens if you wait 50
years and you stay
alive well for a lot of people you
become better people you know you get
smarter wiser Society changes you grow
with it you evolve the most normal thing
in the world is for bad things to turn
into good things
startups that don't have anything going
for them become big companies people who
used to be bad become good people who
who committed crimes in the past stop
doing it people used to be cheaters
become faithful people who you the most
common thing in the world is for people
to just become better and if you wait 50
years almost everybody's
better
so the the claim that it's some kind of
a defense for
current you know allegations of racism
because somebody else belongs to a group
and the group of completely different
people who have been dead for years did
bad things in the past there is
just no connective tissue between those
thoughts and to act as though that's a
response is embarrassing frankly and uh
I I don't I don't know what else to say
about that
um
now let me ask
you uh oh the Gillette
ad so the gal
ad I saw a headline that said it was a
big success and I suppose a big success
means that they got a lot of clicks
which they did and everybody's talking
about it but wouldn't you love to know
how that meeting
went wouldn't you love to have been in
the meeting where Gillette made those
decisions and here's the question I'm
asking myself what what was the gender
mix in the
meeting you know was it was it all men
probably not right wouldn't you guess
that it was not a group of all men who
made the decision about the Gillette
commercial somebody says all men I don't
think so maybe I'd love to know I would
love
to know exactly who was in the room when
they were talking about that in that
meeting and made a made a
decision um my guesses it went something
like
this there were probably some women
involved and that when they raised the
idea the men uh were afraid to push
back so my guess is that the men in the
meeting were sitting there quietly
thinking to themselves oh I hate this
this I hate this but I don't know what
to do about it I don't want to lose my
job I don't want to be the one who's
pushing back against because think about
it the way it was
presented probably was hey let's take a
stand against these bad behaviors of you
know meing and uh whatever else they
highlighted and if you were just talking
about the bad behaviors it'd be hard to
push back right like who's going to push
back against bad behavior
uh so I think I think the men were just
trapped and they just sat there and said
all right let's let's give it a try now
it's
possible that they knew exactly what
they were doing and they said oh man
people are going to flip out when they
see this we're going to get so many
clicks this will be good for business
but here's the problem remember remember
when Nike did its
commercial and what did Nike do I forget
but their sales one way up um the thing
is that Nike is purchased by everybody
so if you if you anger half of your
buyers but you really excite the other
half you're probably going to come out
on top but Gillette is pretty much a
male product right they have lady
Janette Gillette stuff but I think it's
mostly a male stuff male product I don't
know how the math works for them I don't
know how how they can offend their Core
Audio audence and hope that the smaller
part of Their audience makes up the
difference and so I'd love to see how
that worked out for them but anyway it's
kind of kind of
hilarious now my comment
was that it was
sexist and sexist because of the not
mentioning women now I'm not going to
you know I'm not making the point oh
women have toxic femininity or anything
like that but the point is anytime you
identify any segment of the population
and say this segment has a
problem you're not really on strong
ground you know we don't live in a
society in which that's okay you can't
pick out any group you can't pick out
women you can't pick out men you can't
pick out you know white black you can't
pick out a group and do a commercial
condemning them like in general uh so it
shouldn't work out for them but maybe it
will let's Str to
that you said I'm an expert on brand
destroying
BS well many of you have watched me uh
cannibalize my own brand and maybe some
of you are curious about that Scott you
may say why are you making people you
know hate your dilber comic and hate you
personally if they liked you at all
before with your controversy
comments on
things and um I've explained it before
which is I'm not managing my
brand and that's my
value my value is I'm not going to
manage my brand I mean I do a little bit
right I mean on you know for the the
obvious stuff but
um I I'm one of the probably one of the
few people who has any kind of public
platform who isn't doing it for the
money now I like money and if I could
find a way to monetize this I probably
would so if you see me making money
someday from this you know I hope you're
just happy about it but I don't do it
for that reason nobody would do anything
I've done for the last three years
because they thought there was a profit
in it I do it because I think there's
this desperate societal need for a third
opinion and ideally
fourth and fifth and
sixth I don't know too many people who
are arguing in public that they can't
tell for example if climate change is
you know something we really need to
worry about or not and I've I've talked
about that a lot can you imagine that
that helps me in any way the answer is
no I don't see any way that will ever
help me but could it help the country
could it helped the world well that's
the point
you know the point of it is that if I
can you know Elevate the discussion and
I'm hoping that the the minimum I can
accomplish is to get rid of the worst
arguments on both sides right uh some
people say they they find it boring so I
usually I'm trying to put these at the
end of the periscopes CU I'm getting two
completely different reactions some
people are quite excited by it and by
the way I'm getting more I'm getting
more direct messages on the topic of
climate than almost anything else and
most people are saying that they they're
really appreciating that I'm you know
taking risk on
it um and amazingly as as far as I've
gone on climate
change uh as far as I've gone on climate
change here's a question I still can't
get to the bottom of and I don't know
why has the temperature gone uh gone up
in an unprecedented way in the last 100
years
look at all the time that I've spent
looking at both arguments and and all of
the arguments come down to one thing has
the temperature gone up in an
unprecedented way in the last 100 years
because if the answer is no then there's
nothing to worry about if the answer is
yes probably there's a lot to worry
about you know I think we'll be fine but
you should definitely worry about it the
most basic question I can't get to the
the bottom of it because both sides are
dug in and can't send me to a link that
I can just look at and say oh there it
is well there's the temperature right
there they both so um I've said this
before the most persuasive um one of the
top two but one one of the best most
persuasive Skeptics of climate is Tony
heler who writes under the name Steve
Goddard and he presents all all kinds of
detailed arguments and he does the best
job of anybody I've seen on the
skeptical side of making the the story
simple in other words bringing it down
to a level where everybody can
understand it so in terms of his
communication skills and in terms of his
knowledge he's I think he's the gold
standard of Skeptics so much so that if
he could be debunked I would say the
climate scientists
win that's how much credibility I'm
putting with him all right I think
Spencer and haer and Linden some of the
others um they're convincing on their
own but their arguments aren't quite as
persuasive they don't they don't seem to
hold the same power and I'm not sure
quite why
um
so if I could find a climate scientist
who would look at Tony Heller's um let's
say his uh assumptions and his
presentations and tell me what's wrong
with them then I would probably lean
toward the climate scientist point of
view but it's been quite a while and
I've been talking about him for a while
and I've been looking at links and
people always send me links to say okay
I'm I'm going to debunk him here's my
link and I don't see it
[Music]
so it's conspicuous in its absence so
far that doesn't mean it doesn't exist
all right I'm still looking but it's
conspicuous in its absence that his
arguments continue to sort of stand un
unattacked and his arguments are that
the uh largely that the data has been
fudged now I disagree with Tony on this
one point intention
so uh the climate gate used the words um
you know hide the decline and used a
trick so that is used by many people to
say aha we have discovered intention
they they clearly are you know on the
surface made a decision to fake climate
science for whatever reason I say that's
not in evidence and not even close to
being in
evidence the far more likely um somebody
said follow the
money all right if you follow the money
you can end up in two places not one the
people saying the follow the money are
probably saying they're they're being
paid and therefore they're just taking
the position of whoever is paying them
that's one thing that follow the money
could mean here's another thing that
follow the money could mean bias it
could be that the scientists genuinely
believe
and that this is my opinion my opinion
is that the climate scientists genuinely
believe what they're saying and that
when they have a
discrepancy they do try to explain it
way to maintain their original position
because there's so much other
information that confirms it you know if
you have a 100 things that confirms your
opinion and then there's this one thing
that seems like wait these these tree
rings don't work or this there was this
period that doesn't make sense they
would try to explain it away the most
normal thing you would do is try to
explain away the one thing that was in
disagreement with the H 100
things so follow the money means two
things one you're just being a jerk and
you're taking money and you're not even
doing science and you know you're doing
it I don't think that's happening cuz if
that were happening you would definitely
have a whistleblower you know you would
have more people saying yeah I was in
the room I heard them talking about it
uh and you know they were they were all
bad I think what you have instead is
people who are biased and are operating
on their bias but here's the complicated
part they could be operating on their
bias and still be right right you could
be operating on your bias and still be
right because because they're either
going to be biased for or against
climate change and climate change is
either happening or not in in the
dangerous way obviously
happening
um so I would say the the Tony heler
standard is what I've come down to if
somebody can uh make a convincing
argument against his proposition that
the historical data was was tinkered
with for the purpose of selling climate
change that's going to be pretty
convincing to me yeah if if nobody can
and if somebody can we'll all listen to
the argument all right but but the other
arguments I've heard that I've dismissed
I've dismissed the climate climate
people don't believe it cuz they buy
beach houses you know rich people buy
houses in all kinds of dangerous places
including the one I'm in right now I'm
in earthquake territory all right rich
people build
houses in dangerous places literally
last night I was talking to a rich
person who lost his house in the big
California fire did he know he was
living in a place that could burn well
yeah it was
forested rich people always build in
dangerous places it's just the most
routine thing we do and we know that
there's pretty good chance this house
will burn up or flood or be in a
hurricane or
something the argument that climate
scientists forgot to consider the impact
of the sun on the climate I reject as
just being stupid really they're climate
scientists now now if you said they
calculated it wrong and here's why I'll
listen to that but if you say no climate
scientists forgot the sun they did not
forget the sun they did not forget the
sun somebody's saying no one says
that no one who knows what they're
talking about says that if you were on
my Twitter feed you would see person
after person saying they forgot to
calculate the sun which is not what
happened
um then the other bad argument is that
historically uh historically that CO2
and temperatures have not been together
so why why do you assume that they are
now that argument falls apart because
once you calculate the sun with the
calculation of temperature and CO2
they're in perfect alignment say the
scientists and that seems pretty
convincing to me the uh the other the
other bad argument is CO2 is a trace
material could not have as much effect
as the clouds and we can't we can't
figure out what the clouds are doing to
which I say CO2 is what is causing the
greater water vapor so the clouds are
because of the CO2 that's the whole
point the the point is not CO2 or
clouds the climate science point is that
the CO2 causes a difference in the cloud
cover which causes a difference in the
temperature all right so most of the
arguments that I can penetrate from the
Skeptics just fall apart I mean they're
just ridiculous so if you're a climate
skeptic I would advise you to retreat
from the bad
arguments all right now if you said for
example also that the temperature I
think the temperature in the United
States has not been uh going up like it
has in the rest of the country if you
say haha the landbased temperatures
don't show this increase I say well you
got a problem something like 95% of all
the land-based measurements are in the
United States so
basically landbased measurements as far
as I can tell are not really part of
climate
science let me say that again because
that would be the most controversial
thing you've ever
said the ocean is 90% of the warming
right 90% of the the temperature stuff
has to do with the ocean because it's
you know the big the big Mass all right
we have very few measurements in the
ocean but we have lots of measurements
on land unfortunately almost all of
those measurements like 90 plus% are in
the United States and there's a
suggestion by the climate scientists
that the United States might be an
outlier meaning that you know we might
actually not be getting warmer even if
the rest of the world is which would not
be unusual you could have warmer and
colder places even if the the average is
going
up so what that tells me is that the
landbased measurements are actually not
really part of the
decision how could they be it's only 10%
of the total heat and most of them are
in United States and I think people
agree on both sides that the United
States is the exception so if the only
land measurements we have you know the
90% of them are in the one place by
coincidence is the exception to global
warming what the hell good is it
couldn't we just ignore land-based
measurements and shouldn't we now I'm
sure a scientist would give me a good
answer to that whenever you hear me say
something that sounds like a conclusion
in this in this topic you should just
assume I don't know what I'm talking
about but if uh but if I can't figure it
out with all of your help and all the
people sending me links and you know
there tons of scientists who are
following this conversation
if we can't figure this out you got to
wonder why not all right that's a fair
question um so I would say that the most
unbelievable claim from climate science
scientists is this the most unbelievable
Claim by climate scientists is we can
measure the average temperature of the
earth and we can also do it um and we
can do it historically in a way that is
is precise enough that we can tell that
there's something really weird going on
right now now I'm not saying there isn't
something weird going on with
temperatures cuz it it does feel like
you know we're better at measuring
things lately and that most of that
change is lately so we probably have a
good a good idea that lately there's
something scary happening that part
seems reasonable but how far back can
you go to determine that it's unusual
for that part I don't believe it all
right I just don't believe it now again
you don't want to be the person who's
the trite saying oh a science can't do
something and then the next thing you
know you got a you got a man on the moon
um but oh can I give a reason why oh a
reason why I don't think that we can
measure the temperature of the Earth
because we measure uh maybe
less than 1% of the
ocean I would say we probably measure 1%
of the ocean and 90% of all the warming
in the world is in the ocean and if
you've ever seen an ocean that water is
moving around a little bit have you ever
been in a swimming pool where the top of
the water is you know like or not the
top of the water but like you're
swimming through a swimming pool and
you're going through hot and cool Parts
just within a swimming pool like you're
in one part you're like hey it's kind of
warm and then you go to another part of
the same pool and it's
I can't believe that we've got enough
measurements in enough places given the
size of the world and all the the fluid
motions the fact that you've got some
volcanoes under the water here and there
I can't believe it I'd love to believe
it's true but it's the most unbelievable
part of climate
science somebody saying please stop I oh
damn it I was just going to block you
for saying that
um please stop is a comment which will
get you blocked in the future okay uh if
you have you know if if it if the topic
doesn't interest you I would invite you
to just not listen and if the topic does
interest you and you think I'm just
saying the wrong stuff give me a reason
you know you got you got room just give
me a reason and then you're you're more
than welcome to stay because I like
being challenged on it
because you know my thinking is very um
very approximate somebody said what
about satellites I do not believe
satellites can measure measure the uh
the temperature of the Earth at the
level of complexity that we need and
they didn't come around until
1979 so satellites wouldn't help you
before 1979 and you kind of need to know
what happened before that to make a
decision about whether today is unusual
um yes heat rises and gets into the
lower troposphere which satellites are
apparently pretty good at meas measuring
but if you tell me that there is a
perfect or perfect enough correlation
between the what's happening in the
temperature at the bottom of the ocean
the bottom of the ocean and what's
happening in the troposphere Maybe
maybe but uh it doesn't sound believable
so they would need to convince me a
little bit on
that yeah and apparently the uh you've
heard the stories that the magnetic
north is moving have you heard of that
apparently deep within the world the the
molten the molten whatever uh must be
metallic is moving around so that the
North Pole is no longer the North Pole
like the the magnetic north is moved
like a lot right it's it's not even
moving a little it's moving a lot now
here's here's a question for you did you
know that the uh the ma the magnetic
core of the Earth is the only reason
that we can survive how many of you knew
that if we didn't have you know a
magnetic Planet we'd all be
dead what are the odds so what
apparently what the magnetic field the
United States does is it uh reduces
radiation I think I'm using the right
word and if we did not have a magnetic
World we'd all be we couldn't have life
because the radiation would kill us the
the magnetic is like a force
field now let me ask you
this what are the
odds that you live on a planet that has
literally a force field
do other planets have force
fields doesn't that make you wonder if
you understand
reality CU it's a little bit like the
simulation right it's a little bit like
um makes you wonder if you know Advanced
aliens years ago came to the world and
said you know we could we could grow
life here if we could take care of this
radiation then somebody said well why
don't we
magnetize uh the the lava or whatever it
is and the molten whatever at the center
of the earth if we magnetize it then the
world will will evolve in a way that
supports
life so you have to wonder was there
ever a time when you know aliens picked
up in the big you know pulled up in the
Big Spaceship you know let's say the
Earth is this big and the alien
spaceship is this big and it's they got
a big electromagnet and they see it and
they go hey let's let's magnet ize this
this this bad boy if we magnetize the
inner core this this thing will become a
force field and then life can live on
it so I suppose I suppose there's
nothing unusual about having a force
field on your
planet I remember reading about that and
thinking seriously a force field we have
a natural force field because I've
always wondered what the hell magnetism
was for you know like why does it exist
here's something that'll blow your
mind um and if you didn't know this it's
freaky hold
on let's say you had two
magnets right some most of you already
know this but for those who don't let's
say you have two magnets if you get them
close they stick together right now
let's say you want to keep these two
magnets from being attracted what can
you put between them
that will make them not attractive let's
say you put a 100 mile wall of some kind
between
them but it has to be you know the same
distance cuz the magnetic field only
let's say goes this
far what can you put between two magnets
to turn off their magnetic attraction do
you know the answer to
this
nothing
nothing right so a few of you knew this
there's literally nothing there's no
material no material either
theoretically or in reality they can go
between these and stop them from being
attracted isn't that
weird that that that was the moment I
realized I didn't understand reality the
moment I realized that there's nothing
you can do to even slow it down now if
you said to me okay you could put you
know some kind of advanced ceramic
between him and you know and if you
measured it you could see that it took
1% off because it was a good dense
material or whatever but it turns out
that whatever magnetism is we certainly
don't have a a common sense
understanding of it because it is not
affected by anything in the
way now I don't think that's true of
gravity right if you put something
between a planet and you well I guess
that would just increase your attraction
in the same direction
but uh if you don't understand why
gravity can affect things no matter
what's in between
them you know it's a weird planet all
right that's all I've got for today and
I will talk to you tomorrow