we should do a
show anybody up for that check in the
stock market it's down how is Tesla
doing down again we're about 10 days in
a row Tesla's just getting hammered I
think that's almost entirely political
but I don't
know I don't know what else it would
be all right let's see if we can get our
comments going from the locals people
here we
go oh there's something wrong still
wearing shoes I can't do this with shoes
on
better there we
go good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time
but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
cuper murer a glass of tank or chalice
Stein a canteen jug or flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens right now
you are now
fortified all right if you were
subscribing to the Dilbert comic which
never stopped some of you think it did
but it didn't um dilber is uh being
recruited to work on
Doge so it's just going to be a onewe
series he won't be there long because he
always has to return to his other life
but uh Dilbert is selected to work for
Doge I don't know if you knew this
but in the Dilbert comic Universe
although Dilbert is a put-upon cubical
employee uh I always try to um frame him
as the best engineer in the world so of
course he'd be asked of course he
would all right um let's look at see if
there's any science that they could have
skipped and maybe save some money let's
see uh Eric Dolan's writing for S post
the stronger men have more sex
partners stronger men have more sex
partners H I wonder how much they spent
to find out that women like stronger men
cuz I didn't see it coming no I did see
it coming next time just ask me Scott
we're thinking about doing a study of to
see if tall men have more sex don't need
to they do well okay well what if we
study to find out if
tall rich men have more sex don't need
to don't need to they do okay but we're
still curious about tall rich men who
have all of their
hair yes more sex every time but what
about tall rich men who go to the gym
and really have a good physique again
save your
money this is why you come to me first
Big Money Saver I'm like I'm like pre-
Doge you don't even need Doge if you
just come to me first that's all you
need to
do I'm just full of
answers um there's another study in
American Psychological Association I
guess that's a
publication uh they found out that
satire is more damaging than boring
criticism H who could they have asked to
save some money on that study oh that's
right why don't you ask the cartoonist
who writes satire all the time like I'm
doing right now mocking their stupid ass
study notice how my satire about their
stupid ass study is way more damning
than a boring
criticism well I I'm not sure that was a
high priority study no see boring as
soon as I lay the satire on sing Zing
right to the hearts just ask me next
time satire it's good
stuff well CNN U is uh showing their
their numbers data guy Harry
Anon uh he shows that 70% Americans say
Trump is doing exactly what he said he
would do if he got elected especially
the Doge stuff he was pretty clear about
that but uh in addition Trump set new
highs his popularity is at a new
all-time high including his entire first
term
and what could possibly be the reason
behind his popularity could it
be that he picks the uh I'm going to use
the Scott Jennings frame because this is
a good one that Trump picks the things
that 80% of the country likes and of
course 20 to 25% of the country is wrong
about everything so it wouldn't matter
what it was it's like should we save the
the orphans
because the orphanage is on fire and
there's still plenty of time to get the
orphans out should we save
them well yeah 80% of the country would
say you save those orphans what do you
talk about of course you would but 20%
would say h what kind of orphans are we
talking about are they Republicans I
don't know not so fast maybe they
deserve it now I'm just making that up
but the point is 20% of the public is
wrong about everything so if you get if
you have a topic that 80% of the public
is on the same side that's basically
everyone because the other 20% are not
thinkers or serious or understanding of
their environment in any important way
so you can ignore the last 20% as not
even real no matter what the question is
20% no you're not even you're not even
in the right conversation people so as
long as Trump's doing the thing that are
super popular you can mix in a few
things that are you know maybe 50/50s
and a couple of 40 60s and he's going to
be
golden um but the other reason that he's
popular is that people love action and
they love energy and they love it even
more when it's coming from a dominant
male figure why because we're human
we're just human if you're a guy are you
not impressed by a high energy
powerful um Alpha Male of course you are
why do we watch
football we watch football because it's
just filled with these high-powered high
energy alpha males it's what we like do
women like to uh do they they feel good
about high energy alpha males yeah yeah
who doesn't 20% 20% don't like that cuz
they don't like anything it's different
20% every time but uh the other the
other thing is besides being a high
energy and high action you know just the
pace of things is just purely impressive
and the fact that we're paying them how
much do you love the fact that we're
paying Trump well actually we're not he
I believe he's not taking a salary right
I don't remember if he said it this term
but I I think it's automatic he's not
taking it so we're not paying him per se
except for you know it costs a lot for
Secret Service Etc but we're getting a
really good value because we're getting
we're getting Elon Musk for free I mean
how how often does that happen for free
and so if you do that much stuff you've
got that much energy you got that much
action you've got that much alpha male
stuff you're working for free we're
getting we're getting a bargain we love
Bargains especially when are uncovering
all the bad things that we're paying for
but on top of all of that I think the
media brainwashing machine is
broken I think Trump broke it it took a
long time and we all had to help but
once you realize that the media is not
trying to give you the news that's
really the secret if you think well
they're trying to give you the straight
news but yeah everybody makes a mistake
if you're in that model you have no idea
what's going on
no the news is not trying to give you
the
news you know there there may be some
entities that are trying but mostly you
know your your big entities we know for
sure they're not trying to give you the
real news it's always a it's always a
narrative anyway
so here's something I love I love the
fact that calling out the brainwashing
techniques that the new is using you
know the little propaganda tricks it's
become a parlor game now compare this to
2016 in 2016 we simply thought there
were two opinions well there's the
opinion on the left and there's the
opinion on the right and they're
different yeah we understand that that's
why there's the left and the right
different opinions but over time we
learned that what we were observing
wasn't just a different of difference of
opinion what Learned
was the news isn't
real and once you realize the news isn't
real then you can start looking for the
technique and have you noticed how
delightful it is that um you know I I
would say that people like Mike
cernovich people like me have been
pointing out technique for years but
somehow collectively and other people of
course it's not just us but uh
collectively the entire right leing part
of the world has been educated on the
TRS let me give you an example so
Caitlyn Collins CNN um she said recently
quote we are three weeks into the second
Trump presidency three weeks and tonight
there are warnings that the US is
dangerously close to a constitutional
crisis there are warnings do you know
what the warnings are well according to
John
podratz um who who apparently is up to
speed on the propaganda tricks he
explains what the quote warnings are
about the Constitutional
crisis so he goes so this is how it
works the New York Times does a story in
which leftist professors say there's a
constitutional crisis and 6 hours later
CNN does a story saying there are
warnings which is technically true
because there there were War morning
right there in the New York Times but is
simply just an extension of a party
ideological line from one media
institution through another now that's a
standard trick so that first the
Democrats will plant a story with a
friendly reporter and then the rest of
the press will treat it like it must be
important and substantial because it's
in the other press well if it's in the
New York Times so watching uh John padat
uh called that out was very satisfying
to me because the more you learn to spot
this
stuff the better off we're going to be
so it's just a sign of good health that
we can call this out and laugh at it it
gets
better um and I would even go so far as
that we've gamified
it so what John was doing was just
pointing out you know how the propaganda
um architecture works but because it's
on
X and X you know will give you follows
and reposts and you know if you wanted
to you can even monetize it so there's
actually a
reward so we've literally
gamified the process of calling out the
propaganda and it's fun and not only it
fun you might get paid for it if you've
monetized your
account so related to this um saw a
story in the Wall Street Journal that uh
Steve bannon's war room and so this
would include Steve Bannon and one of
his co-hosts I don't know how many
co-hosts he has but his co-host Natalie
Winters they both keep MSNBC on all
day so MSNBC would be the opposite of
their point of
view and they keep it on all day do you
know
why they they don't really watch the
conservative media that much they just
keep MSNBC kind of locked on because
it's
hilarious it's for the jokes it's so
that you can make fun of them because
they're so ridiculous that that I keep
it on all day too now I actually I I
usually flip through and I spend a lot
of time I watch MSNBC for the laughs and
that's not a joke it's not hyperbole
once you realize that they're not even
trying to be any kind of a News Network
once you realize its only intention is
propaganda then it gets fun and we're
going to have a little fun with them in
a little bit so yeah I watch them for
the same reason just to watch how the
propaganda works and see what they're up
to and I do watch MSNBC more than
probably more than I watch conservative
media I mean I sample everything but
I'll bet I spend more time watching
MSNBC because I'm just fascinated by the
technique so
so
um Joy Reed on MSNBC uh I guess she said
today or might have been yesterday that
uh the Doge employee named big balls you
know that that was his name online at
one point Big Balls uh must be
subpoena now why does subpoena have to
have peut in it because it feels like
subpena means whatever is below your
Pina and what's below your peanut is
your big
balls I don't know is it just me and
then I look at Joy Reed with her her
short hair you know her shaved head and
I think why do you have to dress like
the thing you're criticizing do you
remember when she had Trump hair she had
a trump haircut when she was criticizing
Trump all day I thought that's weird why
would you wear the hair of the thing
you're criticizing and now she's
spending all day criticizing big balls
and she's got her hair cut really short
so she looks like you know Big Balls
left testicle you know it's just sort of
a testicle with a face on it and uh I'll
tell you I I call this whole thing
scrotum gate because scrotum is a word
you don't get to use enough any chance I
get to say scrotum in public I'm going
to take it I'm like can I say scrotum on
this podcast SC
scrotum uh yeah it's just a funny word
so scrotum gate gets better so
here's something I've noticed and I want
to see if you've noticed it
too do you notice that the people on CNN
I'm going to know just two of them in
particular Rachel mattow and Joy Reed
have one thing in common that is the
strangest thing to have in
common they don't blink their eyes at
the same time in other words each of
them has two eyes and here would be a
normal person blinking if you're
watching blink blink see both eyes
blink pretty much a normal person when
they blink both of them blink but if you
ever watched either Rachel madow or Joy
Reed when they're on camera their eyes
blink but one at a time like like
they're fighting off something it's like
and then uh Trump uh Trump is uh like a
dictator it's like
1939 Hitler
now where does that come
from like if you find somebody who
blinks separately with each
eye I wouldn't believe anything that
comes out of their
mouth because I don't even know what
causes that what causes you to
reflexively Blink separately with each
eye I don't know I'm not sure that's a
tell for mental health or lying or what
that is but I don't see it anywhere else
have you ever seen that anywhere else
and their two of their major hosts do
the same thing what's up with
that
anyway uh Ali veli one of the MSNBC
hosts um who's Canadian I didn't know
he's Canadian but he is he's Canadian
um it feels like that it feels like that
comment has more power to it than I
meant if I say it's can Ian suddenly
your brain fills up with all these
stereotypes and you're thinking oh he's
a crazy communist because oh he's he's
like
Trudeau I I hate the fact that five
years ago if you said Somebody's
Canadian you would have a you would have
just automatically thought oh excellent
I'd like to invite them over for coffee
I like Canadians Canadians are the best
but after after a few more years of
Trudeau if you hear somebody's a
Canadian you're like oh I'm sorry sorry
about that how's it feel are you okay do
you need any help anyway so Ali veli on
MSNBC uh said that uh quote blacks will
be impacted most by Trump's gutting of
the
bureaucracy now should we dig into that
no we don't give a no I'm not
saying we don't give a about Black
Americans I'm saying we don't give a
 about his
opinion and is it true that people who
are at the lowest end of the economic
situation will have some greater
impact um based on what's Happening Now
well I would say that's always the case
if there's a
war people at the low end of the
economic ladder almost always get it
worse if there's a depression who gets
it worse if there's a pandemic who gets
it worse
so it is true and we can't ignore it
that the people at the low end of the
economic ladder are going to get
everything worse whenever you make any
big
change but to be fair what Trump
promised maybe without saying it
directly is that we're going to take
some pain to cut the government down to
a sustainable level because you know
what would happen if we just kept doing
what we were doing and didn't cut
anything we would be out of business we
would be broke the country would crumble
guess who gets hurt the most when the
entire country
crumbles the people at the low end of
the economic ladder so it's to me just
looking at this is it's more msnb MSNBC
searching for their old way of business
hey I've got an idea I don't know if
anybody's thought of this before but
what if no matter what Republicans do we
branded as racist has anybody tried that
yet oh it's the only thing we've ever
tried well what if we also make up some
stuff okay okay but wait that's also
what we've been doing but what if we
have everybody agree that is
true well that's what you've been doing
okay okay but what if we ignore the bad
things that happen on the Democrat side
okay that's actually what you've been
doing
so I love their inability to
learn meanwhile there's the story that
uh you're just going to need somebody
smarter to explain the next part to you
so how many judges now have ruled
against some little thing that doge is
doing or Trump is doing is it five or
six I think there was another one today
there were five
yesterday um so you know the law fair is
just coming
wildly
now Kyle Cheney was pointing out on X
today that uh Judge Amy Burman Jackson
She's the fifth judge just yesterday
just in one day just yesterday five
judges to block some aspect of what
Trump is trying to get done with
executive
orders
and here's what they're doing they're
they're kind of blocking common
sense as long as Trump stays in that
8020 mode where he's getting rid of the
penny and people are people are saying
yeah yeah get rid of the penny he's he's
bringing back plastic straws and people
are like oh yeah plastic
straws and he's trying to end the war in
Ukraine oh yeah let's send that war he's
trying to cut the waste and fraud out of
the government oh yeah we can all agree
on that let's get rid of the Wast and
fraud so as long as he stays in that 80%
is
mode um watching Democrats try to stop
him from doing things that we all want
except for the 20% who are just bad
crazy in every
topic it's fun but in this context Elon
must just changed the his own name on
his profile and X to Harry
balls balls spelled
bz why why not why not
Harry balls
okay and then musk and others are
pointing out that Trump isn't the only
one who is considered you know ignoring
a core order if the core order didn't
seem like it was on
point um so do you remember that Biden
said when the Supreme Court blocked his
idea to pay off the student loans he
said directly Biden said the Supreme
Court tried to block me from relieving
student debt but they didn't stop me
blah blah blah I'm going to keep going
so Biden said it directly the Supreme
Court ruled against me but I'm going to
try to try to thwart their ruling by
finding some clever
workaround all right I mean I'm
open-minded to that maybe it was a
workaround I mean if it literally
doesn't go against the Supreme Court
ruling and yet defeats the you know
let's say the intent of of it that might
be
legal so I'm no expert I don't know but
it's sketchy and seems it seems
inappropriate I mean why would you try
to get around a Supreme Court ruling
that just feels like the wrong move if
you're the leader of the
country
um but here's a uh Laura lumer scoop uh
Laura lumer is the best at coming up
with did he know that
somebody's uh daughter is working for
somebody else you the connections the
The Who's involved connections she's
really good at that so her scoop today
is that Judge John McConnell so that's a
federal judge from Rhode Island who
ordered uh Trump and Doge to unfreeze
billions of dollars in federal grants
that you know were things that Doge was
trying to stop and did you know that
this judge according to Laura
lummer um as a daughter who who
currently works at the US Department of
Education as a senior policy
adviser so the judge who doesn't want
things such as for example the
Department of Education to
be closed has a daughter who's got a job
there now I think Elon Musk mentioned
that it might be a fake job does this
sound like a real job being a senior
policy adviser as at the US Department
of
Education not really it doesn't really
sound like a real job to me because
don't you think you could get pretty
good advice just by asking around like
why would you even pay for that how much
how much is the daughter getting paid to
give
advice to an entity that's never made a
difference in anybody's lives at least
in terms of the test scores hasn't
approved the test scores so kind of good
to know the network of connections I I
love the fact that everything that's
going on now with doge is revealing the
networks so now you can see who's
connected you can see all the Bad actors
because they all have to come out
because they the only ones that are
going to fight to protect the corruption
like who else is going to argue in
public in public who else is going to
argue in public to keep the
corruption only the benefactors like
nobody else is going to make that
argument that would be crazy unless
they're
blackmailers
so here's some more Cuts made by Doge
apparently there was something called
the Norwegian Refugee
Council there's a Norwegian Refugee
Council and they they've announced uh
that they're suspending their activities
in almost 20 countries huh the Norwegian
Refugee Council was working in 20
countries due to the US
Aid uh free imposed by
Trump so us a was paying the Norwegian
Refugee Council to operate in 20
countries these sound like jokes don't
they doesn't it sound like I just made
that up the Norwegian Refugee Council
had to close
down well it gets worse um you now that
the Norwegian Refugee council is closed
um I feel like doge is going to go after
next maybe the Swedish dingleberry
Freedom
Council
because if the Swedish dingleberry
Freedom Council doesn't get their us a
funding how can they continue to bring
their dingleberry message to all the
other
countries can you tell which one I made
up which one's not real the Norwegian
Refugee Council or the Swedish
dingleberry Freedom Council which one
did I just make up it's called satire
folks satire and if you were here at the
beginning you know that satire is far
more damaging than regular boring
criticisms that you'll see on other
podcasts no
satire boom bringing it
home well the JFK files May uh may be
fun apparently there were 2400
undisclosed records that have now been
disclosed uh at least disclosed that
they exist they're not disclosed in
terms of their contents but we expect it
might be
coming so anybody want to place any bets
on what we learned about the JFK
assassination I'm going to put my money
on
nothing nothing we're not going to learn
anything do you believe that the
government of the United
States may have been involved in
assassinating a president and they left
a memo about
it there was a memo oh uh let's let's
find the recordings where they were
planning it no there there couldn't I'm
this is just a prediction now I could be
wrong which would be really fun I would
love to be wrong I'd love to be wrong
about this and about
UFOs but I don't think there's any
chance we're going to learn some
shocking new thing about who killed
Kennedy we might learn some shocking new
things about how the government operates
but I don't know if we're going to find
out from the files who kill them and if
we did would you trust it suppose deep
down in the files somewhere it said oh
we found out that it was Russia all
along would you believe that I wouldn't
if it said you know we didn't want to
tell the country but it was really China
China was behind it
would you believe that I wouldn't
suppose they said it was Israel Israel
was behind it well that would be
convenient because people would be you
know sort of primed to believe that
because that's one of the conspiracy
theories you hear the most but would you
believe it I might say to myself well
that's
convenient kind of convenient to blame
it on another country if you happen to
be the ones that did it wouldn't it be
nice have some other country to blame so
even if it were true I wouldn't believe
it because I saw it in a memo that's
been buried for 60 years or whatever so
how could we possibly learn anything
that would be both
believable and
new I'm going to say nothing's I think
nothing's coming I really do just
nothing but uh it'll be
fun uh meanwhile
there's a report that Trump may have
dispatched his uh special Envoy Steve
witkoff to Moscow that's based on um
looking at
some some uh jet action I guess there's
a jet that he is known to be sometimes
on and maybe he's on it and it's heading
to
Moscow so we'll wait for that I would
expect that um Trump and Putin through
their maybe through intermediaries maybe
not
probably are well Along on
negotiating I'll I'll bet they're
halfway there at least and I think both
of them you know want to find a solution
but uh we'll talk more about Ukraine in
a minute
meanwhile uh apparently the Trump
Department of Justice is dropping the
charges um or recommending dropping them
which looks like it's going to work uh
dropping charges against Eric Adams
mayor of New York no
relation um so he was accused of taking
illegal campaign contributions from
turkey and accepting $100,000 in travel
and hotel perks in exchange for official
acts now the things we know are that
turkey asked them when their building
would be ready and he asked the fire
department when's that building going to
be ready now is that more than he would
have
done for any other constituent
I hope not that should be exactly what
he would do for every constituent if
somebody has a big expensive building
and they can't move into it in New York
City and there's a bureaucratic
delay is that not appropriate to talk to
the mayor's office and say hey mayor's
office is there somebody you could talk
to to get this going because we'd like
to bring a whole bunch of people in
they're going to eat lunch they're going
to spend money in your city of course
you should make that phone call
of course he should and
then later when he's
traveling the the accusation is he got
some of his travel uh upgraded you know
maybe a better hotel room uh maybe you
know better uh a better seed on the
plane is that a
crime well what do you think happens to
public dignitaries no matter when they
travel what do you think that somebody
like mayor Adams wouldn't get automatic
upgrades no matter what he was doing and
the fact that it happens in the context
of somebody being happy with him doing
his job as the mayor exactly the job a
mayor should do make sure the
bureaucracy is not stopping the
economy this is pretty weak stuff it
looks like lawfare and it happened very
quickly after mayor Adams became a
Critic of Biden's immigration policy
because he would be a really power ful
voice because he's a you know he's a
Democrat running the biggest city that's
the most impacted it seemed like and he
was dangerous dangerous to the Biden
administration because he was being
honest about a real
problem so in uh in I guess dropping the
charges I I think it's official by now
that they've dropped him
um the Trump Administration would be
signaling that he was a victim of
lawfare and in their in their
communication they basically say that
it's a little too sketchy that these
weak charges came right after he became
a Critic of immigration it's a little
too coincidental
now uh apparently he could still be
charged in the future but at the moment
it looks like he'll at least have
freedom to run for reelection if that's
what he wants to do now how smart is it
for I assume that Trump was sort of
behind it you know even if he didn't say
it directly you know maybe the
Department of Justice would be able to
read the room and do it but how smart is
it from Trump's perspective that this is
happening it's perfect because Trump has
made the point that the charges against
him were
lawfare what could make that point
better than letting a prominent Democrat
a prominent Democrat
Escape help him escape from his lawfare
problems too and both of them being
anti-immigration the way it's being done
or it wasn't being done it looks like
the same play it looks like lawfare was
used against them because immigration
was more important to the
administration but it gets better
because he also uh signed an
unconditional pardon for former Illinois
governor Rob
bovich now I don't know too much about
the bogovich story some people say he
was set up some people you know
obviously there are going to be two
sides to the story but it also
reinforces the idea that lawfare is
being used against prominent
politicians so now Trump has created a
three-point argument look what they did
to me look what they did to somebody on
their own team just for disagreeing on
one OB on just one topic just one topic
immigration that's it and then look what
they did in the past to uh
bovich that really that really
solidifies that lawfare argument when
you can show three
points and then and then in the context
of it we're watching all these um in my
opinion corrupt judges they they act
like they're corrupt I don't have proof
of that they just act as corrupt people
in in the if you're just looking at the
outcome of what they're doing you got to
just shake your head and say that
doesn't look that doesn't look
appropriate you don't have to be any
kind of lawyer to know that what the
judges are doing looks like a form of
lawfare right so not only is he made his
lawfare argument about things that have
happened in the past but it's right in
the middle of a whole lawfare campaign
against them in office it's very very
clever that they're making a big deal
about these two cases of lawfare very
well done I'll tell you uh no matter how
many times I say this it's worth saying
again the Trump Administration has
really good
advisors but I like to tell you in every
case the boss gets all the credit
because the boss has to pick the
advisers and then the boss has to decide
which advice to follow which is I would
argue the hard part so Trump gets all
the credit but I would be remiss if I
didn't say my God he's getting good
advice um musk said today on X that uh
I'm paraphrasing but he basically said
all the smart people are you know are
joining the Trump side of things and I
think that's true I believe everybody
smart is now drifting to his side
everybody smart and if you see somebody
who has a high
IQ but they're not they're still
resisting they're either getting paid
you know it's just part of their work
and I can name lots of people who are
clearly getting paid for the resistance
or they have TDS and it's literally a
mental problem but if the people who
don't have a mental problem and don't
have an economic stake in being a
Critic they pretty much all the Smart
Ones have come to the same side you want
a good example of
that Sam
mman says that Biden just just recently
Sam mman just said that the Biden
Administration was sort of anti-
business and he was happy to see him go
and that the Trump Administration is
like a breath of fresh air for business
and that everybody in the valley feels
it Sam Alman no matter what else what
other problems you have about him and
we'll talk a little more about that but
whatever else you want to say everybody
agrees he's smart and he doesn't seem to
be crazy right and nobody's paying him
to be a Biden
supporter everybody smart is on the same
side unless they have mental illness or
they're being paid we really are at that
point where I don't think there's an
exception that the the
reflexive people like Larry Summers and
like that I don't take them seriously
because they're they're sort of deeply
in the game but the people were not in
the
game all the Smart Ones are on the same
side if you can find in if you can find
it an exception let me know I don't know
of
any there are people re quiet but that's
different anyway uh As Trump just
pointed out California just finished
counting the votes for
2024 uh what what that's right remember
the 2024 election
it seems like it was years ago because
we're we're moving at Trump speed at the
moment California just just finished
counting now they had declared the
winners before because it I guess they
were sure it wouldn't change the result
but there were still
counting
what all right so let me let me show a
contrast between what made sense in 2020
and what makes sense today do you
remember 2020 it was so long ago in 2020
if you questioned an American election
result you would be considered to be an
election
denier uh and possibly an
insurrectionist so you might have been a
Russian
stooge or some kind of a traitor but at
the very at the very least you're an
election
Den election
deniers my God just just even having
that opinion that our Immaculate
election systems could be in any way
compromised what kind of a fool what
kind of a insurrectionist dangerous
Russian puppet fool are you or that's
2020 you want to fast forward to 2025
with
me
2025 here's what that argument looks
like
today so after learning as we have all
learned because we're following Doge Etc
so after learning that nearly every
government agency is corrupt is that
fair am I going too far so far that
we've learned that nearly and maybe it's
everyone but we could say for sure
nearly every government organization is
corrupt and fundamentally not just a
little bit fundamentally I mean FEMA is
sending money for the
uh immigration and then lying about it
apparently the people involved in that
are getting fired today thank you so
once you've learned that every major
agency in the government from you know
Congress and then also outside the
government you got your healthc care God
knows what uh by the way did you see the
the uh study there was a study of 52 of
the most uh Landmark studies cancer
Landmark studies meaning that everybody
would look at these group of 52 studies
and say these are the ones that are you
know credible and they will inform how
we treat cancer 52 of them so somebody
tried to reproduce them how many of the
52 Landmark healthc care studies do you
think were
reproducible
11% 89% were not real
in the sense that they couldn't be
reproduced
89% that was driving our cancer
decisions for years if not decades might
have been
decades now that's Health Care Health
Care is something you would expect would
be the most free from that kind of
effect but in fact it's completely
Merida in it what about our you know
what about Finance what you know I could
go on and on right everything looks
corrupt so in 2025 after learning that
nearly every agent government agency and
really every big entity everywhere is
mostly
corrupt believing that our elections are
the one fair thing in that environment
makes you a idiot so let me say
it again if you think our elections are
not
rigged you're a
idiot in 2020
maybe it was a jump ball you know maybe
you had an argument but the argument
against it was seemingly winning in the
public domain but let me say it again if
you still think that everything in the
country is
corrupt except our election
systems you're a idiot you're a
idiot now that doesn't mean it is
corrupt it just means if you believe it
like it's a fact you're a idiot
now do I have proof that it's uh corrupt
of course not that's not how anything
Works do you know I didn't have proof
that USA was corrupt until five minutes
ago I didn't have I didn't have proof
that Fimo was giving American money to
uh immigrants until five minutes
ago right so if today knowing that in
fact yesterday yesterday I did know that
89% of cancer studies were fake
yesterday I didn't know that yesterday
well that's a lie I didn't know that
actually I did know that but I knew that
you didn't know
it I've done a deeper dive than I've
talked about so far yeah I knew that
they were fake or most of them I already
knew that
but but most people didn't so today in
this context when you're watching your
president be lawf fared by corrupt judg
Judes do you remember when you thought
well at least the judges you know in
this country our judges are usually
pretty fair no they're not no the judges
are so corrupt that they're literally
shutting down the country over politics
and trying to make it look like there's
a law no everything is corrupt the
judges the health care the finance the
government the Congress blah blah blah
blah blah us Aid blah blah blah blah
blah agencies blah blah blah the
treasury
the treasury wasn't even looking at the
things they were spending money on the
the Social Security System didn't check
multiple entries using the same social
security number the most basic thing you
would check if you were trying to
check our systems are designed so you
can be corrupt they're designed to be
corrupt and it's obvious from the design
nobody would build an election system
like ours from scratch
if what they were trying to do is have a
credible accurate system nobody would
build this
one not even
close so yeah if you think that there's
no chance that our elections are rigged
you're a idiot you're just a
 idiot there's there's just no
way around that at this point don't get
me started on climate
Models All right so if our elections are
rigged somebody who's an NPC is going to
say Scot Scott if you say the elections
are rigged watch me use satire here
satire coming in
hard oh Scott oh if if you say the
elections are rigged how do you explain
that Trump won in 2016 and then how do
you explain that he won again in
2024 Scott explain that explain that
okay too big to rig in 2016 the poll
said he was definitely going to lose no
rigging necessary surprise
the shy Trump
supporters pulled it over the Finish
Line in
2024 it literally was too big to rig it
was just too big and we were watching
too closely we knew exactly where to
watch The Observers were
everywhere that might have been the
closest thing to an accurate election
we've had but of course I assume there
was a little bit of rigging going
on so yes you can win if you overwhelm
the system so the way Trump overwhelmed
the system with votes is the way he's
overwhelming the fake media with so many
stories that the media can't keep up so
overwhelming is a strategy and it works
against corruption because corruption is
a little slow and he can just overwhelm
the
corruption all right in other news just
because Elon Musk uh apparently isn't
busy enough he's
he's making a bid for open AI so he put
together some U investors and together
they're making a bid to buy open AI for
97.4 billion now this gets a little
complicated you you might know that open
AI was originally funded by musk and he
even named it open AI because his
intention was to make it a um publicly
available open source kind of AI the to
benefit the
world at some point Sam Alman and
whoever else was aboard decided to um
turn it into a
for-profit and team up with Microsoft
and Etc but they have not completed the
transition from the um the
nonprofit to the profit model and
apparently that is being valued at
around $40 billion or something so while
they're trying to work out the
complexity and you know getting
everybody happy with the fact that they
could change from a nonprofit to a
profit which again is a little Technical
and it's hard for me to explain the the
ins and outs of that but during that
period where they're trying to make that
decision incomes a
bid that would value at at way more than
40 billion like almost well more than
double so more than
now if you're at the board of directors
of open
Ai and you've got one offer for 40
billion it's that Microsoft Sam Alman
idea and then suddenly there's another
one that comes in for more than twice as
much does the board have an obligation
well they do have an obligation to stop
what they're doing and consider it so
considering it I think is built into
being on the board I don't think they
have a chance I don't think they have a
choice of not at least voting on it and
internally considering it because that's
what a board's supposed to do so
now either alman's deal will have the
problem of trying to decide why don't
why doesn't Microsoft have to pay 97
billion you know why why would their
investors I don't know if it's all from
Microsoft but why would the investors in
one way be paying 40 billion when
there's somebody else who's going to pay
more than twice that so it complicates
things and it's not clear what the
entire goal is because musk has already
created a whole competing AI that has
the best data centers at least which
gives you some thought that it might be
the best AI at one point so why would he
do this well some of it might be
personal I don't know but he's got other
investors involved which suggests that
it at least makes sense for from a
business perspective otherwise the
others wouldn't be involved I think
so this got really interesting now some
of it looks personal because the way
Alman and musk talk about each other is
clearly personal and um musk calls Alman
a liar and Alman says that musk must
have some I don't know some some
problems from his childhood he's trying
to work through so they both have this
unflattering view of the other and it
makes me wonder how much is personal but
at the very least it's going to slow
down open
AI so musk is a competitor with his own
Ai and he's just threw this big turd in
the punch bowl so now they got to figure
out what to do with the punch bowl which
should slow them down a little bit and
maybe maybe that's the second way to win
maybe one way to win is to buy
it and the second way to win is to slow
it
down and the and along with slowing it
down it might make it too expensive for
their investors to get involved and
might cause a whole fight over there so
it could be that he's just causing some
trouble for a competitor but I would
think that he wouldn't do that
alone meaning that it probably makes
sense from a business perspective that
if they said yes and sold it he could
probably make something of that pretty
quickly all right
maybe 97 billion is worth it just to get
their technical
staff you know you remember silicon
value used to buy companies and then get
rid of the product of the company and
just keep the engineers because it was
the cheapest way to buy Engineers that
were the best Engineers so maybe the
cheapest way to buy the best AI people
is that you just overpay for the the
entire company and then you get the
engineers I don't know uh except I I
don't know if the engineers are working
for the
nonprofit I'm not I'm not exactly sure
how the structure is right now so I
can't get too much deeper anyway um
thing I love about Doge as I mentioned
is it reveals the whole network of the
the the most corrupt people in the
government and so here are the names
that are fighting the hardest to stop
the reduction of
waste can you imagine being forced to be
on the team that's favoring corruption
and
waste cuz that's I I think the entire
public understands that that doge is
getting rid of waste and Corruption now
the the other team might have a whole
different Narrative of oh uh musk is
really trying to get power for himself
and he's uh he's really trying to make a
profits so he's attacking the people who
would be a problem from him in the
government blah blah blah but I think
most
Americans see Doge coming out every day
and saying look we just saved you
another 10 billion just saved you
another 100 billion whoops do you really
want to be funding the Swedish
dingleberry team no we don't well saved
you another billion so it seems like
that's such a strong story and everybody
is just
normally we're we're all against
corruption there there's no Pro
corruption except the ones who are
benefiting from it so when you see these
characters you know that they are the
worst of the worst the ones who are on
the pro corruption side of things so
here's the people we see the most
Schumer Adam Schiff duh J Elizabeth
Warren duh uh Jamie
Rasin
um now Goldman and Maxine Waters join uh
of course
now that's really a good indication if I
told you that these same people were on
the same side of any topic what would
you
say why why would Schumer shift waren
Rasin and uh Goldman and Waters be on
the same
side only when it's
corrupt you you wouldn't be able to
bring together this group of people
except for corruption to protect it so
this would be a group that would favor
that would argue in favor of let's say
the the 51 Intel people and the laptop
this would be the same group that would
tell you Russia collusion was real it's
the same group that tells you that
January 6 was an
Insurrection it's always the same group
so once you realize that when this group
of
uh to me it looks like it they're
obviously corrupt but you can you can
draw your own conclusions but when you
see this cast the
characters they're not really
trying to to be useful and helpful and
honest they don't do that these are the
designated
Liars the people who the worst people
who will tell any lie and they'll tell
it in public even if they get debunked
they'll just keep telling it so they're
the most
Shameless people and when you see them
you can know that whatever they're
pushing is
BS well Trump has warned
Hamas that the releasing of the
prisoners which had been already agreed
not all of them but some subset um it
looked like Hamas was dragging their
feet and they were asking for some more
demands or they're complaining about
Israel in some way so that's being
slowed down uh Trump has warned that
unless Hamas frees all the hostages held
in Gaza by Saturday and when he says all
the hostages I think he means not just
the ones that we agreed to release I
think he means all the hostages he says
uh unless they're all freed by
Saturday
um that uh quote as far as I'm concerned
if all the hostages aren't returned by
Saturday at 12:00 I think it's an
appropriate time you know he just sort
of randomly picks it I would say cancel
it cancel the deal that they have and
all bets are off and let let hell break
out
now this is what I love the most about
Trump when he
threatens somebody he's not bluffing so
they have to deal with the fact that
it's not a bluff but he also didn't say
exactly what he would
do and I would argue that what he's
doing is making it easy for Israel and
the United States to never repopulate
Gaza so so by not accepting this you
know weak trickling little agreement and
just putting the the onus back on them
completely it's like all right either
release them all or all bets are off all
bets are off means you're never going
back to Gaza now that's what I think
they want anyway I think that's what
Israel and probably Trump want is that
the you know the Hamas part of the
gazin which you can't really separate
from the rest of the gsin
uh at least not effectively it'd be hard
to know um they're just not going back
so I think the idea that that they will
ever resettle Gaza is kind of settled
and if Satur by Saturday at 12:00 all
the um hostages are not back that's the
end of any chance that Gaza will be
resettled by the original um or at least
the recent residence I think this is his
yes no switch I think the yes no switch
is do you want to have any chance just
any chance of going back to Gaza you
have until Saturday at 12 to decide if
we don't have if we don't have all the
hostages back that's dead
forever it will never be an option
forever it will be done now Trump has
already said that they're not going back
but the way he says it is we're you know
it would take so long to clean it up you
don't want to to wait 10 years to go
back rather they should have nice homes
a nice place to live more immediately
and so he's saying if they're already in
Better Homes 10 years from now why would
they leave because they'll be in a
better place and they might be there in
a year as opposed to 10 years so that's
a good argument where you know it's a
carrot and a stick so the carrot is hey
how about we put you in nice places
fairly quickly the stick is if we don't
get all the hostages back by
you get nothing and maybe that includes
not building nice houses
now
so here's what
uh um here's what I think is going
on I think the only way that the Gaza
resident situation can be solved is if
it gets reframed as a mental health
problem if you took a a whole bunch of
people and you put them in Gaza and you
brainwash them for years that they're
victims and they've got to go kill other
people to make up for it would you not
be giving them PTSD and mental health
problems so even if they were born with
normal brains if you just put them in
one area and propagandize them and you
threaten them and you make them live in
this bad situation and you you just
carpet bomb with ideas about it's the
Jews it's the Jews Israel is the problem
uh would they not have mental health
PTSD like genuine mental health problems
like actual health problems I say yes
but we're not allowed to say that
because that would be sort of insulting
and dismissive of thousands of years of
Palestinian
history but it's also true it's a mental
health problem and you can't solve a
mental health problem with a house which
is what we're trying to do how about we
give you a house uh I have PTSD but what
about a nice house still have PTSD I
still have mental health problems but
what if it's a nice house in another
country no how about a nice house sooner
than it could have happened no no the
house is not the problem your house is
not going to fix my brain my brain is
full of hate and PTSD and it's it it was
PTSD before Gaza was attacked before
October 7th it was PTSD imagine what it
is now so here's the
way I think you have to take a page from
I hate to say
it
China they treat the Wagers like they're
a virus I don't like that part because I
don't like treating people like they're
you know just carriers of a
virus but
it is the only thing that China thinks
they can do because if they let Islam
grow within China it's not a compatible
system so I'm not defending it because
I'd love the the Wagers to have a good
life I'm just describing it so China has
this you you could say evil and cruel
approach to it but they don't have a
better idea that's the problem what's
the better idea just let them spread
Islam and have a problem down the road
that's not a good idea so what could you
do to reframe it as a mental health
problem well you could start by saying
we'd love to resettle some Palestinians
back in the Gaza one it once it's
rebuilt but it's going to take 10 years
and during that 10 years if anybody
wants free mental health um counseling
will provide it and if in the course of
that mental health counseling we
determine that we've cured you and you
can see the full picture now you could
see that sometimes Israel did some
things you don't like and maybe they
really did but sometimes Hamas did some
things you don't like and maybe they
really did and maybe everything's broken
and maybe it's not your fault and maybe
you don't need to go fix it maybe you're
a victim of the brainwashing Etc so the
question would be if you had hypnotists
and therapists and you said here's the
doorway to resettle where you wanted to
live you've got to get through the
therapists and the mental health
professionals and they have to certify
that you're mentally healthy enough to
live among a diverse group of people if
you can't live in a diverse group of
people and it's because your just brain
won't let you you're not ready so you're
going to have to stay with all the other
people have the same problem because
you're dangerous on the outside the the
reason we have mental institutions is
because some well or we used to is
because some people are just too
dangerous to be on the street now do we
say that those people are the bad guys
not really I mean if you're fair about
it somebody with somebody who has
extreme mental illness if they're acting
in a way you don't like it's hard for me
to say it's their fault except that the
legal system has to you know hold them
responsible to some degree
but if we treat the the refugees from
Gaza as people who have been mentally
damaged by their Keepers you know by
Hamas then you can treat them with
compassion and you can give them a
pathway to join the diverse real world
but you also have now a perfectly good
system for preventing the worst of them
from ever
leaving whatever area that they're
contained in and that might be the only
way to solve it is it um fair and does
it show empathy for real human beings it
does if you treat it like a mental
problem it does now the trick would be
that you don't want to like convert them
to another
religion a little too far but you might
have to put some D in what they believe
about their current extreme version of
the religion and you might need to bring
in you know train persuaders who are
Islamic you know one ones who don't want
war with anybody and have made it work
to make peace and let the
Islamic hypnotists and the Islamic uh
therapists if there are any I assume
there are um let them do the work and
let them try to save the people that
they can save but as long as you treat
it as a military problem or or a
security problem nobody's going home and
nobody's going to be happy and there's
no path but if you treat it as a mental
problem
maybe maybe some of them can be
saved all
right um according to Tucker Carlson on
his podcast he says that he knows for
sure and he's not guessing that this is
a fact that Ukraine's military is
selling up to half of us arms to cartels
and other bad
players
half
half does that sound real Tucker says
and he he wants us he wants to be really
clear he's not speculating he says he
knows it like he's talked to the people
involved yeah I know
it well his contacts are a lot better
than mine so if he says that I don't
think he's lying now obviously anybody
could be wrong
but it doesn't sound like he's lying it
sounds like he has some source that he
trusts doesn't mean you should trust it
but he has a source he trusts that told
them maybe more than
one so yeah that's
bad um I'm trying to remember the name
of the individual can you put it in the
comments I didn't know how to look him
up just before I got on there's a
uh a exia
person who has a book out and he's been
on a lot of podcasts he's all over
social media and he's kind of outing
some of the practices of the
CIA um can you put his name in the
comments because some of you know who he
is uh so he's got glasses he's been on a
whole bunch of shows I think he's been
on Sean Ryan Show and he's he's been on
Tucker show and a bunch of others so
give me that
name all I thought I'd see it by now if
I see it Go by I'll say his
name no it's not not bucks it's not Mike
Ben no it's not one of our regular
players it's somebody who's new so it
no really are you not watching the
same uh it's not bement but that was a
good guess because he's also
xcia really
how how do you not know the name of this
guy he's all over social media not one
of you knows the
name huh that yeah all all the names
you're telling me are names that we all
know right if it's a name that that we
all know it's the wrong name we know
Scott Ritter we know we know Mike Ben
it's not him it's not Ian
Carol how did
n I don't know is it
elzando all right I'm blown
away
huh weird okay well anyway I'll if I
find that I'll tweet it or something but
he had a story about going to
Afghanistan when he was in the CIA and
um he went to an area that used to be
probably used to be a food creation
place but it was all poppy
fields and
boy we we don't we don't follow
directions too
well I I say it's not a name that's one
of the common ones and and the
suggestion is Dan banino no it's not Dan
banino stop
guessing stop it stop it anyway so
whoever it is I apologize for not
writing down your name but uh you went
to Afghanistan so the fields of poppies
and then they asked what's going on they
used to be a net exporter of food but
now Afghanistan is just growing these
poppies and he was told now this is just
his
report that the reason that um the US is
totally happy that Afghanistan is
growing gigantic fields of poppies which
turns into obviously uh
opioids is because almost all of it is
shipped to Iran and Russia and that the
reason we do it is to weaken their
society now I don't know if that's
true
[Music]
um somebody's saying John
kiraa now that at least fits the
description of a name that you're not
already all familiar
with is that right I'm not sure if it's
him
right maybe it's it might be
kiraa if I'm saying it
right anyway do you do you believe that
version of it do you believe that the
US is encourage there he is what's his
name
yeah so here's what he looks
like so here's the individual I'm
talking
about I'm hearing his name is on
kirawa all right I I think we're getting
close anyway I apologize to you John I
I'll get your name right so do you
believe that do you believe that the US
is literally trying to destroy the
social fabric of Russia and Iran by
making sure that Afghanistan is sending
unlimited amounts of opioids to
them I don't know I'm going to put a I'm
going to put a pin in that one and say
uh an xcia
guy I'm not going to automatically I'm
not going to automatically believe the
person whose job was professional liar
if your job has ever been professional
liar that's what CIA is right you know
yeah you have to put a pin in and say h
I'll need a little more a little more
verification you know not quite
there but that's a scary
one um apparently the NOAA the National
Oceanic
atmospheric Association all right so
they're the ones who were who are our
main agency um for climate change and
weather and stuff and I guess uh Trump
wants to cut their budget and maybe
reduce their staff from 12,000 to 6,000
now you know what I'm going to
say so if all of our climate change
policies are driven by climate
models wouldn't it be weird if we could
go years and years and
years and I at least I who watch the
news and podcast all the time I've never
seen anybody who is involved in making a
climate model who who has asked
questions about how you do it and how
reliable is it and is your data good and
what assumptions do you put into that
doesn't that seem weird let me say it
again the climate
models are driving trillions of dollars
of expense and they're very
controversial in the sense of you know
are they real or are they not real and
yet there's no news
entity no podcast which has ever had on
say okay you make models yours is one of
the famous ones um tell us what
assumptions went into it how many
variables are involved have you ever had
to update it if you modified it why did
you think it was right
before if if it was right before but
then you added some new assumptions and
now you say it's right well you were
just as confident before before you
adjusted it so how can you be sure
you're right
just think about all the questions that
I would
ask yeah we're we're getting a
confirmation it's John
kiraka
KIRO so sorry
John anyway so as long as the dog is not
barking and the dog is no climate model
creators are ever on TV or are ever ask
the question and they are the most
important
people behind trillions of dollars of
expense so instead we talk to the
politicians do you know what the
politicians say why would you ask me
that question you science denier and
we're done
here you tell me can you come up with
any reason that for
years the news ignores the people who
make the climate
models like there's not one of them who
can talk in public to defend trillions
of dollars of policy
that's the biggest dog that's ever not
barked and and how many of you didn't
notice we act like whoever makes the
models that must be good and you know
those must be accurate now now let's
talk to the politicians no you're making
me think past the sale if I'm talking to
the
politician I've already accepted that
maybe the science was
right but if you haven't accepted that
the science is right the climate model
part not the science in general but just
the climate
models you need to go back to that let's
find out if the models are right and
then we'll talk to the politicians but
you got to do the models
first nobody will do
that well Trump signed some order
according to
CNBC uh that's going to pause
enforcement of for of the foreign
bribery ban so the United States made it
illegal to bribe other countries for
business reasons
uh even though the government itself
bribes other countries to do coups all
the time but it was illegal for
Americans to do it but not so illegal
for other company countries to do it so
what would be the common sense way to
handle that okay Common Sense uh all the
other countries we're competing with are
bribing bribing is how you get anything
done in some countries too many of them
really um we will be a week back country
if our economy fails and the only way to
compete is by Bri bribing people in
other
countries what would be the common sense
way to handle
that to allow bribing in other countries
now I'm going to add one
wrinkle I think it should be completely
legal for big companies to literally
bribe but I would want them to have to
reveal it to at least our
intelligence um
operatives so you know you could say
well there's a chance of leaking but I
don't think it's a big risk because it'd
be legal you know you'd be le you'd be
leaking that somebody did something
that's completely legal but I don't
think we want to publicize
it I just think it needs to be
revealed so there should be some I'm
going to call it half transparency
meaning that we guarantee that somebody
who's you know important in the
government government knows what's
happening so maybe it's not the
intelligence people maybe it's um
Congress you know maybe there needs to
be an updated list of all the bribes so
if you're if you've got the right let's
say security clearance and you just ask
for it maybe it's an a skiff or
something you could see oh this company
bribed this thing this company bribed
that now I think we live in a world
where and this is speculation so I'll
take a I'll take a better opinion on
this if somebody has one I think it was
necessary for America to Strongarm other
countries for the past 100 years because
it was the only way to control them but
we might have reached the point where it
just makes more sense to bribe the
people we need to bribe and not run a
coup because the coups have all kinds of
you know hidden costs but what if you
just bribe people to get into the
country and stay there and make some
money if if we're at a point where
bribing makes more sense than organiz a
a coup then we should get rid of this
this prohibition about
bribing all right
um so apparently according to the
guardian there was this USF funded
social network so meaning a fake Social
Network of people who are attacking the
critics of
pesticides which would include RFK
Jr and so apparently they had some kind
of private website where they would give
the information of all the critics of
pesticides so that you could better
attack the
critics of
pesticides that's
right
pesticides are quite
popular um I don't know what is uh or is
not healthy about pesticides but I can
tell you that when I stopped eating all
processed food and wheat sure felt
better all right so apparently that was
at least part financed by US taxpayer
dollars did you know that you were
financing a fake network of people to go
after
critics of our poison food
supply you were paying for somebody to
criticize RFK Jr and other people like
me because I'm a I'm also a Critic of
the pesticides
so can I go back to my earlier
point if you believe in
2025 that our elections are not rigged
you're a idiot everything's
rigged nothing's real black lives matter
totally
artificial January 6
Charlottesville fake news fake yeah the
elections are the only thing that are
real
sure but at least we're smarter in 2025
and that ladies and gentlemen is what I
want to talk about today uh I can feel
the uh heavy equipment outside my window
I hope you can't hear that but I'm going
to say hi to the uh locals people the
subscribers and uh subscribe to Dilbert
if you want to see Dilbert joining the
Doge project he joins Doge today uh
he'll only only be doing that for this
week um because he has to get back to
his right life all right people on X and
YouTube and Rumble thanks for joining
hope to see you tomorrow same time same
place and locals coming
at
e
e
e e