bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
hey everybody come on in here it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams possibly the
best part of your day I don't like to
ruin the rest of your day
but this might be the best part because
it involves coffee or your favorite
beverage it involves the simultaneous
sip it involves all of you what could be
better now if you would grab your cup
your mug your stein your chalice your
thermos if you will
I hope it's filled with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me for the
simultaneous sip oh good stuff so how
many of you saw the President's speech
at CPAC I did not watch all of it but I
saw lots of clips I saw the good parts
and then I saw what people said about it
predictably the people who do not like
the president said well that's a wild
disjointed crazy thing that means
nothing and and the people who'd like
the President and even the people who
were sort of in the middle said to
themselves oh I think I just see the
future you know what the future looks
like the future looks like that guy you
saw is CPAC the one hogging the American
flag the one doing two hours of
impeccable stand-up riffing for two
hours on all of his greatest hits
you know owning the audience capturing
the headlines bringing energy humor
vision you know introduces his new idea
for limiting funding to colleges based
on whether they support free speech can
you believe this president
is going to be running for re-election
on a platform of free speech just think
about that just just for a moment
because the news just sort of mentions
it moves on but just think of the
enormity of that he's running on a
platform of free speech oh my god now
who would have thought that was even
going to be an opportunity well who
would have imagined that running for
president on a platform of freedom of
speech would even be a thing that it
would even be necessary so we don't know
yet what the president has in mind for
his executive order but just the fact
that he's talking about it is
politically insanely good
you know powerful and also useful it's
what you know people always tell me that
these they're afraid of this slippery
slope you know the slippery slope if
things start going in one direction
they're just gonna keep going and I
always say the same thing the slippery
slope is an illusion because everything
in reality goes until there's a reason
for it to stop
and if there is no reason for it to stop
one always presents itself because
people don't like things going forever
in the same direction if it's setting in
a bad direction so you just watched the
slippery slope go pump
I think the slippery slope just had a
brick wall
did it not because you were thinking to
yourself man this is a slippery slope
you know they're banning a conservative
okay you know maybe that conservative
you can understand because they were
they were not just being conservative
they were being outrageous in a way that
that even you know everybody might be a
little offended by and then you say well
that was just that one person though and
then there's another one you say - oh my
god well but it was just - when they
were both pretty outrageous
then there's another one and then
there's another one and suddenly you say
to be yourself I think there's a
slippery slope it feels like free speech
is actually like literally under attack
and then something changes the slippery
slope is not a real thing it is
absolutely an illusion which is an
illusion because we're afraid that it's
real if we are not afraid that it was
real we might not act but you see the
president acting so that slippery slope
just came to a screeching end not you
know it didn't fix all the issues of
free speech you know certainly one to
one the way we treat each other is still
a big problem if you can't wear a
t-shirt in public because as an
unpopular slogan on it that's a problem
but this college censorship thing was a
bigger one even more more central to
free speech if you will and it looks
like the slippery slope just stopped as
it always does there's always a
competing force that rises up let me
give you another example you you know
that there were platforms that have been
defunding conservatives and you say to
yourself my god if they keep you know
not defunding but well also defunding
but if they keep deep platforming
conservatives the slippery slope it'll
get worse and worse then patreon started
dropping people for things they had done
not even on the platform so is that a
slippery slope in which conservatives
will all be D platformed and cannot get
the funding for what they're doing well
it would be except forces jump up to
stop the slippery slope as luck would
have it and this is completely
coincidental but my company is app just
released a replacement for patreon so
patreon decided in order to this
dabbe conservatives in the back and it
looked like that stabbing was just gonna
go on forever but the way the world
works is that counter forces rise and so
we did a I won't call it a pivot because
our original apt still does the same
thing which is you can call call an
expert on any topic if that expert is
online and you can pay for their time
based on whatever rate they give you but
we've added and I'll just show you an
example you can grab go to an expert now
these experts don't have to be online
these are these are people have signed
up at one time or another so that their
profiles are in the system so let's say
I wanted to give a donation to carpe
dunked um do you all know carpe carpe
dunked them the that's the twitter
handle for gentleman who does a lot of
the memes that you enjoy all right so
let's say you wanted to give him a
donation the same way you would do on
patreon but you don't want to use
patreon so you can use the interface by
one hub app it's a free app you just
sign up you know download it and sign up
and then you would just go to the search
box it's the first thing that comes up
I'll just put it in carpe 2 and he pops
up on the list and the search list he's
right at the top so here he is you can
see it took him probably 60 seconds to
upload a picture and then write a couple
of sentences about who he is right now
if I didn't already know him I wouldn't
know for sure this was really his
account so you might want to make sure
that you're really donating to a real
person so if you've seen it on Twitter
that they have this or they mention it
on the website they'll be a little safer
than just assuming you know the person
but you could make a donation or if he
were online you could connect with him
to talk live all right he's not online
right now and if he had a schedule he
could put a schedule of when he's
available you could book him but he
doesn't have that act
right now but he does have button here
and everybody has that so here you
starts at $1 but you can you can click
more let's say I'll give him $2 and this
is the feature that we just added it's
hard to see let me change the see if I
can change the lighting on here to make
it easier to read it's a little easier
right so now I decided for $2 and I'm
gonna click either one-time or recurring
if I click recurring then every month
I'll be charged until I turned it off so
I can just turn it off in the app as
well so I'm going to say recurring
monthly so this is just what patreon
does it's the same function and I'm
going to say gonna say your yeah I'll
let me say I'll just put a little note
there I'll just say hi for now and put
it in my little note get the pay button
it asks for my fingerprint so I just put
my thumb on there and boom done all
right so I just made a donation to the
best conservative mean maker in the
world right now by the way President
Trump retweeted carpi Duncan's meme
recently you probably saw that so that's
that is the the option now so you see
that every time there's a slippery slope
there are counter forces that usually
the free market kicks up or politics
kicks up in the case of President Trump
to counter it now anybody who wants to
be on the app can just sign up takes
about 60 seconds put your photo there
put your price you don't even have to be
available for calls you can just put
your profile there then anybody can
donate to you we're adding I don't have
an update on this I think in the next
few days we'll be adding a button that
you can add to your webpage or add to
your profile so there's somebody sees on
for example that you have this you just
click the link and it will take you
right to the app by the way the app
exists as a browser page as well so it
works on Apple it works like a Google
that works on any kind of browser all
right let us go on I saw that CNN is
reporting that this week was a what they
call it a it was an epically bad week
this is Chris Alyssa's article his
opinion in on CNN's website that it was
an epically bad week for the president
and I read the headline and I thought
did I miss something
is there something epically bad that
happened that I missed and so I look at
his list of epically bad things number
one was the Cohen testimony and I
thought to myself was it epically bad
that collusion has just been eliminated
from the headlines and that all we
learned was stuff we knew before it was
the most nothing of but I mean for me it
just looked big sculpt Ettore to the
point where it embarrassed of the media
who has been talking about all of these
alleged crimes for for two and a half
years and whatever so I thought well
that's pretty hard to turn that into a
negative but they did the other negative
in his epically bad week was that he
didn't get complete denuclearization of
the Korean Peninsula to which I say wait
a minute isn't he demo isn't the
president demonstrating right in front
of the world how to turn an enemy into a
friend me or at least maybe an ally or
even an investment partner
president Trump eliminated the nuclear
risk in North Korea and that's called a
bad week what would a good week look
like that how hard would he have to work
to have a good week come on that was one
of the best weeks
of any president ever the fact that it
didn't get some specific little goal
related result shows you again that
difference between I speculate this by
the way this is not a scientific
statement but I speculate that one of
the differences between the left and the
right politically is that the left is
goal oriented so they went in thinking
he's got to get this specific result
he's got to get complete
denuclearization in this meeting that's
the goal and then it didn't happen so
their goal was not met conservatives and
especially in the Trump world seemed to
be systems oriented meaning that they
have a good system in place do you have
a Constitution your capitalism is
working you've got a rule of law you
know systems and so when they watch the
president go to this meeting they say oh
this is a hundred year plan to make sure
that North Korea you know stays on the
path from mortal enemy to good buddy
with a good economy there's no reason
that had to happen Tuesday
there's just no reason because the
system is working the system in this
case is to have a personal relationship
with the leader convince them what the
future could look like you know work on
all the details have that have an open
line of communication set up some teams
to talk to them on a regular basis
they'll move a little bit at a time with
South Korea until until the odds of a
nuclear war slowly go down to zero so
and then the other things that they
mentioned about Trump's epically bad
week is that - Felix Sater apparently
some sketchy Russian Russian character
who was had dealings with both Trump and
of course everybody over there who has
more than $100 is connected to the
Kremlin and so and so Elizabeth says the
Trump had an epically bad week in part
because Felix aider is going
to testify next week so I didn't say
that wrong so so Liz's list of why this
week was an epically bad week is because
next week somebody is going to testify
and probably will have as much to say as
Cohen which is you know interesting but
not really illegal and not really news
so if that's all you got
if all you've got for your epically bad
week is two things that went great and
something that might happen next week
anyway yeah I always coffin the mornings
I'm full of allergies until I take my
allergy meds after I do these periscopes
alright so also in the news a tragic
story that hit me a little harder than a
hit most of you probably you probably
saw in the headlines that the founder of
square one of the co-founders Tristan o
Tierney died suddenly at age 35 the
reported cause is related to addiction
we don't know the details but when in a
35 year old dies from addiction I'm
thinking opioids that would be my
assumption I don't want to get ahead of
the story because you know today's more
the day you think about the the family
and the the departed but it's it's I I
don't think we can ignore you know the
immensity of the problem and so this
this gets me to another topic which is
how do you get and I'll connect these
dots in a minute but this this makes me
makes me think about the healthcare
costs and how close we are to a low-cost
health care solution
I want to give you a sense of this just
by breaking it down this way if you look
at the components of health care from
your doctors and your nurses your
medicines your lab tests your supplies
in your MRIs MRIs being just a stand-in
for scanning the body in variety of ways
all of these have big changes happening
right now there should lower the cost if
everything went right I talked about my
app interface by when hub were adding
some doctors on there and they tie into
the story about Tristan Tierney is that
most of you know I lost my steps on in a
few months ago to an opioid overdose and
one of the things I learned in that
process of you know the I guess I would
call it the slow inevitable death of my
own steps on is that one of the biggest
issues is finding somebody to talk to
when you have the urge to use and
apparently the addicts will tell you
that it's it's very it's it's very hard
to find somebody at the moment you need
them most in other words a sponsor
somebody to talk to an expert a
therapist when you need them because
when you need them it's kind of critical
right just when you want to use you want
to use right now you don't want to make
an appointment for next week and so one
of the functions of the interface by
window app yes I'll give you an example
if you put in an addiction addiction
you'll see a list of people who are
experts on addiction among them
we'll see if dr. Drew's still on here I
noticed that dr. Drew had signed up and
yeah
Pinsky MD now he's not online right now
but he has a profile set up and should
there be enough customers and
enough demand you would be able to
actually get a hold of dr. drew himself
you know if you were in luck if you were
live on the app right now and imagine
imagine the benefit of being able to you
know reach for your phone and talk to
somebody and you know not everybody is
gonna be a dr. drew level expense but
obviously if you're the founder of
square you could you could afford to
talk to somebody who really really knows
what they're doing here but just talking
to somebody who's been through it
somebody who's had the same issues and
by the way this would work for PTSD as
well
a lot of people with PTSD just sort of
need to talk to somebody you also has
been through the same situation so an
app of course is not a full replacement
for a live therapist a live doctor or a
live sponsor but if you need it quickly
you need it and so this gives you the
promise of lowering the costs of the
doctor visits or even not having to have
insurance and if you need it you just
get your doctor advice when you need it
I imagine there will be more apps for
nurses because they're probably oh
there's probably always an often dirty
often duty nurse somewhere in your
neighborhood who would come to you if
you just you know call them up in your
app and say I need something looked at
or bandaged or you know something like
that I need to get a shot something like
that so I don't know if any apps that do
that have a nurse come to your house but
it makes sense that that that will
emerge if it doesn't exist it already
will and it probably exists by the way I
assume it does exist I just don't know
what it is yet
you'll see the cost of meds probably
gets some downward pressure you see that
the Trump administration has an effort
now to speed generics now apparently the
the the economic rule that they've
discovered is that the price of medicine
doesn't go down a lot until the third
generic and I can't remember if it's the
second generic in addition to the
original or if it's the third generic
but something like that
you have to get an additional generic in
the market before they compete in the
prices go down so the administration has
sped up the approval of generics which
should have a an impact on drug prices
we also know that Amazon is part of the
triumvirate with JP Morgan Chase and the
other company is at Apple I can't
remember who is the third company but
you know what I'm talking about
so they'll probably have an impact on
negotiating power Oh Berkshire Hathaway
right
sorry Berkshire Hathaway Amazon JPMorgan
Chase they will probably have some
impact on on drug prices so that's good
news
there are a number of startups there
looking to lower the price of lab tests
so you wouldn't need to go through your
hospital your normal doctor process
there would be an expedited quick
low-cost way to do it because technology
is allowed to the the price of this to
go way down supplies we're probably at
the place where you could 3d print a lot
of your supplies or you could have
Amazon deliver them that what will
probably be a lower cost in the future
and then there are a number of startups
who are working on things like MRIs and
scanners things that would you know look
at your body find out what's wrong and
you could have apparently artificial
intelligence is already better at
reading scans than humans if you're
trying to detect detect cancer for
example you'd be better off having the
AI and look at your scans than you would
having a human being so these are all
the things that are happening right now
so they know if you took this collection
of stuff and you add it on top of it
catastrophic health care insurance so
the the expensive stuff when you have to
go in and get an operation or its end of
life situation that that sort of thing
so if the only insurance you needed
theoretically was maybe a little
insurance for your meds and some
catastrophic insurance and then you just
pay cash for the rest or you pay a
monthly you know direct care doctor
situation you can see that there
probably is opening up what I would call
the poor man's health insurance so the
poor man's health insurance basically
takes advantage of the the new trends
the you know the apps the low-cost stuff
the the tests the the startup developed
stuff and with that some catastrophic
insurance which wouldn't be much because
it's just the catastrophic part so we
probably are on the cusp of having
something like a poor person option poor
meaning you know they'll say a
twenty-something who doesn't make a lot
of money yet so in my yeah they don't
have to be suffering they just have to
not have high income yet so this is all
good news and if you would like to help
make this happen
anything you can do to use or promote
the interface by when hub app should
make a difference for addicts who need
to find a sponsor somebody to talk to
should make a difference for health care
if this type of thing catches on and
we're not we're not the only people in
the telehealth market that's a it's a
big burgeoning market anyway let's
change the topic I'm getting into
conversations on Twitter about president
Trump's quote and joke about Russia
hey Russia if you have Hillary's emails
can you release them and people are
talking about whether he was really
asking them to do it or was it a joke
and I of course have been saying you
couldn't tell that was a joke and then
other people who say oh sure it was a
joke but he really was also asking so
maybe it was a joke but that doesn't
change the fact
he actually literally asked Russia to
help him win an election to which I say
what does it mean to ask for something
that everybody wants so in other words
if I say to you I want oxygen what's
your reaction to that
I want oxygen yeah I think everybody
should have oxygen you'd say I think
Scott you've said absolutely nothing
because every person agrees with that
everybody wants oxygen you didn't even
need to say it it was unnecessary to say
you like oxygen because we pretty much
knew that we all run the same page with
the oxygen so when a candidate says any
version of I sure would like it if Mike
my opponent were embarrassed by a
release of their information have you
really said anything is there anybody
who wouldn't be happy to see their
opponent's embarrassing information be
revealed in the context of an election
now there's nobody who would doesn't
want that to happen the joke is that he
said it it's the same in public and in
in the ways he said it which is the
funny part now now some of my critics
said oh sure but what about the next
time he said it because he didn't just
say at that one time I guess he said in
an interview where he was a less joking
mood to which I say again is it news if
I say I like oxygen it shouldn't be
because you probably should have figured
that out on your own
so is it news that a candidate wants
Russia or anybody else wouldn't matter
who else would like them to release any
embarrassing information on your
opponent that they have of course you
want that anybody who says they don't
want that would just be a a transparent
liar it would be
like some people like me saying you know
I don't like oxygen I don't like it all
right so I see some of you still are
having some afterglow from the
President's speech that you liked so
much his supporters liked it his critics
hated it per usual and one of the things
you should know is he was talking to a
young crowd and you saw how the
president adjusted his approach to the
audience they were sort of a young edgy
crowd and he you know he used he said
 twice which they loved because
it was inappropriate which is why they
loved it he hugged the flag you know he
he went through all of his best jokes so
he he put on quite a show now I don't
know if this if this transformation has
yet happened but do you remember early
on in you know 2015 2016 the big the big
complaint about Trump is that he was
just a reality star that he was just an
entertainer essentially and and people
dismissed him before being a reality TV
star you don't hear that as much do you
because when you watch this speech at
CPAC you've probably said to yourself
something like I said to myself which is
this is a man who understands this
medium like crazy he understands that
better than it has ever been understood
by a candidate now I would say that
Reagan was also you know a genius in
terms of the the communication element
of it but he was in a different time
right Reagan didn't have the Internet
he was sort of a TV personality trump is
all of that plus a lot more because he's
got this
social media understanding he's the best
social media user of all time I would
say I think that that's just clearly
true in my opinion and we watch how he
uses entertainment as a political tool
now if all you thought was well this is
a political realm and he's an
entertainer so those are not the same
thing
so he's a round peg in a square hole
well that wasn't stupid you know it
wasn't ridiculous to say he's not
bringing the right kind of skill that we
accept that we expect to be useful and
you may remember that from the very
beginning I was saying I think I think
they're seeing this wrong because if
you're trying to persuade at least half
of the job of persuading is getting
attention if you can if you can't get
attention there's nothing else that
matters so he gets attention better than
anybody ever has I would say and then he
puts his messages and simple repeatable
memorable provocative frames that become
a permanent part of your head so the two
parts of persuasion getting your
attention the best there's ever event
nobody has ever been better and I feel
confident in saying that certainly in
the political realm no one's ever been
better than getting attention then he
does than he is so that's half of
persuasion the other half is are you
visual are you provocative so that
people remember it it has to be a little
bit wrong for people to remember it he
does a little bit wrong so consistently
well then it's crazy this is crazy how
consistently he gives you a thought
that's just a little little attenuated
from what you thought was normal just a
little extra every time you know it's
never it's never just here's your cake
it's always cake with
here's the ice cream on top there's
always a little extra and so you know
he's the best news ever been at that now
when you watch his CPAC speech and Nick
Gillespie wrote a great article I
tweeted on this for a reason reason
being the publication that when you see
him do I would say the mature president
version of himself because before he was
the non president trying to become a
president that's a that's a whole
different feel but net
but you saw his confidence did you see
how much confidence he had at that CPAC
speech it was crazy he was so relaxed
and confident that you just feel that
you feel the confidence and it feels
good so if you imagine the best Democrat
in the race whoever you think that's
going to be just do this do this funny
mental exercise you know imagine it's
the future it's 2020 and we're having
some debates and we're down to the final
two so you've got Trump he's one of them
and the other is you can and you can
cycle through whichever the faces of the
Democrats you think is your best choice
and it's Joe Biden oh my god Joe Biden
just disappears doesn't he the contrast
between them but let me put it this way
if you took if you started with Donald
Trump and then you said okay here here
all the qualities of Trump and now we're
one by one like like a Jenga game we're
gonna remove Trump's best qualities it's
like okay we'll take out you know this
this is persuasion and is you know he's
charisma we'll take out his sense of
humor and everything once you've removed
all of that what would you have left Joe
Biden if you took everything goes good
away from
what would be left would be Joe Biden
there's no way that that matchup could
possibly be a winner for the Democrats
if you put Trump next to Bernie in here
here's another here's another mental
exercise for you
imagine that Trump and Bernie on stage
and now do ways sort of that an
imagination exercise where you say what
do you think of when you think of Trump
that's not a person right an object or
an event or a you know a thing you what
is the thing or other thing you think of
when you see Trump and then what's the
thing you think of when you see Bernie
when I see Trump I think of a flame
don't you because it's its energy and
it's orange and it's and it's red-hot
and its flaming when you see Trump you
almost see a flame it was like a
fireplace ball
all right that's that's Trump now move
over on the stage and imagine burning
when I see Bernie I always imagined a
dandelion in its final days you know
when a dandelion turns into one of those
I don't know what they're called when
they just have wisps of white stuff that
you can blow away like that
don't you see it now you see a flame
energy heat you know life and then you
see this little this is this tired
little worn out Dan line and you can go
right down the line Elizabeth Warren
disappears
now Kamala Harris she is probably the
best they have but she only looks good
compared to the other Democrats as soon
as you imagine her on stage isn't she
just held Hillary Clinton she's just
sort of Hillary Clinton isn't she
and it's just gonna look like you've
seen this before so I believe she'll
probably be do a good job debating she's
probably good at that but he just has
that that extra sizzle that nobody is
going to come close to draw us a cartoon
somebody says in all caps all right all
right I think that's all I have to say
today I'm gonna be next week and you'll
be trying out the periscope upgrade that
allows you to add add guests which I've
used before but the upgrade allows you
to send out the Twitter notification
also before those two features didn't
work at the same time and I think that
the new version this coming week will
allow me to do that so we'll have some
guests on next week anyway I hope you
try out to interface by when hub and I
will talk to you later