[Music]
um hey everybody come on in here it's a
wonderful day one of the best one of the
best days and all of history why because
it's the most recent one it's the one
you're in it's going pretty well I'm
checking the news and I don't see a lot
of problems there that we cantle so why
not make it a little better how about
that how about that all you need to make
this day a better day than the Doherty
is going to be there's a cup or a mug or
glasses Stein the gel is a tank or a
thermos of Laska can't even tell if any
control it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous sip go mmm yeah
delicious do you notice that I've
started shuffling papers and doing this
and a little this that's for the benefit
of those of you who listen to it before
you go to sleep it's ASMR it's
entertainment well it's everything it's
all here so here's some things happening
in the news well this is not in the news
but it's a question I have
do we have religious freedom in the
United States do we because I would
think that that's one of the great
illusions one of the great brainwashing
accomplishments of this country and when
I talk about brainwashing in terms of
patriotism and the United States and the
Pledge of Allegiance and all that I mean
brainwashing in a positive way meaning
that it's very productive and a good
thing to brainwash your country into
thinking it's a good country and it
belongs together and it should defend
itself and all that stuff
so brainwashing in the context of
patriotism nationalism if you don't go
too far with it is all good stuff but
here's the question is the United States
a country in which we have freedom of
religion I would say not even close
here's what we have you have the freedom
to have a religion which is largely
compatible with Christianity if your
religion is kind of sort of close to
Christianity or at least it doesn't
conflict with it too much
you're free to practice it Judaism close
enough a modern version of Islam where
people are sort of keeping to themselves
and you know following the Constitution
fine it's all perfectly compatible
Hinduism no problem
doesn't seem to be incompatible with
Christianity but how about if somebody
let's say let's say for example there
there were a religion in elbonia elbonia
is a country you probably haven't heard
of let's say the Albanians had a
religion in which they they they
approved of something that we would
consider heinous I don't know what it
would be torturing animals or having
having sexual relations with underage
people just something we can't tolerate
in the West would that religion be
tolerated could you say hey freedom or
religion I'm a member of the elbonian
religion and we believe in virgin
sacrifices can I take my religious
belief to the United States and will the
Constitution protect me no no of course
that of course it won't and so the
question I always ask myself is
why is religious discrimination like
other discrimination now this is
something I can say because I'm not a
believer
so I'm Pro Christianity as a organizing
set of beliefs that that work it works
for a lot of people it's something you
could observe it's something studies
back up it clearly seems to be a system
that produces benefits compared to a lot
of other systems maybe all other systems
as far as I know so I'm very Pro
Christianity if anybody wants to you
know engage in that believe in it I say
that's a good filter on life I can't
tell you what's real because I'm not
sure that our brains have revolved to
the point where we even know what's real
but you can certainly tell if
something's working you can tell if it
hurts you you can tell if using this
process gives you good results
consistently and Christianity seems to
be one of those systems that
consistently works so I have no problem
with the United States having a system
that is biased toward a particular
religion and allows religions that are
largely compatible with it but don't
confuse that with freedom of religion
the last thing you would want is freedom
of religion you wouldn't want that
because that would allow somebody to
come in with some horrible set of
beliefs and spread them and we probably
wouldn't let people like that in the
country
let's take take for an example let's say
the elbow nians were a racist country
let's say all elbow nians believe that
anybody who wasn't an elbonian
was inferior and needed to be treated as
such would we allow as much immigration
from elbonia as we allow from any other
country i don't think so i actually
don't know how that works would we would
we take into consideration that the
people we would bring in from the
country of elbonia would bring in you
know in their minds a set of ideas that
are so diametrically a
- what works in this country there
wouldn't you have to reduce the number
of those you brought in the country to
keep things stable so I guess the
question here is does the government of
the United States have the ability to
discriminate by belief system when doing
immigration I don't know the answer is
that by the way I have no idea maybe
somebody can tell me can the United
States discriminate by belief suppose
the belief system is not religious based
suppose the belief system is just racism
suppose the belief system is that there
should be no age of consent that's not a
religion but if you knew that a
community had a set of beliefs that were
not compatible with US laws would your
immigration criteria be exactly the same
for elbonia bringing in people who have
problematic ideas I don't know these are
questions don't have answers all right
here's a question for you what will
happen to humanity and reality when we
can predict your decisions before you
make them because that's common and and
in my lifetime I'm sure and what I mean
is we have better and better brain
sensors and scanners
we're probably very close to the point
where we can scan your brain maybe ask
you a few questions just to test the
hardware and we can tell you based on
the physical construction of your brain
what you're going to choose when
presented with two choices now you know
in the first place you would probably
constrain the choices to let's say
showing you a house and asking you if
you had a choice all things being equal
here are two houses they both have the
same cost and they're in the same
location hypothetically which one do you
prefer do you like this house
already like this house we're very close
to the point where we can scan the
person's brain maybe watch it operate
for a while and then say oh ok given
these two choices we already know which
way this person's going to choose what
happens when a machine can tell you what
you're gonna choose before you choose it
and can get it right every time because
it would just be looking at your wiring
you know saying okay with that wiring
you can only go one way
well that's gonna happen if if there's
one thing that I could be sure of that's
gonna happen now it won't be able to
make every decision right away but it
will be able to freak you out by making
decisions you know or by predicting your
decisions before you make them and when
it can reach a hundred percent
reliability what will that do to our
sense of reality what will happen when
you realize that you don't have free
will because if you can predict
somebody's choices a hundred percent of
the time they don't have free well
they're just a machine you give this
input you get this output and we'll be
able to predict that in my lifetime just
by scanning the brain and watching it in
action so I've got a feeling that we're
coming to a time in civilization where
our sense of who we are as independent
creatures who make independent decisions
with free will and souls and all that is
really gonna get shook up that's coming
all right here's some other topics in
the news what was the last time you saw
Steve Cortes on CNN so Steve Cortes most
of you know a pro-trump
voice may I don't know pundit would be
that the right word journalist writer
and CNN has employed him to be sort of
the voice of the pro-trump side of the
world have you noticed that he hasn't
been on in a while
I'll bet you're not gonna see him on
again do you know why he was too good
that's actually the truth and so they
hired Steve Court has to present Trump
but what they didn't count on is that he
would be good at it didn't see that
coming I guess I don't know why they
underestimated him but after he
thoroughly dismantled their most
fundamental fraudulent news you know the
fine people hoaxes and did it over and
over again and then by the time he drove
a stake through his heart with the
Praeger you think that I think is four
or five million views by now how could
they have him back on the air they can't
you just dismantled their entire
reputation single-handedly and that
wasn't his job his job was to do a bad
job so that that they would always have
this bad representative for Trump and
then they could have their normal
programming where they make fun of Trump
and there's no defense but sorry he was
too good and and by the way there's no
exaggeration here that is literally
exactly what happened he was too good at
making his case so they they're gonna
have to find somebody weaker so watch
for somebody becoming the new you know
voice of trumpet defenders on CNN and
you're gonna find somebody weaker a lot
weaker because it turns out that Cortes
is a superstar and they did not see that
coming which is hilarious to me alright
let's talk about Ruth Bader Ginsburg and
we're trying to do this with as much
respect and sensitivity as I can all
right so I mean no disrespect to Ruth
Bader Ginsburg who's been a dedicated
public servant for many years and in
like Joe Biden she she earns our respect
so even if he does
with all of her decisions she should
earn II respect for being a valuable
part of a system which you buy into the
Supreme Court the Constitution etc so
there was a statement about her cancer
treatment recently so I'm gonna talk
about the communication of it I'm gonna
talk about this statement I mean no
disrespect to Ruth Bader Ginsburg who I
hope does well so I have good thoughts
and I hope that she recovers and I hope
that everything's good and she can you
know enjoy her time on this earth but
here's the actual statement which I
could not help but notice so this these
are quotes from the Supreme Court's own
statement about Ruth Bader Ginsburg they
say quote the tumor was treated
definitively and there is no evidence of
disease elsewhere in the body the court
said and then they went on said the
justice tolerated treatment well the
core said no further treatment is needed
at this time how do you interpret that
statement do you interpret that as well
she's been treated and I guess you can
go home looks pretty good maybe I mean
you can't rule out that they got it and
maybe she's you know in a good place but
let's read the actual words because
remember this came from the Supreme
Court so you're talking about people who
are the best I mean you could argue that
they're the best people in the world at
interpreting words right I mean that's
what the Supreme Court does it
interprets it it interprets and meaning
so probably whoever writes the statement
for the Supreme Court and whoever
approved it are among the best people in
the world that putting words together
and putting them together in exactly the
way that they mean them would no
ambiguity and these are the words they
tribute they chose the tumor was treated
definitively what's that mean that the
tumor was treated definitively now I had
they said
had they said that the tumor was removed
or the cancer was cured definitively you
would know what that meant right if they
said we we took care of it we got that
out of there the problem is gone
definitively well that would mean it's
totally gone but that's not what they
said they said the tumor was treated
definitively meaning that the
definitively refers to the treatment not
to the outcome and not to the disease it
was the treatment itself the process of
treating her was definitive meaning that
they perfectly did the treatment that is
not a statement about whether the
treatment worked
it's a statement that they did the
treatment definitely they did a
definitive treatment no statement
whatsoever about whether it worked and
then they said and there is no evidence
of disease elsewhere in the body that's
a very specific statement there is no
evidence of the disease
elsewhere meaning that they can't say
that there's no disease left where it
was treated the pancreas if there were
no disease anywhere in the body when
they were done with these treatments I
feel like the sentence would have been
clear and it was said there is no
evidence of disease anywhere in her body
but they don't say there's no evidence
of disease anywhere they say there's no
evidence of disease elsewhere which
leaves open the possibility that there's
still evidence of disease at the spot I
was treated then they say the justice
tolerated treatment well I think that's
a clear statement we know what that
means and then here's the kicker the
core said and I quote no further
treatment is needed at this time what's
that mean there are at least two reasons
that no further treatment is needed
one is that you cured it and you know
you cure
and you're done and I feel like they're
allowing us to make that interpretation
it seems intentional that they're
allowing us to make that interpretation
here's the other interpretation no no
further treatment is needed at this time
because it wouldn't make any difference
it's not needed because we don't have
anything else there's nothing else left
now other people have said that the
anando doctor so I can't put a
credibility rating on this but some
people on Twitter are saying that the
stent apparently that she got is is
usually the signal that times up in
other words the stent is something again
this is not me talking this is other
people who act like they know what
they're talking about I don't know if
they do they act as though pancreatic
cancer and stent is sort of telling you
that your odds of a much longer life are
not that good so we don't know what that
means so again no disrespect to Ruth
Bader Ginsburg a longtime and loyal
public servant but the statement from
the Supreme Court certainly certainly
would suggest that there's a political
event that's not coming sometime in the
next certainly I would say within this
administration or the next for whoever's
in charge it looks like there's going to
be decision and needs to be made all
right Joe Biden continues showing us why
he will never be President he tweeted a
picture of himself doing a little
humorous staredown of a baby with the
mother and he said this election is not
a joke that was his tweet so he wrote
this election is not a joke man if
there's anything I could teach you don't
don't say not say this joke is this
election is serious if that's what you
mean or say this election is important
if that's what you mean but if that's
what you mean don't ever word it this
way this election is not a joke because
what are you here yeah this is the the
hypnotist trick what you hear is this
election is a joke and then there's a
picture of Joe Biden he put joke next to
a picture of himself and then tweeted it
he should not be allowed to tweet and
whoever's tweeting for him might be the
mole you know I used to talk about the
mole a hypothetical person who worked
for Hillary Clinton who was so bad at
tweeting that that the hypothetical mole
must be working for the Trump campaign
because it was doing such a bad job for
Hillary but looks like the mole may have
going to work for Joe Biden then also
yesterday this is just yesterday he was
in New Hampshire and he said Vermont was
lovely no that's not a big deal right
people get their town and their place
mixed up if if I were campaigning for
president I would totally make that
mistake a bunch of times yeah I forget
what state I'm in now I've done some
public speaking where you fly in every
every Hotel looks the same you do your
thing you fly home and you forget even
what city you went to so I totally get
not knowing what state you're in you
don't have to be you know alzheimerís to
have that problem but it's starting to
add up and then to make it worse biden
tells voters that you should quote don't
vote for me if you're concerned about my
age oh my god
he told voters in his own words that if
they're concerned about his age don't
fall for him is he still trying I just
don't I mean I'm just feeling sorry for
him now I I want to laugh but it's hard
alright
yesterday in my periscope I made the
grievous mistake of saying that donkeys
are sterile and they are a combination
of mules and horses I got that wrong I
mixed apparently I don't know my my ass
from the horse because I got that wrong
it's the the mules that are sterile not
the donkeys
so the donkeys and the horses if they
have a baby it's a mule and that mule is
sterile I'm told so I had that wrong
yesterday so ignore everything I said
yesterday all right so there's an
interesting story about maybe you've
heard of it's been going on for a few
years of court case in which Michael
Mann and dr. Tim ball were were going to
court and I guess dr. Tim ball had
questioned Michael Mann who was a
climate scientist type the most probably
the most famous one and is the author of
the hockey stick graph the graph that
says that the heat is going to get
warmer and warmer but there's a point
when it's going to get really warm
really fast that's the hockey tip hockey
stick shape of the graph and that became
sort of the the most well known graph in
climate science for years dr. Tim ball
had his doubts that that hockey stick
graph was based on good data and good
analysis and so he publicly questioned
Michael Mann and I guess that was taken
as slanderous and then there was a court
case in which Michael Mann if I have
this right I think he was suing Tim ball
for her defamation or whatever the
Canadian version of that is and dr. Tim
ball his defense was that he told the
truth meaning that his accusations
against man were true and therefore it
can't be defamation because it's just
the truth
now in order to make his case that it
was true dr. Tim ball and his lawyers
banded from michael mann the data and
the analysis so that the court could
look at it and public could look at it
or at least the court and decide if the
data and the analysis supported michael
mann's hockey stick because if it did
even i suppose even if there were a
mistake in there then then he would
still be honest even if there was a
mistake in the math but the accusation
was that it would be obvious from the
data and the analysis should it be
released that there was a intentional
fraud i don't know that data could ever
prove that but here's the interesting
wrinkle michael mann refused to release
something called the r2 regression
analysis some combination of data and
calculations and because he refused to
release the very information that would
prove or disprove the credibility of the
hockey stick the the way the court
system works is that the person who
won't release information that's
necessary loses and so dr. Tim ball wins
the case and actually he wins the right
to have his pork costs paid by Michael
Mann so Michael Mann had to pay his own
court costs plus those of the people he
accused but does that
therefore mean then Michael Mann and his
hockey stick graph are wrong it doesn't
it doesn't all we know is we didn't see
him we are left to speculate why it is
that we didn't see them and I can think
of a few different reasons so and we
don't know the reasons I'm just saying
that don't assume you know the reason
because there are multiple explanations
one of them might be that it has some
kind of economic value seems unlikely
but maybe has some economic value and if
it goes public
you would lose this value I'll just
throw that in there I think that's
unlikely
one is that another one is that Michael
Mann might expect that there are some
errors in there honest errors and
certainly nothing that would prove any
kind of intentional fraud but he might
suspect there are some errors in there
and he wouldn't want people to see him
that's possibility again I'm not saying
that's the case I'm saying considering
all the possibilities why somebody
wouldn't release their information
another one might be that he lost it you
know scientists or regular people right
they might have just lost it it's
totally possible just lost him and if he
lost it then you know he would not be
able to support his graph so we'd have
to sort of you know redo it or get rid
of it no I don't know if that's likely
but if you tell me it's not possible
they can lose his data I would say look
for any data that I have I lose all of
my data I've lost more data than people
most people have ever had losing data is
pretty normal
even with backups another possibility is
that he doesn't think there's anything
wrong with his data but he knows that
releasing it would open him up to all
kinds of criticisms and we wouldn't know
the difference if those criticisms were
valid or not that would be a good reason
and it might be a good enough reason
that he'd be willing to eat the court
costs to avoid it somebody says you're
not a scientist right I don't know what
kind of a point that is I'll tell you if
there's one thing that bothers me more
than anything about the whole climate
change debate it's watching idiots
explain to other idiots was Sciences or
watching people explain it to B which I
suppose is the same thing can we all
stop explaining to each other what
science is and how it works I don't know
that there are too many people in the
debate who actually don't know you know
the basics of science
that you know there's there's peer
review and you know sometimes it can be
wrong and it improves over time you've
got to compare things and you've got to
have a control I don't think there's
anybody who needs that science explain
to them but yet that's what we do it's
like well Bob let me explain to you how
science works how about you don't how
about we assume that most of us know the
basics all right so anyway here's my
take on the Michael Mann Jim ball thing
it's interesting and it's curious why
Michael Mann would not release his hour
to regression analysis but we cannot or
should not leap to the assumption that
that's because it's fraudulent that that
evidence or that that's not an evidence
what we know is that there several
reasons he might not want to release it
and he didn't release it that's all we
know all right
Bill Maher has said that he said again
in the show he said her first in tweet
and then he reiterated on this show that
he would be willing to vote for Trump
if Trump became very focused on fixing
the environment which I assume includes
climate change in cetera and I asked in
my tweet does that include a nuclear
energy because think about it
remember I've been telling you that Bill
Maher is not like most anti Trump errs
if I can even call him that he's not
like the regular ones he's one of these
strange creatures who can change his
mind
based on Dana that's very unusual with
her very few people who can change their
mind like it's almost like a magical
kind of a thing Marv is one of them you
know I could name a few other people but
it would be such a small number of
people who can do that in public anyway
so I'm talking about public
personalities we can change their mind
and I believe that Bill Maher could
change his mind in five seconds if
somebody
some good evidence you know that was
backed up and had an argument I think it
would be that fast it would just take a
good argument so Bill Maher's put down
the challenge he said he'll support he'd
vote for Trump if Trump becomes the big
you know like a maniac about protecting
the climate no I don't know that Trump
could ever achieve whatever Bill Maher
standard is for that so because Trump
sort of a regulation cutter and that's
that's going to work against at least
the public's opinion of what what it
looks like to support the environment
but what if Trump became more vocal
about or really just vocal in the first
place about nuclear energy because the
his administration's Department of
Energy is doing a lot of stuff to
support testing of new nuclear fuels so
if Trump did nothing but talk about what
he's already doing and it's and it could
be the case could be made for anybody's
willing to listen the case could be made
that generation three and four four is
upcoming that's what they're testing but
we already have safe practical
affordable alternatives to the dirty
fuels all we have to do is build them
and what would it take to be able to
build more nuclear energy well it would
take people like Bill Maher to say oh
we've got this giant climate change
problem according to you know many
experts and we have this technology that
totally works and it is in fact the only
solution that anybody knows that could
handle the size of the problem even if
you go as hard as you can
at solar even if you go hard at all the
other things there's still going to be
the gigantic energy gap that only
nuclear can fill as far as we know in
other words until something magic gets
invented there's better it's the only
thing we know
so could bill Mahr hypothetically become
a trump supporter if Trump made the case
for nuclear energy as the best solution
for protecting the environment and how
hard would it be to make that case easy
it turns out it's easy it's really easy
to make the case what you can't do
easily is change people's emotional
state around nuclear energy but remember
we're not talking about changing
everybody's mind that where we started
was talking about one particular mind
which is Bill Maher so Bill Maher being
an open-minded sort of evidence-based
personality and again completely unique
in our public conversations as somebody
who could change his mind if the data
supported it somebody just needs to make
the data available because I've never
seen I don't think I've seen Maher
commented specifically about nuclear
energy I would imagine that like most
people he's not that technically
informed on it but it wouldn't be hard
to do it you know to give somebody the
basics that it wouldn't be hard so think
about it Bill Maher is this close to
supporting Trump because he doesn't know
that the requirement he's asking of
Trump that Trump be the biggest that
Trump would be the biggest supporter of
the environment he doesn't know that
Trump already is it's just not that
support is simply not packaged in a way
that we could recognize it because it's
it comes in the form of his Department
of Energy is moving aggressively to
support nuclear we just don't hear about
it much
yeah you know their press releases and
stuff but we don't hear better much
meanwhile 23,000 kilograms of Chinese
fentanyl was seized at Mexico's biggest
Seaport apparently they know it came
from in China
23 thousand kilograms do you know I'm
that's a lot do you know how many people
you could kill with 23 thousand
kilograms of fentanyl amazing so here's
something that's going to happen so when
the president pushed on China and said
you know basically to work in a tariff
um and we're going to be clamping down
on their packages and looking for
fentanyl and that they've essentially
lied to us
on fentanyl-laced
we have too many connections it would be
too more too big of a blow to the to the
economy and the world would go into a
depression or thing that's that was
everybody's first impression right
doesn't remind you of everyone's first
impression at least the anti-trump errs
the first impression of when Trump got
elected
remember what everybody said who was on
the other side they said well it's
obvious now Trump got elected there's
gonna be a recession and then not even
close not even close
now everybody who's smart says my god
you know messing with China like this
and pushing back that's gonna cost us a
fortune economies will crumble here's
what Scott says economies can get used
to anything economies can get used to
anything might take a while but they
also are forward-looking markets look at
the future they don't look at today if
you said what would be the effect for
the next six months or the next year I'd
say you might be negative it could
easily be negative if you say what is
the effect over five or ten years I'd
say huh probably a lot of companies
moving
to this hemisphere which and long-run
could be positive so what I would expect
on Monday is for the stock market to
improve you know the stock markets could
be choppy so it's going to be up and
down but I would not expect the stock
market to start some you know daily dive
toward doom I would expect that people
are going to absorb the China news
though they got a little panicked and
people sold on the news now they're
gonna think about it they're gonna think
about you know we could do without China
we could figure it out it's a big world
China's part of it but it's a big world
we could be closer to India for example
you know we can we've got a lot going on
we don't need their market if we don't
have to have it so and then there's
stories in the news about the u.s. is
gearing up to look for rare earth
minerals because we depend on China for
some of our rare a lot of our rare earth
minerals so we'll have to scramble to
find them elsewhere
so we can find some rare earth minerals
and other places you know think our
allies have any rare earth minerals of
course they do we'll just find them
somewhere else yeah maybe in Greenland
you never know so I think we'll get
closer to India and I think that the
economy will start to adjust and my
prediction by the way is no no Chinese
trade deal ever
so is there is there anybody else is
making that prediction actually I don't
know so my prediction might be standing
alone so my prediction is we won't reach
a trade deal with China ever by ever
meaning within a trump administration
and I'm assuming that that will be six
more years
so under the assumption of a trump
administration second term I see no
Chinese trade deal but I do see us
moving production out of there to the
extent that that's possible and
adjusting that's what I see and maybe
beyond tariffs forever
we'll just tariffs until there's no
reason to tariffs anymore all right
I asked a question on Twitter yesterday
so Christina my significant other and I
are going to do some videos we're just
planning what we're going to do where
we'll do some videos not a replacement
of coffee miss Scott Adams all I'll keep
doing these by myself or well or if I
have my gases will be pundits or
political people but we're going to do
separately some videos where Christine
and I will answer some questions so I
tweeted that you can find that if you
have questions you want to put in the
list we will take them just for fun joe
walsh running for president yeah I can't
carry yet I just you know Joe all he's
not gonna get nominated no I just don't
care yeah just 30 billion to farmers ken
Dershowitz whose image ever recover so
you're asking that because the Epstein
stuff right well you know it's it's the
nature of smears that you never really
get rid of them
you know smears just live with us
forever now so when somebody smears you
it doesn't matter if it's true or false
you're sort of stuck with it now given
that Dershowitz is what 80 he doesn't
have that many years to sort of you know
get past past smears because the older
the smear the the smaller it gets so he
doesn't have that many years left to
extinguish a smear but it does look like
there will be no new evidence about it
that's believable because the the people
who have talked so far he did a good job
of of describing their lack of
credibility so that's gonna work for him
so I was going to do another episode of
outrage theater today in which I pick
things that are people people are
pretending to be outraged about and then
I mock it but there wasn't one today and
you know maybe it's because I wasn't
paying attention maybe there have been
other days when there's no outrage but
it seemed weird
there was no outrage and there really
wasn't much about the racism thing all
right are you feeling that the because
the New York Times got busted on the
creating this framework that they were
going to make everything about racism
and therefore about President Trump do
you think that took the took the power
Internet the fact that we all know that
we all know that it's a made-up thing
now because I've kind of feeling that
mocking the people who are outraged
actors the people acting outraged on
behalf of other people I think we can
mock that at the end of existence and
you know it's always going to come and
go but it's very mockable and things
which remarkable are hard to maintain
and they're really hard to maintain if
you're a Democrat because Democrats
don't like to be mocked well nobody
likes it but I think I think the
Republicans can handle it better for
some reason maybe because they get
mocked more they've had more practice
but mocking outrage theater and
specifically here's the thing to mock
you don't want to mock the topic because
if you mock the topic then they just
have more outrage about you oh you're
mocking the topic
you're a bad person but you could mock
people pretending to be outraged on
behalf of other people because that's
just ridiculous
people are not outraged on behalf of
other people it's not even a thing it's
pure theater how many times have you
been actually outraged by something you
saw in the news it happens there are
things that make you angry but nobody's
really outraged about the words I'm
going to use the image somebody use
nobody is really outraged
so mocking the fake outrage I think is
pretty effective talk about the Praeger
you lawsuit
yeah I've mentioned this I mentioned it
and tweeted it so Praeger you is going
after a Google / YouTube for suppressing
their videos about 200 of them now I
guess it made it to the 9th Circuit
Court which is a famous liberal Court so
we don't necessarily expect that Prager
you will get what they wanted it is
because they may have an unfriendly
court but we'll see because their their
claim probably is going to require some
kind of discovery if it goes forward and
I would love to see what that produces
because I think Google would have to
either produce their algorithm or Prager
you wins the lawsuit right it's the same
problem that Tim ball and Michael Mann
had Tim ball required you know
insisted in this court case give me the
data Michael Mann said I'm not going to
and that's the end of it Michael Mayer
loses because you won't give them the
data it might be the same thing I would
not be surprised if the way the Prager
you think goes is should it reach an
actual court case so that's I think
that's the the real question whether it
can actually become an evidence based
court case or not but if it does the
first thing Prager you
so attorneys are gonna ask for is the
algorithms they're gonna ask to show me
the show me the emails of people talking
about it show me the algorithm give me
an expert to explain how it's done I
don't believe Google can do that
meaning that you know they won't want to
and they might actually end up paying
Praeger you off to not have to give them
their data but won't that just encourage
me to sue sue the next because Prager
you situation is identical to mine and
identical to David Pakman identical to
you know Bill Mitchell identical to lots
of people right so left hand right there
are people who could sue Google and
asked for their algorithm so if Google
doesn't produce their algorithm for
Prager you they won't produce it for
anybody else which means that they would
lose every case yeah I heard that Laura
Loomer also has a case going forward for
similar types of things and it does seem
to me that something really interesting
is going to happen because of the
discovery phase I don't know how that's
gonna go all right did Bill Mitchell
mislead his followers asking for
donations well I would say that's
between Bill Mitchell and his followers
so that the basic story there is I guess
Bill Mitchell had a GoFundMe for
relocating his studio and then he
relocated his studio and he spent the
money but in between he had talked
separately about going to DC because
that would be a good place for a studio
but in the meantime he decided that
Florida was gonna work out better for
whatever reasons so use that money in
Florida I don't know how to score that
one you know I think I think you're all
gonna have to make your own decision on
that one because the GoFundMe did not
mention location and used the money for
what the GoFundMe said
but separately he said some things that
people took to be part of the GoFundMe
and you could see why they would be
concerned not that not the biggest issue
in the world not the biggest issue yeah
what do you think of Mike Tsarevich
saying a big trend is homeschooling he
is right I would go so far as to say
this sending a kid to public school it
is pretty close to child abuse at this
point pretty close I mean it will never
be called that but I I've been close
enough to watching you know my own
stepkids etc and so I've seen firsthand
knowledge of a lot of kids going through
the school system my local school system
is one of the highest-rated ones in the
state and probably one of the better
ones in the country so you know my
community has just one of the best
school systems public school systems and
I wouldn't even think about sending a
kid to that in the future because
because it's getting so hard the the
influences from other kids is
devastatingly bad and they they have
access to every drug sex alcohol I mean
it's really bad stereotype
generalization yes that's what we're
doing we're doing generalizations you
can't criticize me for a generalization
when the topic is a generalization about
home school versus public school it is a
generalization that's not a valid
complaint that I made a generalization
when I'm making a generalization yeah
you know there must be bad homeschool
situations surely there are situations
where people should not homeschool but
when do you ever hear bad
from home schools I don't really hear it
do you now I don't know exactly how
homeschooling works but I don't hear bad
outcomes
and I do have I do have a sense that the
whole public school thing is going to
fall apart I don't think it can last
into the future I would say if you
fast-forward 30 years into the future
there will be no 30 years yeah I'll say
30 years in the future I don't think
that public school will be a thing
anymore because it's just too
destructive I that you sound outraged
over being accused of generalizing well
yeah social awkwardness is the only
negative of home schooling but that too
depends on if you do it right because
homeschooling doesn't mean that the kid
has no access to other kids I mean you
can still have sleepovers and everything
else let me ask you this question for
those of you who have kids do your high
school kids spend every weekend staying
up all night is that a thing everywhere
is that that's sort of a thing in my
town I would say pretty much not even
high school but all of the school kids
who are old enough to have sleepovers
they pretty much all stay up all night
every weekend if they're with other kids
and they they often are is that a thing
where you live because to me that feels
bad for your health yes some I'm seeing
some yeses come in yeah people are
saying yes yes yes somebody says no yes
yeah you know one of the things that we
the weird thing is that we say that
children are the future and you know
every
should revolve around children but how
many of our children are eating fast
food and staying up all night on
weekends
I know those are pretty unhealthy things
but I don't know if there's any way to
prevent it because you you would either
have to prevent them from being with
their friends or if they have sleepovers
which are probably really good for
bonding and social skills etc if you
have sleepovers and all that are gonna
stay up all night so that's just a
question I'm not sure where I would ban
sleepovers or ban fast food but there's
a big disconnect between what we say
about children and the food and sleep
that we require they again all right I
will talk to you later
bye for now