[Music]
hey everybody come on him grab a chair
get a beverage some of you are
exercising right now good for you
everybody who is exercising right now
when you listen to my voice you're doing
exactly the right thing we need you
healthy
they don't think get your immune system
up do your part all right many of you
are here already
and so hey you think so bar and so it's
time for this Idol taenia sip and all
you need is a cover of margaret glass of
tanker challenger stein the canteen jug
reflect a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
enjoy be down for the unparalleled
pleasure that don't be mean the end of
the day the thing the thing that makes
everything including the pandemic better
it's called the simultaneous separate it
happens now so let's talk about all the
things we'll talk about all the things
starting with so I don't want to get
ahead of myself because you know I I
tend toward the optimistic scale of
things so I'm going to put a little bit
of a caveat on this which is kind of
wait and see what happens today but as
you know I had been predicting that this
week would be the week that we saw the
death rate not the infection rate but
the death rate in New York City
flattened out so and the prediction was
based on the fact that they got a big
supply of the the Trump pills
so the Trump pills are the
hydroxychloroquine combined with the as
a through Meissen and maybe sync
depending and they got that big shipment
apparently they were starting to give it
to people on Monday and I said that in
the next 48 hours or so
you should see the death curve start to
flatten at the same time and this was
the key to the prediction that you would
see the number of infections sore now
part of that is because of better
testing right but the other part the
bigger part probably is that it's just
an infection so of course there's more
yeah we saw that so yesterday the death
weight was around a hundred ish but the
day before the death rate was also about
a hundred ish now keep in mind that you
know the day that you start
administering the drug you still have a
whole bunch of people who should have
had it earlier so a theory the first
thing you should see is a flattening
because you have you know I don't know
any I don't know any kind way to finish
this sentence so just you know just
assume then I don't have bad intentions
here but you have to kind of work
through the backlog there's just no nice
way to say it the backlog of people who
aren't gonna make it and for some of
them the the medicines even if they work
could be too late especially for the
elderly and the underlying conditions so
what hours it would expect is a few days
of flattening of the death rate not the
infection rate that's still going way up
but if the meds work to keep you alive
and we have enough to give it to you
early
maybe upon your first visit with
symptoms instead of you know waiting
until it's too late I think just to stay
with the prediction again everything
depends on you know either the Hydra
hydroxychloroquine or some combination
it could be another med but everything
depends on some medicine and working and
they're doing a few probably doing
enough testing there that they're
getting a sense for that so don't want
to get ahead of myself but I did call
this days in advance right and remember
I always tell you look for the people
who make public predictions and then
tell you later if they got it right or
wrong I will also tell you what I get
stuff wrong and I know you'll remind me
if I if I forget but this one was right
on this this prediction was spot
I said this would be the week your
flattened and it did now that doesn't
mean it's because of that so you still
have to weigh that's why I don't want to
get ahead of myself with any optimism
but it is what I would accept in the
best-case scenario which is that we have
some therapeutics which really make a
difference that's the best case scenario
it would look exactly like this but it
doesn't mean it is that the World Health
Organization I'm trying to figure out
whose side they're on for a while
because they were they're human beings I
said to myself well it's humans against
virus obviously the humans are on my
side doesn't matter what country you on
what party what what what gender or the
ethnicity at the moment we're kind of
all on the same team against the virus
but then I see you know the but who is
also saying that face masks were not
that important at one point and and
there's a new tweet that says this this
is from w-h-o who PR oh I don't know
what the PRM stands for and it's a
little public service announcement
looking thing and it says if you do not
have any respiratory symptoms such as a
fever cough or runny nose you do not
need to wear a medical mask when used
alone masks can give you a false sense
of protection and can even be a source
of infection when not used correctly to
which I say have we not been hearing
that asymptomatic shedding might be a
big problem how do people who are not
showing symptoms yet how do they
transition from not showing any symptoms
to showing symptoms
does it ever pass through a moment or
two of coughing before you put your mask
on in other words how do a symptomatic
people even theoretically transmit the
virus
unless it's coming out of their mouth
is a coming out of their eyeball sockets
is that how a symptomatic people spread
it is it on their hands but somehow it
got to their hands without coming from
their mouth or their nose is that what
the World Health Organization is talking
does does the asymptomatic spreading
command of your elbows I'm not a doctor
but if I had to guess asymptomatic
spreading might come out of your ass a
little bit but probably it's coming out
of your mouth and your nose at the very
least the people there some people will
just always be asymptomatic but if
they're spreading where's it coming from
you don't want to put a mask on those
people now some people pointed out that
countries who went mask crazy in other
words they they just all wore masks such
as Japan and South Korea also
experienced a flattening of the curve
far faster than anyone else now that's
anecdotal because there's lots of other
things that are different in any
comparing any to two countries but you'd
at least have to raise the question
since we know these mess stop people
with symptoms why wouldn't it stop
people who are asymptomatic but somehow
they're shedding or they're
transitioning from asymptomatic to
symptomatic don't you want them to be
wearing a mask during the transition so
I don't think the World Health
Organization is actually on our side I
think the I think the virus bought them
off somehow the virus managed to use
cryptocurrency and and and bribe this
organization that's all I can that's all
I can think of all right
so people are not good at thinking are
are having a real tough time with this
crisis oh I say people we're not good at
thinking I'm talking about specifically
to loser think errors one is the thought
that friction doesn't matter then it
doesn't matter if you put some friction
on something if it doesn't stop it
completely well why do it
and so I used this thought experiment
which some people reading it in you know
incorrectly believed was an analogy but
it's a thought experiment you can see it
as an analogy but it's better as a
thought experiment it goes like this if
if all Americans were forced to go into
a hot shooting war where they're
actually bullets and let's say there's
no such thing as the military we're just
all the citizens are going to be in a
shooting war and the government said all
right since every single one of you are
going to be in a war zone
with actual bullets flying around we're
gonna issue you bulletproof vests and
helmets I think what we learned from the
crisis is that 25 percent of the public
would say no thank you
I know I'm going into a war zone with
bullets flying everywhere
but I don't need your bulletproof vest
and I don't need your helmet because duh
somebody could just she'll be in the
neck so what's the point you know why
would I need a bulletproof vest and the
helmet in a war zone if somebody could
just shoot me in the vest da da so now
if you're if you're saying Scott Scott
that's an analogy to wearing masks and
and and doing the smart things during a
pandemic to which I say you could think
of it as an analogy but it doesn't have
to be I just say it's a thought
experiment for you to understand human
beings 25% of human beings don't
understand that friction matters that
reducing your risk even makes a
difference so that's the point it's a
point about people it's not a point
about mass or no masks but obviously if
masks can reduce your risk even a little
bit in a pandemic even just a little bit
of course you should be wearing them
it's the only thing it did as as Brian
Machiavelli on Twitter pointed out this
morning if the only thing it did
was keep you from touching your mouth
during the day a few times it's still
worth it if you have the masks now I
think the real question might be
availability of masks seems like it
seems like the one thing we could fix
you know maybe not n95 masks but don't
you think you could get you know the 75%
effectiveness
you know just fairly good job masks for
the public fairly quickly in a few weeks
a lot of people are making them so I
think we'll see a big difference where
we'll get masks in addition to the virus
crisis itself we're having a major
learning crisis I don't know if you're
aware of it because it kind of flies
under the radar but some my nose itches
like crazy when I'm on camera now and
it's it's literally just an itch it's
it's psychosomatic and I know it is like
I know it's psychosomatic because it the
moment that camera turns off this stops
but right now it's just like crazy it's
crazy so the irony waves are coming hard
now some examples Mexico is paying for
the wall you know in the virtual sense
that there they just move their military
up to guard the border so Americans
can't get in the I don't even have to
say anything about that you know this is
just on my list of the irony crisis it
was announced day that Boris Johnson
tested positive for a corona virus after
quite publicly bragging that you went in
shook hands with corona virus victims in
the hospital and he wasn't afraid about
it at all and now he has a corona virus
there's some Instagram influencer type I
don't know how big she was but it made a
story and in which she was bragging that
she was not going to do social
distancing and she pet tested positive
for the corona virus in the irony crisis
further we have some news that the
southern part of the United States is
unseasonable warm
sort of our record heat for this time of
year that's right the only thing that
might save us from the coronavirus and
I'm not even joking this is this is a
straight statement global warming might
save us because remember with the corona
virus it's not about finding the switch
where you turn it off it's about a whole
bunch of different things that take a
little bit of the edge off it and shrink
it and shrink and shrink it until the
the replication rate you know the the R
factor is below one so if one person
gives it to two people you've got a
pandemic but if one person only on
average gives it to you no point eight
of a person well then that's the
beginning of the end of the the
pandemics remember we're just doing a
whole bunch of little things to try to
shrink that under one that's the game
it's not to get it to zero and I
probably had some point I was gonna make
but I forgot what it was all right so I
think it was yesterday time is really
compressed are you having this
experience that your experience of time
passing is just all all weird now good I
don't even know what day of the week it
is half the time but I think it was
yesterday when I tweeted that the press
needs to tell us today that was when I
tweeted it who makes this
hydroxychloroquine drug the Trump pills
and where did the raw materials come
from and what's the situation you know
do we have enough of it if somebody
making it is it an American source
there's anything stopping it so those
are the questions I asked I'd have to
say I don't have the answers but I have
some information that we'll start
filling in some context there number one
the source the base source for these
chloroquine and quinine drugs and
malaria drugs and I I don't know about
hydroxychloroquine but I think it might
be derived also from a certain tree bark
it's the Cinch o cinchona tree and it
is grown primarily in the Andes mountain
range the stretches from on the west
coast of South America all the way from
let's say start from the bottom and the
mountain range goes all it's a tropical
forest basically it mountains in
tropical forests all the way up to Oh
Venezuela
yeah according to my map
Venezuela unconfirmed but I'm just
looking at the map and overlaying the
country of Venezuela with the the length
of the tropical forest that has the base
source for this drug it's not the only
base source I'll talk about that but is
that a coincidence is it a coincidence
so we just put a price on medoras had
you know the United States just had
twenty five million dollars to basically
bring him in that's usually what we do
before we kill a leader of another
country if we're being honest by the
time we put a 25 million dollar bounty
on him and I think he's being accused of
drug trafficking by time we do that
we've decided to kill him now we don't
know when we don't know how we don't
know what that looks like but the
decision to kill him has been made now I
pray as the president and his advisors
for making this decision exactly when
they did it's a free punch it's a free
punch because we you know under normal
conditions it would be pretty risky
proposition to take out the leader of
another country even you no matter the
conditions it's it's a super risky play
but today is it if you heard today that
Medora got taken out and let's say
America was behind it or even suspected
to be behind it if you heard that news
today how much would you care you
wouldn't write it actually wouldn't even
make it to your your bottom level of
stuff here caring about this week under
any normal week if everything was going
fine
it would of course be the biggest story
it would you might rip apart the fabric
of America really questioning our values
you know is this a strategy what's this
going to do what are the unintended
consequences of taking on a leader of
another country you know that opens a
can of worms it would be the biggest
story in the world except this week this
week we could just go and kill him and
it would be a B story somewhere down
within the column and by the time we got
through the crisis literally nobody
would care so whoever in the
administration decided that this was the
week to basically tell the world we're
going to kill the leader of another
country because that's what we did it's
really good timing
it's like it approaches genius-level
strategy timing I mean it couldn't be
better than this if that's the outcome
we wanted oh my god it's just it's just
breathtakingly perfect that doesn't mean
it'll happen that doesn't mean it'll
happen soon
etc but good strategy but here's the
thing what does it mean that Venezuela
is in part of the zone that might be at
least part of the source that the entire
world probably wants more of these tree
bark and I need a fact check on that
because I'm I'm definitely into
speculative territory here so don't take
anything I'm taking too seriously until
you get some fact checks but if and as
Wella is also a source for this tree
bark and we know that the price of oil
collapsed which is Venezuela's you know
lifeblood what would the what would the
let's say bad actor head of Venezuela do
if suddenly by this accident of the
crisis they happen to be sitting on a
whole bunch of this tree bark that
everyone in the world would pay any
amount of money to get now I don't know
if that's true again depends if there
are other ways to make it which I'll
talk about the minute depends if there's
really a shortage I don't know if there
is maybe it's not a raw material
shortage but if Medora
is even accused of hoarding that tree
bark or you know jacking up the price or
selling it to people we don't like you
know whatever if he's even slightly
implicated and of course he has been
implicated in drug dealing but we don't
know if the drug is it's just a free
punch I'm sorry if you hear that Medora
was doing something that might make the
the crisis worse it's just a free punch
you know he go this weekend you wouldn't
care a bit all right I'm not
recommending it I'm just saying the
timing is perfect
smarter people have to decide what's
what's right here's the other way that
you can apparently synthesize this
hydrochloride roxie chloroquine the
Trump pills
apparently coal tar coal tar and
somebody else said carbon you know oil I
don't know if that's true but somebody
said coal tar could be the base for
synthesizing it now my limited
understanding is that you can yeah
somebody's saying synthetic so the other
thing you can do is make you
synthetically my understanding is that
the only reason you wouldn't make it
synthetically is that it's more
expensive to do it that way than to just
strip some bark and you know do it the
fast way but at the moment and during a
crisis of course economics get turned
upside down all the matters is that we
get it it doesn't matter that it's
expensive because remember it's really
inexpensive it's like $20 for a dose if
you tripled it most people are still
going to pay it and be happy about it so
we can get the expensive stuff so well I
don't have visibility on is how quickly
our whoever is making this american
companies or coordinating with offshore
companies that are working you know for
the american companies i don't know but
we have complete complete lack of
knowledge the public does about what
that pipeline looks like just think
about that think about the fact that
we're in a worldwide pandemic
and the news business can't tell you if
one of the most promising things that we
have in our arsenal this drug if we have
enough of it is there a risk we won't
have enough of it
how fast are they cranking up is there
any shortage does it you know do we have
a raw supply problem are we are we get
up to synthesize that much these are
pretty basic questions now we don't know
that need to know every detail but
wouldn't you like to know is there
enough and the entire worldwide
reporting structure every country every
every political leaning every one of
them has given you no information none
no information on the most what could be
the most important question of all this
which is is there a med that works do we
have enough of it and if we don't what
are we doing about it really if we don't
have visibility on that or or I would
settle for knowing that the news
organizations are trying as hard as I
can to get that information but it's
hard alright if that's the case that I'd
say all right well they're working on
it's just hard I'll wait a little longer
but at this point can't you determine
that the there is no such thing as a
news business in in the in the sense
that they'll go out and find stuff that
you couldn't find out your own at the
moment the news business is just
pointing at camera and our politicians
and listen listening to them mostly lie
to us right somebody said panicking old
man I don't know if that was about me
but I'm gonna block you anyway
somebody says Breitbart has it I'll go
look for that so Breitbart has been the
I think shining star of the entire
episode you know the crisis so far that
I think they've had the best reporting
you know your mileage might differ but I
feel like Breitbart has had the best
reporting so far
so Jack Dorsey and of Twitter tweeted at
the government that maybe we should be
looking at direct cash payments using
the cash app this is a you know one of
Jack Dorsey's products it's a it's an
app that lets you sell you know move
cryptocurrency around now that might be
a good idea well I'll go further than
that we should definitely be looking
into it because there has to be some
limitations to how easy it is to get
cheques to everybody and then you've got
tons of people who don't have checking
accounts what do you do with the people
you send a check to and they don't have
checking accounts well I guess I can
take you to a bank and try to get a
cashed maybe that'll work but it would
certainly be cleaner and faster just to
load up you know load up people's
accounts now the hard part would be to
know you didn't double count because
you're still gonna have to mail out some
checks you know did you give somebody
some cash that should have been a check
so there might be some difficulties in
that but that's solidly in the category
of things they should have been they
should be looked at I don't think our
government has the capability to analyze
that it's certainly not in the context
of a crisis so I think the government's
could act conservatively and that's
probably not going to be on their short
list of things they can deal with deal
with in an emergency it takes probably
takes a little more considered thought
but I also haven't heard Jack's
explanation of it so if I hear more
about that I will pass it along I would
like to speak you on the same topic can
you imagine being in this situation
without Twitter I mean think about that
think about how much information you got
from Twitter think about how many lies
from the world health organization from
your own government were you were first
notified on on Twitter how many things
were just ridiculously bad advice
that you wouldn't have known it was bad
advice until you saw it on Twitter
if you ask me having this crisis with
them Twitter would be a disaster I mean
it's not it's already a disaster but it
would be you know magnified much worse
Twitter probably in social media and the
news business is probably getting people
pretty panicky and you'd have to say
that's a you know that's a cost that you
wish you didn't have but I'll say it as
many times as I have to say it because
everybody has a different panic level
you know we're all very different about
that what is it that makes you panic is
different than what makes me panic you
have to panic 10% of the people to near
death to get the other 90% to do what
they need to do to save the people who
are panicked to death from actually
dying so if anybody has a better way to
get the entire country to move in a
productive way then scaring the out
of 10% of us I've never heard of it
never heard of it so if you're
complaining the social media in the news
is making people panic it's a factual
statement they are doing exactly that
and they're probably ahead of the
problem meaning that the problems are
talking about our future of future
assumed problems they're not even
talking about what's happening at the
moment as much and then when they do is
anecdotal and it makes you thinks things
are worse than they are but you know
Twitter as a tool to protect the world
against some types of risks I think is
proven I think Twitter has proven itself
to be essentially the the emergency
brain of the universe well maybe not the
universe but at least our galaxy and
what I mean by that is during good times
we we aggregate not great during good
times we separate into individual needs
you know I'm just fighting for what I
want in my capitalist world you're
fighting for what you want and your your
capitalist world and you know we got
winners and losers but overall it works
but in an emergency we immediately sort
of
group together and spontaneously formed
a a global brain now I think that much
of that will dissipate as things improve
because when the things are good you can
just you know retreat from the global
brain into your individual brain trying
to maximize your life and your family
and that system works well if we're all
just pursuing our individual needs
during good times but without Twitter we
could not have formed a global brain one
that is far more powerful than all of
the the sum of the parts it's keeping a
saying that's telling us what to think
about it it's identifying the leaders is
showing us where resources are it's
connecting people it's you know if
there's some kind of award for the
greatest asset you know maybe maybe it
goes to ventilators and 95 maths and
doctors and stuff but Twitter's in the
top five the Henry Ford Health Center
put out some guidelines about how to
handle if you have too many people who
are in who are in a near-death situation
how do you handle that now most of the
advice was just straight up you know we
got to make some choices and
unfortunately some will die so they it's
just basic triage medical ethical
medical triage but then they stuck this
sentence in there with all the good
medical advice that was pretty standard
even though it's scary it says this
removing ventilator will not be based on
race gender health insurance status
sexual orientation employment or
immigration status ok did that need to
be said because I hope that didn't need
to be said well we did did Henry Ford
Health Center imagine that they have a
doctor or a nurse
who would be standing in the room and
say you know I don't think this elbonian
is worth much I think I'll take this
take this off and give it to a Nigerian
or a or a Norwegian is that happening is
somebody gonna say you know this person
of the ventilator I've checked their
their citizenship and gotta let you go
it looks like you're a Mexican citizen
was that gonna happen really did they
need to tell anybody this I I certainly
agree with it but the the most shocking
scene thing I've seen so far is the idea
that somebody thought their employees
needed to be told that did they I don't
know next topic we're all alarmed that
3.2 eight million people filed for
unemployment is that an alarming number
you've been told by God my god three
point two eight million people filed for
unemployment my god is that a lot let's
do some math let's say each of the three
point two eight million people who filed
for unemployment now this is on top of
regular unemployment let's say you gave
them all $2,000 per week you know tax
free they don't have to pay any taxes
not just two thousand week that's a
thousand month which would be way above
the average income especially tax free
way above the average income in this
country so this is just a thought
experiment not a suggestion so if you
gave all three point two eight million
two thousand dollars per week you know
for eight thousand a month what would it
cost well it would cost about I'm gonna
round grossly around these numbers but
it about seven billion dollars per week
or $28 $28 per month and let's say we
ran this for three months eighty four
billion dollars so four eighty four
billion dollars out of a two trillion
dollar package just eighty four billion
a big number but it seems like a small
number today right 484 billion you could
pay every one of those unemployed people
more money than most of them have ever
made in that three months and you
wouldn't even notice it you know if the
only thing we had going on today was uh
we suddenly need eighty four billion
dollars that we didn't know we needed
well we wouldn't like it but we barely
notice it right but it's more than that
is it even 84 billion so let me delve
into economics territory a little bit
more deeply than I feel comfortable so
let's put this in the form of a question
if there's any if there are any
economists out there who have superior
economic understanding than me that
would be most most economists probably
fact check me on this so here are the
things I think are right about this
proposed to trillion-dollar legislation
I believe that they plan to pay for it
by printing money as opposed to
borrowing so that's the first fact check
can you make sure that that's true that
they're not going to borrow which would
raise everybody's debt but rather
they're going to print money which would
raise inflation now the way that works
is if we have the same amount of goods
you know everybody who's selling stuff
in the United States still has the same
number of them but you add a bunch of
dollars into the system then there will
be more people with money compared to
the same number of goods and that could
lead to inflation because people will
say hey you know I'll pay more for that
because there's more money and it just
feels like it's free money because of
inflation so here's my point
inflation is a gigantic you know
civilization ending problem if it gets
too high if it's low it's just an
annoyance if it's zero it's free money
now I'm exaggerating for effect but
follow me on this
if you're in a situation of a guaranteed
recession which we are for the next
three months is guaranteed there's no
question there's are gonna be a
recession just you know mathematically
it's guaranteed who can raise their
prices for normal goods I'm not talking
about you know masks and medical
equipment but who's gonna be able to
raise their price for you know
headphones for the next three months you
know who is selling these little stands
that you put your phone in can they
raise their price and the next straight
months of course not if anything they're
gonna lower the prices to try to get rid
of inventory so in a world which I don't
think we've ever seen this before this
is just the weirdest situation in which
inflation is zero or negative if the
only problem of printing money is that
it might hurt inflation inflation is
zero or negative it's free money am I
wrong or and here's the part that I
can't I don't quite have that the
background to be able to think through
it and maybe you have to do you know
complicated computer models maybe nobody
knows so it could be that after you
passed those three months you'll wish
you hadn't done it you know once things
get back to normal maybe there's still
too much cash floating around is that is
that what it becomes the problem but
check me on this because I don't know if
I may be talking crazy talk
usually I could be talking crazy talk
but just check me on that they're
printing money during a time of really
no risk of inflation shouldn't be that
big of a problem right just check me on
that all right so I'll just put that out
there I would like to give some credit
to one of my disagreeing critics on
Twitter now I've often said to you that
you know this is sort of the loser think
idea here and the idea is that if people
disagree with me usually it's because
there's some identifiable piece of loser
think involved that that there's just
some gap in their understanding of the
universe and I can identify it so oh the
reason you're saying that is because
have a background in economics or oh
okay I get I get where you're coming
from the reason you think that is
because you don't have a background in
psychology or how the human mind works
that sort of thing but when I see
somebody who does actually understand
how things work and does not engage in
looser think and they disagree with me I
stop and say okay what am I doing wrong
this time
so there's one of these situations and
I'm just gonna put it out there not as a
right or wrong but just note it because
it disagrees with me but it's rational
this is the part that's bugging me right
it goes like this and I don't know if
you're watching but this is Robert
Barnes attorney and I would say I know
him
but from Twitter you know there are
people that you interact with so much on
Twitter that you feel like you know them
personally and you forget you you
haven't been in the same room but Robert
Barnes I know to be have watched him for
years talking about Trump related stuff
and he was almost always ahead of the
curve he's on the right side and stuff
he's rational he knows how to you know
pull an argument apart when he disagrees
with me I usually stop and saying what
did I do this time so here's the
disagreement I'm on the side that says
that if we did nothing to aggressively
address the pandemic that the death rate
would be way higher than normal flu and
you know crippling that if you just if
you sort of didn't treat it seriously it
wouldn't be like a seasonal flu it would
be like a really big problem but I also
think that we're doing a heroic job in
the United States especially a heroic
job of assembling our human ingenuity
and resources and changing everything
from the way we think to the way we act
and doing it fairly quickly so my
prediction is that we will also have a
low death rate and I'm the I'm going to
go uber optimist so I haven't seen other
people's predictions but I'm going to
make a prediction that the total
us death count will standard 5000 which
would be less than the common flu but
only because we're working on this one
so hard so I'm optimistic that the death
rate even though the infection rate and
the sickness rate will zoom that that
will find a way to keep the death rate
from climbing so that's where I'm at
it could be right could be wrong because
it's a prediction right yeah we don't
know if I'm right we don't know if I'm
wrong we just know it's a prediction and
we know that I've agreed with the worst
case you know doom predictors under the
assumption that you don't do anything
about it so I've agreed with the doom
people if you don't do anything Robert
Barnes and I I hope I am I can
characterize his argument accurately
because the parts that I understand I
think I understand it are logical and it
goes like this
where are the hospitals that are over
capacity because we should be seeing it
already and and I thought and I
responded to to him oh my god you know
are you watching a different news that I
am how could you not see just multiple
reports of hospitals that are being
slammed and you know bodies are being
put in you know refrigerated trucks and
you know and nurses are panicked and
then and supplies and their they're
piling people in hallways and stuff so
I'm hearing all these things and then
damn Robert Barnes sort of I forget the
exact exchange but he kind of challenged
me to show my sources and at first I was
just mad I was just mad because I
thought to myself my god am I your
Google you you can't see sources
everywhere so I asked people you know I
tweet it I said I'll just settle this
I'll just tweet it put your put your you
know reports in the comments of all the
places that are already just already
becoming you know like morgues and and
you know deathly hell escapes and I
thought well Robert Barnes is going to
see all of these comments all the report
the story is tweeted tweeted Adam
showing that there are hospitals that
are just being absolutely devastated
except that didn't happen what I thought
would happen is all of these rock-solid
reports of credible things that are bad
instead there were a lot of reports that
all had the same quality they're not
even slightly credible or there's a
special case or you can explain it by
coincidence so for example our what does
it mean that the 13 people died in one
day in a major hospital in New York City
well if it's part of a tapestry of other
bad things and they're all confirmed
then you'd say well it's meaningful it's
part of the tapestry of all the other
things that are similar in other
hospitals and yeah clearly this is part
of the picture but you got to ask
yourself have 13 elderly people ever
died in a major hospital and one day
before maybe have have you ever had 13
deaths or let me ask it another way do
we know that this hospital was not a
magnet hospital in other words and this
is just speculative I'm just saying all
the things we don't know I'm not saying
what happened because I don't know I'm
just saying all the things we don't know
are a lot for example if you were in New
York City and somebody was suspected of
having this flu the covent would they go
to whatever is the nearest hospital or
would they rationally say let's take
them to the best Hospital that still has
capacity because they're they're the
best ones for dealing with a specific
problem
could you imagine and this is a question
not a statement
could you imagine that the reason 13
people died in the same hospital on the
same day is that the bad cases were
specifically taken to the same place
could you imagine that if this were
seasonal flu everybody would just go to
the closest hospital 13 of them might
have died anyway but you wouldn't notice
because they were distributed now I
don't know if anything like that
happened
I'm just saying that if I'm gonna take
your here I'm being devil's advocate to
my own argument I'm gonna take robber
Barb's point of view and say does it
hold up all right did it hold up against
that piece of evidence and the answer is
yes it held up not in the sense that I
know what's going on there it held up in
the sense that I don't know what's going
on there so that's not confirmed to be
evidence of anything it's just a thing
that's not explained so point four
Robert Barnes all right let's go on
Robert barn I also said you know we've
never seen hospitals being pushed as
hard as they are that we're already I
said we're already over capacity at
hospitals so the question so the you
know the debate is over right you don't
have to wonder just look to a trabber
Barnes responds with an article with
source showing that in 2018 hospitals
were building tents and emergency
expanding just for the regular flu did
you know that and now I say to myself
okay so that does look a lot like this
doesn't mean Robert Barnes is right
doesn't mean my view of the world is
wrong but it's a good point right if I'm
gonna be honest that's a fair point
so we can't tell by looking at it today
because they're a little bit too much of
the special cases going on and we also
know that I don't know 99% of hospitals
based on lots of anecdotal reports I got
yesterday most hospitals don't yet have
a crisis and they've cleared their
schedules and got rid of their the
unnecessary or the elective surgeries so
most hospitals are just twiddling their
thumbs and trying to make sure that
they're ready in case something happens
so but it's early right
and then also pointed out that China
South Korea and Japan seemed to have
bent their curves
meaning that the curve is bendable all
right so we know that we can bend the
curve I don't know if we have good
enough visibility about why some people
say it's facemasks I think that's a good
hypothesis might be the culture yeah
maybe there's not as much kissing on the
cheek in Japan because there isn't it
could be that there's simply more
compliance you know maybe Americans are
just you could be that Americans are
just gonna say screw the government I'm
going outside anyway I'm gonna I'm gonna
go to the concert anyway that would be a
very American thing to do and not a good
way whereas in Japan you know if we
learned anything from the end of World
War two
it looks like the population in Japan is
very you know leader friendly meaning
when the leader tells them to do
anything they seem to comply how much
difference does that make in South Korea
China maybe the same thing and in China
maybe we have questions about the actual
data all right so here's the bottom line
robber Barnes your your movie exists
intact meaning that your your view of
the world your filter on the world
cannot at this point you know today with
what we know that movie is still fine
there's no debunking data and I will let
me just say as clearly as possible I
agree with you that your hypothesis that
this is all overblown and wouldn't have
been much more than the regular flu is
still alive I still disagree with it
completely and the reason I disagree
with it completely is that the people
who have been most right still say okay
if we didn't do a lot to stop this we're
still gonna be in trouble so I'm still
I'm still biased toward the experts and
biased toward the people who predicted
right so far but that doesn't mean
Robert Barnes is wrong I think we should
act as though he's wrong to get a better
result he would disagree with that I
think
but so at the moment two movies still
alive I think
mine will be the winner but here's the
fun part when it's all over if what
happens in the end is not many people
died we will argue forever if it were if
it was because we did such a good job or
it was because it was a mass hysteria
and it was never that big a problem in
the first place we will never know and
that's where we're having for all right
there's big news about representative
Thomas Massie the Kentucky apparently he
is the one holdout against a voice vote
now I don't know too much about the
rules of the house but this is what I
think is right that the house can call
for an in a unanimous consent meaning to
get to yes without an actual vote where
he account everybody's vote now you
would do that in the situation where you
don't expect disagreement and you don't
need to take the time to do the vote and
you don't need to get on record about
who is for it and against it so even the
people who would want to vote against
something if they know they're gonna
lose sometimes for unity and also to
hide their vote they might say well
let's just agree as unanimous it looks
like it only takes one person to to ruin
that plan and that one person has
emerged so a representative nací from
Kentucky is concerned about the
legislation having you know pork and
unnecessary things and also also
calculated on Twitter that would cost
seventeen thousand dollars per person in
debt now here's one of those small world
stories you know I keep telling you that
my experience is just absolutely bizarre
because that the entire size of the
planet for just my personal experience
it has just shrunk it feels like if
somebody's in the news I can just talk
to him you know somebody will be
headline news today and I'll just say
huh I think I'll send them a message and
they'll get a message back from the
person who is the most important person
in the world and I think that that just
happened did I just send a message to
the most important person in the world
got a I got a reply and you know 39
minutes that's happening massively all
over the place it's not just me your
your ability to connect to your
government representatives is amazing
right now
I mean we'll never be able to we'll
never be able to completely you know
know what difference that made and how
helps but or in maybe it won't last but
at the moment you can really get a hold
of people in a crazy way so to find out
my story Twitter suggests people to
follow and I happen to notice that
representative Massey was suggested as
somebody to follow probably because I
was reading the hashtags about him and I
looked over and I noticed that he
follows me on Twitter so I thought well
what happens if I follow him back I'll
just send up a DM and give him my
opinion see what happens so this morning
I followed him on Twitter you know on
wall I'm reading the headlines about him
I send him a message they got back to me
and I don't fifteen minutes in 15
minutes the most important person for
this story in the country right now for
the biggest the biggest factor in the
world right now is this bill the person
who's the most important person on it
got back to me on Twitter in 20 minutes
now you should be happy about that right
that doesn't mean you agree with them
disagree with them don't mean the
government does everything right but man
when your citizens can get to somebody
in 20 minutes in the middle of a crisis
and get a legitimate personal response
we're doing something very very right
and again credit to Jack Dorsey and the
founders of Twitter for making this even
possible so let me just tell you what I
told them so I sent him a DM and I said
this I said representative Massey the
entire country agrees with you that the
relief legislation is flawed I think
that's fair right
don't you think Republicans and
Democrats all agree that this thing is
flawed and I said but given the
psychology of the country we need fast
action on a
odd plan far more than we need a
principled stand so I don't disagree one
bit with his disagreements I only weigh
the priorities different that we need
fast action for the psychology of the
country as well as the the pocketbook of
the country even if it's not perfect and
then I said the following my limited
understanding is that we were printing
money for this not borrowing so remember
he did the calculation of seventeen
thousand dollars per person we would owe
so I said we're printing money not
borrowing and when inflation is this low
and the current downturn makes it
impossible to raise prices on most goods
that printed money is closer to free
because it won't cause inflation it's
the only time in the world that would
ever be true I can't think of any other
time you could print that much money and
still be sure it wouldn't necessarily
cause inflation in the short run Amy and
so he responded back to me said he's
been following me for a while and and
apparently he watches these periscopes
so representative masse if you are
watching this a lot of respect for you
for your opinion and a lot of respect
for you for getting back to you know a
member of the Citizens Wetty
who had a genuine concern so thank you
for the thank you for that and he got
back to me and he said he appreciated my
perspective and thanked me for reaching
out and that's all I would ask right you
know nobody nobody's asking they're
government officials to change the mind
on the spot make a new decision you know
nobody's gonna ask him to change his
mind just because he got a DM but I know
he heard me I I know he heard me and his
response acknowledges that and I I can't
say enough about how encouraging this is
about human beings in who we are and how
we're going to act in a crisis right so
we got lots of bad examples but
everyone's well you get a good example
so credit to representative Massie I
would like I would like to see you get
past this in whatever way maintains your
principles all right let's save the so
it looks like the government is
preparing some kind of a geographic
based plan for taking people back to
work I've got a big question about this
it does and I would I'll say that this
is short of an opinion because I still
have a little gap in my thinking maybe
you can fill it in it goes like this
compare these two plans one plan is to
say okay this county hasn't had much
problems and yeah I know that people can
drive in and out of the kind of County
so they might have some problems if they
open up but we're going to open it by
geography and then you know play it by
ear I suppose you could close them back
up if you got a problem so that's the
plan and it has the advantage of
simplicity so it's got that but let's
compare it to an alternative plan that
I'm going to describe right now instead
of making it a geographic decision could
you not make it individual and could you
not make a simple checklist which you
ask people to adhere to knowing that not
everybody will you know that's the
nature of people not everybody is going
to adhere to even a law much less a
guideline but suppose the government
said this we're gonna we're gonna test
you for a genetic risk we can do it
fairly quickly and if we find that you
are a low genetic risk and I think we
can determine that that's that's an
unknown but highly highly likely that we
could start testing people who had a bad
outcome test people who had a good
outcome and I think we'd find a reason
in their genes we could do that fairly
quickly we've got lots of resources to
do that let's say that we find out what
the correlation is but you've also let's
say you've got a 23andme and you can
just download your data bounce it
against it and find out why your risk is
I don't know if that'll work but there's
a good indication it might so that's
just one idea so suppose
you could say all right all right no
matter what geography you're in if
you've gone through this process of
actually chest testing your DNA against
you know the known risky DNA and you
look low-risk
maybe you could go back to work even if
you're in New York City now again I'm
speaking hypothetically somebody who
knows these risks better we'd have to
talk to it but I'm giving you a
framework for a decision based on
individuals the other thing is you could
just say you you know the moment you
have enough of this hydroxychloroquine
so that the doctor can hand them out
like M&Ms to anybody who has a who has a
sniffle could we not sensei then if you
have a subscription if you have if you
have if you're in a place that has a
good supply so let's say we know New
York City has a good supply of this drug
I don't but let's say we did know that
we probably can know that you could say
well if you're young and you have you
have access to it you're in a place that
isn't in shortage you could go back to
work
because the worst case is you get it
you've got to you've got to keep
yourself away from other people for a
while suppose we say it also depends on
your job there are some jobs that are
physical separation all over the place
by their nature if you're a truck driver
and the only contact you have is on both
ends of the you know the pickup and the
drop-off how hard would it be to modify
the pick off and drop off so that it's
not a risk you know just people stay
away or it's just one guy on a truck
lift and when he's doing his work you
you back off and stay away wouldn't
there be lots of jobs where you would be
willing to certify that you're not going
to be within six feet of anybody no way
and you'll just make sure you do it
could that not be at least on a
voluntary basis a criteria so here's the
thing men maybe it could also be based
on availability of gloves and masks
suppose you say I'm 25 years old
I have an n95 mask it's two weeks from
now you know we don't have them enough
of them now but those sides two weeks
from now I've got a mask
I'm a certain age I'm healthy no
underlying conditions that I know of and
I've got a job where I'm not going to be
within six feet of people can't I go
back to work
can't I so somebody's asking me to block
them can do I don't know why but I'm
sure you had a reason so these are just
a sample of ways that we could decide if
an individual is now would people who do
not meet these criteria say well I need
a paycheck so even though I don't quite
meet these criteria I'm gonna go out
there because lots of people are going
to work and maybe nobody'll notice and
what that happened yeah that would
happen but remember you're not trying to
get the infection down to zero that's
not the goal I mean we'd love that but
the immediate goal is to get the
infection rate of spread below one you
know one person gives it to fewer than
one people fewer than one people is that
even a sentence fewer than one person so
I think that some amount of social
pressure whistleblowing and maybe the
police tapping you on the shoulder if
it's obvious you're congregating and
violating there may be enough social
pressure and you know government tapping
you on the back that could reduce the
number of people who are just being
stupid and violating the guidelines
probably to a lower number
I mean look look at what happened when
they said close everything when the
government's had just closed everything
that's non-essential it worked right it
didn't happen on day one but didn't it
work there's I don't think there's a
restaurant that's open in an area where
they're supposed to not be open so you
can get compliance so I think that's a
mistake if the only thing they do is by
geography you should be geography but
also individual risk I don't know that
we have enough mass genetic tests
you know home tests for easy tests so I
don't know enough hydrochloric weaned so
we may not have enough assets to judge
on an individual basis yes that might be
phased too but wouldn't you like to hear
that a phase two is coming like you I'd
like to hear dr. Burks say the best we
can do in our current situation is there
are some counties that can open your
state will decide that would be cool for
the first thing they tell us but I'd
like to hear very very soon after that
we don't know yet but what we're working
on is some kind of a deal where if you
if you meet this checklist you to
individually can go to work in some
cases no matter where you are because
New York City has to run also right so
that's what I want to see for my
government let's see let's see if it
happens
oh that's about as much as I want to do
down ah and I will let's say just make
sure I talked about everything I want to
do hold on hold on hold on yeah I think
I did that's it for now I'll try to come
back at the same time in the p.m. for a
simultaneous swaddle and a nice warm
blanket everything's going in the right
direction even if it doesn't look like
it Americans are winning humans are
winning and we will win so let's keep it
up