I'm pom pom pom pom pom hey everybody
come on in grab a seat yeah it's time
for a coffee with Scott Adams luckily
that's me you came to the right place
cuz that's what you're looking for even
if you didn't know it so before we get
going here before we start the best part
of your day I know what you need you
need a cup or a mug or glasses Stein is
jealous of tanker to thermos Alaska
Cantina Crale a goblet of vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid
I'm partial to coffee let's go for that
simultaneous epic journey now for the
dopamine yet that makes the rest of your
day
great go oh so I updated my phone I got
myself a nice iPhone 11 the max and I
usually skip a few new phones I don't I
don't get the new phones as it comes out
I usually skip a few generations so I
actually skipped from the phones that
require you to put your fingerprint on
to the phones that recognize you by face
and I gotta tell ya it really sort of
changes how you feel about your phone so
now that I no longer need to put in any
kind of password don't you need to use
my thumb my phone is basically aware
that is part of my body in a sense
because when it's near me like my car
does if I have my key in my pocket
I come here in my car and the the accent
lights come on my car knows when I'm
near it which is freaky but now my phone
does so I pick it up and look at it and
it comes alive because it knows who I am
and and here's where I'm going with this
you've heard of something called the
singularity
now the singularity is what all these
smart people are afraid of people like
Elon Musk are afraid that someday
computers will get to the point where
they're so smart that they can program
themselves that they'll go from
something like humans program to be
predictably what we want them to do to
something that will that will learn on
its own and program itself and it will
almost instantly become you know nearly
omnipotent because the computers will
will have such capability that no human
could be a competitive species now
here's the thing I believe that that day
is coming when computers will be able to
learn and increase their own knowledge
and connect to other computers and learn
everything that's ever been learned so I
think that's going to happen here is why
I'm not as afraid as some people I
believe that by the time we get there
the difference between human and
computer will largely have vanished
yeah.a didn't see that coming did ya
that's right I'm not worried about the
computers becoming sentient and wiping
out people because at about the same
time they become sentient they will
actually be people so I think by then we
will have done an experiment in which we
can move your consciousness into a
machine and that here's the fun part
imagine if we could map your brain and
move your consciousness into a machine
and have the machine run for a little
while have some experiences on its own
and then could you put those memories
back in the person I'll bet we can
someday one way or another so I think
that we're going to lose this
distinction between a cold lifeless
machine and a human who has this spark
of life and a divine soul once we
realize that the computers can do
everything our divine soul can do we
might not believe in
divine souls so much so I'm not worried
about the simulation because I think
humans and computers will emerge into a
combined species and by the time there
is such a thing as computers that can
learn and become infinitely smart so
will i I will be a human who is part
computer you know that the guts of my
phone will become more and more
integrated with Who I am
whether whether I'm connected to it or
not it'll be part of who I am and the
moment all computers become sentient so
too will that part of me so humans are
never going to give give stuff away to
computers because we will be computers
for all practical purposes so that's my
prediction you may have seen that in the
news that Jordan Peterson checked into a
rehab facility now I have a lot of
feelings about that strangely enough one
we wish him well apparently he got on
some benzos klonopin I think it was his
wife had a some had some cancer and
things got tough and he got an addiction
but he's getting help so here are the
things I would say about Jordan Peterson
if if ever there were somebody in the
world that you thought had had his
figured out you know I'm talking about
life like how to do life right it felt
like you should have been him because
he's literally the most productive
advisor of how to live off anyone on
earth at this moment you know Tony
Roberts has his own own deal but in
terms of someone describing to you what
life is all about describing to you how
to live it well he's literally probably
the most famous living person for
telling you how to do things right
and he got addicted and you had to go
into rehab so here's what I take away
from that people need to understand that
addiction is not a choice in the normal
way that we think of choice
that once once the addiction becomes who
you are in other words once you've added
a certain type of addictive chemical to
your body you're no longer a person who
takes drugs you are a person who is part
drug that's who you become so if the old
Jordan Peterson could have said no to
drugs once he took them presumably
thinking they were it was a temporary
situation once he took him he became the
drug so it would not be fair to say hey
Jordan Peterson you're so good with your
advice for other people why don't you
just you know toughen up and stop taking
those drugs doesn't really work that way
it doesn't work that way he's not a
person who takes drugs he is a person
who is part drug he's part chemistry and
that chemistry includes the drug now
that's who he is now he has to become a
different person and that's what he's
working through so I have only positive
feelings about this weirdly it's it's
tragic
in a number of ways he's working through
it but we wish him the best he probably
has the strongest signal to noise ratio
of anybody ever gonna watch I was just
watching one of his videos for maybe the
third time you've probably seen it this
video where somebody asks him a question
about climate change and he starts
slowly and then he sort of gets he gets
up to speed and it's sort of
breathtakingly smart I guess I don't
know another word to put on it and I say
smart not in a way that it's gonna be
you know intellectual conversation but
rather he simply breaks down the topic
in a way that people don't break it down
so you can kind of see the landscape the
way he describes it you go oh okay I'm
starting to see it now the way you're
describing it so here's the thing
but Jordan Peterson is one of the most
useful people in the universe meaning
that when he talks and people listen to
it they become better people it actually
is that powerful
and you've seen lots and lots of people
who have said he's influenced in one way
or another but now he's doing it again
certainly this is not a path he would
have chosen one assumes but because he
he's sort of publicly confessing his
addiction and then he's doing the the
thing that you need to do which is get
help he is once again becoming a role
model for people who may think well do I
have a weakness or you know what's going
on
Jordan Peterson was a you know a rich
successful smart capable guy who knew
exactly the risks of the drugs he knew
exactly he knew exactly the risks before
he put them in his mouth he's not he's
not a tourist he noticed the landscape
did it anyway so that should tell you a
lot about the nature of addiction for
those people who people are always
telling me hey it's not China's fault
for shipping us fentanyl it'll people
just have to stop taking it well you
know that when you say that it shows
that you don't know what addiction is
nobody intentionally gets addicted
nobody makes a choice to become an
addict maybe somebody does but it's
pretty rare all right I wanted to get
back to my phone so I have the
experience when I open my phone you you
all know this to be true that Apple
makes a big deal about their packaging
and they make the experience of opening
up your new product your new iPhone a
sensual delightful experience and you
don't realize how delightful it is
unless you do what I did which is I
bought some accessories you know a
screen you know screen protector and the
case so I had three things to open one
was the iPhone case and then the two
other products I just mentioned I'm
opening the iPhone I first I take it on
this box it's just like this nice solid
soft I mean actually feels good the box
and I'm seems to be covered with selfie
and I'm thinking ah Apple have you made
a cell fame
cover thing am I gonna have to get
scissors to get through this and then I
notice now there's a little little
cellophane tab you just pick it and it
goes yeah just this nice feel and sound
as it comes off the box then the box is
you know naked and you've got to take
the top from the bottom and the top is
as deep as the box and you start pulling
it up and you feel the Box just sliding
over the bottom like I swear to god it's
a sensual experience and I take it out
and I see my phone and the phone is
beautiful you know the design it's a
marvel of engineering and I don't know
if there were even any directions in
there maybe like one sentence of
directions or something had a load you
new phone and it's all I needed
all right now that was my iPhone
experience right at the same time I got
these other two packages so I'd pick up
the first package and I'm like well
let's see how hard it is to get into
this and I can't I ended up chewing
through the package like a
beaver with my fingers not my teeth like
I think I ripped off an inch by the time
I'd opened the second package which was
as bad as the first I hated the
companies I hated the company so I
barely paid attention to it was because
I didn't want to have somebody specific
to hate Apple seduced me my first
impression with his phone was so
positive that I feel like I can forgive
it for any future errors which it might
have that's why Apple is a genius
collectively and other companies are not
so they gave me that good first
experience and it was just amazing and
then these other words I had to actually
chew through the packaging until I hated
their freaking guts I just one of those
companies that died and that was my
first impression of the product then I
put on my case so I just ordered a
random case at the same time I was
getting the phone and didn't really
think too much about it
in the first case not this one the first
case was a clear plastic and I thought
I'll get a clear one so I can see my
phone better but the clear one is also
slippery who makes a phone case the
slippery like I would try to set it up
you know leaned it against something and
it would just go Boop and I'm thinking
are you freakin kidding me
you make phone cases and you never once
saw what would happen after you put it
on your phone it's completely useless so
of course I had to buy a new one which
is this one which has a rubber case so I
can set it up and it won't slide down on
the table anyway that's the difference
between good design and bad design on
Monday Dilbert is gonna look a little
bit different in your newspaper and
you're gonna say to yourself
wha what's going on why does Dilbert
look completely different it's gonna
look different for a week because I have
a guest artist that's right Jake Tapper
of CNN is my guest artist for one week
we did this once a couple years ago but
we're doing it again and we're doing it
for charity now before you say hey he
works for CNN I don't like that Network
let me tell you that it's for a Veterans
charity specifically homes for our vets
and what they do is they find homes they
facilitate in variety of ways for the
the most severely wounded veterans so
these are the people who really need a
special kind of a home and have a they
have a need for some help so I would ask
you to for the sake of the veterans to
put aside any you know any political
feelings you have about who's on what
side or whether you agree with CNN or
Fox News or any of that let's let's show
the better part of being human which is
Jake and I are working on this to try to
see it's in his Ford auction the
publicity this week will tell you if you
want to bid on so you could buy Jake's
original art along with the the sign the
sign to fight all the way around he'll
sign it and I'll sign it as well
I'm having it framed right now so we're
getting those together yeah and then
we'll put them up for auction anybody
who wants to bid on them the money will
go to a very deserving veterans
organization now we have not announced
this yet by the way so I'm saying it I'm
saying they're here because I saw one of
the local newspapers announced it just
so the readers didn't get surprised and
complain so it's sort of out there a
little bit
we'll start our publicity for that
tomorrow but look for that and you might
like it I'm having this online
conversation with 3d gun advocates
advocates not just people were talking
about it I guess one of them is an
advocate who's doing 11 3d gun making
and the conversation online on Twitter
goes like this guy says I can totally
make a gun with my 3d printer somebody
else says no you can't that's not a
thing you fired a few times and it'll
melt down and and I can't take it then
the guy who says I could make a gun with
my 3d printer post a video of him
shooting one of the many guns he's made
on his 3d printer and it looks like it
works pretty well
now when I say three-peat 3d printed gun
there apparently there's still some
components which you have to get a
different way some people say you have
to get a barrel separately some people
say you can for certain rounds maybe you
don't need that so there's a technical
argument about what is and is not
possible but I'll tell you if you ever
given in an argument with somebody who
says 3d guns can't be made a good way to
end that argument is to post a video of
you shooting your 3d gun a lot of rounds
so so there's definitely such thing as
3d guns now here's the card
reversal part which I have injected into
the conversation what I say is that in
the future because it will be too
dangerous to have people printing off
their own guns I've argued that the
government will restrict the 3d printers
from printing guns or possibly the
companies themselves you know it doesn't
have to be the government it could be
the company themselves now I'm seeing it
right here so people are saying BS BS
you cannot restrict meaning that there
would not be technically possible to
restrict what you make on a 3d printer I
would argue that the only thing only
people who think that you can't restrict
the type of designs on a 3d printer are
people who do not have experience with
technology meaning that they're not
people who've ever worked in software
developments not anybody who's ever
worked in that realm anybody who has
worked in the software development realm
can quite easily see how it could be
done let me explain how the first thing
you need to release on is that 3d
printers in the future will be exactly
like they are now just you know maybe
more capable I'm not saying that I'm
saying that the 3d printers that exist
now yeah you probably couldn't restrict
anything they can just get a pattern put
it in the machine
print it but I almost guarantee that
where we're going with this and somebody
screaming but you can hack it I'll get
to you that I'll get to your bad opinion
about hacking in a moment no way to
control it can't be done let me explain
how it can be done have you heard of the
iPhone probably you have have you heard
of it the app store probably you have
somebody says quit attacking the Second
Amendment I'm gonna block you for
putting a opinion into my acting as
though that's my opinion when it's not
alright have you ever do you know
anybody who has illegal apps on their
iPhone some of you are gonna say yes I
do
but not many right
now compare that to how many people
compare that to how many people have
illegal music you probably know a lot of
people who have downloaded illegal music
probably you've done it too right so
people said to me is have you never
heard of Metallica you can try to
prevent people from downloading things
to their 3d printer but Scott Scott
Scott you can't do it look at Metallica
look at music piracy can't stop it Apple
did Apple stopped it all you have to do
is do the same same thing now why is it
that music couldn't be stopped but Apple
can totally stop you from having an
illegal app for most of you some of you
might be a high-end techy who can do a
jailbreak you you've got some a little
weird app you're running I'm not saying
it can't be done I'm saying do you know
anybody do any of your friends have apps
on their iPhone that didn't come from
Apple no here's the difference music
does not contain code music cannot
change the device it's playing on right
you download music and put it on
whatever device you're playing it on all
the device can do is play it the device
has not changed by the introduction of
the music
it simply plays it that's different than
an app an app is software if you down
saw if you download software to a device
whether it's a phone or any other device
that software tells the device what it
can and cannot do so here's what the
future almost certainly looks like it
looks like and
Appstore for designs for your printer
and chances are you will only be able to
efficiently I'm not saying that a hacker
can't break it but if the only people
who can make a 3d gun are very highly
incented hackers I'm not too worried
about 3d guns because there's always
somebody who can hack anything but there
aren't many of them just like I don't
even know anybody who has a illegal app
on their phone I don't know anybody
chances are I will never know anybody
who personally used a 3d printer hack is
so I didn't need to use just the special
designs that come from the manufacturer
and made a gun guaranteed it's gonna
happen but if you don't understand how
if you don't understand how a friction
works I don't know how do you understand
your world and you see this argument in
every realm somebody will say walls
don't work because there was that one
guy who clocked crawled over a wall one
time to which I say I'm pretty sure
walls work in the sense that it makes it
harder to get over the wall and
sometimes that's all you need you know
how about gun control does gun control
make it impossible to get a gun no but
it has some friction and that friction
could reduce some amount of damage
possibly potentially don't know it's
hard to pay to measure as somebody says
is pretty easy to build your own 3d
printer okay that is just ridiculous it
depends what you mean by pretty easy I
will acknowledge this somebody with
hacker like skills could put together a
3d printer and find their own designs
somehow put it air and make a gun it
just isn't going to be common so
that's my argument that the 3d printers
and let me put it this way
in all likelihood the the printers that
will be the good ones are going to be
made by companies like Apple right
sooner or later the 3d printer industry
will consolidate just like tech always
does there might be three major printers
and you're gonna say to yourself you
know I could make my own and it will be
about 20% as good as the one I could buy
from Apple if I want a 3d printer for
general purposes I've got to get the
Apple 3d printer it will restrict me
from making a gun I'll be okay with that
right if I'm a hacker I'm gonna have the
crappy printer probably it's gonna be
lower quality it's gonna break after a
few few uses it might it might require a
special kind of you know whatever the
goop is that gets printed you can have a
lot of problems with your hacked a 3d
printer so I'm not worried about it all
right
so Elizabeth Warren has pulled ahead in
the Iowa polls
she is distich elite ID but nominally
she's a little bit head Abidin that's a
big deal that is a big deal because
psychologically it's telling people hey
maybe Warren is the one and then I so I
did a little poll on Twitter just this
morning some of you saw it
and I realized that I've I don't believe
I know a Biden supporter right I just
don't know that I know any Biden
supporters so I did a poll it said do
you know any because if something like
20 or 30 percent of all Democrats are
favoring him you think I'd run into one
like in a party maybe a relative and so
I did the survey and 89 percent said
they don't know anyone who's a Biden
supporter and it makes me think that
people are voting for Biden
you know as that some way to beat
but there's absolutely nobody who would
be willing to say it in person I could I
would love to have a conversation with
somebody who's actually following the
news not somebody who isn't paying
attention so he's actually current with
the news and have a private conversation
where nobody else is watching and have
them tell me that Biden is there is
there a guy I don't think that's never
going to happen
because I don't know that that person
actually exists you know obviously
somewhere in the world or those people
exist but they might be so uncommon
you'll never meet one how weird is that
somebody was somebody was mocking me on
Twitter just before I got on and saying
oh there you go again Scot judging the
world by what you personally can say or
a worse side effect and they were saying
they were mocking me for saying that
there's no such thing long time ago I
said this that there's no such thing as
somebody who really is in favor of open
borders and their point being it's
obvious now that there are lots of
people in favor of that to which I say
I've never met one you would have to
have me in a private conversation with
nobody nobody listening in so that we're
not judged by anybody watching us in a
private conversation I want somebody to
tell me that they're in favor of open
borders now now when I say that I don't
believe it's a thing and some of you are
saying I've met somebody or I've seen
somebody in the news you know or this
governor or this so some of you believe
that you've seen these people here's
what I believe I believe you've said
you've you know of people maybe even
talk to people who have said things
somewhat like that they're definitely
people have said things which a
reasonable person could interpret as
meaning that they're in favor of open
borders but I'll bet if you put them in
the room with me and nobody is listening
I'd say do you do you approve of open
borders let's say they said yes what
wouldn't my next question be do you also
approve
of universal health care probably
they're gonna say yes and then I say you
do know you can't have both right which
would you prefer because if you have
universal health care and open borders
everybody at once health care just walks
over the border and guess it then you
can't afford it eventually so it's
guaranteed that it can't work together
you can have one or the other and so
when I say I've never met anyone that as
far as I can tell is in favor of open
borders unless you have that specific
conversation in private
I'm not willing to believe it yet just
not willing to believe that such a
person exists because I want somebody to
look me in the eye and say yeah I think
those both can work just fine
I don't know anybody could say that with
a straight face because some of you have
say you met him but maybe I feel I'm
more persuasive than your and I could
talk them out of it in about a minute
and a half all right that that is oh I
had one more point as I've often said
fear is a great persuader so it's always
good for a politician I won't say good
let's say effective I don't want to put
a moral judgment on it it's effective
for a candidate to scare you that some
bad thing will happen unless they're
elected elect me or we'll be attacked or
one thing or another will happen so it's
very common and we don't think too much
about it because it's just part of the
nature of it's it's the I'm sorry
just read the comments this room you
know what was I talking about
oh here so it's very common that
politicians use fear to persuade but
when I was watching the youth strike
there was what climate strike and the
youth were out there very afraid about
the future and I thought to myself it's
probably fair to frighten and adults if
you're trying to frighten them into
action and you believe that the way
you're you're frightening them is
productive a little bit of fear might be
a good thing I mean it might be an
effective thing I'm not gonna say it's a
good thing but when you intentionally
scare children to get a political result
that's just immoral in my view now
morality is sort of subjective but I
can't see a scenario in which someone
with an underdeveloped brain should be
scared to the point of mental health
issues which is what's happening actual
mental health issues so adults are
scaring children into mental health
issues and promptly not legitimately
because if you add together the fact
that nuclear energy plus carbon
capturing scrubbing machines are coming
online we get a lot going for us and
I've got a pretty good feeling that
we're not going to have a calamitous
effect from climate change so yeah just
everything about that was screamed of
child abuse it really did somebody
saying child abuse in the comments I
didn't want to use that phrase but when
I read it I thought yeah that's that
looks like child abuse scaring children
to the point of mental illness for what
children don't they don't invent things
you know and and then using them as a
tool to convince other adults probably
just about the worst thing you could
ever do you know torturing children for
the benefit of a political outcome how
bad is that pretty bad huh anything else
going on I talked about Jordan Peterson
earlier I'm just reading your comments
now
Wow
who's in charge of his in Israel by the
way is Netanyahu's still there not
paying attention too much probably
matters so I understand that Iran is
perhaps going to suggest some kind of a
peace I know some kind of a deal and in
the upcoming UN meeting do you think
that Iran is going to offer any kind of
a deal that doesn't start with get rid
of the sanctions if it feels like that's
just their starting point first give us
everything we want second we'll think
about giving you something somebody says
teach you something from loser think
well actually I just did I just didn't
label it when I was talking about how
friction always works
it is loser thing to say but there's
that one hacker who could hack it or
there's that criminal who could just
steal a god or that's the motivated drug
dealer who can't get over the the border
wall every time you're talking about the
exceptions you're just in the wrong
conversation because everything has
somebody who can beat the system
but we create laws and systems and
standards and all that because it will
stop a lot of people you know we have we
have laws against what thousands of
different things and it doesn't stop
people from doing those crimes laws are
not intended to stop people from doing
crimes fences and walls are not intended
to stop all people under all conditions
a any kind of a limit on 3d printed guns
would never be intended to stop every
person who could ever make a 3d printed
gun that's not a thing so every time you
argue that and you and it involves a
whole lot of different topics every time
you argue but what about the exception
you're not even in the conversation
that's loser think loser think is to
treat the exception as if that's as
important as the main thing one is less
important and if you don't do that all
the costs and all the benefits you're
not being very productive Oh somebody's
asking Wall Jake Tapper is doing my
comic strip so if you're joining late
Jake Tapper is going to be my guest
artist for Dilbert for the coming week
this coming week I actually asked them
that I asked him I said I said hey do
you think I could maybe read the news
you know you'd be a cartoonist now as
soon as I asked I realized that that
wasn't going to be practical so we're
not going to do that we've that
conversation just ended but I might I
might do it anyway because I could just
read the news here on periscope so
thinking about putting on a suit and tie
and and doing Jake's job on periscope
for one day I'll just read the CNN news
just the headlines and just be a
newscaster for a day but it wouldn't be
I don't know if it would be as fun as it
sounds in my mind so maybe I won't but
you know what while Jake and I are doing
this we're we're we're just gonna focus
on helping the vets just try to do a
good thing and raise some money for them
you put some attention back on them
might be good for them and that's all
we're trying to accomplish and politics
can take a take a back seat for now all
right that's all for now and I will talk
to you later