hey
everybody what a day what a day the news
is
interesting very interesting today so
you got lots of things to talk about
there are hoaxes everywhere it's a world
full of hoaxes we'll talk about all
those but you don't want to talk about
hoaxes until you're prepared
and an important part of your
preparation is the thing I call coffee
or
coffee and it comes in a mug a cup
sometimes a thermos Ain a chalice if you
like you might have a different liquid
that you like better but in any case
I'll tell you what you like what you
like is a simultaneous Sip and it's
coming up right now
all right
so the most fun story in the news is the
college admissions Scandal I hope you've
all caught up with this because it's
just wonderfully delicious
news and the concept is that a bunch of
rich people were gaming the system to
get their kids into uh high-end schools
II League schools and USC Etc and the
way they were doing it was they were a
combination of techniques they were
bribing coaches to say that they were
recruiting their kid they were getting
people to take the kids
SATs uh they were photoshopping their
kids's head onto another athletes body
to to make it looked like they were on a
team so a whole bunch of uh clever and
innovative ways and I'm reading this
news and I'm seeing that felicy Huffman
actress felicy Huffman and also actress
Lori Laughlin were two of the moms who
got scooped up in this thing I guess
were 50 or whatever people and they were
trying to get their kids into better
schools and I don't know about you but
my first reaction to this was when I
found out what these mothers were doing
and the Great Lengths they were they
were taking to get their kids in and and
they were breaking laws they were
breaking laws to get their kids into
better college and the first reaction
head
was I think my mother could have worked
a little
harder it feels like my mom and
dad maybe didn't put in the full
effort I mean I thought they loved
me but it's obvious that there was
another speed they could have gone
to
and I don't know um maybe it's just me
and while I certainly think think that
the the law must be applied to everyone
equally so nobody should get away with
breaking the
law still Felicity
Huffman mother of the
year mother of the
year cuz if you're her
kid you know she put in the
effort she put in the miles she did the
work she took the
risk and did she do all those things for
herself well some people are going to
say yes you know it's really for the
parents because they don't want to be
embarrassed by their kids or whatever
but I don't really think so I got a
feeling that they did it for their kids
you know
primarily
and and so um so that's not the only
funny thing about
this so now that we know that there are
rich people who are getting their
unqualified kids into IV League schools
there's something this sort of a
secondary effect that I realized
yesterday and it goes like
this uh you might know that I disagree
with people quite often because I do a
lot of tweeting and periscoping and I
say a lot of things on a lot of
different
topics so more than most people I'm in a
situation where I'm in a disagreement
with somebody over some topic usually a
friendly disagreement but we're debating
some topic it's sort of the the main
texture of my life is arguing with
people about some
topic and my old way of thinking and by
old I mean before this admission Scandal
is if I got into a debate with someone
who had let's say um lower academic
credentials than I have I would think to
myself well probably the problem here is
the other person I'm not you know I
don't want to
brag but if a dumb person disagrees with
me my first instinct it's not always
true but my first instinct is well I
know the cause of the problem of our
disagreement
it's the person who's not so
smart but when I would run into a
Harvard trained person and they would
disagree with me as they often did my
first reaction would be that if I'm
disagreeing with somebody who has a you
know Harvard Princeton Yale degree my
first instinct was what am I missing I'm
missing something here because if this
ivy league person is disagreeing with me
I really got to check my thinking did I
miss an assumption is there something I
should have looked into better do I have
a logic
Gap but now because of this this
admissions
thing I think the benefit of a doubt is
gone
it feels to me that the accidental
outcome of this is that a Harvard degree
just became a lot less
valuable because if I encounter somebody
that I disagree with whether it's in a
work situation or just arguing on the
internet and I know that they're a
Harvard trained person for example and
they disagree with me and I don't know
exactly yet what the cause of the
disagreement is you know we're just
starting my first instinct Main no
longer be what's wrong with
me I think now the benefit of a doubt
has moved to how did you get into
Harvard that might be my first thought
now I'm not saying that will always be
predictive but in terms of the uh the
reputation of the Ivy
Leagues correct me if I'm wrong didn't
it just go
down
40% you know in terms of just how you
you thought about the IV League
schools you know I always thought that
their primary thing that they did well
is that they would certify that the
people who went there were extra smart
that's sort of the biggest value isn't
it because I'm not sure that you get a
marketly better education from the Ivy
League versus the next level down you
know is your Harvard Education that much
better than your USC your UCLA your Cal
Berkeley is it that much better I don't
think so but it was a better um
credential because it said well you're
definitely definitely extra smart if
you're in one of these
schools but now well apparently that's
not the case the extra smart stuff you
can't assume anymore so they're uh the
brand of those schools just went down
40% just to pick a number all right
so I hear that on Friday there will be
uh thousands of kids all over the
country who are skipping school on
Friday to
protest a lack of progress on climate
change that's right children are getting
political your first reaction to that is
what the hell the children know why are
we letting children manage or even
influence our politics
do you know who is dumb
children do you know what happens when
they grow up they get smarter so should
we listen to the dumbest people in
society to decide what to do well they
also have a an interest so it's not so
much that they're smarter they have a
better idea but they do have an interest
in survival so I'll give them that but
it's always a little bit ridiculous when
children enter the political realm and
you can't you can't Overlook
that so yesterday if you haven't seen it
yet I gave a drumming
lesson a beginning drummers lesson on
Periscope so you can see that in my
Twitter feed and um I think it went well
and I was experimenting with this I was
trying to see if you can give a very
quick tight lesson on something so that
in 20 minutes you could teach somebody
80% of what they wanted to learn on a
topic now I tried to teach people 80% of
what they need to know to get going if
they wanted to start being a drummer and
I I think I came pretty close to hitting
that Mark in fact in about 10 minutes
I'd hit all the hit all the
highlights uh but I was testing the
hypothesis that online school is
currently not as good as regular school
there are a number of benefits of going
in in person and the online um
experience isn't as good
doesn't teach you as well now the
problem is that the online experience
today is just uh essentially turning on
a camera as somebody who wanted to do it
so the main requirement of being an
online instructor is well I'm an
instructor and I want to do it and
somebody pointed a camera at me well now
I'm an online instructor but what I was
trying to demonstrate is that there
would be an extraord orary difference
between an average instructor on video
and somebody who was really really good
at it and with all with all due uh
humility um there is there are a few
things that I have a a worldclass talent
at now it's a worldclass talent
primarily because of practice it's
something I do for my job and I've done
it for 30 years and that skill is
simplifying
and
communicating so finding what's
important putting it in its simplest
form and communicating it in its most
effective form now in theory I could do
that on any topic because it's a general
skill so long as I had enough
information about the topic that I could
speak you know with with some uh
accuracy so I tried that with drumming I
am myself a beginning drummer but I
hypothesized that that would make no
difference because I knew enough that I
could transmit you know just the
beginning stuff that I know to someone
else who was also before that they're
not even a beginner yet but they're
considering it and that I could do that
more effectively than an average
instructor
because I have an extra Talent at it
it's what I do for my job I
simplify and so that was the test and i'
I'd love to hear back from anybody who
watched it to see if it succeeded on
just that level and the level is could
you see that if you had the right
instructor online training would be way
better than in person I hope I
demonstrated that but you can tell me
now it's also true that my startup uh
the interface by whenhub app has online
instructors for drums so you could go
onto that app and you could take an
online of course that's the way I'm
learning drums I'm learning it from an
online um teacher and I just do whenever
I want to and I I pay his fee and it's
it's great all right
um and I remind you that the interface
by whenhub app has a donation button now
so somebody can sign up to accept
donations for whatever art or or
creation they're doing same as patreon
so it's an alternative to patreon in
case anybody's interested in that um
let's talk about
uh I save the good parts for
last all right so if you didn't see this
uh Joel bollock has an article today in
Breitbart which is the thing I've been
waiting
for which is apparently CNN which as you
know has been
misreporting uh the story
about uh about the Charlottesville fine
people hoax so CNN has been reporting
for two and a half years that when the
president referred to fine people
regarding the Charlottesville incident
the the reporting is that he was talking
about the Nazis being the neo-nazis
being fine people that is fake news it
never happened he was very clearly and
he clarified it when people asked
talking about the people on both sides
of the statue question not the Nazis he
specifically excluded them from the fine
people category but it turns out the CNN
had previously reported that he was
referring to the Statue issue with the
fine people and not the racists so in
other words CNN has on their own news
site reported opposites one that he was
clearly you there's they have one
article that says he was clearly talking
about people on both sides of the statue
controversy and then there's every onair
host who says exactly different story
that he was talking about the
neonazis
now now it's
confirmed that they know they're doing
it all right so it's no longer in
question whether it's
accidental uh likewise uh both Joel
poock at Breitbart and I have been
making enough noise about this and other
people have tweeted it you know it's got
all kinds of attention and we asking CNN
directly and indirectly to to comment
how did they explain the fact that
they've reported it accurately and then
they also report it
inaccurately they have to kind of pick
one which which one is the accurate
story or or what is the reason they're
reporting it inaccurately or at least
issue a correction or an apology or
whatever but what kind of response do
you think we've gotten so far
if you guessed zero you'd be right do
you see CNN uh just having a
masturbatory uh ecstasy over the whole
Tucker Carl Carlson
situation do you think CNN is shy about
punching back at their
critics they are not shy about that at
all in fact it's it's one of their one
of their favorite things to do is point
out when they're critics are wrong or
overreached or ridiculous or the critics
did something 10 years ago that they
think is inappropriate
today they love punching back it's it's
a pretty important part of the business
model right you have to punch back you
can't let other people Define you but
undefining the hell out of them so is
Joel and we're making a clear case and
they're just ignoring it now what did I
tell would happen so those of you who
watch my periscopes know that before I
started this process and before Joel was
was you know hitting him hard on this
before we even did this I told you to
expect no res no response and that it
would be unusual in its lacking in other
words it would be a situation where you
couldn't even imagine they could ignore
it but I told you they would it's
because they have to they don't have
they don't have a they don't have a
choice so the fine people hoax has now
been
debunked by CNN's own reporting on a
story that they
ran at the same time they continue doing
it that's now confirmed so we don't have
to wonder what the facts of the story
are in that sense we have a confirmation
that there is an
intentional uh apparently decision to
continue Miss reporting this and making
themselves the enemy of the people now
when you see this particular Story how
they they're driving the Charlottesville
fine people hoax and and presenting it
as news I think we all agree that that
is the
single uh most
divisive issue that President Trump has
dealt with you he's had a lot of
controversies but nothing quite in that
class and it's just not true it
literally didn't happen and so if you
look at it in that context the the
country is at the you know people think
it's at the brink of a a civil war a
race war or something why it's not
because of what Trump said it's because
of how CNN intentionally now we know
it's intentional misreports
it
um so think about that if that doesn't
make you the enemy of the
people what does they actually are
attacking the citizens of the United
States it's a full on Attack on the
citizens of the United States how in the
world can you interpret that any other
way I I don't know any other way yeah
and the the Russia collusion hoax was
another one probably the second most
divisive issue in the country was the
idea that Trump was um was working with
the
Russians today as Glenn Greenwald
pointed out yesterday if Nancy Pelosi
really believes that Trump uh colluded
with the Russians and she also says
which she said yesterday that she is not
in favor of impeachment shouldn't Nancy
Pelosi be
impeached because by her own description
she is allowing Russia to run the United
States that would be her description of
events because she has said
Trump is colluding with Russia if she
doesn't act to at least get the
impeachment going which would be her job
she is allowing in her own words and
this is Glenn greenwald's uh realization
and it's a terrific one she is in her
own words a
traitor or a liar so there are only two
possibilities either she's well I guess
or incorrect she she's either lying or
incorrect about Trump and cusia and
Russia or she's not doing her job to
stop it by impeaching him and therefore
she should be impeached or I think
there's a different process for removing
from office but you you get the idea all
right
um here's a prediction check for you
there are many predictions that I have
made and and I've told you many times
that you should only listen to people
who can predict accurately if you can't
predict you don't know
anything predicting the past doesn't
count you have to be able to stay say in
public here's my specific
prediction and then and then keep track
and if you can do a good job you know in
other words you you don't get them all
right but you get better than most
people then you should give that person
more credibility here's another
prediction I made you're not going to
like
it I apologize in advance for how this
is going to make you
feel because I know you're not going to
like it but I do it because you you need
to track my prediction record do you
remember when we first heard from the
emails of Lisa Page and mcabe do you
remember when we first heard the term
insurance policy
and just about everybody in the least on
the on the right side of the political
world said There It Is The Smoking Gun
the phrase insurance policy could only
mean one thing it can only mean that
they need another way to take him out of
office that if he gets elected they will
use this insurance policy to take him
out what I said is there's no way it
means that
so my prediction was that 100% of the
people on the right had misinterpreted
the
email and what I said
was that uh the reason it's
misinterpreted is because they're
interpreting the interpretation that the
insurance policy was a direct statement
about the Deep State having a plan to
get rid of trump I said that's
ridiculous in part because
FBI agents wait for it wait for it FBI
agents know that their text messages are
not
private there's nobody who knows that
more than an FBI agent an FBI agent
knows their their text messages are not
private and so to me the odds that they
would actually be talking about a coup
by
text automatically made that the least
likely explanation so now Lisa Page has
given her explanation of what the
insurance policy
meant and here's her explanation and I
want you to put this through the BS
filter right the BS filter says that if
there are two explanations that both fit
the facts that you can observe one of
them isn't this extraordinary incredible
hardto believe thing and the other is
completely
ordinary you should believe the one
that's completely
ordinary here are the two
interpretations one is the FBI agents
somehow didn't care or forgot that all
text messages are
discoverable and they plotted to
overthrow the government of the United
States with shic you know with with
trickery by pretending the president had
done something bad that would be an
extraordinary situation
right here's her
explanation her explanation is that they
had the the investigation was
ongoing they had not found any direct
evidence of trump and collusion but they
had they had enough concern to keep it
open you know they didn't know they
would never find anything so they had
enough concern that it was still open
they did not believe that Trump had
really any chance of getting
elected here's the key there was no
chance they thought the FBI thought and
I think that's fair to say they thought
there was almost no chance that Trump
would actually get elected and therefore
it really wouldn't matter much whether
he was colluding with Russia or not
because he was about to become
irrelevant he was not going to become
president
however however in the unlikely chance
that he actually got
elected they better keep that in
investigation open because then it
mattered that was the insurance policy
the insurance policy is you don't close
the
investigation because he might get
elected and if there's something to it
that we haven't yet found and it's
unlikely that we'll ever find something
and it's unlikely that it will ever make
a difference and it's unlikely he'll get
elected that would ever matter anyway
but if all of those things happened that
was their insurance policy policy and it
was an insurance policy for the benefit
of the
country for the benefit of the
country wouldn't you want to know if a
president was colluding with Russia of
course you would if it were true you
would absolutely want to know that right
so she was saying that in the unlikely
chance that Trump got elected and if
there was anything to the collusion and
they had not found anything
it was a good insurance policy just in
case there was something there
completely ordinary business as
usual so my prediction was that whatever
that we would someday learn that that
insurance policy quote was something
ordinary and there it was now some some
maybe most of you are going to say well
that's convenient you know sure she has
an alibi she has a story that sounds
good but I still believe the
extraordinary version of that now
probably the truth is somewhere in the
middle meaning that they were all biased
against the president they all wished
there were something maybe they maybe
they imagined there was something there
maybe they they wanted it to be there
but that's a little bit different than
running a coup and talking about it by
text you I mean that's that's the part
that should make you scratch your head
they're FBI agents would they be
planning a coup by text message I mean
at the very least they'd be using a
corupted you know the signal app or they
they'd only talk about it in person Etc
so I'm going to claim that my prediction
was accurate and I'm the only person on
the right you know I'm not sure I
identify on the right except in a in a
team sense because I I prefer the right
let me say this is I've never said this
before so I'm going to say this you'll
hear this for the first time for me I've
told you many times that I identify
politically left of Bernie meaning
meaning for example I would like to have
you know free college and free health
care for everybody but unlike Bernie and
unlike the green new deal I don't know
how to do it I hope we could do it
through Innovation and you know and cap
ISM that seems like the best play but I
don't even know if that's enough right
so emotionally and philosophically I'm
left to Bernie I just don't know how to
get there was which makes me different
from a lot of people on the left but my
preference for who I spend time with is
people on the right in other words the
people on the right which is most of you
on this Periscope I'm
guessing are just nicer people
that's my experience that the people on
the right are nicer people and that the
people on the right even knowing how
often I disagree with you politically
still treat me better than the people on
the
left and and I I've always wondered why
that is you know why do I get better
treatment from the people who disagree
with me and uh you know some of it is
that there are parts we do we we do
agree on if you like President Trump's
performance then we're on the same page
on that but here's what it comes down to
I think the defining characteristic of
people on the right is that they are
they are rules based people meaning that
if you follow the
law and you follow the Constitution
which I do I like the law I like the
Constitution I like capitalism and I'm
I'm fine with whatever your your
religion is you know it doesn't happen
to be mine but I'm I'm fine with it I
think there are definite benefits to
people who have a religion and they use
it the right way so because and this is
my hypothesis because you know me as a
rule
follower that I'm 100% okay with you is
that right and maybe you can confirm or
deny that so my my assumption is that
people in the right embrace me while
disagreeing with me on all kinds of
stuff
because I
absolutely um agree with the idea that
we need to be playing by the same rules
same Constitution same laws and that we
should do things that make sense you
know you need a system that works
capitalism it's got all kinds of
problems but it works so that's my
hypothesis anyway I don't know where I
was going with all that
but let's let's talk about a couple more
things all right so we talked about the
Charlottesville fine people hoax has now
essentially been solved we don't have to
wonder about it
um there
was
uh let's talk about oh you're not going
to like
this um so I got into a conversation on
Twitter I I saved the controversial
part till the oh no let let me do one
more thing before
I was going to talk about uh lat ter
abortions I'm going to do that in a
minute but I want to get back to a point
about transgender
athletes um I've been arguing that um
there would be nothing bad with the
world if transgender athletes people
born biologically male are allowed to
compete in female sports and when I've
been talking to people on uh on Twitter
I noticed that they they either don't
understand my point or they change the
topic a little and I wanted to just kind
of nail that down a little bit so the
biggest argument against it and and what
I mean against is the idea of having a
transgender Athlete on a woman's team is
that it would be an unfair advantage to
which I say I'm not sure you thought it
out so let's let's work this through so
let's say you have a basketball team
with five starters just to keep it
simple and you've got you know two
different
teams if one of these
players is really really
good is that
fair and the answer is yes because that
would be normal whatever basketball team
Michael Jordan was on in high school was
a really really good team because he was
on it and his genetic makeup is
completely unlike the other people on
the team in all likelihood because you
know he could jump 48 in in the air he
obviously had good hand eye coordination
he was a certain height he had all the
tools nobody could really compete with
Michael Jordan was that fair most people
would say yes that is fair but suppose
this was a transgender athlete way
better than the other people again
different situation it's not Michael
Jordan is a transgender athlete way
better than the other people is that
fair I say yes because it's exactly like
the normal situation the normal
situation is almost every team has one
or two players that are way better than
the other players that's the most normal
situation in every sport so nothing
different right
suppose suppose you've got your two
female um sports teams and everything is
good and then a transgender person comes
in and takes a
spot and because they took a spot a
woman who normally would be on the team
gets bumped off the team is that fair is
that fair that a transgender athlete
comes in onto a woman's team and is so
good that it bumps uh some other woman
off is that
fair
well I say yes
and here's why uh in my school when I
went to high school there was a new kid
who came into town it was a very small
school so the new kid comes into town
his name was Brian and he was
extraordinarily good at sports so the
new kid came in and he kicked one of the
boys off every sports team because he
was a new body and he made every team
and he was such a good
athlete that people like me got got
dropped off was that
fair was that fair that this this kid
could come from another town and he was
such a good athlete that just him
attending the school caused one person
to be dropped from every male sports
team was that
fair well it's exactly like having the
transgender Comm in it is the most
normal situation in the world that
people who have genetic gifts have an
unfair Advantage the transgender athlete
in most cases we would assume would have
some um we'll get to your special cases
like boxing and MMA in a
minute so I would argue
that uh and and now let's take this
further let's say this team has a
transgender athlete and it causes this
team to beat this team every time is
that
fair well no matter what happens no
matter which team wins 50% of these
players are going to be in the losing
team
every time no matter what happens if
these two teams play 50% of the
competitors are going to be in the
losing team now you add a
transgender and what changes 50% of the
people are on the losing team
same so um I would suggest that if
you're talking about you know basketball
soccer Etc that um don't argue with me
that the transgender Athlete on the
woman's team has a huge advantage that's
the part we all agree on that person has
a huge Advantage but it's also normal
there's always an athlete who has a big
Advantage um now somebody said what
about boxing what about MMA where
there's there's a risk of somebody
actually being injured because of the
differences have you ever seen uh Ronda
Rousey who for a long time dominated MMA
in the woman's Division I don't know
much about this sport so maybe I get
some facts wrong here but she was such a
powerful person that she just you know
beat the crap out of her opponents for a
long time until somebody was strong
enough to to take her down it is
normal for the winning MMA fighter to
just you know hurt physically injure
their
opponent now now if you had a choice of
fighting against the stronger athlete
whether it's Ronda Rousey or a
transgender athlete you can choose not
to you could just say okay I'm out you
know this competition wouldn't be fair I
would just get injured there's no chance
of winning so I'm out now that would
make the MMA have to probably change
some rules maybe adjust maybe have some
special matches whatever but it's not
the biggest problem in the world it's
such a a tiny tiny little problem that
do you want to um prohibit an entire
class of people the transgenders from
enjoying the normal benefits of society
because these tiny little problems that
is almost the definition of
bigotry all right so and then um I also
made the point that in tennis for
example um I used to play on a tennis
ladder now a tennis ladder is everybody
ranks thems uh in terms of how good they
are and there might be a hundred people
on the ladder in my hypothetical example
they could be male or female so the men
would be mostly ranked higher the women
would be mostly ranked lower mostly
there'd be some overlap but mostly there
would be a difference in in the the men
would be toward the top but everybody
can only challenge the person who's one
or two levels above them so th those are
the rules of ladder so it wouldn't
matter if it's a man or a woman you
could challenge them if they were one or
two levels above you I have personally
played tennis against a number of women
and and several of them have beaten me
badly and consistently so there there
are two women that I used to play in
particular who could beat me almost
every time uh because they had been
college level players
Etc um did I enjoy playing tennis with
women who could beat me yeah it was
great they were really fun matches I
enjoyed every bit of it as much as I
would enjoy playing against the man no
difference um so so there's there are
sports like tennis in which you could
easily adjust things if you wanted to or
you could just put the woman on the
men's team somebody said what would
tennis look like if you had a
transgender athlete well we don't have
to wonder because there has been a
famous transgender
tennis player Renee
Richards um many of you are not old
enough to remember but Renee Richards
was transgender and played started as a
male tennis player played on the woman's
side and uh and you might not be
surprised that Renee Richards won a lot
of matches but here's the fun part did
not become a number one
player so the so Renee Richards was a
man who played on the on women's tennis
and did not become the number one player
was very good and people were angry when
they lost to Renee Richards but never
got to the top now let's take um Serena
Williams have you ever seen a picture of
Serena Williams
muscles have you have you seen like a
slow-mo where she's she's powering
through a shot and and you can see the
muscle structure and her shoulders and
her
arms it it's
extraordinary now some critics would say
I'm not sure those are entirely natural
muscles I don't know but I will say that
if you're playing against Serena
Williams and you weigh 105 pounds and
you're a typical woman's player with you
know a typical female body is that fair
does it seem fair to you that someone
with a typical you know non-muscular
female body would be in a competition
against Serena Williams who just ripped
is that
fair um so here's my
point those of you who are saying
uh someone who saying that that this is
a torturous I'm seeing the word it's
tortured it's tortured but what you'll
discover is that you can't give me a
reason to
disagree uh if I were to ask any of you
individually I actually let me test this
I'll take I will take
a uh I'll take a
call plugging my microphone so I can
hear you I'm gonna take a call from
someone who disagrees what I said with
what about transgender
athletes and I want you to watch what
happens see if the person can can get
off of it's not
fair because all of sports is not fair
they're they're designed mostly around
unfairness there's always a team that
loses if there's one team that's at the
top all of the other teams are below
it's really a cruel it's sports are kind
of a cruel environment so let's see
let's take somebody who wants to argue
with me and I'm going to pick uh I have
to guess who would be arguing with this
point let's see I'll take whoever came
on last because that means you probably
want to talk about this very
thing so
all right guest are you
there good uh do you have a a comment on
the transgender athlete yeah I mean
you're persuading me but I have one
question I understand about the
unfairness that there's people like
Michael Jordan but the
sports you know they decide where the
hold up but just just for fun yeah
collect your thoughts I'm I'm gonna let
I'm gon to give you a full shot to give
you your point but I wanted to show the
people at home that even before you give
your
point that well I'll let you give your
point then people will see go ahead all
right fair enough why shouldn't a
non-transgender man be allowed to
compete in women's sports I mean if it's
just about unfairness of course it's
going to be unfair for a 7 foot 280
pound man to compete with women in
certain sports but if he's not
transitioned why shouldn't he be allowed
to play play or do you think that he
should
be who who is promoting that idea are
are are you leading an organization that
wants men to play with women I don't see
how that matters I mean maybe somebody
will in the future maybe somebody is now
would there not be men that would like
to do that just so they could
win hold on literally nobody wants that
as far as I know if if if you can find
anybody who wants to do that then it's
worth talking about but the the best of
my knowledge there's nobody who wants to
combine male and female sports
completely so that hypothetical I judge
to be irrelevant because nobody wants it
okay fair enough I mean I can't think of
an argument against that maybe there is
and I'm sure there are men that would
like to do that but you're right I don't
hear about it in public so I just wanted
your
thoughts all right thank you thank you
for that comment appreciate it let's
take another caller so you saw my I
think you're starting to see my point
right that let's take another another
caller I'm hoping it's on the same topic
if it's not U I might have to take a
caller after that all right caller can
you hear
me um do you have a comment on the
transgender
question Scott
Daniel Daniel um
Daniel did not come through
let's did not come through let's
try uh let's try
David
David David David um the reason I
unplugged the microphone is because I
can't hear when the microphone's in that
thing and when I wear this people
complain can you hear me volumes are at
different level yes I can do you have a
comment on the transgender athlete
question yeah I got a couple of them um
talking about a biological standpoint
women's tendons versus men's tendons in
their arms muscular Mass versus stop
stop uh can we can we both agree that a
transgender athlete has uh very large
advantages we're both on the same point
right wait a minute say that again are
do we both agree that transgender
athletes have physical advantages on in
general physical
advantages no no I don't so you're
saying that transgender athletes and uh
people who were born women and stay
Williams argument a
105b tennis player playing at the top
level of his game could take on Serena
Williams no matter what she weighs and
beat her that's my point just because
the way his muscle bones and tendance
are attached biologically period there's
no question that he could
hit if he's physically fit an athlete in
his top of his game tennis he could beat
her no
problem okay and what what's your
point my point is you also brought up
the Michael Jackson or not Michael
Jackson sorry Michael
Jordan uh sorry I just watched that
Jackson thing on TV that was interesting
anyway um Michael Jordan theory that if
a
transgendered woman was playing back in
the day like Michael Jordan was playing
with a all boys team and he ended up
being the best so your two team team
Theory where one team has a transgender
one team doesn't does that make it fair
or unfair I consider it to be unfair to
theer I'm going to delete you for that
comment so the caller called in to say
it would be
unfair that is the one thing we all
agree on so that was what I wanted to
demonstrate to you I wanted to
demonstrate that whenever I argue about
this I start with a statement and it's
definitely an unfair
advantage and then people will argue and
say Scott you're wrong because it's an
unfair
advantage and then I say that's the part
we agree on we all agree it's an unfair
advantage and then people will say but
what you're forgetting is that it's an
unfair Advantage so I wanted to
demonstrate that in the scholar did it
perfectly
because if you don't understand we're
all on the same point that it's an
unfair advantages the only thing you
have to U argue is that Sports were fair
to begin with OR that that's that's an
ambition of uh that that's some kind of
ambition of sport uh there is a level of
fairness that they built into the rules
but nobody is trying to make Michael
Jordan unable to play because he's too
good right so having players that are
way too good is the normal situation
transgender is just more of that all
right if I if I don't have you worked up
yet let's take it to the the topic
that's going to make you
crazy I almost wasn't going to do this
but part of the reason you watch these
periscopes is to is to watch me get in
trouble right so here I here it goes I'm
going to get in trouble maybe like I've
never done before because of the topic
as you know I recuse myself from the
question of abortion I recuse myself
because I don't feel that I have enough
uh knowledge Insight or anything to add
and that as a man I just am sort of a
distraction I would rather support
whatever women as collectively want in
terms of loss because I think that women
have a little more insight more skin in
the game you know there's nothing I can
add to the situation now if you'd like
to give your opinion to the situation
I'm not going to stop you I'm just
saying that um oh thank you I'll plug
back my
microphone all right back to better
sound so my point
was if you'd like to have an opinion on
abortion if you're a man that's fine I'm
not going to stop you or talk to you any
of it I'm just saying that I personally
recuse myself because I don't think I
add but I waited into the conversation
when I saw a question
by Alyssa
Milano
and she was responding to somebody on
Twitter now before we start let us all
let us all agree Alysa Milano is a uh
very vocal anti Trumper I do understand
that most of you have a negative feeling
about her because most of you are pro
trumpers if you're watching this
Periscope but I make it a very serious
rule
that I'm not going to disagree with
people just because they feel like
they're on the other team in some way
all right so I'm never going to do that
if somebody has a good point I'm going
to agree with it even if they're on the
other team so somebody said uh to Alyssa
Milano on Twitter you fight for the
right to kill babies after birth you are
a vile revolting hypocrite so somebody's
accusing Alyssa Milano of fighting for
the right to kill babies after
birth now most of you think that's true
right most of you think that's exactly
what she's doing and and exactly what a
lot of Democrats are doing fighting for
the actual legal
right for a woman to have uh you know to
deliver a baby or have an abortion you
know a day before it was going to be a
natural birth and then just kill a
healthy baby and and there's a belief on
the right
the people are fighting for that right
on the left so Alysa Milano replies with
this tweet and she says serious question
and by the way I think this is an actual
serious question she says please only
answer
seriously and if there are doctors out
there reading this please make your
points in the replies of this tweet so I
would say that she is sincerely trying
to understand this so she's being
accused of something and she's she's
confused how anybody could think that
she's fighting for the right to kill
babies after birth and she's asking
doctors to weigh in so I would say that
so far she is displaying what looks like
sincerity and actually trying to
understand what the hell's going on why
are people accusing me of wanting to
have the right to kill babies after
birth that's crazy right and she goes on
and she says uh who truly believes
Democrats are actually fighting for the
right to murder babies after birth so
Alyssa Milano says basically that it's
crazy to imagine the Democrats even want
that right to kill a baby after
birth now yeah here come the comments so
your comments are going to be oh Alyssa
Milano oh Scott you're so dumb because I
I tweeted uh to amplify her question
because I have the same question so
you're going to say have you seen the
north Room video Scott you idiot look at
the North Room video and if you watched
it once watch it again it says as
clearly as possible that the baby will
be born alive and that the mother will
have a choice of keeping it alive or
killing it Scott is right in front of
you look at it with your own eyes hear
it with your own ears there's no doubt
left he said it in those words as
clearly as possible and and not only
that that uh what was her name TR said
the same thing said it in public said it
clearly you heard it with your own ears
you saw it with your own eyes could
there be any doubt to which I say yeah
there's doubt because the obvious
context was
hospice hospice meaning the decisions
you make when somebody's definitely
going to die so something is if if the
baby that is born alive um and it's
definitely going to die you say to
yourself well do we try to keep it alive
when we know it's not going to make it
because who knows it might be the one
time we're wrong
or just let it die because there's no
way it's going to live so I assumed that
both Northam and uh Tran assumed that
context but didn't state it because
sort of
obvious so when I say it's obvious I
mean a a reasonable objective person
watching both Northam and
Tran if they knew the context of the
discussion would say to themselves oh
obviously they're not talking about
healthy
babies they should be obvious on the
surface that it was hospice even if they
never mention hospice and neither of
them did now it didn't confuse me when I
first heard it because to me well it's
obviously hospice they're talking about
it would never make sense that they were
talking in public about killing a
healthy baby after birth so here's one
of my rules for telling BS from
reality if you have two explanations for
a thing you heard this once before right
if you have two explanations for a thing
one is Fantastical like really hard to
believe like mind-blowingly hard to
believe and you have another explanation
that also fits the facts but the other
explanation is completely
ordinary it's the ordinary one almost
every time and the ordinary one is they
were both talking about a hospice
situation and of course no one wants to
kill a live baby that would be murder
all right so you have two explanations
that fit The observed facts one of them
is just bad crazy that people were
talking in public about killing live
babies bad crazy you you don't even
you shouldn't have had to even dig into
it to know that that was crazy and one
completely ordinary exactly what you
would expect them to be talking about
which is if the baby can't possibly make
it it's not viable you know what do you
do do you do you comfort it do you try
anyway what do you do it's up to the
mother and the doctor so then I ended up
getting into a conversation with uh Nick
cersi many of you know Nick cersi
actor uh director producer I guess he's
got a lot of skills uh I will say that
Nick cersi is uh great at what he does
um I'm a big fan of his uh his acting um
and he's one of my favorites I love to
see him in roles so he got into it and
he he said I should see his movie
gnell and I don't think that quite
addresses the point because that was
about a particular doctor and that's not
really the question I want to know do
the laws that have been proposed
recently say that it's okay to kill a
live baby because that's what people on
the right believe and specifically
people said well the law in New York
that was
proposed would have allowed people to
kill a live baby so I said can somebody
point me to that law that makes it legal
to kill a live human being whether it's
a baby or or any
other and people uh attacked me and said
my God Scott look at the northr thing
look at the Tran thing and I said okay I
get it but understand that I interpreted
that differently and we can settle this
by looking at the the language of the
laws if the language of the law says yes
you can kill a live baby then I'll agree
I just want to see the law right so um
finally I'm I'm getting to the fun part
here there's a fun part of this believe
me so somebody uh on Twitter apped me to
uh fact check org in which they were
talking with somebody who actually is
familiar with the law in New York and
let me read it to you asked about the
rationale for removing the section from
the law so the section that was removed
was that uh there was a proposed law
that a second doctor would be there
during the the abortion in case the baby
was born alive and then the second
doctor would be able to you know care
for the baby in case it was born alive
that was removed from the law so you say
to yourself what the hell why would you
remove a safety
precaution for a baby that might be
saved right isn't that your thought like
why would you remove that precaution
that's pretty fishy unless you wanted to
kill a baby so here's his
explanation this is Justin flag a
spokesman for New York state senator Liz
Krueger who sponsored the new law so
this is the spokesman for the person who
sponsored the law so knowledgeable
person um he said that quote the
requirement that a second physician be
present did not reflect medical
realities of abortion later in pregnancy
nor modern standards of Medical Care and
was legally redundant and
unnecessary now what does he mean by it
does not reflect medical realities
here's what he means because he goes on
he says modern abortion techniques do
not result in live
birth in other words it doesn't
happen now some of you might say but
what about those thing you know all
those stories and gnell and all those
times it's happened in the past it may
have happened in the past
but he's making the claim that modern
abortion techniques do not result in
live births
however however in the great
unlikelihood that a baby was born alive
the medical provider and team of medical
support staff would provide all
necessary Medical Care as they would in
the case of any live birth he wrote in
an email and then he said the RHA does
not change standard medical practice
to reiterate any baby born
alive and so it wouldn't matter if it
was a result of an abortion or anything
else any baby born alive and he says to
reiterate to make sure this is perfectly
clear in New York state would be treated
like any other live birth in other words
if you killed it it's murder and given
appropriate Medical Care this was the
case before the RHA the proposed law and
it Remains the case now
so in other
words uh with modern medical techniques
presumably they can check the heartbeat
of the baby SL fetus and they they don't
take it out until they know it's dead
basically I know that's horrible I hate
to even talk about this topic but it
sounds like the odds of ever having a a
live baby from an abortion is very very
low those of you who pissed off check
what you're pissed off about I'm not
supporting the practice I guess I should
say that clearly I'm not
supporting aide I've recused myself I'm
simply trying to understand what is the
law and what is and what is the false
belief and so it seems that the New York
law very clearly and intentionally says
no there's no situation where you can
kill a live baby and it doesn't matter
what the mother other things it doesn't
matter what shape the baby's in if it
can survive it gets the same care of any
human being it's a citizen the moment
it's born no matter how it's born
cesarian abortion any other way it's a
citizen that first heartbeat outside the
mother that is a citizen's heartbeat and
you can't murder a citizen there is no
law ever proposed that somebody could
murder a citizen nobody's ever ever
proposed it nobody's ever wanted it and
so and I see people say wrong it's
incorrect and so I go to the people so I
I copy this and I send it to the people
who who think that I don't understand
the issue and I say there it is it could
not be more clear than this they
absolutely do not want the right at
least in a legal sense nobody wants the
right to kill a live baby
and um and what did people say when I
showed them in the clearest possible
terms that they were wrong that anybody
who was a Democrat was trying to acquire
that right what did they say they say go
look at that northr video which is out
of context and they say go look at that
TR Video which is out of
context instead of looking at the actual
law and what did Nick cersi say when
presented with the facts that the law
clearly and unambiguously says the
opposite of what he
believes it
says he said that you're sheeple if you
don't read between the lines in other
words that the law very clearly says you
can never kill a live human baby
never and that's been the law and and
any proposed law would keep it the law
but as Nick Cersei and some of the other
people said you have to read between the
lines and other people who I challenged
on this said well sure there may be no
Democrat who says it but that's because
they're
politicians and then I say what about
the people who are not politicians or
I'll even make it easier find me any
human being doesn't matter if they're a
politician a Democrat a doctor a
republican find me any human being a
mother a doctor anybody any human being
anywhere in the world who will argue
that it should be legal to kill a live
baby that could that could live and and
survive and what did people say they
said okay nobody will say it but they're
thinking it that they're really thinking
it
so when you are in a debate and the
people you're debating with Retreat to
you have to read between the lines and
sure it's not in the law and nobody's
saying it and nobody will ever say it
and indeed they say exactly the opposite
as Alyssa Milano just said she said
exactly the opposite do you who really
thinks we want to kill live babies
that's the opposite and people still say
sure you're just saying that because
your true motive is to have the right to
kill live babies and you're thinking it
that is what I call the mind reading
illusion the mind reading illusion is
that you can see people's inner thoughts
and so the belief that there is such a
thing as Democrats who want the right to
kill babies that have been born
alive that is a
hoax that's a hoax and the hoax is
derived from the northr video that's out
of context so you can't tell that it's
obviously hospice the TR Video that's
out of context again the context was
hospice and people not understanding the
law maybe they've never seen it
and people who think that they can read
minds based on people's activities so
they say yeah but you have to look at
what they're doing to try to change the
law Etc gnell is a movie about a
particular person it does not relate to
what we're talking about here if
somebody would like to um summarize in a
sentence why they think gazell which was
one person in one situation why you
think that's relative to this
conversation I I will listen to that uh
but at the moment I don't I don't know
why I'm going to watch a whole movie
about an anecdote because
anecdotes are useful usually
all right
um
reiterating reiterating there is no
condition upon which I would support
even opening the possibility that
anybody would ever have the right to
kill a living
baby so if you think I'm arguing this
because I'm part of the secret society
who who have the you know the secret
thoughts of making it legal to kill
babies you're batshit
crazy now if the argument is that
there's some law in some other state
where there's some
ambiguity I would say maybe maybe
there's some ambiguity in some law and
we should fix that but there is no
Democrat who supports killing live
babies I would say that hoax has been uh
debunked all right uh that was all I
need to talk about today
somebody says what if it's a vampire
baby okay if you have a vampire baby you
can drive a Stak through it but that's
the only time if it's not a
vampire got to let it
live all
right
uh gnell he is the biggest serial killer
in US history hardly an anecdote can you
did you see your own comment somebody
just said gnell was the biggest serial
killer in in the world that's hardly an
anecdote your own your own comment
disproved your point he was a serial
killer serial killers are breaking the
law
nobody is in favor of serial
killers the fact that he was just shows
he was a serial killer so maybe there's
some other point you could make but um
that wasn't a good one
all right that's all for now I'll talk
to you later