[Music]
bum-bum-bum hello everybody
come on in here sorry I'm a little bit
late I know that this may have thrown
your entire simultaneous sipping
schedule into a frenzy and so I'm here
to make it up from to you because all
you need is sing along with me a cup of
Margaret glasses Dinah tells the tanker
to thermos the flask a canteen the
vessels of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee but you
don't have to have coffee you can have
your favorite liquid put it in your
glass get ready for the simultaneous up
it's the best part of the day so don't
be mean hit that makes everything better
oh oh that was every bit as good as I
hoped it would be well later today I'll
be heading off to a recording studio to
start my three-day marathon of recording
my new book on audio called loser think
so feel bad for me because I'll be in a
darkened studio for hours and hours
reading my own book which at least I'll
like the book so there's that all right
let me start with the good news don't
you like news it's just starts with the
good news here's the good news
here's some of the worst problems on the
planet Earth according to the news
organizations sharpie gate somebody
drawing a Sharpie line on a weather map
the president is insulting Chrissy
Teigen on Twitter
Biden blyat blames his contact lenses
for a bloodying his eye I don't know if
he was trying to take his lenses out
with his elbows or how that happens but
that was his story and maybe people are
staying at the Trump Hotel and it looks
suspicious that's it those are your top
stories of the day Sharpie gait Chrissy
Teigen Biden's contact lens and people
staying at the Trump Hotel and we need
some more information that's our
problems in the world here's another big
problem I mentioned this every month or
so but the longer you don't hear about
this the more suspicious I am and here's
the thing how often have we heard since
this president got elected how often
with have we heard the administration
reduced some environmental law or did
something that has an environmental
impact how many times if you heard that
story quite a few times right now
honestly what I hear any one of those
stories I go I don't like the sound of
that
I don't like the sound as some
environmental regulation being relaxed
it must be there for a reason right so
that story will come out blah blah blah
some environmental thing has been
relaxed and it will be a big problem and
then what happens nothing
it just gets quiet now it could be that
the environmental problems take so long
to develop that there's not much else to
report on maybe but is that what's going
on I don't know here's what I suspect I
suspect that the regulations that are
targeted for relaxation are the ones
that the science didn't quite support or
it was ambiguous or it was such a small
impact that it wasn't worth it given the
economic or other benefits they come
because good economics also to save
lives so if you were to read let's say
hypothetically if you were to change a
law on fracking and scientifically and
statistically it looked like doing so
would kill three people I'll just throw
out random numbers let's say that
fracking would have some effect on the
water or something and that over time
three people would die who would not
necessarily have died otherwise well
you'd have to compare that to how many
people live when you improve the economy
because people do live longer better
lives when you can
is put together so here's my question
this is another one of the dogs that
don't bark we hear when the
administration cancels an environmental
law and it should worry us well we don't
see as the follow-up reporting or they
say well it looks like this law will you
know kill three people but the
administration hopes it will save a
hundred because that what they're saying
I don't know
there's no reporting so that's my basic
statement then it keeps getting reported
as environmental catastrophes but
without the follow-up and without the
Pro and the con
you know what's the pro what's the con I
don't know if we'd know anything about
it
so I would be suspicious that let's talk
about the Taliban so I'm seeing some
people pushing back on the idea that
Trump would invite the top the head of
the Taliban to meet with him because if
if you're giving them that much let's
say respect and it doesn't look like
they're necessarily going to stick to a
deal anyway
aren't you just giving them something
for nothing giving them a PR win etc
here's what I say about a Trump meeting
with the head of the Taliban which is
similar to what I said about it meeting
with Kim Jordan which is similar to what
I will say about him if he meets with
let's say the president of Iraq you
can't really make a deal until the
people who can approve the deal are in
the same room if you've never negotiated
it would make sense to you to say well
why can't Trump just send his best
negotiator and if they make a deal then
the president can sign it but he doesn't
need to be there you would only think
that's a good idea if you had never
negotiated have you ever tried to
negotiate when you're not talking to the
person who makes the decision I have
lots and lots of times so I used to be a
contract negotiator when I was in my
corporate world so that was my primary
job for several years
just to negotiate contracts then when I
became a cartoonist I did a lot of
licensing deals and again I was involved
with lots and lots and lots of contract
negotiation so it was pretty much a
continuous process over my whole career
and there's one thing I can guarantee
you if the people who make the decision
are not part of the process you are not
negotiating you have you have the
illusion of negotiating but when
underlings are negotiating there's no
negotiating going on because what
happens is the underling goes back to
the boss and says I asked for X and he
said no what's the boss say okay well I
guess we didn't get it no the boss says
go back and get that thing they said no
and the underling says well I did my
best what am I going to do and the boss
says well I'm not going to sign it this
way go back and get it
so the underling goes back and the
underlings talking to usually another
underling and they can't make anything
happen because an underling will give
fired for capitulating an underling will
give fired for making an offer to meet
in the middle
underlings can't negotiate it's just a
waste of time
now you can the underlings can get you
in the ballpark the underlings can find
out if you're serious the underlings can
find out what topics are on the table
which ones are sticky so there's a lot
of a lot of things the underlings can do
to sort of frame it a little bit but one
thing the underlings can't do is make a
concession and if you're not making
concessions you're not negotiating
you're not negotiating you're just
talking you're wasting time I have
wasted years by having underlings
negotiate usually it means the lawyer
talking to a lawyer on the other side I
wasted I think a year and a half
negotiating with Hollywood with just the
lawyers talking for a movie deal do you
think that deal got done no because if
you have underlings negotiate about
something for a year and they're getting
paid to do it which is the worst case
scenario you don't get a deal you get
more negotiate
because that's what they get paid for
they and they don't have the authority
to concede even if you tell them they
tend not to use it so here's what I say
Trump seems to be the only person I've
seen in the presidency who understands
negotiating there's no such thing as
negotiating unless the decision-makers
in the room so we put the
decision-makers in the room or tried in
the case of the Taliban now what are the
our what are the odds that putting them
in the room would produce a good
agreement not very high but it's higher
than 0 it is zero is what the old system
was gonna get you if you don't put it in
the room no deal gets done now let's say
you the Taliban would you believe a deal
the United States made because you trust
the United States no you would not would
it help to be in the room with the
President of the United States telling
you in person we will do this yeah what
now you're still not going to trust the
President of the United States just
automatically but the way human beings
work there is a big difference when
you're talking to somebody in person
you're looking them in the eye and
you're making a personal commitment it
makes a difference the president knew
that makes a difference so you tried to
make it happen so I would say that the
president is the only smart one in this
story because he knew that it's not
negotiating until you're in the same
room here's the other part of the story
that's not being reported I've predicted
this for a while maybe five years or so
I predicted this that the fate of
Afghanistan in terms of the United
States involvement there militarily is
that we would reduce our forces
eventually to a drone only yeah let's
say drone plus some special forces plus
you know intelligence maybe some cyber
operations to stop but intelligence plus
drones would be what we would leave in
Afghanistan someday now when you hear
people say hey why are we talking about
pulling out
of Afghanistan and it will just
reconstitute it into a al-qaeda safe
house and an Isis safe house right not
if the plan is to leave a drone army
that becomes wait for it wait for it
here's the cool part
our testing spot for all of our future
drone warfare and robotic warfare it
looks to me and it it's obvious that the
United States would not say this as
directly as I'm going to say it the only
reason that we would be considering
pulling out given that I think everybody
knows the vacuum would be filled with
bad people you know I think Trump does
that I think everybody wants us to pull
out knows it would be dangerous because
it would fill up with bad guys again
unless unless we've reached the point
where we already know that our
intelligence and our surveillance on the
ground from satellites and drones and
cyber uses and cyber techniques and
everything else it's so good that if the
bad guys start reconstituting we can
pick up a screen send out a drone and
take out their entire unit without
leaving a desk so here's my prediction
my prediction is that the United States
is not telling its citizens or anybody
else because it shouldn't how good we
are at drone warfare already and how
much better we will be in the next few
years because I think we're reaching the
point where ground troops are sort of
marginally unnecessary you know we're we
would still need to be able to send down
some special forces for some special
cases and I imagine we'd have enough
forces there to do that but for your
everyday hey there's a bunch of Isis
collecting over here and it looks like
they have a lot of weapons I don't think
we have to leave the desk anymore
I think you just say huh looks like a
bunch of Isis guys with weapons push a
button
no more Isis guys with weapons so here's
my prediction the reason that we're
getting serious about moving out of
Afghanistan and the reason that you the
citizens are not getting a
efficient answer about how that will
continue to protect us in the future is
that the United States can't say
directly how good we are at drone
warfare already and I'll bet it's really
really really freakin good whatever
you're seeing in the news about how good
drones are fast-forward that five years
because that's what the military can do
now they just don't want you to know it
so I think the I think drone warfare is
here I think Afghanistan is about to
become our drone and robot testing
facility and we're going to get real
good at it because we will be one of the
few countries who's actually actively
testing that and stuff in a war theater
so watch for that
how hard would it be here's a
hypothetical question for you to build
an AI health system that you populate
with all of your medical information
including your lifestyle choices what
you eat generally speaking what you eat
how much you exercise even more
information than your doctor has so
imagine you were to populate your own
database with all of your healthcare
stuff and let's say that you were happy
that it was protected so that other
people couldn't see it how hard would it
be to build an AI system that could look
at everybody's privately built database
and then when you have a health problem
you say oh my my knee is hurting or
whatever it is and you put in your
symptoms and then you can see what all
the other people who had these similar
symptoms did about it and what worked
would that not be as good as a doctor
fairly quickly because you could fairly
quickly get to the point where it asks
the right questions
imagine if it just did this this is
version 1.0 somebody's saying WebMD but
I think but here's what WebMD doesn't do
WebMD does not have my medical record
so what I really wanted to do is not
know that if I have this symptom it
might be one of these three problems I
want to say if I have this system and
I'm taking these meds already for other
things and on this age and on this even
ethnicity because it might be a genetic
component and I put in my 23andme
database how about that right just link
my length my genetic test to it and I
took a full body MRI or not MRI MRI and
so I can put so imagine I can collect
data about me and my health and my
lifestyle and all this and I can take
stuff from my my devices my you know my
personal devices that are checking my
health all the time I can put that all
in there and just say alright my knee
hurts and have it just say okay if your
knee hurts this is the order that you
would check things right mind might be a
different order from other people who
say my knee hurts because if a fat guy
says you know excuse me for using the
vulgar term for overweight but if a fat
guy says but my knees hurt what's the
first thing you say well in your
situation try losing some weight if a
skinny person says my knees hurt well
maybe you start somewhere else as your
the first thing to check so you have to
compare what are the symptoms what are
the likely things these symptoms
associated with but then connect it to
your own personal detailed situation and
my guess is that you would be as
accurate as a doctor that's my guess and
then it would get there fairly quickly
and that we already have all of that
technology just isn't put together so
that's just a question here was an
interesting thing you all know that
Andrew McCabe ex-fbi person who is no
friend of President Trump is now working
at CNN and you probably said to yourself
that's such a strange choice are they
just doing this to poke the president
and how much value could he had and I
got the answer to that
and it turns out Andrew McCabe can add a
lot of value you can hate him for
whatever you want to hate but you just
did a piece I just read on CNN's website
this really good it's probably the best
maybe it is the best probably the best
piece on gun control options that I've
seen that came from Andrew McCabe
where are you expecting that now I'll
just tell you it's on CNN's website but
the two things he mentioned because he
has deep involvement with the FBI he's
been involved with I guess gun
registration in his job he could answer
in a more detailed level what's wrong
with it here are two things he pointed
out one is that the system is overloaded
so people are getting through just
because their application times out
before I can be really be looked at so
there are thousands of people getting
guns every year who should not because
the the process for checking has a timer
on it if it takes more than three days
for the ones that are special cases they
just get their gun so he's saying why
don't we just add a few days you know
because it's not the biggest thing in
the world to add a few days to waiting
for your special case yeah in other
words there's something in your record
that flagged this special case give them
a little more time what if it takes a
month is that the worst thing in the
world takes a month to work it out so
this seems like a perfectly reasonable
suggestion which I had never heard
before just give them a few extra days
for the special cases most people would
get it right away but they're only this
small group who have something going on
another one has to do with the
definition of what an outstanding
warrant is apparently there's some kind
of law that says if you have an
outstanding warrant you can't get a gun
right away until you clear your warrant
now apparently at some point that been
modified to mean something specific
about your special warrant and macabe
points out why don't we just make it
simpler and say if you still have an
outstanding warrant you
how to get that clear it's not it
shouldn't be the government's problem
to clear your warrant if you have a
warrant for the rest you don't get a gun
if you can clear it because it's
illegitimate that's on you go clear it
and then you can get your gun and I
thought to myself now whether you love
those suggestions or not and I think two
people just line up on what they feel
about guns those are the most common
sense and well-informed suggestions that
I've heard again if you're saying it's
unconstitutional or whatever the Supreme
Court you'll work that out but in terms
of a practical you could do it tomorrow
why doesn't the why isn't the country
debating this these are the two best
suggestions I've seen period so let me
say that whatever you want to say about
Andrew McCabe he had in some sense of
the conversation that I would consider
valuable all right so that's good what
else we got mark Sanford wants to
primary president Trump and I listen to
him talking about it I think he was on
Fox News last night and oh man he has
nothing mark Sanford has nothing I used
just used the phrase I'm gonna mock when
I say we should have a conversation
about when every years the politicians
say we need to have a conversation about
X it means they don't have an opinion
give us your opinion if you think you
have an opinion we want to hear it if
you say the country has to have a
conversation shut up now when I said we
had to have a when I said that Andrew
McCabe added to the conversation a
better way to say that is he added
information which is useful for making
decisions so that's a real addition but
Mark Sanford says yeah we have to have a
conversation about debts okay what's he
having nothing
I don't need somebody to run for office
to tell me to have conversations and
then on every other topic he said the
same thing we got to have a conversation
about this we need to have a
conversation about it nobody wants the
conversation guy we want the one who
says build the wall or give us the green
New Deal
you know those are opposites but you
want somebody who's got an opinion you
don't want the conversation guy all
right so here's the funniest story of
the day
Russia's blaming Google of interfering
with their elections how awesome is that
Russia is blaming Google for interfering
with Russia's elections
specifically what Google is doing is
through their YouTube part of their
business there they're surfacing videos
of protesters so that they're Russian
citizens keep seeing videos of protests
against Putin and Putin wants that to
stop so and I didn't know this but I
guess back in May
Putin signed into law some measures to
enable the creation of a national
internet for Russia that could operate
separately from the rest of the world
that's right
Russia has started to build its own
internet that doesn't reach the rest of
the world so that they can keep
information you can get again sort of
like China sort of like Iran sort of
like North Korea here's here's a
prediction that is both the easiest
prediction in the world and and the most
obvious no country can survive for the
long term with the private Internet and
no access to the rest of the world does
anybody disagree with that statement if
you want to if you want to label
yourself as a failed States you have to
get yourself off of the world's internet
and onto your own private one so that
your citizens can't see anything
it is a sign of desperation yeah in out
where I live in the rest
business if you see a restaurant they
used to be open for lunch and dinner and
then they start advertising that they're
going to be open for breakfast
that's a restaurant that's not going to
be there in two years because the
restaurant that was built for lunch and
dinner it wouldn't try to offer a
breakfast unless they were desperate
because breakfast is sort of the the
last thing you want to order last thing
you want to have because it doubles your
work and it's a low margin business etc
so likewise if you see a restaurant
adding breakfast to their lunch and
dinner you want to you want to expect
them to be close pretty soon and if you
see a country trying to close down its
internet and keep the rest of the world
off it it means they know they don't
have a system that can last that's
really admitting that their restaurant
can't last all right so the problem with
breakfast as a added to a restaurant is
it increases your work load just
tremendously so it's a tough thing to
jam there so usually sign up desperation
so here's the thing technology will
guarantee don't you think this is true
the technology will guarantee that the
countries that try to close their
internet will fail wouldn't you say
don't you think it's a hundred percent
chance that countries that are trying to
penetrate the internet in other
countries will be able to do it one way
or another
take for example cell phone I was
thinking about this the other day I
think this technology exists but maybe
not all right so your phone has Wi-Fi on
it right could you set up a system where
where my phone's Wi-Fi talks to your
phone next door and then that talks to
the neighbours phone and if enough
people are in enough places those phones
can create an impromptu Network so that
if at least one of those phones gets to
the outside world could you
to the outside world I don't know if
that's possible but it seems to me that
yes somebody's using the word mesh here
in the comments could you create a mesh
network of non-state controlled nodes so
that you can get out no matter what the
state is trying to do I think yes so I'm
seeing a lot of people say yes in the
comments I know a lot of you have
technical training so I would guess that
that somebody's saying that exists and I
think I read about something like that I
think I did read about that but I don't
know if that's for very local stuff or
what the limitations are so I would say
the Russia has now signaled itself as a
failed state I didn't know that meaning
that they know they can't survive if
information is freely available to their
citizens think about that think about
being a citizen of Russia and learning
that your government knows it can't
survive the government can't survive if
you have information where that is
unrestricted think about that can the
United States survive unrestricted
information barely barely I think we can
but barely because look at how all the
fake news is tearing the country apart
that's what you get with unrestricted
information unrestricted internet means
that your news turns fake right your
news turns fake like ours did so the
problem with the United States is that
our news is fake and we know it but we
you know we think we are smart enough to
sort out what's fake and what's not
we're not we're terrible at it
but in Russia they're gonna know it's
not real and they're gonna feel they
don't have any option they're gonna look
at the news and say yeah I know it's not
real but I don't know where else to look
because they cut off my internet so I
think everybody's gonna have to go to a
full information in full fake news
because it's going to be the only way to
survive in this tough world so there's
talk about a fake news so the story on
CNN this morning about a report that
says that when Trump first got in office
and maybe who's around 2017 that that
the US had to extract a spy not had to
but wanted to extract the top spy from
Russia because they were afraid that
Trump would mishandle confidential
information and give up the person's
identity and he would be killed or
captured and so they extracted the spy
just in case it wasn't safe because
Trump might give away too many secrets
now do you believe that story
I don't here's here's one test for fake
news now it's not a test to see if
something is true or false okay so this
following test is not a true false test
it's a credibility test it's only
telling you if it's something you should
consider true or false if it's not
credible you don't even have to go to
the question of whether it's true or
false because the the source itself is
like a it could be true could be false
but we really don't know anything it's
not credible here's what's not credible
a report about what our top-secret spy
organization did or why they did it
that's not credible it's not even
supposed to be credible if it comes if
it's a report from our top-secret spy
organization you shouldn't believe that
it's literally an organization of
professional liars whose job it is to
fool people including this country
there's there's no prohibition against
you know continuing to be persuasive in
the way you want just because it's
Americans I mean there are some
limitations but none that would stop
them from doing this sort of thing so
what is the most beautiful fake news you
could have the most beautiful fake news
is one nobody can check you can't check
to make sure it's true so a negative
story about the president that's based
on the claims you can't check from our
most secret or
nation perfect that is perfect fake news
can't check it's believable by the
people who want to believe that sort of
thing but you can't check it's great all
right that is all I have for today
because I do have to get ready and go
read my loser thing book for hours if
you're watching the bill pulled a saga
on Twitter as many people have decided
that there's something wrong with giving
money way okay
but it's been a real clinic on people's
mentality it's been a real clinic on
what I call loser think loser thank you
meaning unproductive ways of thinking
that doesn't mean you're stupid or
uninformed necessarily just means that
you're you have an unproductive way of
thinking about life the most
unproductive way of thinking about life
is complaining about people giving away
their money in a way that's not exactly
the way other people do it or the way
you think you should be done now you
could be right about everything you're
saying you could be right that there's a
better way to do it that could be true
but if that's what you're complaining
about
if that's why you're complaining about
that's just not you're just now part of
the productive part of the world because
what Bill Polti is doing and what I'm
helping him do and lots of others are
helping is we're experimenting to see
what it is that would get people to give
more than they were giving before so it
might be true that other people are
doing it better but how will we know
until we experiment so I'm trying an
experiment right now in which I I'm
trying to multiply the benefit of the
gift and the the technique that I'm
using right now is I'm using the the
charitable gift to inform people of
something that would be really useful in
general so I'm giving away a gift I'll
probably announce it today or tomorrow
to a thousand dollars to buy school
supplies to a teacher who teaches the
talent stack
concept now they tell us that concept
comes from my book had it failed almost
everything and still win big but here's
the thing a perfect alternative
philanthropic system from the one that
the ones we know about would allow the
people who give to get a benefit because
that's incentive right you want the
people were giving to get something to
if you take that part out you're gonna
get less giving you'll still get plenty
of giving billionaires will still give
money privately but it would be nice to
give those billionaires credit because
that's good for them it would be nice to
thank people it would be nice to
acknowledge them giving you want to
create an incentive system some kind of
incentive system usually is
psychological it could be financial but
financial + psychological so the people
will give more money that's a good thing
as long as you're just closing exactly
what you're doing so would it be good
for me to make more attention to a
concept that came n in my book there's
for sale you know as a book of course it
would it would be good for me and more
people knew that I have a book that
would be helpful to them and they might
buy it right so is it wrong to suggest
the model forgiving in which a teacher
who is worthy it's a thousand dollars
and in the process I'm telling people
about a book that if they are aware of
this talent stack concept could be
tremendously helpful tremendously awful
to a lot of kids and as they learn if
they could teach others and it's so it
could spread so the idea is that the
kids are tremendously benefited by
simply hearing of this talent stack idea
by putting it on Twitter you can see in
the comments a lot of people said what's
the talent stack I'm a teacher I had to
Google talent stack so I've exposed I
don't know maybe tens of thousands of
people through one tweet to at least the
words talent stack to make them think
well what's that why would you give
money away for something why would a
teacher be teaching you what's the
benefit of it so that's the whole point
the whole point is that is growing the
knowledge of that I think there's nearly
a hundred percent agreement that it's
good and should be talked to kids if it
were controversial then I don't think
this would make as much sense that's get
rid of the Nazi but since Tallinn stacks
are not controversial there's nobody on
the other side of the argument
nobody says it's a bad idea everybody
says this is a good idea period
everybody every teacher every every
adult who hears it says that's a good
idea so am i a bad person because I've
suggested a model that's good for a
teacher good for the students very good
for anybody who hears about it didn't
know about it but also good for me
because as an author maybe I'll sell
some books am I am i a bad person having
fully disclosed that likewise one of the
controversies is that bill Polti is
using the cash app which is associated
with Jack Dorsey and Twitter well here's
the thing
Jack Dorsey and Bill Polti are already
working together on a major
philanthropic project to remove blight
from st. Louis maybe you saw the story
is the national story
why wouldn't Bill Polti use a product
associated with Jack he has a choice of
lots of ways to give the money away why
would he not use something that works
fine and is associated with Jack because
Jack's working with a month philanthropy
why wouldn't he do that not doing it
would be stupid that's it that's a
that's the beginning and the end of the
story why wouldn't he do that of course
he would likewise if bill Polti had an
app I'd use it you wouldn't have to pay
me to use it I'd use it because I'm
working with Bill of course I'm gonna
use his app if your neighbor owns a
business are you more likely to shop
there of course if you've got a friend
who owns a you know a company are you
more likely to be a customer of course
that's how the world works
so stop complaining about the wrong
things anyway it all announced the
winner of that today tomorrow and that
will be fun and oh let me ask you this
would you like me to have Jack Dorsey on
as a guest - one of my periscopes would
you like to do that let's say in your
comments because I've already asked and
he already said yes
so I don't know scheduling might be
difficult you know obviously he's a busy
guy he might be the busiest guy in the
world I I don't I have no idea how Jack
Dorsey survives his schedule with the
number of things he has to do but I have
asked him he did say yes and he asked me
to wait a while cause he has some
traveling going on
so I'll ask him to come on we'll ask him
all the tough questions I'll tell you my
starting points here's my starting point
it'll give you a little background a
year out of a couple years ago or
whatever it was when people were first
concerned about Twitter shadow banding
and I was complaining about it on
Twitter Jack contacted me and offered
that one of his executives in charge of
enough things that she would be in the
right the right person to do it said we
don't know what the shadow banding is
all about could we get more information
about what did you see and could you
work with this executive who was the
right person to talking and so I did so
I worked with Jack's executive and I
said all right here's what we're seeing
this is what people are reporting this
person said they followed me and got
unfollowed this person liked something
and got unliked
and I and I was feeding her the data and
she was looking into them one at a time
now there does seem to be some kind of
mixture of two things happening at least
one thing that's happening is there are
legitimate
I believe legitimate technical hiccups
legitimate confirmation bias legitimate
false memories etc so there is some
amount of what people say is shadow
banning that I would be willing to bet
my life you know like Gunda had
I would easily bet my life on the
following statement some of its not real
I don't know how much but some of it is
clearly imagination plus technical
glitches you know that are normal for
example one of the things people pointed
out is you might like something on your
phone your mobile device but the mobile
device needs to still send it up to the
database in the sky at Twitter
twitter has to acknowledge it and get it
back to your phone for it to be a
completed transaction well if you like
something and then there's a glitch with
your communication it's possible that
that handshake doesn't happen you
thought you liked something the
transaction didn't go through it doesn't
give you an error message it just didn't
happen so I don't know if that's an
actual example but it's the sort of
thing people talk about when they say
that some of it is imagination because
there's just ordinary technical
back-and-forth that's happening but
there is another category in addition to
the ones that absolutely are definitely
imaginary I'll call that the unexplained
category and because it's literally
unexplained in that category how do you
explain my brother following me on
Twitter and only following one person
that's it the only reason he had Twitter
to follow one person and he's very
careful and one day he was unsubscribed
my brother after following me for months
and months so that's not a scenario
where the technical glitch
you know failed to make a handshake now
somebody who was a follower for months
and months and months and I don't have
to wonder if he hit the wrong button
right he didn't hit the wrong button
there was no point at which he went to
change the only thing he had Twitter for
which is to follow me right so and then
of course hundreds and hundreds hundreds
of reports from other people saying
similar things so that falls into the
category of unexplained here's my I will
give you my theory hypothesis here's my
hypothesis my hypothesis is
that the social media companies it would
be impossible for the leadership to know
what the algorithms are doing because
it's too complicated when we talk about
the algorithm we're not talking about in
an equation this is long and you can
look at the variable Z and you say oh
very variable X if I tweak that a little
bit it's obvious what that will do at
the end nothing like that it's so
impossibly complicated with probably
lots of people handling their little
input not exactly knowing how that goes
through the whole system I'll bet you
that there is literally no one literally
zero people who understand the algorithm
at Twitter completely and I'll bet there
are literally zero people who understand
it at the other social media platforms
just based on complexity and based on if
you have enough complexity you end up
distributing jobs across different
specialties and if you have a bunch of
specialists maybe nobody really knows
what's going on so why am i crying over
this now has been happening for years to
the right well idea I'm gonna get rid of
you just for being dumb so here's the
thing I'm pretty sure that there's
something like shadow band happening and
that there's some bias happening at the
algorithm level that is you know maybe
targeting targeting one side more than
the other but I doubt that there's
anybody who knows the full extent of it
or why or what variables exactly are
getting tweaked or what keywords there
might actually be nobody or there could
be one person you could have a rogue
programmer whose job it is to make
little decisions about this or that and
they know that if they choose this over
that they're probably going to get a
different results and there may not be
anybody whose job it is to look at all
the variables they control and say
okay Bob what'd you do with this
variable okay okay
what'd you do with this one do we know
that's fair it's probably nobody who has
that job
I'll bet so here's my take
I believe that the social media CEOs
could not could not possibly understand
their own algorithms because there's
nobody on the staff of understand sir
nor is Raymond and staff who could
understand them they're too complicated
but there are definitely individuals
making individual decisions and I don't
know that they could be managed at the
level that you need to manage them if it
were your objective to get rid of to get
rid of bias so that's the way I would
approach the the question and I don't
think you see anybody approach it that
way because here's one of the things
that I've explained in my book lose your
thing I talked about how if you have
exposure to different fields you have
more vision about situations I've been a
programmer I've worked with technical
people for years so when I talk about
the algorithm I know how complicated it
has to be without actually being
directly involved I think everybody who
has technical experience is agreeing
with me right now right you don't have
to be directly involved if you have any
technical experience at all to
understand that these algorithms are
amazingly complicated and then it's
unlikely anybody understands them
completely somebody says they do not
agree I'm surprised but most people are
saying they agree so it helps to have a
variety of experience from business to
persuasion to even technical experience
- you saw my experience on negotiating
helped understand the Taliban situation
dead center so that's what losers think
it's about it's about teaching you the
the quick basic skills from a number of
fields so that you can look at things
with more eyes and I think you're gonna
like it
that's all for now and I will talk to
you later bye
you