um hey everybody come on in here it's
time for the simultaneous swaddle
it's that bonus entertainment you get
commercial free if you're seeing it live
and it's coming at you with a ferocity
matched only by a tiger with coronavirus
yeah you need to add a tiger to the
coronavirus to get this ferocity so
today I'm going to show you a little bit
about reality that some of you may have
not been exposed to you know how I'm
always talking about if you have a good
talent stack you can see situations a
little more clearly you can see in more
different windows if you have experience
in different fields so I'm going to give
you a little glimpse of what I see when
I look into this this whole life
coronavirus situation here and see if it
matches what do you think now for those
of you who have similar backgrounds
you're gonna say to yourself I knew that
but you might get a new way to explain
it to other people so stay around for
that and for some of you you're just
gonna be sort of surprised and you're
just gonna say I'm not even sure that's
real but we'll find out but first some
things in the news happening just
recently did hear that Japan is going to
reportedly I think I would wait for
confirmation on this but reportedly
Japan is going to pay its own firms to
leave China they're gonna pay them to
leave
ouch I think China is gonna have some
serious problems have you noticed that
everybody is talking about the camel
Harris for Vice President
president candidate with Joe Biden look
how close we are we're so close
because even if you don't think she
would be the best choice would you at
least agree that the consensus has
formed around her would you at least
agree that other people have sorted
decided because she's leaving in
unpredicted you know at the bedding pole
she's number one forgetting the spot
then Biden has signaled it about as
clearly as you possibly could so you
realize that I'm on the verge of the
greatest prediction of all time but it
might not still still might not happen
so I don't want to get too cocky
anything could happen
if it doesn't work out all I'll be the
first one to admit it but it's so close
I don't know if you've noticed but there
are some really hopeful signs number one
the number of hospital admit II went way
down in New York number deaths went up
but I think that's a trailing indicator
meaning those are people who are already
in trouble for a while but if fewer
people are going into the hospital
what's that mean what's it mean is it
because of hydroxychloroquine is it
because of social distancing we don't
know but it's a good sign and
everybody's talking about the curve
bending then maybe things are gonna have
in the right direction but there's
another good sign one that we've all
been waiting for
my town has tolet paper I'm getting
reports from other people in other
places that they too do not have fully
stocked two shelves but there's at least
in some stores they too have the great
white the great white hope
and so normality is returning
approximately when I told you it would a
month after the toilet paper disappeared
I said to you give it one month it'll be
back there it is so let's talk about
some other stuff
oh poor bored Rockler died if you don't
know who he is that won't mean as much
to you here's a question for you when
we're done when we're on the other side
of this coronavirus there will be the
heated debate of whether that the number
of deaths was lower than predicted
because we did such a good job or
because it was never dangerous in the
first place so in order to anticipate
that problem that we're not going to
know why we didn't have a lot of deaths
and people will disagree could we agree
in advance who are comparable is in
other words could we find another
country who is sufficiently like us or
maybe a few of them who are who are
doing something different let's say
they're not doing social distancing and
they're let's say not testing because we
didn't have that option and they're not
wearing masks at least all of them
because you know we didn't have that
option either so if you tried to find
somebody who is doing something smarter
than us you'd have to find some of these
not doing much testing and they're also
not doing much social distancing and
they've already got you know good amount
of infection and then that would be our
comparable
I am I am i right so I don't know which
which country that is but let me put
that out there that if if anybody is
claiming that they're gonna wait until
we're on the other side of this and say
see it's self-evident that it's because
of the social distancing or it's
self-evident that that made no
difference it was no problem at all it's
not going to be obvious just by looking
at it you're gonna have to have some
standard to compare it to to even get a
you know a hope of understanding what
happened alright here's my little
whiteboard lesson for today this is what
I call the classic view of reality this
is the view that we think should be the
view or there should be the way reality
works if you are young you may have
learned that this is what reality looks
like you've got your experts they
consult with your leaders your leaders
make some policies and then those
policies rain down on the happy citizens
who are happy that experts were part of
the process and that leaders took their
advice and what a good world we live in
so that would be the classic view of the
world on the other side of my magic
whiteboard that is so incredible you
probably all want one but you can't have
it it's one of the kind
here's a more accurate view of the world
goes like this
you've got your experts and let's say
that there's a situation that comes up
that they have not seen before
let's take their coronavirus situation
now they've seen other pandemics and
other infections but they haven't seen
this one so I think you'd agree that
this was a brand new thing and there was
a lot of fog of war and they didn't have
good information at first but they're
the experts even though they don't have
good information they still have to
inform the leaders what to do because
doing nothing is also a decision so the
leaders have to make a decision to do
nothing or to do something very
expensive and aggressive and they're not
going to make the decision on their own
and the leaders aren't going to be able
to get away with saying well we really
don't know there's not enough
information if you would just let us
wait a year no we can't wait a year
might be too late so the experts are
forced to make a decision well before
they have anything that would satisfy
themselves of what to do so what do they
do well here's what I believe happens in
the real world you got lots of experts
but they're not all equal some experts
are more influential let's say dr. Fauci
for example so they're probably used
several experts in the field who are
recognized as the most important ones so
probably it only takes half a dozen or
maybe fewer than ten of the top experts
to agree that they have an instinct or
something or they feel there's a problem
or this could be really bad you know
that all of their all their experience
their pattern recognition their biases
you know good and bad I'm not even
saying any of this is bad I'm saying
that you know an expert is not just the
data and if they don't have data at
least not reliable data they're going to
take advantage of their their pattern
recognition and bias but also very
importantly they don't want to kill
anyone
that's going to be job one right
and that's a really a very important
bias because they're gonna make sure
that nobody can blame them for killing
anybody in particular that would be
anybody's natural impulse now of course
they're also professionals so they're
gonna try to be as independent minded as
possible for the greater good but put
yourself in that position would you ever
recommend something that has a pretty
good chance of killing a million people
if you get it wrong you're gonna want to
do whatever is the safest in terms of
not killing a million people and not
taking any chance that you're the one
who made some dumbass recommendation and
killed a million people so professional
as they may be they're still humans and
nobody wants to kill a million people so
you've always got that force so what do
you do if you've got a really strong
feeling that that something is bad but
you don't know and let me give you a
little sort of math example of why they
would be confused in the early days of
the pandemic let's say that the thing
that makes a virus powerful is just I'm
oversimplifying a little bit is how
viral it is and how deadly it is if you
get it so two different things how
quickly is spreads and then if you get
it what are your odds of dying and so in
very rough terms you could sort of
multiply them multiply them to see how
bad it is so if you had let's say a very
low spreading but it was very deadly
well that wouldn't be the worst thing
because you might be able to stop it
because even though it's deadly it's not
going to spread that far so multiplying
the low viral 'ti times the you know
high death rate gives you you know some
power number but you can get to the same
power number by having something that's
super viral and doesn't kill many
percentage of people but it gets so many
people they even though it's a low
percentage a lot of them die
so both of them could be equal power one
because it's very viral and the other
because it's very deadly but what
happens if you get something that's
super viral and by the worst turn of
fate super deadly I don't believe we've
had one of those maybe the Spanish flu
qualifies but I'm not even sure it was
that one was you know super deadly super
viral I'm not sure how that gets
classified but in the earliest days of
the pandemic was there enough
information that the experts could know
if they had something that was very
viral but only a little bit deadly or
something that was a nine nine and a ten
in virality and deadly they didn't know
they were looking at China and things
look bad right so what do you do if
you're the experts and you've go to
advise the policy makers what to do
either to do nothing or do something and
you don't have any information well
you're going to take your best instincts
and judgment your risk management your
not wanting to kill millions of people
and you can have to convince leaders who
are going to ask you for your data what
do you do so the president says you okay
you know this is important I get it now
show me your numbers and what do they
have well not much of anything right
because they just don't have good
numbers they have guesses they have
assumptions or lots of variables it's
really all very complicated then what
does the president do how do you
convince the president even though
you're the experts and all you have is
punches and guesses and patterns and
things from the past that were similar
you've done some math in the back of an
envelope huh can you convince the
president and could you convince the
public with something like that who do
you go directly to the public and say
look we can't prove it but a whole bunch
of us who are experts have a really bad
feeling about this thing and we don't
want a million people to die
so could they convince the public no
because the public would say the same
thing
based on what show us your proof that
this is so bad and they would say things
like well there was this anecdote and
there was a story and there's this
unreliable information there's this
pattern of something that was different
that was there was this time we thought
we were right that we were wrong and
when they're done you just say to
yourself I'm not sure I'm convinced any
this is real yet yet we still have to
make decisions so how do you solve this
situation in the real world where it's
not that classic view that's on the
other button side of the whiteboard
where the experts know just what to do
they look at their data they look at
their spreadsheets it all adds up they
tell the leaders the leaders say hey
that looks good to me
thank you for looking into that and they
make their policies in the real world
that just doesn't work that way even the
experts don't know what to do
if they don't have data and it's the fog
of war and it's a brand new thing now
someday we might understand enough about
this that if we could have traveled back
in time with our future knowledge
well we maybe we would handle this
differently but even the experts didn't
know what was going on thank you China
right so here's what you do in this
situation where there's something you
feel really strongly about you're pretty
sure there's a lot of evidence but you
can't communicate it you just can't sell
it and so you go to the model makers
here's where everybody in social media
and on the news is making a fundamental
misunderstanding and it's this you don't
use models to give you the answer models
do not produce information there are
sales tool there for persuasion how do I
know that I know that's the opposite of
what you think right you think that the
experts are uncertain so they use a
model to
become certain and to learn something
that's probably what you thought right
mm-hmm ask anybody who's ever done this
for a living that's not what happens
here's what really happens the experts
say go because some models because I
gotta sell this thing I need a picture
give me a graph where that scary looking
curve give me a few big numbers give me
a range and make it a big range because
I don't want to be wrong all right
whatever you do make it a big range so
the bottle makers do their magic and
they come up with some really scary
looking graphs that are really simple
that they can sell to scare the public
and they can it's compatible with the
experts now what would happen
hypothetically if the people making the
models came up with a prediction that
would kill people if it were wrong what
are the experts going to do so for
example let's say the experts are
looking at the carnage over in Wuhan and
there's they're saying to yourselves I
know there's something bad out there
there's definitely something bad out
there this is not normal
as far as we can tell we haven't
confirmed it but we're seeing a lot of
stuff that just doesn't look normal
you know spray into the streets over
there and everything so what happens if
the model makers said well we've put in
all the variables we've checked all of
our assumptions and the very best model
we've come up with says it's not much of
a problem so yeah it doesn't look like
it'll be a problem over here so what do
you do if you're the expert because that
model would disagree with what you
plainly can see it disagrees with your
sense of risk management it disagrees
you know with observation instinct unch
it just disagrees with every fiber of
your being are you gonna say to the
model maker oh thanks
I was worried before but now that you
ran the model feeling better
no they discard that model because you
can't you can't keep the model that says
it might not be a problem that's the one
that could kill people
I remember job one
job one is don't kill anybody so the
experts can't accept a model that is -
let's - not scary because it would put
the experts in the position of maybe not
warning the public about whatever
they're seeing in China that doesn't
look good
right so they would have to reject
anything that made it look like it's not
a problem all right
so let's say the experts come back and
they say it could be this big range 2
million or a hundred thousand but let's
say the first time they come back they
say you know it's 2 million or honestly
it could be ten thousand what if that
was the first model that came back and
the experts say we've got a problem here
if it's only ten thousand or even if ten
thousand is even in the range Americans
are going to think it's not a problem
because we're used to having things that
are a huge risk but most of the time you
find if you tell the Americans that even
within that predicted range is maybe
just ten thousand it's like the common
cold basically how are they going to act
they're gonna act in a way that they're
not taking you seriously and then what
and then I've killed all these people
because they didn't you know potentially
it could be worse than we think so
here's what happens models are simply
ways that experts can convince leaders
and the public that there's something
that needs to be taken seriously now
you're saying to me I'm not buying this
Scott I am not buying this everybody on
TV all the scientists all the experts
they really sort of act like this is
telling you something like it's actually
giving you a window into the future
that's the whole point of this we're
spending millions of dollars billions of
dollars making them there are all these
models it's the best it's the smartest
people in the world Scott did you forget
you're a cartoonist who has a degree in
economics and an MBA
did you forget that because the smartest
people in the world they're not talking
like you're talking no they're not but
here's my simple argument for why they
do not glimpse the future and it goes
like this if you have a situation that
is really fundamentally like other
situations then sometimes yes let's say
you're into construction and you've
built several homes that are comparable
you you probably could put together a
budget it says uh based on these last
three homes I built in the same town
that are about the same kind this square
footage yeah I'll just estimate this
next house would be that I'd be fine but
that doesn't work with a brand-new
situation
there's no way to estimated and if
anybody could use any complicated model
to predict the future even even
statistically better than guessing they
would not be making models they would be
sitting on their trillion dollar yachts
if anybody could do this in actuality
like actually predict the future with
Bora with some statistical validity
whatsoever they do it for stocks right
they do have heard knowing what other
startups to invest in they could make
bets on big events in other words they
could bet that there'll be a you know
tragedy or a forest fire you know this
is that if anybody could look into the
fog of war which is what was happening
in the beginning of the pandemic if
anybody could look into that and build a
model on a spreadsheet or with any kind
of software there could actually reveal
the future better than chance they would
be almost magic and there's no such
thing as magic so this is this is me
letting you peer beyond the screen part
of the reason I know this is I did
financial projections for a living and I
can tell you
that if my if my model and my prediction
did not give management what they felt
was the right thing to do for personal
reasons professional reasons or the good
of mankind I had to go back and tweak it
until it did because we didn't know what
was the right thing to do but we knew
that the model wouldn't tell us we knew
that the variables were the unknowns
were so extreme for example one of the
things I was trying to do is calculate
whether this technology that's you know
obsolete now but was new then called
ISDN would have a big future and whether
it was economical to put it into the
network and sell it to people and they
were just gigantic unknowns about where
the technology would go and what would
happen with costs and if you tweaked any
one of them you just get wildly
different results it was either a great
idea or a terrible idea it was my job to
calculate that and so it was was that in
other situations where I learned that
you start with the answer and the answer
was yeah we're a high tech company we
have to be investing in high tech stuff
don't bring me back some financials to
say we don't do that because we're going
to do that we have to do that is you
know is you know our experience or
pattern-recognition
our bias all of our external and
internal incentives tell us we're going
to invest in the new technology and it
doesn't matter bean-counter if you come
back and tell us it's a bad idea I'm
gonna tell you to go back and tweak a
variable until it's a good idea because
that's the business world we're in this
business we're not going to be not in
that business because your spreadsheet
said so so once you see behind the
curtain you realize that the models are
always just an expression of what the
experts or the leaders want them to be
and their sales tools they are not
things that tell you what is true so for
all the people who are not quite seeing
behind the curtain you can see them
debating in public you can see it on TV
you can see it on social media and they
say things like this those models were
inaccurate doesn't mean anything
if you actually understand what the
models are for and what is possible it
is meaningless to say the models turned
out not to be accurate because they were
never built to be accurate you can't be
accurate in the same way that the models
were not built to crap bars of gold for
all of us
the reason is would be great if you
could build a model that would crap gold
wouldn't you do it I mean why not you're
a nice person you'd you'd give us all
little gold with your algorithm but you
can't really build a model that can
predict the future it's not a thing so
you can't be mad at the people who built
the model for not doing a thing that's
not a thing which is predicting the
future from unknowns again if you had a
situation where there were it was very
similar to the last one that's different
but in the fog of war nobody can predict
there's not a thing so the people who
understand the least and I would argue
people who have never been around
financial predicting people who are not
economists maybe maybe people are not
scientists they are maybe journalists if
I may say so I think the journalists and
the artists are more likely to think
they don't understand what's going on
because the predictions were so far off
what we're actually experiencing and I
think to them they're saying well was
this a conspiracy was everybody stupid
and I don't think it was a conspiracy
and I don't think anybody involved was
stupid and I don't think anybody
involved was acting acting with bad
intent I think everybody involved used
the only tools they could to get a
result they thought would protect people
the most and maybe with a little bias
toward making sure they were not the
ones who killed a million people
personally so I think everybody had good
intentions and used the tools they had
but don't be fooled into thinking that
the models tell you what the future is
that's
not a thing but they are good for
persuasion and you can see how well they
work now
having having observed this situation
and I think I succeeded in at least
convincing some of you that it's the way
it works is not that models tell you
something it's pretty much the experts
tell the models what the models need to
say in order to get to the next level if
you will you can see why some people
have a problem with the climate models I
want to get into that I just want to
yeah I just want to alert you that it's
hard to form an opinion on one of these
things without extending it to well does
that apply to climate change and so
here's what I would ask you the climate
change models again would be accurate if
they are similar to things that have
worked before in other words if we were
good at modeling climates and this was
just another one maybe we'd be good at
it but we've never we've never modeled
the climate 80 years in advance using
the tools that we're using we've never
done it we think we're doing it now but
there's nothing to you know to test and
against I would suggest that the best
way to understand the climate change
models is this way as well which is that
the scientist genuinely believed based
on everything they've seen every
scientific test every paper their
pattern recognition the people they've
talked to just the whole weight of their
experience I think is screaming to them
we're in trouble
planets going to warm up but they don't
have the ability because it's impossible
it's not because they're bad at it it's
just impossible to communicate all the
things they know you know the full
weight of their knowledge to a leader or
to the public because it just doesn't
trends transmit it which just sounds
like gobbledygook and we'd say I don't
know I'm not even sure you know what
you're talking about and so the
scientists do the same thing that you're
seeing here which is they go to them
they for them the model is really
persuasion but the public thinks the
model is actually information the public
thinks it's an actual prediction now it
might be a prediction that the
temperature's going up and you know
there's a risk but the actual model will
see and by the way the model can be
right if they make the range big enough
if you make the range big enough there's
pretty good chance it's going to fall in
that range so that is my lesson for
today I hope that was useful was it I
would like to see your feedback I'll
stay just for a minute to look at that
is Bill Gates in here I don't know what
you're talking about
who wins big business well I don't know
if anybody's winning very few people are
winning I see more people asking about
dr. Shiva yeah so I'm still waiting for
somebody to make a statement oh good I'm
getting some good feedback here
I'm waiting for somebody to make a
statement that they think they would
like my opinion on that is something
that dr. Shiva says so narrow it down to
me not not just like a whole topic like
is there a statement or a fact just
narrow down and I'll give you an opinion
I pushed your whiteboard on Twitter yeah
I'll take a picture of it as soon as we
get off here oh good actually the
feedback is better than I thought I
didn't know if didn't know if that was
going to work as well as it did how
delightful all right um say it doesn't
seem to me that you treat climate models
like this should they be treated like
this well I just I just did I don't
maybe you just signed on or something I
wouldn't watch you if I didn't like your
take on things that's true
are you ruining models forever well I'll
tell you models were ruined for me when
I became the person who made them you
know nothing will disillusion you more
than being the person who's doing that
thing yeah if you want to be unimpressed
with something that you used to be
impressed that try try being that person
on it let me let me give you a concrete
example when I became a cartoonist I
immediately set my sights on winning the
the top award and cartooning because I
thought you know if you're an actor you
probably daydream of getting the Academy
Award right that would be natural so
whatever business you're in you probably
spend a little time daydreaming about
winning the Super Bowl or getting the
gold medal or something like that so I I
wanted to win this top award and
cartooning it was called the Reuben and
named after Rube Goldberg and every year
the cartoonists get together with sort
of an Academy Awards and there's a vote
and they gives a the top of word to a
cartoonist so I of course wanted that
and years go by something like 10 years
and you know I'm not even nominated and
Dilbert just takes off and gets
financially successful so suddenly
Dilbert is like one of the biggest
things in the country and that ain't got
nominated and I said to myself wait a
minute I don't think the comic is that
much better than it was a year ago or
two years ago or three years ago but
what is different is that events in
society sort of propelled me in front of
a lot of people and then the comic took
off so the thing that was different is I
was making a lot of money and getting a
lot of attention I thought to myself
what kind of what kind of award for
cartooning depends on how much PR our
beginning and so I actually ended up
winning the two top awards in cartooning
one is the overall ordeal the biggest
one you can get and then the the top
award in my category which was
cartoon strips as I won them both in the
same year and of course I was you know
terribly honored and everything but
almost as soon as I won them it got home
the entire thing seemed like a farce and
didn't beat anything to me
because once I got on the inside and I
was the actual winner of it I just
realized it wasn't so much because of my
cartooning it's because I had become a
name brand and the organization that
puts on the event likes tab name brands
so it makes everybody else all want to
go just makes the event better if you've
got you know some famous people there so
I had I had won the award simply as a
way to get me to attend the event
nothing to do with anything I spent it
spent years of my career like lusting
after this award that when I wanted I
realised was completely meaningless if
there's anybody out there who has won
that award sorry sorry about that
my college my undergraduate college did
the same thing when I got famous they
they made me love night of the year or
something and invited me to go back and
give a talk and everything I thought my
god this is what another I'm alumni of
the year of like little college I went
to it's like then of all those people
won't they Envy me my old classmates
when they see that I'm an alumni of the
year and then you go back and you rise
is just a fundraising thing you know
once you get famous for doing something
your alumni of the year so that they can
have more access to your for fundraising
anyway that's more than you wanted to
know and I will talk to you in the
morning you know when