I'm pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
anybody here today come on him if I
mirror you should be here yeah we got
stuff to talk about yes we do and that
will happen directly after the
simultaneous lip I know you'll enjoy it
it's gonna be a good one now you might
wonder why I don't do the normal
introduction to the simultaneous if
today and there's a reason I can't
remember it that's right I read it every
single time one of the tricks of writing
is that things that you can read are
very different than things you read out
loud so if you're gonna write something
for the purpose of reading it out loud
if you're going to be reading it that's
fine but something you were going to
memorize and say you might write it
differently
but we're going to enjoy the
simultaneous sip right now do you have a
cup a mug it's dopamine hit of the day
the thing that makes everything better
and you're getting ready for it now go
good stuff so last night I was getting
ready to go go to sleep just wind it
down I was in bed and I thought to
myself I'll check Twitter one more time
here's what you should never do if
you're trying to wind down and go to
sleep don't ever check Twitter right
before you go to sleep it's a very bad
sleep strategy and so I opened up
Twitter and I see somebody's making a
comment that's referring to the
president retweeting me which he did the
day before yesterday I thought oh
they're still talking about this this is
the day before yesterday but then I
looked at the comment well this doesn't
seem like it's about that one so I click
on it and he had retweeted me again
so it was the second retweet in two days
and I'm thinking well aren't I pretty
special and that I saw another one I
thought are you kidding me he retweeted
me three times in two days but it wasn't
true it was not true that I got
retweeted three times in two days by the
president because it was for a tweeted
me four times in the last 48 hours we'll
talk about those and I got to tell you
it's the weirdest experience to get
retweeted by the president because it's
simultaneously big and small at the same
time so the big part is that he is the
most important politician on the planet
and and even even if it were not just
the job of the President he's also the
biggest personality and the biggest job
I mean it's it's Trump right and so
would he when he when he tweets about
you and he referred to me as interesting
guy
I'm not sure if that's my forever name
yet it doesn't have the crisp insulting
quality of his other nicknames so I I
don't know if I can call myself an
interesting guy it just it just needs to
be a little more insulting so maybe I
can ask him for that later can you give
me a big day in that's just a little bit
derogatory because I don't think I can
go with this one it's not gonna work
anyway so that's the the big part is
that it's the biggest you know the most
important personality in the world who
is apparently I caught his attention to
four times in 48 hours so that's the big
part the small part is that what I'm
experiencing it it's just me and my
phone Christie does it in another room
and it's just like ah just me and my
phone that's it so it's the the weird
combination of things and then I woke up
and so a lot of comments that other
people saw so we'll talk about those
things in a minute I tweeted yesterday
that if I ever become president
seems unlikely but if I ever become
president I want to do such a good job
that the news does about stuff like
drinking water with two hands walking
down a ramp tweeting about stuff have
you noticed that the criticisms about
Trump are completely off topic of his
job performance have you noticed that it
happens kind of subtly because we get so
drawn into each story it's hard to to
look at the larger trend you know you
get lost into the details but if you
just rise up for a minute and look at
the headline so let me call up let's
just call up CNN randomly let's see you
see the types of stories that are
anti-trump there's something about
Brianna Keilar confronts Trump
campaign official saying our Dead
Americans funny to you alright so the
best the best they could do is that
there's a campaign official who laughed
about a joke okay here's another one
Trump takes first trip to the border so
that's a nothing first trip to the
border in 2020 okay how about
fact-checking Trump's mail-in vote fraud
claims all right let's check that so
John Avlon is checking Trump's mail-in
fraud claims and as his source he uses
PolitiFact so we refers to PolitiFact
and they they have this little logo
you've probably seen it that shows the
meter going from you know false to true
and if it's really false it's like it's
on fire you know it's a lie so
PolitiFact is their source for CNN to
fact-check the president so I thought to
myself well I wonder how credible they
are so I thought I'll check the one
thing that I know what the truth is and
it's the the fine people hoax and
everybody who reads the transcript
the truth so this was easy you don't
have to wonder what the truth is because
it's just written right in front of you
there's no interpretation it's pretty
obvious so you should go to PolitiFact
presumably if it's a credible outfit and
it will have this little meter which it
does for all of its facts and that fact
will say the fine people hoax or the
fine people's story that the allegation
of the president called the marching
Nazis fine people it should have a big
flaming false right if if PolitiFact is
credible that's what it would be so I
look it up and I'm looking for the logo
and it's not there it's not there the
logo the little flaming truth-o-meter is
the primary branding thing that they do
they put it on every story so every
story has that except for the fine
people hoax instead of telling you it
was true or false they said we're just
going to show it to you in context
here's the transcript why would a
fact-checking organization not check the
fact on the most important fact of the
entire presidency in my opinion that's
the most important fact because more
than a thing it's what's behind the
imagination that the president is a
obvious racist and everybody knows it
and here's the evidence because of those
fine people hooks think about it
PolitiFact
left their fact-checking off the biggest
lie and politics didn't say it was true
didn't say it was false they just left
it off think about that and that's the
source the CNN uses the fact chicken so
they're the CNN claim is that mail-in
ballots would not be a massive fraud
opportunity they might be debating some
of the details of that and I would
imagine the president is speaking point
approximately as he often does so he may
not be true on every fat
but is there any thinking person who
believes that mail-in ballots are not an
opportunity for fraud I can't even wrap
my head around the opposing argument I
really can't
so that's weird
here's what else they say Trump falsely
accuses Obama of treason so again here's
one of the biggest the worst criticism
they could find of Trump's job
performance has nothing to do with his
job it's just something he said about
Obama in a political season and he
exaggerated perhaps it used treason when
really he meant bad behavior you know
not technically treason it's not a story
again if I run for president and become
president the best you could do is to
have your biggest critics have nothing
to say about your actual performance on
the job and only talk about your
personality talk about some unimportant
things that you said that might have
been wrong that's that that's the worst
they have on Trump are they talking
about the economy do you know what
November 30 is going to look like here's
what November 3rd is going to look like
the economy is going to be roaring back
at record percentages which will be
misleading because we're coming off a
low base so just as Obama's performance
with the economy was misleading because
he too was coming off a depressed base
everything looks good from there Trump
is going to get that same imaginary
benefit he's going to be able to say hey
look we had a coronavirus and things are
up X percentage somebody says the Dow is
that I'm screaming up I'll bet it is so
the president's going to have an economy
that's coming back I don't think people
will blame him for the president before
they economy being depressed but they
might credit him for it coming back I
think that would be fair because he has
been pushing for it to come back even at
maybe great risk before
health problems and so the economy will
look good what else we got
let's take China how is the president
gonna look in terms of China trade well
I think China's reputation is so bad
that because Trump has been tough on
China in general he's going to look
smart because he was tough on China and
it looks like his instincts about China
have been completely proven true so
that's what about Isis Isis is gone
Isis is completely gone do you remember
Isis wasn't there a time you were
worried that Isis was going to conquer
the world it's gone basically I mean at
least territorially it'll never be gone
as an ID I suppose so you can kind of go
down the line if you were to if you take
whatever you think you are the top five
things right take the top five issues he
looks pretty good there was a Rasmussen
poll that said that something like
twenty four percent of black likely
voters so it's not the entire population
it's just the likely voters who are also
black Americans strongly approve of
their president's job approval do you
believe that so this is Rasmussen mara
Asmussen I think was the most accurate
poll and of the major polls the most
accurate in 2016 and they're saying that
about a quarter of black likely voters
approve or strongly approve of the
president's performance do you think
that's true I think it is actually just
anecdotally and of course you know
anecdotally doesn't mean much but it is
my impression that he may have doubled
his support in the black community and
why wouldn't he
why wouldn't he right because I think
the I think the black community is
looking at the same stuff everybody else
looking at do you think the black
community likes crime no do you think
the black community likes a bad economy
no do you think the black you know
community likes you know bad trade deals
no so yeah why why wouldn't he have
doubled support even even against all
the bad press seems like you would have
alright some other things so one of the
things that the president retweeted was
my tweet in which I was tweeting about
Shaun King now you all know Shaun King
he's he's an activist one of the most
famous ones and he's he's a black would
you say he's a black activist where he's
an activist for black issues now the
reason I ask that is that the and and I
can't tell the story without this all
right so when I start giving you this
context the first thing you should say
is how is that relevant to the story
yeah I'm you're seeing it in the
comments so he's an activist for the
black community who has the interesting
distinction of not appearing to be black
now I'm not going to I have no opinion
of what his DNA is right so I'm not
going to go there I'm just saying that
the public opinion other people not me
look at him and say dude you don't even
look black I don't think you're black
now I don't know what he is I'm not
going to give you an opinion on that I
just think it's it's it's sort of
obnoxious to tell other people what they
are so manat going to I'm not gonna get
into that argument I will simply I'll
simply note that the most famous thing
about Shaun King is that he's not black
enough according to his critics ok and
when I say now black enough I mean he
looks like a white guy again nothing
wrong with that I'm not saying is why I
don't know anything about his DNA I
don't even have an opinion
I don't care right I literally couldn't
care about any of that but it's
important to this anecdotal story here
so he was asked about whether the
depictions of Jesus who looks sort of
white and European in most depictions if
he thought that that needed to be you
know changed to be more and historically
accurate and let's say incorporating the
assumption that Jesus was less
european-looking and probably more
Middle Eastern looking and this is what
Shaun King tweeted he said yes I think
the statues of the white European they
claim as Jesus should also come down
meaning like the statues and stuff
they're a form of white supremacy always
have been
in the Bible when the family of Jesus
wanted to hide and blend in guess where
they went
Egypt not Denmark tear them down so that
was shown Kings tweet now here is the
fascinating psychological part of this
the fascinating part is that when you
see this tweet isn't your first
impression that the slippery slope you
know started with one statue and then it
was lots of statues and then it's and
then it's you know Teddy Roosevelt and
you know and the next thing you know
it's going to be Jesus is that your
first impression that you started with
something that wasn't that big a deal
was just a statue of one statue and
world full of statues but then it was
lots of statues and now it's my god
they're coming from my religion that's
what it feels like right but let me
suggest that if this had been the first
and only issue if you'd never heard
about any statues there was there were
no protests going on if the only thing
you heard of was just this point hey why
is Jesus always depicted looking
European wouldn't you think that was
actually pretty reasonable as a
complaint seriously it was the only one
you were judging it as a continuation of
something maybe you've got a problem
with if it was just
by itself at isolation it's actually the
most reasonable it's the most reasonable
complaint which is what I said so when i
retweeted it Sean kidding
I thought to myself you know you know in
these times of great division and stuff
like this I don't disagree with that
even a little bit
in fact I've thought that all my life
when I went to Sunday school as a kid
yeah I'm 10 years old and I'm looking at
white Jesus and I'm looking at the
Middle East and I'm 10 and I'm thinking
how how's this work
how did you get this European guy born
and born in the Middle East so and then
Sean King's characterization of it the
Senate it's a form of white supremacy
now if you've been watching me for a
while you know that I've been
criticizing anybody who uses the word
white supremacy because it's just
hyperbole and it's really not in a lot
of the examples that people are using in
terms of how white people are thinking
about it anyway has nothing to do with
any of that so I think most of that is
just overblown but in this particular
example I've got to say he's got kind of
a point here because religion is you
know what's more important than religion
and Christianity being one of the the
big two I guess religions it's super
super important in the world and in
people's lives and sure enough the
racial identity of historical Jesus was
changed to make it white like how was
that good and it's somebody in the
comments is saying he was a Jew and they
could look any number of ways well I
think that that's a fair statement that
there are people who look all different
ways but I don't think anybody would
disagree that the artistic renderings of
Jesus were intended to look like a
European okay I'm not saying it's
impossible that somebody could look a
certain way and it's different from the
other people but I think you would agree
that they intend
to make him European don't you feel that
that's a safe statement I mean I'm not a
historian but it feels like that safe
right so I think Shawn King was right
all right I I will be happy to criticize
him in places where I think he's wrong
but why can't we just agree with him
when he's right and I think what's
fascinating about this is if you take in
the context away you would say yeah you
know that's pretty good point maybe
maybe you should do something about that
now I'm not a I'm not a believer so it's
not up to me I'm not in this fight at
all I don't whichever way it goes is
fine I think I think everybody said you
should see Jesus the way they won't do
right why why can't Jesus be exactly
that Jesus you want to see why can't
black people have black Jesus why can't
you know I can't the Chinese have
Chinese Jesus because he is Jesus right
you're not exactly fitting into a you
know fitting into a little box there's
only one of them so whatever whatever
the believers want to do with Jesus that
would be their business here is a
horrible little story oh and so what's
interesting about that is that the
president retweeted my comment which was
a in which was also agreeing you know
part of the comment was I said Trump
just won 2020 because if the protesters
come after Jesus that's the end of the
election isn't it now that the Shawn
King thing probably will just stop with
a you know one tweet but imagine if you
will that it becomes a thing even if I
agree with it being a reasonable thing
that they should be discussed it is the
end of the election is there anybody
would disagree with that
that if this Jesus thing became more of
an issue than it is more than just a
tweet it would be the end of the
election so President Trump
retweets it do you see how clever that
is do you see how clever it is for the
president to retweet that
because in its in its form as it was you
know just as a tweet it's just a blue
check person who tweeted something that
has been said before not much to it but
because the president tweeted not only
my comment that it would that would
basically be the election but he also
tweeted the part where I agreed with
Shaun King think about it he didn't make
a comment about it he he just tweeted it
so the the fact that he would want to
boost that signal because it's good for
his campaign it's pretty clever okay I
gotta say that was a that was a well
chosen retweet because if that gets
bigger the elections over here's I'll
get back to us more Trump tweets
retweets in a minute there was an
appalling story about something the New
York Times did there is one of the most
despicable things you'll ever see in any
entity especially a news business so the
New York Times decided to do a story
about a fairly famous blogger who
conceals his real identity and he
blogged under the name of Scott
Alexander but that was actually his
middle and his first and middle name so
his real last name he keeps secret
because he he's a psychiatrist and he
doesn't want his blogging which can be a
little more controversial to bleed into
his real work he could get fired his his
clients whatever problem with it so the
New York Times says they wanted they
contact him to do a story about his
blogging now I've talked about Scott
Alexander's blog before it's one of the
most brilliant and insightful things
you've ever seen like ever that's a
pretty big statement right but it is one
of the most insightful smart fresh views
you've never seen before I've quoted him
before one of the most interesting
thinkers in the world really and very
well-informed and the New York Times of
course while
to do a story about it because he's so
influential and so good at it but they
decided they were going to DOX him they
were going to do a complementary story
about him because I guess the angle was
he got a lot of stuff right about
coronavirus before the experts did so it
was going to be a complementary story
about how he got things right before the
experts were and he's an influential
great blogger and their policy is that
they reveal real names and of course he
asked them not to
and they said no it's our policy we have
to reveal real names now if this they
were going to write a positive story and
destroy his life intentionally knowing
that we're doing it because it's just
their policy it's just their policy to
use a real name yeah we can't we can't
make an exception because it's just our
policy and I don't know if they're if
they did or they're going to I don't
know the status of this I can't tell if
but what at what it caused him to do was
to delete his entire blog not just a
blog post but the entire history of his
blog one of the most valuable
contributions to civilization and he
deleted it he kept the backup so it's
not going forever but he deleted it and
and wrote about it now I could not hate
the New York Times more than I do right
now it's just evil
there isn't really any other way to spin
this if you're telling me that the New
York Times has a rule and they just
can't break that rule well okay but it's
an evil rule do you know who else had a
rule Hiller he had a rule too they
weren't very good rules we wish he
didn't have them so New York Times why
don't you take your rules and shove them
so far up your evil asses that
we can see it in your eyes you shouldn't
even be able to stay in business at
or something like this because it's one
thing to do something accidentally I'm
very forgiving about accidents it's one
thing to have a different opinion I
accept different opinions it's one thing
to be political it's one thing to be
hyperbolic it's one thing to fail the
fact-checking there are lots of ways to
have bad behavior but daxing a guy that
you actually like in your writing story
because of how much he's added to the
world and you know you're gonna destroy
his life by revealing him that is so
 evil that I can't even wrap my
head around it
amazing and by the way this guy isn't
political there's nothing political here
he's literally just a helpful voice in
the world that's it and they're
destroying his old life oh it's
worse than that because his patients
will suffer he's a psychiatrist
with a big group of patients do you
think that they will be unaffected by
this no no they will be affected
evil all right and the other thing that
the president tweeted was just an
article i retweeted which was that yeah
the supposedly the only pollster to show
Trump winning the state of Michigan so
in other words he has that distinction
for accuracy in 2016
basically has a projection that's
completely different than the major
polls so you know the major polls are
showing Biden winning by very large
margins and the guy who was the most
accurate pollster on a state basis at
least for the some of the key states
says that his polling using a little
different methodology which has been
more accurate in the past shows us
neck-and-neck
it's neck-and-neck and he suggests that
there might be more shy Trump supporters
than 2016 that's right it's
neck-and-neck and there might be twice
as many shy supporters
who are not admitting who they're gonna
vote for then 2016 so the president
retweeted that because that obviously is
good for him so let's say Trump put a
temporary hold on
workers visas from foreign countries you
know this is a topic I don't know a lot
about but I also don't understand why
the tech workers are being treated
differently than other kinds of workers
I could see wanting to keep employment
good in this country if there were types
of jobs that Americans could do and
wanted to do but in the tech world bring
bringing people in from other countries
let's say let's say India if you bring
in an engineer from India does that
subtract from America or add to India or
add to America well have you ever met
any any technical people from India
they're really God I'm not saying that
you know as a general statement that
every person from India is a technical
expert I'm saying that I've met a lot of
technical experts who were born in India
and they're really good
they've started companies some of the
biggest companies in the country or at
least people were born in India started
the biggest countries not necessarily
just work or a piece of people but my
understanding of economics is that the
more people who have that kind of skill
the better the more the better
because there's an unlimited demand
there's no limit to the number of people
who have money and would like to do a
start-up of some kind and the main thing
that's preventing them from doing that
startup is that they can't find a
technical person to do the technical
stuff it's the number one problem you
probably think the number one problem
for startups is getting money right it's
actually not in my opinion
somebody might disagree with this the
number one problem is finding technical
talent
if you get that right you can usually
get money too so I don't understand this
but I also haven't heard the full
argument and it's a temporary
restriction we'll see if that becomes
permanent through the end of the year I
want to read you how CNN is currently
characterizing the Russia collusion coup
against the President and so that's my
characterization that the Russian
collusion hoax was essentially a coup to
remove the president so that's the way I
would call that so CNN of course you
would say to yourself well they were
certainly hugely embarrassed by covering
it as if it were true for under two
years or whatever only to find out the
entire thing was was just a hoax and
made up and the president didn't do
anything wrong and it was bad actors in
the government etc exactly the opposite
of what he intended reported for two
years
so do they say gosh we should have got
that wrong no this is the way they're
deciding this is an opinion piece
doesn't matter who it's under son
cnn.com and here's their
characterization of that I just got to
redo the son of this was hilarious wall
quote while some misconduct related to
the Russia investigations has been
uncovered that's just the first part of
the sentence sub misconduct yeah there
there has been some misconduct a little
bit the hardly worth mentioning I you
don't need any details but to us up some
misconduct related to the Russian
investigation it's been uncovered you
know and several former FBI officials
have been chided for their handling of
certain aspects of the probe chided
they've been chided now CNN does not say
that the FBI did very very bad things as
part of what seemed to be a larger plot
to remove the president who was legally
elected no they say this several former
FBI officials have been chided
Oh they've been chided I don't even know
where you come up with the word excited
could you come up with a softer word to
criticize somebody let me see if I can
use these this word Joseph Goebbels
Goebbels who was the Nazi propagandist a
number of people have chided him for for
some of the things he did yeah Joseph
Goebbels he was jaded got jaded a little
bit how about a Ho Chi Minh killed
millions of people that's one way to say
it I mean if you were being unkind you'd
say oh yeah he murdered billions of
people but if you were seeing then you
might say Ho Chi Minh it has been chided
before some of the things he did in
office while he was in power all right
let's say let's talk about the Bubba
Wallace news story so the news if you
could call it that is that a rare NASCAR
driver who was african-american
apparently there were not many of them
but Bubba Wallace claims that there was
a noose and hanging in the garage that
you know he the part of the garage where
his car was I guess and that was
considered a racist act and the NASCAR
people who got behind him and and really
supported him which which was good now I
said to myself on day one how many of
you remember can you back me up on this
because a big part of what I do is I
make predictions based on persuasion and
then I check them right have I told you
that you have to check your protec
predictions because otherwise you have
no idea you have no idea how how well
you understand the world you don't know
how your filter in the world works
unless you make predictions and then
check hey did what was the first thing I
said when I heard about the Bubba
Wallace new
story in the comments what was the first
thing I said where's the picture right I
told you that if there's no picture it's
a hoax we live in the world where we're
bristling with camera equipment every
single person every one of you has a
camera within arm's reach probably your
phone right are you telling me that
people saw a freaking hoax I'm sorry
that they saw a noose hanging in the
garage of a black NASCAR driver and
nobody took out a phone really nobody
took out a phone so that I'm so let me
ask you this
who else told you at the beginning of
the story that if you haven't seen the
photo already it's probably fake now I
have to say probably because if this is
if this turns out to be a real story let
me be the first to say it's appalling
you know it's it's a 10 and a 10 it's
like a cross burning on your loan we all
condemned it there's no no hesitation no
equivocation horrible horrible act if
it's true but within a photo mm-hmm so
203 race stories like this turned out to
be false according to the walls
Wall Street Journal actually two out of
three it was researched so the odds are
that any of these stories have been 67
percent chance of being false if you
don't know if you don't know for sure
and you can't check it out yourself
that's the filter you should put on it
well it'd be terrible if it's true but
there's a one in three chance it's true
so there's been some of you are saying
in the comments already so people looked
into it and it turns out that there are
photos and even live video which is much
harder to fake it's possible but you
could do it but it's harder there's
video of that same garage with that with
a a pole rope for the garage doors or
row pegs down and you
rabbit and you pull it to raise and
lower the garage I have exactly that in
a utility garage where I have a rope
that I pull do you know what makes it
easier to pull that rope just take a
guess what would make it a little easier
to to grab the rope
yeah you put a little loop on the end
and they're actually videos from
November November of that same garage
garage number four with the pull rope
from the the thing hanging down and
they're in miniature about the size of
the hand not the size of an AK not the
size of something that could go over a
head but more like the size of something
you put your hand through that was noose
like at the bottom now if I hadn't seen
it on video cuz somebody was just
filming back in November and we were
just filming the cars and they go right
by and you see the you see the thing
hanging down and it's obviously just a
pull rope for the garage now somebody
cut it off allegedly so that there are
no photos that you could take now
because it was cut off but back in
November you could you could see it was
clearly just a pull rope
so that's the biggest one of the biggest
stories in the country and it's just so
obviously debunked once you see the
video but how many people will see the
video what percentage of the company of
the country do you think will ever know
that that was a that that's fake well
let's look at say CNN because let's see
I just funny that story seems to have
disappeared from the front page just
jacking checking all right well let me
do a search on CNN and see if they've
got any
and uh story so well this news story see
if there any updates nope that story
seems to have disappeared I just did a
search on CNN's page and the story isn't
even there it doesn't exist as any kind
of a story in a search unless they come
up in the wrong order let's see oh it is
there but it came up in the wrong order
all right I'll just quickly look at it
and see if it mentions if it mentions
even the possibility that there are
videos of this in the past
bla bla bla people looking into it
strengthens our resolve it's a horrible
thing you set the race buh-buh-buh it's
a despicable act this will not break me
and by the way somebody pointed out that
the garage is in question have these you
know multi-million dollar cars and tools
in them of course they have video you
know they have video because because
it's like super expensive equipment and
all these garages so there's video of
all this so we're going to know for sure
Phelps would not say what if any video
cameras may have been recorded at the
track so the official won't say if there
was video recording why would you not
say that is it for security purposes no
it's because somebody looked at the
video and they know that there's nothing
there's nothing there
people are enraged yeah okay
the sick person who perpetrated it must
be found and exposed yeah so CNN does
not make any reference to the fact that
there exists video on YouTube
which shows it in November as a Hempel
do you do you think that they ought to
at least mention that other outlets are
treating it differently so this is the
world you live in where the world
is presented you as completely think
alright so I give credit to the last
refuge that I think did the most
thorough job of showing photographs you
know before and after and debunking it
but there are there are other sources
for that but the last refuge seems to a
bed all over it
alright and that's about all I wanted to
talk about today some of you saw my ring
I'll just say again just for the
purposes of completeness I was supposed
to get married with Christina in May but
coronavirus delay that and we
rescheduled and rescheduled and we were
trying to figure out honeymoon and
wedding date and finally we decided that
we would just call ourselves married we
will actually get married within the
next 30 days probably but we decided
that the government doesn't get to
decide if we're married you know what I
mean it's one thing to say okay there's
a process everybody has the same process
you have to go through these things and
then you're married like that if it's
easy if it's traditional if the bride
once it's the family once and I don't
mind doing any of that stuff but if the
government is preventing me from getting
married because you know there's a
coronavirus and it's just harder I mean
it took us a long time just to get the
paperwork to get the license because
nothing's easy you know you can't go to
the office in person and you got to do
things from the mail and there's a
website but it doesn't look like it
worked so you're not really sure if
again through and then you have to get a
person who takes it in person down there
for you and science it's like they've
made it unnecessarily complicated but to
say bye know why the ceremony matters
does the ceremony matter just because
you have a witness I mean I could get I
could get a witness to sign a document
it doesn't need to be a ceremony so
here's the point here's my point
I don't believe the government gets to
tell me if I'm married do you agree with
me would you agree that the government
is not in control of whether I am
married I'm married that's it so it's
not the government's decision I don't
want their opinion on it when things are
back to normal as soon as we can do the
ceremony we'll do it so we'll wrap up
the details but don't tell me I'm not
married
I'm just not legally married somebody
says why your age get married just stay
as domestic partners well there are lots
of reasons but one of them and a lot of
it has to do with the level of
commitment your your showing to each
other etc but a lot of it is financial
right because you want to you're both
committing yourself and you have to know
that there's a financial you know safety
for both of you at cetera so that part's
just common sense you have to you have
to get get that taken care of but the
other part is just existing in a world
that requires labels
yeah the optics of it is exactly as
somebody saying the ability to say
somebody is my wife is really convenient
it's really easy it's clean it says
everything you need to say all those
other words for it and this is my
domestic partner blah blah it just seems
to minimize the other person and it just
takes something away from it so of
course it's a considered decision but
there are some just advantages to it
just makes everything a little bit
cleaner in our current system but prenup
of course yes prenup is just pretty much
standard standard business if you're my
age and you have assets somebody's
asking about divorce and division of
assets no don't worry I'm an adult I
live in the real world I know all the I
know all the risks
and we do what we we needed to do
oh did Project Veritas drop a new video
how about that let's look at it don't go
away don't go away the best part of this
periscope just happened all right so
remember I told you last week that there
would be some major red pills dropping
and I said it's not one story it's going
to be like a quilt and wish there will
be squares of the the quilt which will
be dropping from the sky and what are
these squares may have just dropped
let's say with say Facebook Project
Garrett ass and see what comes up
project ferret has exposed CN CN n in
facebook is this the new one no that's
the old one let's see what project
Veritas has going ah projects fair
tennis why is this not coming up alright
looks like this is the new one damn it
alright we'll talk about this tomorrow
but give me a chance to look it up 6:23
here it is Daily Caller has it project
Veritas video shows Facebook content
moderators discussing censoring
conservatives reveals quote exception
given to Don Lemon for hate speech so
let me let me play it for you have you
not heard it let me play it for you you
don't have to see the faces because
they're all the sort of semi concealed
and stuff
let me know if you can't hear it's as
you say b-bring I am more brave than I
am scared like any trouble that anybody
could give me for breaking some stupid
NDA I think the truth is more powerful
than any NDA
to stick up for the voice of the people
it's a shout of is yeah it's what's the
forest for and they say they don't like
yes clear the people's content opens up
because it's indeed filtered off thank
you it's a very progressive company
whose very Android Magus EVC a
conservative Zach McElroy came to
project Veritas because of what he saw
at his job at Facebook in Tampa Florida
he saw and filmed evidence of structural
and cultural bias inside Facebook
discriminating against Republicans and
conservatives McIlroy's story raises
serious doubts about the under oath
testimony at Facebook CEO Mark
Zuckerberg to Congress where he claimed
Facebook has no political bias what
percentage of the flagged posts in the
civic harassment queue as it's called
were Republican conservative I saw a
stark contrast between Republicans
versus Democrats in the queue I saw
upwards of 75 to 80% of the post not Q
or from Republican pages politicians
journalists and pages that supported the
president or supported conservatives
what does that tell you about Facebook /
cognizance algorithm here well certainly
the algorithm is not human but it had to
be made by a human
so for 75 to 80 percent of the post to
be targeting Republicans and
conservatives you can say it was a bot
but somebody had to design that
algorithm so really somebody at Facebook
some people on Capitol Hill have
expressed interest in this
ratio that you speak of are you willing
to potentially testify under oath that
that 3/4 of the post that you saw flag
or in one political direction to the
best of my knowledge and ability yes to
me censorship online is one of the
biggest issues facing us in the lead-up
to the 2020 election well insofar as I
was not somebody who was working behind
the scenes on policy but rather as
someone who was enforcing policy I saw
everybody around me and I saw myself and
I did a little bit of comparing when I
thought you know there really are not
very many conservatives here and because
there are not very many conservatives I
really don't think there are very many
people sticking up for the voice of
conservatives at a company that handles
all the and a company that handles the
flow of conversations basically the
large portion of the discourse online
and we are essentially in charge of what
gets set and what gets stifled you
mentioned the election and the
consistent talk a little bit more about
your concerns as it pertains to Facebook
meddling or being involved in the 2020
election well we know publicly and as
someone even before I started working
there we saw plenty of we've seen plenty
of statements from Mark Zuckerberg
publicly about how they don't want to
meddle in the election they want to give
everybody a free you know the platform
for realistic freely but we know that
privately they have very different
opinions and we've seen that with the
previous Facebook story that you guys
published and I had no doubt that what
he said publicly is not what he means to
do privately
[Music]
let's go to the Trump cartoon this one
here is just something that you you all
right it's a little bit longer than I
thought it was gonna be but I will call
your attention to it and say you should
all watch it because today but today
might be a lot different than you
thought it was going to be so I think
you're gonna find out a lot in this
video I haven't seen it all but it's
gonna be a fun day
alright that's it for today I'll talk to
you tomorrow