the stock market is flattened out trying
to figure out what's true and what isn't
but I'll tell you what's true soon as we
get going first let me see if I've got
all my comments
working and I
do there we go
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams it's the
best thing that ever happened to you but
if you'd like to take this experience up
to levels that nobody can even
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need for that is a c Mar
glass a tanker chel a Cen Jer flask
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite a liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous sip it happens
now
spectacular oh it just keeps getting
better well let's talk about the people
who wasted money on Research number one
The Daily Mail is reporting that
according to new research SE Arch people
who are attractive get paid 11%
more as if my followers didn't know that
already so I hope you're all enjoying
your 11% extra pay because let's face it
you are the sexiest best looking group
of people on the entire planet so it
it's a little bit unfair but I think
they could have saved a little bit of
time and money by just asking me just
ask Scott hey Scott do you think
Attractive people make more money yes do
you think people who are men who are
taller make more money
yes you don't have to do that one either
I know all the answers to these how
about another
one according to SAI post Vladimir hry
writes that Anor might enhance creative
performance
again just ask me really you could just
ask me yes and anger creates you know
generates more creative performance I'm
getting a little mad at this right now
and look how much better I'm doing yeah
anger when I started the dillberg comic
uh there was a direct correlation
between how much something bothered me
and how funny I could make it 100%
perfect
correlation and in fact I I developed
the uh the humor concept that you can't
make it a joke about something that
doesn't bother you you just can't do it
you could try but it would just be oh
seat belts well actually seat belts are
pretty
good so just ask me next
time all right
uh according to the Daily
Mail this one sounds like I made it up
but I didn't make this up more than half
of dating app users plan to abstain from
masturbating this year
but uh but the article warrants there
could be all kinds of risks apparently
it makes your penis and Andor your
clitoris
shrink if you don't work it
out yeah it'll shrink um and it's you
good for your prostate if you're a guy
and it's good for your cardio
and I know a lot of people just replace
their cardio routine with masturbating
you just do it a little more
aggressively and it's all about the same
um
however um I think that the real reason
for the lack of
masturbating is that people don't look
as good to each other as they used
to have you how many of you have noticed
that it's not just me right now part of
it is I think you know I'm at a certain
age where I don't have really contact
with young people so I'm pretty much
seeing people my age and you know 50 and
over but uh it does seem like people are
way less attractive in the general
public if if you want if you want to see
somebody attractive let's say female you
know you end up looking at some you know
weird uh only fans situation and you and
and then you're like maybe yuck down by
that so yeah I could totally see why
people would just be less aroused
testosterone would be lower and I'm sure
for the women you know half of the men
look like look like they're just women
so so yeah I can see why people just be
giving
up according to the post millennial now
here's one of these things where you
think it couldn't be true what people
are claiming and then you see this stat
15% of women in federal prison were born
men so they're
trans
15% of women's prisons are biological
males now to make sense because because
biological males tend to be the ones who
create the most crimes so if you've got
enough trans you're going to be filling
your prisons with because men are just
more likely to commit crimes so yeah 15%
now that's something that Trump is
ending right I think he's yeah he's
going to change
that imagine if you went all through all
the trouble of going trans so you could
get into a women's prison and then they
then they pull you back in a Men's
prison you would be like you would feel
so good about yourself you're like yes I
beat the system yeah they can put me in
prison but they're going to have to put
me in the woman's prison because I put
on a dress then Trump's like okay take
your dress to The Men's prison oh that
that could work out entirely
differently well CNN's uh is getting rid
of
uh uh what's his name Jim Masta so Jim
Masta is quitting apparently because
they moved him to the midnight slot
which is what you do when you you're
trying to get somebody to quit on their
own because I think it's cheaper if they
quit so that worked that plan worked so
cost is out now he he had been the
dumbest guy or I I I don't know if he's
the dumbest let's say he was the one who
seemed least interested in the
truth but they have this uh new dumb
person uh C Katherine rampel who's on
the panels with Scott Jennings and some
other people and she's quite a quite a
piece of work it feels like CNN's just
trying to put their business completely
out of business like here here's
somebody you would only let on TV if you
were trying to destroy your own business
model I mean just incredible so she's
sort of a shaking TDS that old racist
kind of a kind of a panelist and uh she
was she went on a 5 minute rant about
how Elon Musk is clearly some kind of a
racist Nazi because of all the all the
little hints all the little hints uh
including the fact that twice he's
raised his hand above his waist oh I
didn't know that apparently twice one of
his hands has been higher than his waist
W I guess I'm going to have to rethink
everything here I thought he wasn't a
Nazi but now that I know his hand is
gone up twice above his waist I'm
rethinking
everything but wait there's more there's
more so part of her evidence is that the
actual Nazis in Germany I guess uh said
it was a salute oh no oh no the actual
Nazis said it's a salute in another
words
CNN is using Nazis as their source of
Truth why would you use Nazis as your
source of as your fact Checkers did they
replace replace Daniel Dale I'd like to
see Daniel Dale fact check that huh if
the Nazis say it's a salute it must be a
salute it's not because the Nazis want
to draw attention to themselves and act
exactly like people that they're more
popular than they are no it's not
opportunistic at
all let me tell you the proper way to
respond to that when somebody says but
but the Nazis say it's a
salute what you want to do is
uh you would say why do you think they
think it's a Nazi
salute it's because they watched
CNN where else would they learn that
that was a Nazi salute
they didn't make it up on their own do
you think they go around all day long
and every time somebody puts their arm
in the air they're like yep yep there's
another one Nazi salute no the reason
they're targeting Elon Musk is because
CNN told them it's a Nazi salute and
then they look at then they look at the
Nazis as the source no CNN you're the
source the Nazis never even would have
thought about it because there's not a
single Nazi that thinks that touching
your heart and saying my heart goes out
to you is see K not one you can't find
one Nazi that thinks that's that's the
case but you can find Nazis that watch
CNN can't you and and do you think they
watched Fox News no they weren't
watching Fox News because Fox News said
this is ridiculous it's obviously not a
Nazi slute so where are they getting
their information they're getting it
from CNN so CNN is the choice of news
for the Nazis which I think has to mean
something does doesn't it I mean connect
the dots right if if the Nazis are
getting their information from CNN that
would sort of suggest the CNN or Nazis
right I'm just seeing how stupid I could
be see if I can get a job on the
panel
anyway uh and the fact that
Netanyahu says absolutely he's not a
Nazi you know he he's a big friend of
Israel he came and he toured the
Holocaust sites You' think that would be
enough I'd like to suggest the
standard for knowing if somebody's a
Nazi now you you couldn't use this as an
absolute but I think if if the head of
Israel says in public this is ridiculous
he's a friend of Israel that should sort
of settle it don't you
think be because who's better at
spotting
Nazis the you know the actual
head of Israel or a panelist on CNN I
don't know I think Israel's got that
down Scott Jennings warned that she went
so far that she might want to lawyer up
because it was just such um such obvious
defamation now I don't I'm no expert on
defamation but suppose she did get
sued for suggesting with her five
minutes of evidence that musk must be a
Nazi suppose he's suit her what would be
what would be the
defense she would have to she would have
to either say she wasn't trying to
suggest he's Nazi which of course was
the entire point of her you know entire
thing that would be ridiculous or she'd
have to say I'm too stupid to know it's
not true so she'd actually have to her
defense would have to be that she says
things that are not true and she knows
it and didn't mean
it like it it would be a ridiculous
defense because it's so obviously
intentional and so obvious what her
intention
is I don't know I'm not sure if the
lawsuit is is worth that but uh then
Abby Phillip who's you the host for that
same panel she's the CNN host um she
gives a musk a hard time I think
separately for saying that Germany needs
to move past their
guilt so here's how she reframed move
past your
guilt she says is forgetting the
Holocaust did did Elon Musk say we
should forget the Holocaust again he
literally just toured the Holocaust
sites with
Netanyahu who else has done that who's
actually toured the Holocaust sites with
Netanyahu that that's as far as you can
get from Forgetting the Holocaust so
this is this is
so disgustingly stupid and Petty and
weak that I'm going to guess that Abby
philli will be the next one that CNN
gets rid of because their credibility is
really tanking with it with that
particular host I mean that's just
unforgivable really
anyway Jim acosta's out as I said he's
quit CNN but at least he has that Don
Lemon career path ahead of
him what
no all right I've got a question for you
I'm going to make a
generalization I don't think the
generalization holds for every case but
it might it goes like this when a Fox
News
host uh leaves Fox News
they can get a big audience because they
were a celebrity say Tucker
Carlson um now uh Hannity is not
planning to leave but suppose he did if
hanity left Fox News tomorrow don't you
think he'd have a huge podcast he would
because he's a
star um how about geld he's not going
anywhere because he's got two his shows
on Fox news but what if he
did he he would bring with him a
gigantic audience because is a star and
you could you know Go Right Down the
Line Jesse Waters blah blah blah blah
blah stars stars stars but here here's
what I noticed this
morning the stars make Fox
News that that's what makes it the
better show yeah they also have better
producers I always say that their
production their production skills are
just amazing so good um but they have
lots of stars and and part of part of
being good at producing
is making sure you selected people with
personality and character and could be
stars but it seems to me that the CNN
hosts none of them have an audience if
they were to leave I think they would
all turn into Don Lemon and you would
find that it was CNN that made them
famous and and successful I mean if
successful is the right word whereas uh
at Fox the the talent made the network
at CNN the network
makes the talent well known it seems
opposite is is that a fair a fair
generalization might be too far but you
know there's so many obvious examples of
it anyway MSNBC Rachel Mano says that uh
they made a difficult decision for what
she calls a news
organization so she calls MSNBC her
employer a news organization
okay and uh while she's lying about it
being a news organization she says she
doesn't want them uh that the network
has decided not to air all of the Trump
speeches because of all the things he
might say that are
untrue and she said that in the context
of claiming they're a news organization
now if you were underinformative
if you look at the design of it it
doesn't look like it's designed to be
news it looks like it's designed as
propaganda that's supposed to look like
it's also news now you could argue that
maybe the some other entities are the
same but it's the one that's most
obviously not really news it's most
obviously obviously just some kind of
Intel driven government Democrat driven
propaganda machine that just happens to
be in the slight in the news
domain then over at the The View uh
Senator fedman went on The View and uh
just slapped him down on this lawfare
stuff according to Fox News uh he said
the judicial system gets weaponized and
targeted political enemies for political
gain so he was saying that the New York
charges all
34 uh 34 felony counts which is what the
Democrats like to say Federman just
swept away all 34 felony counts by
saying obviously just lawfare there's no
way they would have taken anybody else
to court for that basically just on
her head on live TV and walked
away I'm just liking Federman now some
people are saying hey you know maybe
he'll turn into a republican because
he's he's got some uh skills that seem
to go both ways but as he pointed out um
he's got a number of policies that
wouldn't be compatible
with uh Republicans so he's not going to
change but uh my my smartest Democrat
friend who I often mention I've been
wanting to catch up with him because I
thought surely by now surely by now a
normal smart person watching the news
would realize that Trump is doing what
the public wants him to do by quite a
big majority he's the most popular he's
ever been and things are happen that
looked good so I was expecting oh this
is going to be good next time I see him
oh my God or hear from him I'm going to
i g to have my Victory lap and I won't
even have to say a thing I won't even
have to make my argument I'll be just
like told you
see instead I got an email saying that
he was planning ahead to the next race
and which Democrat and he gave a list of
them which Democrat did we think was
going to be the best candidate and he
said that you know once Trump has
completely embarrassed and destroyed the
country that we'll be ready for a p
Buddha
judge and I said seriously be
Buddha that would be your strongest
guy that almost sounds like a
joke I mean really of all the people in
the
world and and then he said but maybe he
can't get elected because he's gay
and then I said well how many
Republicans were going to vote for him
it it wouldn't matter if he was gay or
not gay no Republicans going to vote for
him so aren't you saying that the
Democrats
are
anti-gay I think he just called his own
party anti-gay because all he has to do
is get all the Democrat votes right
aren't there more Democrats than oh
maybe that changed actually I don't know
that I thought there were more Democrats
than Republicans but did that change did
it change this this
season anyway but but when you when you
see that other world and you get a peek
at it you think they really don't have
anything because if a smart
well-informed person on that side and
again he's very smart if if we were to
compare IQs I think I think he'd beat me
but wow Pete Buddha judge really yeah
forget about the gay part and I don't
I've never talked to anybody who cared
about that but how can he possibly win I
don't know maybe I'm wrong could be the
I'm the one who's being
silly uh AOC was trying her best to come
up with something that she could say
that doesn't sound dumb about Trump
butth this is the best she came up with
she said the Norms are starting to
embrace Trump the Norms are embracing
him why would you form that sentence let
let me fix that sentence Trump has
popular
policies Trump is doing popular things
people like it that's the way you say
that here's the way you say it if you're
just being weird the Norms are embracing
Trump that's sort of like saying the car
ran over somebody and the knife stabbed
somebody and the the gun killed
somebody I I really think it's the
person doing the thing it's not the
thing doing the person is it did did the
Norms form into some kind of a morphous
gaseous entity and did it did it then
Embrace Trump oh the Norms are embracing
you no it's just words what the
hell the the Democrats are so lost so
lost it's just crazy the best they have
is word salad and uh I think the uh the
Nazis watch CNN believe he's a
Nazi so Trump gave a speech yesterday to
a republican group
and he was on the stage for most of the
time with h Mike Johnson and Steve
scales and I just had a moment while I
was watching
that do you realize that of those three
scalise Trump and
Johnson two out of three Republican
leaders have been
shot two out of
three of the top Republican leaders have
been shot
I
mean I like I'm my mind is
boggled like
really
shot two out of
three like I don't even have a comment
on
that but that's that's the world we live
in
God
um one of the things Trump did that is
it's it's vexing if you're a supporter
uh as I am but it's also so on point
with what what he does he starts by
teasing that you know he can't run for a
third term but you know maybe maybe he
can you know he needs to check that
out now I think he's
kidding but whether he's kidding or
not you know that that's what the the
bad guys are going to pick up on and
they're going to be running around in a
circle saying that you want a third term
I think I think he does that
intentionally right because he doesn't
have the ability to be uninteresting
Trump is genetically interesting
everything he does is a little bit
interesting and so he's just giving a
talk and he throws out the the reddest
of all red meat I might run for a third
term you know never leave
office I think he's just trolling and
and keeping them talking about the least
important thing that's you know not real
in any way but but
wow
um Trump said uh he was talking about
CNN at the same speech and Trump says uh
they say we had the greatest first week
in presidential history even CNN is
saying this guy is amazing I said did
CNN really say that but nobody watches
so nobody was able to
[Laughter]
confirm that's the trumpi thing that
anybody ever said from Trump
the trumpi thing is making fun of CNN
and then then saying the CNN
complimented him but he can't confirm it
because nobody watches
[Laughter]
CNN now that is just genuinely funny all
right there's speaking of fake news
there's a story today that's either two
separate stories or fake news or too too
complicated for us to understand so I
woke up to see that
uh the that Trump has said the US
military just entered the great state of
California and according to Trump under
emergency Powers they turned on the
water flowing abundantly from the
Pacific Northwest and Beyond the the
days of putting fake environmental
argument over people are over enjoy the
Water California all right so he's
drawing a picture where all you had to
do was send in the smart people to turn
on the spigot and then all of LA's
California water problems would be
solved so California wouldn't do it
because of some environmental thing so
we send somebody in to turn on the water
and we're all fixed now now does that
sound true to you when you read that do
you say oh yeah there's nothing else I
need to know about that story did that
did that just hit the Bull's Eye for you
all right so here's a reporter for uh I
think it's the LA uh
paper um saying that military did not
enter Cali California no I think it was
somebody from the water district or
something the military did not enter
California the federal government
restarted Federal water pumps after they
offline for maintenance for three days
state water supplies in Southern
California remain plentiful all right so
Trump says there's not enough water
California says water is
plentiful Trump says he he created whole
new flow of
water the state says no they just turned
on some things that were down for
maintenance for 3 days so basically
nothing so was it
nothing or was it
something and I still don't know but I
will refer you to a long thread on
California water situation from Joel
Pollock you can see that in my feed or
you can see it in his feed um on X and
here's the situation the the water
situation in California is complicated
it's complicated not only because
there's a whole bunch of different
aqueducts and sources and you know
different things going to different
places but there's also a history so
there's a history of what was and what
they had to change and what was an
environmental change and you know what
was the natural situation with the
weather when it rained and when it
didn't and you'd kind of have to know it
all to know what's true and what
isn't I don't know at all what I do know
is it's complicated enough that I have
no idea what happened I don't think
Trump gave California more water I don't
think that
happened but I'm just guessing because
the story is too complicated so what
will be interesting is to see how CNN
and other places uh handle it because if
this just turns into two movies where
Fox News says uh says Trump turned on
all the water and everything's fixed and
then seeing says nothing
happened we're not really going to be
well served as a public and I worry that
that's going to happen one will say it
happened and one will just say it didn't
happen and then we'll just go to the
next topic and we'll never know what
happened and we'll just keep our
individual views of that forever maybe
but uh let's talk about uh Karen Bass
the mayor of La who is getting a lot of
heat for her handling of the situation
you know what she announced today
that they would hire a
consultant to help
rebuild a
consultant do you know what that
is do you know what happens when the
mayor says we're going to hire a
consultant to make recommendations about
our gazillion dollars that it will take
to build
things I don't know how to interpret
that except that it's a crime in
progress my understanding of local
governments at least for the bigger
cities is that they're they're all
corrupt and they're corrupt in a
specific way that's easy to do and is
common to all local government which is
once you're the one who's in charge of
where the money goes or even hiring the
person who decides where the money goes
that that's always a pay for play in
other words there's some Kickback going
to the mayor every time now it might not
be obvious could be indirect could be
something that she cares about something
else but in every case I expect if the
mayor appoints the consultant who's
going to make these decisions that's
just a rigged political money-making
process that has nothing to do with
what's good for the public I thought
that when Trump was going to put a
special master in charge of you know
making sure the money from the federal
government didn't get wasted I was
hoping we would avoid exactly this Karen
bass deciding who a consultant would be
there's nothing that's a bigger red
signal basically that's saying they're
not going to fix it that's saying
they're going to steal it if if you tell
me I got a consultant to figure out how
to do it I just hear you stole it you
not even planning to do anything but
steal it and there's a lot of money
involved so of course they're going to
steal it if they can so I don't have a
specific detailed accusation about Karen
bass it's my assumption that everybody
in those jobs is Ste
and they're doing it one way or another
and it's just the most normal thing in
the world and it's why all of our cities
are crap because the people in charge
are always
stealing as far as I can
tell now you're a consultant well a
consultant for a business is very
different than a consultant to to a city
if the mayor Pi picks the consultant
that's just a gigantic signal for
something bad
if a company picks a consultant well it
just depends how good the consultant is
I me it's entirely just a you know did
you get what you paid for but the the
city stuff is just all in the context of
corruption I think that's just my belief
I don't have any proof of it but I just
assume it the reason I assume it is it's
such an easy crime to get away with that
over time the people who want to do that
crime are the people who are going to
try the hardest for those jobs
so they and they would succeed anyway
Rand Paul's going to um investigate 14
agencies that had something to do with
the co over the co origin
story so he thinks that that's a good
time to find that out uh that that Co
origin
story is just so weird because I really
thought everybody knew it was the lab
from early on and now we're pretending
like we're just learning it was the lab
there's something I don't even
understand about that I thought we all
knew that for years
weird uh meanwhile New York Magazine did
a what we call a rupar edit on their
cover so I did a story about a gathering
of young
Republicans and conservatives I guess
bunch of partying conservatives and they
commented that a photo that showed the
crowd at least a closeup of the crowd uh
didn't have any they they were all
white so New York Magazine runs a
photo and says seems like they're all
white their very own
photo had uh several black attendees
that they cropped out they literally
cropped the black people out and then
said there's no no black
people it gets
better guess who hosted guess who hosted
the
event it was hosted by CJ Pearson who is
a young black
conservative the thing was hosted by a
young well-known black guy uh and and
there were black people in attendance of
course so that's that's your media for
you meanwhile uh Robbie Starbuck is
saying that uh on X 19 attorney generals
just sent a letter to Costco warning
that Dei policies are illegal because it
discriminates on Race 19 attorney
generals just went after
Costco is that
enough what would happen if the other
attorney generals waigh in on the other
side and said oh that's not that's not
bad Dei is good because that would be
the blue States versus Red State
situation well um here's what I think so
the first thing I do is look up who is
the CEO of of Costco and it's a white
guy it's a white guy have I have I
warned you about white
guys white guys are pretty much the
source of all Dei now some some of you
can say no no it's it's white women
white women because they're the ones in
the they're more white women in Dei jobs
so you'd say it's white women to which I
say no that's a trick by the white men
that's just a white man trick they hire
women for those jobs and minorities for
those jobs so that you'll think Dei is
caused by the women or the minorities
who are in the de I jobs no it's the CEO
it's the CEO covering his big fat ass so
that you think you can give him 12
million dollar a year which Costco does
and he's a good guy if you put any white
man in that job and they're going to say
wait a minute let me see if I understand
this if I just pretend I'm really big on
Dei you're going to give me $12 million
a year yes suppose I didn't
pretend that like thei well I know it'd
be hard to hard to say that you should
be in that job
because I'm pretty sure we like that
stuff yeah so the problem is always
white men covering their ass H as I've
said before I've been deeply
discriminated against for gender and
race in my career you know first at a
bank then at the phone company and then
in TV work but every
time a white man was behind it who was
covering his own fat ass every time so
I've never been discriminated against by
anybody except white guys were
covering their ass so 19 attorney
generals just went after a white
guy covering his ass let's see who wins
I'm going to bet on the Attorneys
General well Mike Lee based Mike Lee has
a uh interesting idea to handle the
cartels have you ever heard of there's a
constitutional
um constitutional component I guess that
allows something called letters of Mark
spelled m a r quu e and these haven't
been used in a 100 years or so but what
it was is when the US government wanted
to take care of something like let's say
Pirates they didn't like Pirates they
could hire their own Pirates to kill the
other Pirates or they could hire
basically a private army they could they
could give them Authority to act on
behalf of the United States just by
being real bastards against something
that we didn't like so and the and the
people who got the letter of Mark could
keep the booty so if they took out a
pirate they could just keep it and that
would be their profet so that's why
that's why people would say yes to it so
it hasn't been used in a long time but
uh Mike Le suggesting that what if we
did use it against the cartels suppose
we said
if you wanted to form a private militia
now it would have to be it would have to
be authorized not not on your own right
you would have to go to the government
and the government would have to issue
an actual letter of Mark you know an
official act that would authorize you to
take out the cartels and keep their
money do do you think do you think uh
that there would be anybody who willing
to take that I mean you know I've never
been a special forces
person but if I were retired Special
Forces and I thought I could get a big
payday and I wasn't afraid of that kind
of
stuff I don't know I don't know it might
be able to raise private militia um I
wouldn't do this until the the normal
way of doing business failed completely
but it's kind of interesting I wouldn't
rule it out I think it's too soon to try
it because we should just do more normal
stuff first but let's
see all right well it's been 24 hours
since that deep seek AI hit hit the uh
world and yesterday the open AI stock um
or actually Nidia stock dropped about 16
17% which is really big because it's you
trillion trillions of dollar company and
people thought oh no it's the end of the
United States AI industry and I think I
told you yesterday not so fast you it'll
probably take a hit because people are
processing the news so if you're still
processing the news of this Ultra cheap
competitor and AI that comes out of
China that's actually open source it
doesn't even cost anything so
if so my caution was that it'll probably
take a hit but by the end of the year
the stock would probably recover and be
ahead of it now it looks like it flat
flattened out
today so we may have already hit the
bottom but here's what I
predicted and uh you can already see it
coming true what I predicted was is that
the
US would start seeing issues with it and
those issues would allow the government
to have cover for degrading this as a
product that can really be used so
here's what I
mean question number one how would we
know if it was trained on propaganda the
the source code is open so you can see
all the source code but the source code
doesn't tell you what it was trained on
the data that was trained on is is not
something we have access to so what if
they just trained it on a bunch of
pro-china propaganda you know plus all
the generic stuff in the world so that
it was essentially a brainwashing
tool how do we
know well the only way we' know is by
asking a questions that would get to
that very point and it turns out people
are asking that
question um and sure enough uh so Joshua
Harley was asking us some questions and
if he ask us some questions about China
that it doesn't want to answer it
actually starts to answer them and into
racism while you watch I can't talk
about that so it does know
you know some bad stuff about china such
as the Wagers let's say but and it will
start to write it and then it will
whoops which means that they've got some
kind of safety valve on there that makes
it change its mind I don't know if you
could find that safety valve in the
code where else would it be so that's an
open
question um so so we've got the issue um
and then
then Joshua Hartley also asked it if it
used any or how how it was created and
it said that it was created with these
Nvidia
gpus now that's that's deep seek itself
saying it was created using these chips
that it should not have legal access
to so the question I have is is that
real did did China really allow it to
say that it uses stolen
technology here's what I think this just
a just a
presumption what I think is that um it
could be that deep seek hallucinated the
use of those chips because that would be
a good
hallucination because if it knows that
there's no way it could be AI unless it
had had some uh some of those ships
involved wouldn't it just make the
connection on its own so so let me say
it more to the point more to the point
if what if what uh deep seek knows is
only what it was trained on why in the
world would China train it on secret
data that says they stole some gpus from
Nvidia or got them in some illicit way
how in the
world how in the world would deep sea
even have access to that to train on it
so I wonder if it if it found that in
its training and China didn't know how
to that it had to get rid of that uh or
did it just assume that there's no other
way it could exist unless some Nvidia
gpus were involved so you really can't
tell if it really thought that or it
just assumed that so that's interesting
so we don't know if it's a propaganda
machine we we can see evidence that it
it is hiding what we would think is the
truth um we don't know if it's
hallucinating
and it's it's also should be noted that
most people who use it in the long run
will use the version that's connected to
China so they can connect your they they
can collect your personal information
again now a lot of the news about deep
seek was that so exciting you could run
it on a local computer
but the local one will never be as good
as the one that's connected all the
time so we're going to get all excited
about the local one which basically will
be a toy you know just maybe another
user interface but the real one the one
people would use if they just go to
their browser because they don't want to
figure out how to load it on their
personal computer will be
connected so again it's a way for China
to collect all kinds of information on
its
users so the that and then we find out
that there's this huge Cyber attack on
deep
seek now who would do that who would do
a major Cyber attack on deep sea well
first of all they'd have to have a lot
of skill let's say could it be China
well no it's it's China's product so
they wouldn't attack it could it be
Russia no it doesn't seem like something
Russia would do why would they Iran no
Israel no
Europe no they don't they're barely in
AI so who who would do such a
thing I I can only think of us if it's
not the United States it should be
because if it's true that our biggest AI
companies are and it looks like it's
confirmed are going to be in bed with
the CIA the CIA can't let China destroy
the AI industry in the United
States there 's probably no limit to
what the CIA would do to make sure that
the US is dominant in AI so the first
thing the CIA would do if they're doing
their job and if they're you know in bed
with AI is they would look to destroy
deep seek so if I had to guess who's
doing a major Cyber
attack probably
us I mean can you come up with a better
idea do you think the Sri Lankans just
decided to go to
war like who else would it be
Africa what Greenland Greenland decided
to kind of assert itself I mean honestly
who else would it be now I guess you
could say well it could be
individuals
really maybe but why would the
individuals want to take out this great
free new product I don't know sounds
like us
so as you know there's an ACC accusation
that The Whistleblower for open AI was
murdered now if it's true that
controlling AI in the world is an
existential most important thing for our
country and it might be might be the
most important
thing would the CIA kill an American
citizen to guarantee American
dominance probably yes that doesn't mean
they did but wouldn't that be sort of on
point
killing one person to save the country
again not saying that they
did but I kind of feel like that's their
job I hate to say it if they're trying
to keep the country
safe and The Whistleblower would have
taken down our most important AI
asset it feels like we would have killed
them we meaning somebody associated with
our government and the same with deep
seek so what I expect and what I
predicted is that our government will
try to degrade access to or even the
product itself so I think we will
probably see a massive campaign to say
it's too dangerous like Tik Tok or
something and somehow it will be banned
eventually unless unless we just out
compete it which is also possible we
might just out compete it so grock 3 is
launching this week which is 10 times
the computing power and pretty soon
voice mode is coming so you can talk to
grock and grock's got the I think the
most impressive uh data center which
should give it either now or soon the
most impressive AI so I feel like even
if AI is free like you can get a free uh
deep seek I'm still going to take the
one that's
better if it's you know say $20 a
month I think I'm always going to want
the one that's better
so we'll see I think America is going to
be way more competitive than we thought
for 24 hours when that free one dropped
deportations up to 12200 uh on Sunday
and so the I guess Trump wanted that
number to get up it was only it was only
in the lower hundreds for a few days um
but only 600 people crossed illegally on
Sunday that's like a that's a
ridiculously low number now turns out
that closing the Border wasn't that hard
just like Trump
said Wall Street Journal is reporting
that uh the Trump justice department uh
fired more than a dozen lawyers that
were working with Jack Smiths to
prosecutions of the president now I'm
completely in favor of that I I think
that if you were a prosecutor and you
willingly take an
assignment that is clearly lawfare
and the person you're trying to laware
gets into office you're
fired you're very fired and that's the
way it should be because if you're going
to cross that line and lawfare somebody
because you can when they get in power
they're going to fire your ass and I am
so on board for that because that's what
we need that's good for the country it's
good for the country that the bad guys
know that there's a price and the price
is their jobs and if you want if if you
want to think oh I'm just being a lawyer
just doing what I'm told no you better
think about it next time you better
think it through because Trump's coming
for you if you came for him and I'm I'm
absolutely on board with that you got to
rebalance the power structure you got to
make sure there's a deterrent for bad
behavior uh Invidia is up to an half
percent yeah so so I think that might
have been a one- day Scare and a lot of
people are trying to get into Nvidia at
a good entry price so I think there were
I think there was a ton of money on the
side Sidelines thinking well I kind of
want to own
Nvidia but it seems to just go up too
much every day and I haven't bought it
yet and then it looks like it's a good
price
so all right so you might know that uh
Scott bessent got confirmed so he's
going to be the treasury
secretary and uh he's helping Trump push
the idea of tariffs as opposed to income
tax now I wanted to run some numbers so
I used perplexity AI which got different
numbers than so I'll tell you both
um so I thought to myself is that really
something that could happen like how
much do we collect in
taxes or how much is the budget I guess
how much is the
budget and
then how much would we have to charge in
tariffs to replace all of our income tax
and and so I did a quick calculation and
it looks like if Trump put a 20% tariff
on every single thing that comes into
the country it would be 5 to 10% of what
we need to cover the
budget 20% tariff on every single import
every single one would only be 5 to 10%
of what we need to cover the current
budget now the current budget is
probably twice what it should be I'm not
sure we can ever reduce that but let's
say that goes down 30% you know let's
say doge is just wildly successful
you're still not even close so I don't
really
understand uh the whole tariff instead
of income tax is that is that really
based on Something
Real the numbers don't look like they
could possibly add up but I I would like
to be corrected about that so if I'm
wrong about that you let me know
um the good news about tariffs is it LO
it encourages local production because
it would give therefore it would give a
some cost advantages to doing things
locally um so that's good but I don't
think that that's enough of a boost to
make it make sense what might make sense
is uh tariffs at the same time as other
things uh according to uh Ann
uh garelli for the Washington
examiner uh there are two law
enforcement officers who have said that
the Mexican
cartel uh has put a green light to open
fire on US Federal enforcement at the
border do you believe
that um I'm not sure I could totally
trust you know some law enforcement
people who said they heard it so I don't
know if they have good sources but do
you believe the
cartel just said it's War just open
fire we're going to have to wait and see
it doesn't feel like the right play you
know as much as you want to hate the
cartels they do act like a well oiled
machine
unfortunately and would it make sense
for them to escalate before they had to
seems like they should try to avoid all
contact with the US Military
uh for as long as
possible to to May because maybe then
the American political system will talk
you know talk us out of doing it so I
don't know if I believe that but we're
going to find out there there were some
uh shots exchanged just yesterday I
think but that might have been a one-off
we'll
see yeah sound like
BS all right yeah if you say it's BS
there's a lag in the comments so you're
going to have to tell me the topic so I
know which one of which one of my topics
is
BS so Nidia chips in the research paper
deep seeks engineers said they used the
older chips not the best ones and 2,000
of them all
right all right so ladies and
gentlemen that's what I had for to
today's topic is there anything I missed
I thought I'd Zoom through it and get
back get you back to
work all right uh I'm going to talk to
the uh locals people privately for a few
minutes
subscription uh the the people who are
behind the subscription pay wall
and uh I'm going to change all this soon
okay and we'll do the closing zip as
soon as uh I've hit the willbe private
button takes about 30 seconds if you're
on uh YouTube or X or Rumble thanks for
joining I'm going private with just the
locals people now and I'll see you
tomorrow
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e