bum bum bum bum hey everybody come on in
it's a little over lit today because I'm
gonna be reading off my gigantic
computer screen which creates more light
than the Sun true more light than the
Sun but before we get going with all the
news have you noticed how much news
there is oh there's a lot of news it's
all interesting today so let's talk
about it but first let's prepare
properly and all you need is a cup or a
mug a class of tanker Charles or Stein
the canteen drug to flash a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the dopamine the end of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous M does it sound
like I was giving a lot of phone calls
at 2:00 a.m. this morning and I didn't
get enough sleep
well you're right join me now I'm so
tired I can barely remember my name so
this will be interesting so I just
published a tweet thread on my one week
challenge for people to give me examples
of systemic racism because like most of
you I just didn't know what it was did
any of you think you knew what it was
so let me tell you what I found out and
I will look at my own thread here to
remind myself of all that goodness so
what I found out is everybody has
different opinions of what it is now
there might be some people who have the
same opinions but there are lots of
different ones right so if you ask two
people hey describe to me what is
systemic racism you can get very
different answers and let me give you
some of them and then you can see if
you agree with these she's all right
I'll find it I'm so tired and can't even
find my own tweets all right so here are
some examples I got I got lots of
examples that would apply would apply to
anybody poor so let me ask you if you
would call this systemic racism so if
there's somebody who lives in a poor
neighborhood because historically there
are conditions that caused it to be a
poor neighborhood they have probably a
school system that has less funding
because of a smaller tax base and
therefore a worse education and that bad
education will basically ripple into the
future forever so that would be one
given example of systemic racism to
which I say wait a minute I was born in
a town with a low tax base I went to a
bad school your relative to you know
better funded schools so how can you
have systemic racism if it applies at
least in this specific example of
underfunded school it would be the same
the white kids who happen to go to that
underfunded school are they doing better
oh right how does that example work
alright give you some more so I reject
that because of the ply to anybody who
is poor and there are lots of people who
were poor of all types I got lots of
answers that were outcome based meaning
that if the if the outcomes for any
group were different
that's your systemic racism to which I
say is it is it do we have enough
science to know that that's the one
reason for the different outcomes I
don't think we have that kind of science
now I'm not saying that you know then I
know what's going on because I don't but
I would say that different outcomes is
not even close
to getting you a reason why you have the
different outcomes there's a lot of
you'd have to a lot of work you'd have
to do to get to the why some people told
me that a non racist system let's say a
system that doesn't have any rules that
are different by race let's say the
legal system so on paper the legal
system is colorblind but only on paper
in reality it produces disparate
outcomes and I think most people would
agree that that is true but is that
proof of systemic racism if you don't
know why you have different outcomes and
has the Y been looked into I don't think
so before I blocked Tim Poole
I had to block him because he he he did
some bad mind-reading in public so I
have a rule that I block anybody who
attributes an opinion to me and then
criticizes the opinion that they
hallucinate it as if it was my opinion
and I'm not even involved in this at all
so okay that wasn't my opinion and I
can't really speak to the criticism of
your hallucination of it so whenever I
encounter such individuals I blocked
them because it's just been my
experience that interacting with them
just causes more of that like anybody
who does that once they're not going to
stop doing that all right then we'll
just come up with a new hallucination
for what you're thinking if you disprove
that one they'll come up with another
hallucination of what you're thinking
now I'm not saying that that would apply
to Tim Poole specifically I'm saying
that as a pattern I've noticed in life
my my experience of life is better if I
just immediately get rid of people who
are like that and see in the comments
free Tim Poole but let me say clearly
it's nothing personal there's nothing
personal about this I think I saw to you
from Tim
that thought I know he just mind his
reaction to being blocked was to do more
of what got him blocked which is to
imagine he knows what I'm thinking or
why I do anything and then saying it in
public by the way somebody says
somebody's bringing a certain of hitch
into it
here's something that Mike Savage has
never done he is never he's never
assigned a motive or a thought to me in
public and then criticized it in public
and I don't think he ever will because
it's a up thing to do
it's completely up never never
assign somebody a motive that they have
not that they have not said themselves
and then criticize them for it you can
ask them if they're thinking that you
can ask them to clarify their opinion
perfectly fine but just coming up with
an opinion about what I'm thinking and
then saying it in public and it's wrong
it's not even close
and then criticizing it therefore that
creates a permanent record that would
confuse people about my opinion I don't
want a confusing permanent record so I
just delete people who do that you and
there there are certain people who will
do it over and over again that's all I'm
saying all right back to this topic of
systemic racism
so Tim pools example is that let's say
there's something small that happens the
snowballs let's say you get a speeding
ticket and you can't afford to pant the
next time you get stopped maybe the cop
says you didn't pay your tickets maybe
your lice get license gets take in but
you should still have to go to work next
thing you know you hear in jail you know
just it just builds and builds from that
little infraction that you just can't
recover from maybe maybe you got put in
jail for something minor but now you've
got a jail record so it just accumulates
but I rejected that
Tim got mad because he didn't see my
post in which I responded to him so he
thought I didn't respond and they got
extra mad for me not responding but of
course I had responded he just didn't
see it and what I responded was that
that example as far as I can tell would
apply to everybody who is poor how does
a poor white person pay a speeding
ticket do poor white people just
suddenly get money if they need to pay a
speeding ticket I think this just
applies to poor people now there may be
a version of this that doesn't apply to
everybody equally but I didn't hear it
now I did say that I'm convinced I think
all the data suggests this or says it
pretty clearly that authority figures be
they teachers cops or judges whatever I
think they do treat young
african-american males in particular
differently on average wouldn't you say
that's probably true I mean but we don't
know why right is that the one reason
because I think it's true but you only
have one reason that that authority
figures are treating African American
young males differently let me let me
see if I doze of you watch me know that
I'm on a sort of a non-stop path to try
to get myself cancelled now I don't want
to be cancelled but as I've said before
you have to walk right up through the
line of cancellation to be honest enough
to say anything useful so if you're not
right on the edge of getting cancelled
you're also you're just not useful
you're just not part of the conversation
you're just you're just way over there
lying about stuff so that nobody will be
mad at you so if you can't walk up to
that line maybe just don't be part of
the conversation because because you
can't possibly help if you're too afraid
of saying the wrong thing so let me say
something that I think is so
inappropriate I'll get cancelled see
what you think
so you and I and most people have been
watching lots of coverage of the
protests okay so when I watch the
protests and I'm watching people get
into physical alteration altercations
I'm saying to myself okay what if I were
in that position don't you do that
automatically okay you see you see the
TV scuffle and you put yourself in the
position of somebody you read through
the cop or you the you're the protestor
or maybe you go back and forth but it's
just sort of normal you you read
yourself into the story exactly the way
when the George Floyd the video came out
what was so powerful about that is that
no matter who you were you know no
matter your ethnicity your age anything
you put yourself into George Floyd's
world they're just four nine minutes you
know yeah I at least for me it was just
automatic I wasn't the cop I was George
Floyd when I watched the video and I
think that's why every white person who
watches said ah okay now I get it
like before I knew what you were saying
and intellectually I understood it but
now I get it
like in a full-body way like now I feel
like artificially I inhabited his life
at least in my imagination during those
last moments of life it was horrible now
you know I'm emotionally sort of
compatible with what you're saying so
there are a lot of things we saw that
you know make us just automatically read
ourselves into this situation that's a
long way of saying this if you looked at
the two primary groups that were in the
protest among the protesters themselves
you had the black lives matter people
and you had a lot of ante foe looking
people right when I watched any of the
ante for looking people getting into
some kind of a scuffle here's what I
said to myself I could take that guy did
yeah I did any of you have that that
feeling maybe it's just a male feeling I
don't know
how many women would think in that way
but if you're a man and you see I think
any two people fighting you
automatically put yourself in the fight
just the same way you see a video of you
know a tragedy you just put yourself
there and I put myself in the fight and
I say to myself I could I could take
that ante I you know if I had to not
everyone
some of them are pretty big yeah I
couldn't if auntie if a guy is six feet
tall and you know he's pretty beefy but
none of them looked let's say like they
play sports I'm just saying I'm just
saying I didn't do a survey right I
don't have data this is purely
subjective and and biased completely
subjective and biased but since what
we're talking about is how we're
persuaded by things I'm not telling you
what's true I'm just telling you know I
felt this is just my impression so I'm
watching the antifa guys miles and miles
of video footage scuffle scuffle and
every time I look at them I'm thinking
yeah I might be able to take that guy I
mean I'm 63 years old five feet eight
away 158 pounds and still you know just
because just because I have muscle
definition and you know if you put me in
a situation I can handle myself I
thought to myself I could take most of
those guys even mate now I also saw many
many miles of footage of black men young
black men who were in scuffles or some
not in scuffles you know some of them
were just protesting and do you know
what I said when I watched any of the
black people in any kind of an
altercation I'll tell you what I said
that guy would kick my ass I
would not want to get in a fight with
that guy he looks like he could
tear me a part now am I being
racist
I don't know you watched the same video
as me do you think that the black people
looked as soft and weak as the white
people I don't I mean to me it looked
like a pretty big difference there was
there was a physicality difference that
was hard hard enough to notice now am I
being racist to say that it was my
impression that the black people in
those protests were far more fit is that
racist you watched it
what did you see if there's a if there's
anybody and I hope there is are there
any black people on this periscope who
will just back me up on this
did it not look to you like most of the
black people were far more fit and
capable physically capable and most of
the white people who looked like they'd
been playing video games in the basement
for the last seven years now if you're a
cop and you pull over some we looking
anti foul white guy who weighs a hundred
and forty pounds and you know he's never
thrown a punch how do you treat him are
you worried probably not and you're not
really worried not in the same way now
let's say you pull over a guy who's your
size
he's your size or he's bigger and he
looks like he he looks like he notices
let's say he notices we're out you know
what I mean he's a guy who looks like he
could take care of himself in the fight
you don't know if he's a fighter you
just look at him you're saying I don't
know it looks like he could take care of
himself in the fight do you treat him
exactly the same as this skinny little
punk white kid who you know couldn't
throw a punch and if he did it wouldn't
hurt you anyway I don't think so I don't
think so
now who studied that difference that's
just one of maybe 15 differences that
you would find if you started digging
down into the why of things the thing we
continually ignore is that and I teach
you this consistently it's one of the
most important rules of persuasion
they'll say it again the way you act
when you and I are together the way you
act is up to me as soon as you think
it's the other way around the whole
world is confusing and nothing will make
sense to you now of course you have
agency and you you can also make your
own decisions and a part you know the
biggest part of what you do is going to
be yourself but until you understand how
much I can change your actions you're
just lost you're just lost let me go a
little bit closer to the line of getting
cancelled is there anybody who believes
anybody black anybody white anybody
Asian American is there anybody in any
group who believes this isn't true that
different groups respond differently to
the police does anybody doubt that the
different groups probably respond
differently to authority figures in
general does anybody believe that every
group responds the same on average again
it's an average every individual is
going to be different right you know
there's no there's no general statement
that applies to every person can we
agree on that we're at least beyond that
right we know the averages don't mean
anything for any one person that's the
whole point of racism that yeah we were
confused about the average applying to
the individual but do you think that the
average asian-american would get stopped
by police reacts exactly the same as the
average white American white America
yeah is that even a word or is or the
average African American well how many
differences do you see number one is the
average physical size of the average
African American who stopped by the
place if you were just just to say all
right well let's just weigh them let's
just take their height and their weight
would it be the same if you're a cop do
you treat somebody the same if they're
small
do you treat women the same as men you
should write shouldn't you treat women
the same as men I mean except for you
know searching them you want to have a
woman to do the search and stuff so the
special cases yes of course would be
differences but just in terms of your
demeanor how much force you use do you
think you use the same on to the police
use the same force on women as they do
one men I doubt it I doubt it do you
think that the average asian-american
scares a police officer the same way
that the average african-american that
they don't know anything about do you
think the police are being you know
having the same reaction probably not
now is that racism kind of kind of it's
kind of racism isn't it but on the other
hand is it is that the bad kind if the
thing you're if the thing you're
reacting to is the physical size and the
and the extent of the threat to you
personally is that racism because I'm
not talking about an average I'm talking
about there's two specific people
one is smallish one is large I know it
feels like it'd be different
let me ask you this if you believed that
if you if your history your personal
history the thing that defines you was a
legacy of slavery and that and that was
like a just a big part of your mental
you know your mental map was that
slavery is was your origin story how
would you how would you naturally react
to Authority if that was a defining part
of your personality would you would you
react the same as I would when my
defining story was the founders of the
United States think about it my origin
story if you will you know the thing
that you're brainwashed with as a kid is
that the the people that I should relate
two would be George Washington you know
Thomas Jefferson oh forget about the
slavery part for a minute you know we're
just looking at their good parts because
that's how I was brainwashed as a kid I
was brainwashed to literally ignore
their bad parts and say look at these
white people who are leaders and
inventors and revolutionaries in a good
way and they did all these wonderful
things oh let's ignore the fact they
were raping their slaves we won't talk
about that now my origin story is about
authority that I am part of Authority
I'm part of I'm part of the you know the
rule in class if you will just by virtue
of being a white guy that wasn't born
into a ruling class but it is my origin
story all right now I encounter an
authority figure what would be the
natural way that I would respond to an
authority figure if I had been trained
from birth that I am one right if you're
dealing with somebody who's just you at
a different age you're perfectly polite
if they if if I talk to a CEO or a
teacher when I was a kid or a police
office or something I saw them as part
of the structure this mean you know
stuff the leadership you know people in
control authority figures
well that's either what I'm already if
I'm a holder or when I was a kid I just
assumed I would be an authority figure
someday I always thought I would be an
authority figure so my feeling about
Authority was somewhat positive
suppose your origin story was that the
authority figures were raping and
killing you for generations do you act
the same it'd be hard if you're a human
being with normal normal brain that'd be
pretty hard to start with that you know
to start that far in the well and find
your own way out without a lot of help
right most of us don't have a lot of
help so here's my point
to imagine that everybody who has such a
different origin story such a different
cultural influences to imagine that
everybody as a group responds in ways
that are similar enough that the only
thing you need to know is what the cops
did the only data you need to know is
what the is what the teacher did the
only data you need to know is what the
authority figure did I would say that's
naive to the point of intentional
stupidity because you're gonna need to
know a lot more things to know what
happened in any situation you're gonna
need to know the sizes ages you're gonna
need to know expectations what their
history I just a million things their
income I could go on alright let's see
what else is in the news today oh the
fun stuff is the John Bolton book so one
of the great the great stories in the
John Bolton book which looks like just
made-up stuff to me now we've seen the
number of these tell-all books and they
all have that same quality the worst
thing in the book doesn't have other
witnesses have you noticed that all
these tell-all books have the same
quality there are a few little bombshell
things in there they're like oh man you
can't believe this happened and what's
the next thing you find out about it
no witnesses except for the person who
wrote the book and if there were other
people in the room they don't remember
happening they didn't see it huh what a
coincidence so the the John Bolton won
which is hilarious is he says that the
president said the President to
President Xi of China that Trump
allegedly told them she that building a
concentration camps for we Gers was fine
and he should do more of it
do you think there's any chance that
happened no there's no chance that that
happened and then you know as soon as I
read that I'm like okay start the timer
timer is running that one - there it is
there's the guy who was in the room I
think it was lighthouse or something who
said I was in the room I don't remember
anything like that now I think you'd
remember something like that
and of course the story had translators
involved so there's Davi there's a
pretty obvious place where things could
have gone wrong if there were
translators involved all right now the
other thing you don't know is what
Trump's inner strategy was so you don't
know anytime you see a story of Trump
dealing with Putin Trump dealing with
President Xi Trump dealing with Kim
jong-un the stories the the criticism
stories will typically be of the form
Trump gave them too much right you've
seen it for Kim Putin and now President
Xi the president Trump oh he's such a
great negotiator is he he gave them too
much and it'll be a specific point of
something he gave him in North Korea the
point was that he let him do some
short-range rocket testing that
technically you know that he said it was
okay and it probably wasn't with Xi I
guess it was something about the tariffs
being reduced if she would buy more
products which he never did more foreign
products which he didn't do and then of
course you all know the Putin stories
now all of these stories are the out of
context type if you're looking at a
negotiation which is first of all a
long-term affair if you talk in country
to country and has lots of elements some
of those elements may not have anything
to do with the thing you're talking
about so in other words you could be
talking about a trade deal but what you
really want is a nuclear missile deal
and everything's sort of connected right
if you mean so maybe you can give
something away on the trade deal but you
get something back in some other way etc
so all these are out of context stories
the other thing you don't know is if
Trump gave up something with the hope
that that would soften them up maybe set
the stage so that later when you ask for
something you could say luck we gave you
this show of goodwill you got it
now we're asking you for this I'd like a
similar show of goodwill because
reciprocity if I've taught you nothing
is very powerful now does reciprocity
work in international deals well I think
that's a real question because if you're
dealing with somebody who sees
themselves as your enemy doing something
nice for them with nothing in return
might be just free money hey thanks for
the free money we're gonna kill you
anyway but if you were dealing with
let's say Great Britain if you're
dealing with France and let's say there
was a situation in which the United
States could do something that would
benefit them and we didn't have any
immediate thing that we would get back
you know it wasn't a tip for tap it's
just something we could do for France we
had the ability we have the opportunity
we could do it they couldn't do it for
themselves
so we just do it because we're allies is
that a good play yeah yeah it's totally
a good play with an ally so because you
you assume the allies are often going to
be in a situation where you need to ask
a small favor sometimes even a big favor
but if you've primed the situation with
reciprocity France someday will say you
know you know it's sort of like
Lafayette we're here you know sort of
situation that even military alliances
the reciprocity of a military alliance
can last generations so the fact that we
fought on the same side as Great Britain
same side as France in their country you
know in their area not in their country
in the case of Greene
but those those feelings can last
generations
so yeah reciprocity is very strong so if
you see the president
testing reciprocity in other words
giving something that clearly any
objective person would say ooh it looks
like you gave a little bit too much
there and didn't ask for something in
return you'd have to ask yourself is he
testing the waters is he just testing to
see if it does work because imagine if
that worked
imagine if you were dealing with
somebody who really did just want to
have a deal that works for both sides
they weren't trying to destroy your
country they just wanted something that
works now and will work in the future
reciprocity is worth testing now if it
doesn't work you go to plan B Plan B
just got implemented plan B is where
Trump just signed some document to hold
the Chinese authorities responsible for
the Uighur prison camps that's what Plan
B looks like okay now when you treat
somebody like an ally but they're not
one of two things can happen either
you've just given them free money oh
thanks for that favor you're gonna get
nothing in return and we're gonna
destroy you that's bad but persuasion
wise you can sometimes turn somebody
into something by treating with them
like that thing you wanted them to turn
into in other words you could actually
turn an enemy into a friend by acting
like a friend not every time I done of
this persuasion stuff works every time
but it's a good play to simply act like
you're a friend and it will cause the
other person to not know what to do well
I thought we were kind of friend amis
but this person keeps acting like I'm an
actual friend that is very persuasive
it's worth the try I don't think it
worked in the case of China I don't
think it worked right
but it was worth a try what's the other
thing
Bolton is saying so he had a couple of
crazy things oh I think he says that
Trump claimed he didn't know if Great
Britain was a nuclear power now is that
true first of all is it true that Trump
wasn't sure if Great Britain was a
nuclear power so I have a few different
takes on this number one it's probably
not true then this story itself is
probably no more true than Trump telling
China that he was on board with them
building prison camps it just on its
surface it's probably not true
but let's say it was let's say it was
true
how could you explain that without the
explanation that the president is
mentally incapable or under informed or
something is there any other way to
explain it let me offer you a few
possibilities one you may have asking if
they're bluffing in other words he may
have been asking yeah technically Great
Britain can make a bomb but can they
really launch one I mean you know do
they have do they really have as much as
they would like you to believe or are
they using the belief that there are
nuclear power which is a little more
hyperbole than truth you because they
obviously have some some kind of nuclear
capability but is it more like North
Korea where we're not sure if it works
this hasn't been quite tested or is it
the kind of where oh yeah it's solid the
Great Britain nuclear defense just like
the best countries in the world now what
was the context was it just making sure
that it's real because I would consider
that a fair question
wouldn't you because Israel says it's
not a nuclear power right if you know
there's at least one ally who is lying
completely
about its nuclear capability in this
case Israel yeah what nukes we got no
nukes
is it possible than another ally to be
lying in the other direction oh yeah we
got nukes our nukes are the best and
maybe it's not exactly true it's worth
asking so I'm not saying that's what
happened I'm just taking you through an
imagination exercise to show that
sometimes when you say well there's only
one explanation for this sometimes there
are multiple let me give you another one
how many times in your life have you
found yourself being you know the
educated smart person who you are
not knowing the fact that was just
embarrassing that it was so embarrassing
that for some reason you just have the
old skip in your brain and there was a
fact that everybody knows and just for
whatever reason you didn't all the time
all the time all the time yesterday last
night I wish I could tell you the story
but I can't there was something that
Christina said and I said what seriously
that's a thing and she looked at me like
like where have you been all of your
life yes it's a thing and of course it
is a thing so just last night I had a
very specific you know experience where
I don't think I'm mentally incapable I
don't think I'm stupid in an overall way
but sure there sure enough there was
that little stupid thing that I did last
night that even I think was stupid like
even I think it was like why did I know
that how could I go through my whole
life and not know that everybody knows
that so it's a very common sort of the
thing has as the president lost the step
because he's in his seventies of course
of course that's why I say don't elect
presidents and
seventies if you have a choice and I'm
gonna tell you something that you're not
going to want to hear this this might go
down kind of hard if Democrats had run
the candidate in his or her 40s or 50s
it would have been hard for me not to
support them honestly I mean I would
have had to look at it pretty hard
because I do think age is a factor and
it's a big one and I don't think we
should just keep ignoring it and I
wouldn't I wouldn't say a different
thing for Biden as I would for Trump
you know everybody's different and it's
pretty clear the Trump's and way better
shape than Biden I mean that I wouldn't
compare them in essence but nobody over
Saturday is operating the same it's a
you gotta ask that question alright
let's talk about some other things I put
up on my my computer here the CNN
homepage next to the Fox News homepage
to look at differences and the Bolton
thing will just sort of come and go
let's see some other things that the CNN
thinks are news so you got the news
about representatives wall well asking
GOP to state the black lives matter and
then I guess Matt Gaetz said absolutely
and then he answered with all lives
matter so he's very good at provocation
but and but the way he does it it's just
so it's so clever because instead of
saying that the wrong way to do it is do
you believe black lives matter and if
you just say all lives matter
then you've fallen into the trap and
you're a racist and why don't you care
about black people but if you look at
this little nuance that Gates added to
it so swell we'll ask can you say say
absolutely that black lives matter and
he answered yes absolutely yes all lives
matter
that's different if you if you don't add
the absolutely yes part and then and
then you just go with all lives matter
well you're sort of a racist but if you
say absolutely yes you've agreed with a
statement and then you've extended it to
all people who are valuable and then you
then you've then if you're SWA well and
you've laid the trap and then you think
you fell into the trap
but he's hovering over the trap and
you're thinking yourself I know I dug a
big hole and I know he fell into it but
why is gravity not taking him to the
bottom of the hole why is he hovering
above it it's because Gates is
linguistically gifted I mean there's no
other word for he's just gifted in that
way all right every poll on everything
about race is complete can we
just agree on that
every poll about race and racism and
who's racist and who trusts you and race
in this at the moment it's just all
 because I don't think people
are in their permanent minds I think
people are in their temporary minds the
meaning that they're so influenced by
the the images on TV that they're
they're in a mode which is not their
ordinary mode so everything's attenuated
and of course the reason for that is
that the technology to do that is so
good now let's talk about that the blue
flu so last night I was on Twitter quite
late and I'm watching mostly Mike sort
of itches Twitter account and others and
they're talking about lots of reports
there were people getting individually
from people they knew in Atlanta that
the police were calling in sick so it
was a call-out
not a walk off they were calling in sick
to protest the charges against the two
police officers one of whom killed the
suspect shot him in the back as he was
running away the gentleman who had the
stun gun
so so we've got that going on and I'm
watching on Twitter this giant theme of
how many people how many police are not
going to work and then I open up the
news because it was the biggest thing on
Twitter and let's see all right I'm on
CNN and let's see if they talk about the
blue flu
hashtag blue flu looking down list going
going going going going going do to even
see it it's actually not even on the
homepage or I don't see it I mean it's
not called I don't anyway all right so
that's the biggest story from real
people on the internet and if assuming
that the reports are true that's a
really big deal why would it not be on
see you then
all right let's try Fox News now you'd
expect to find it here right there it is
top left right where you'd expect to
find it multiple Atlanta officers have
resigned oh actually talking about
resigned that is different that's not
the blue flu so they'll keep going go
lower on the page not there not there so
now they're Fox News nor
CNN have at least prominently anything
about this blue flu why why is it
because it's not news well let's let's
check oh em let's see if we've got that
as a headline I don't know where to find
them they don't have a website and they
only broadcast one number oh okay you
gotta go to the right URL in that it
helps okay what American news network Oh
a.m. all right suicides a veteran
[Music]
going down the list on the front page I
don't see it yet it's not being called
out so I believe you when you say in the
comments that was covered maybe it was
covered in broadcast way but I'll see it
on that page somebody here said it was
on the Washington Post page let's see if
it's there
Washington Post nope don't see it maybe
I'm missing it but at the very least
it's not being called out okay so the
other thing that you didn't see in the
news is coverage of the protests why not
here's what I think somebody the comment
says don't order an OEM shirt there's a
story about that you probably saw so is
it would it be true that nothing bad
happened in Atlanta and that the police
didn't have any real problem maybe a few
people maybe a few people somebody says
it's on Washington Post I'm looking at
it right now I'm on the homepage I'm
looking at the homepage right now don't
see it so it might be a story somewhere
deeper down but does it feel to you that
the news might be collectively
underplaying it do you think that the
news industry they all set to themselves
let's not make this a story because all
the police everywhere will walk out do
you think that the news has decided to
manipulate the public both the left and
the right into not making this which
could be you know a local Atlanta
problem not making this a national
problem because it does seem to me that
this could easily become all put all
police walking out
or calling in sick for a week
somebody says Hannity talked about the
blue flu but you do see that it's not on
the written newest pages there are
individual pundits you can expect to
talk about it but it's not being treated
as news isn't likewise were there
protests last night does anybody know if
there were any protests last night
because I don't see any evidence of it
in the news were there giant protests
last night that are just not being
covered if that's true and it does look
like that's true wouldn't you say that
the news has abdicated its
responsibility for news and have now
accepted their role as manipulators of
the public does it not seem to you
obvious that the news business is not
trying to be news anymore they are
trying to manage your psychology
directly because they're not covering
the two biggest stories in the world not
not the biggest stories in the world but
two of the biggest stories in the
country for today it looks like they're
completely ignoring left and right or or
am i completely confused and those
stories don't exist
are there no protests maybe how would I
know how about deaths from coronavirus
can you think of a bigger story than
that what would be a bigger story than
the number of people who have died of
coronavirus since people started going
back to work that's like big right
that's big so I'm gonna look for the
death rate not the number of people who
were infected right because if the death
rates going down it doesn't really
matter too much if the infection rates
going up I mean it matters but in a
different level of Maverick because it
could be that we're just getting better
at treating things it could be that we
have enough immunity that I don't maybe
the people who could have it the worse
already got it I don't know
but something's going on that those
lines are disconnected now more
infections more infections and not just
because we're testing that's part of it
but not just because of that well the
death rates going down so if the death
rate has continued to go down let's say
it went down today and yesterday or it
went up today and yesterday whichever
direction it went or even if it was flat
wouldn't that be the biggest story right
that death rate from coronavirus Ellis
find it we'll go to CNN homepage let's
see Stefan Dakka Dakka Dakka Florida has
the makings of the next epicenter all
right so we'll dig into that if there's
no other story all right so that looks
like the only one so on CNN they have a
coronavirus story as they should and
it's highlighted so it's so so far we're
good it's a it's a big story and it is
highlighted let's dig in and see how
long it takes them to say the death rate
ten states or a record number of new
cases infections so we got lots of new
infections that's the first sentence
shouldn't the death rate be in the first
sentence would you be more concerned
about getting coronavirus or
dying which of those seems like news ah
he's got the coronavirus 98% of people
are fine or he died which of
those is news well according to CNN
getting the virus is the news not the
dying part all right yeah turns out
Florida becoming a hot spot and other
states also have problems talk about the
president saying Wednesday an interview
that the virus is quote dying out which
of course all the data says is not true
but what about the death rate if the
President had noticed that the death
rate was getting smaller every day would
it be inaccurate to say the virus
as dye and yes it would be inaccurate
but it would look different wouldn't it
if you knew that the death rate was
trending towards zero the death rate and
your president said the viruses quote
dying out is that like a hundred percent
lie or is that really focusing on the
important part the part where people die
from it it would be it would violate the
fact checking for sure so would not be
true technically but if you could ignore
the death rate I don't think you're
playing this straight
somebody says more tests because more
more infections before because of more
testing apparently that's not the whole
story
so if you think the only reason there's
more cases is because we're testing it
more that has been debunked I'm pretty
sure that's not true
testing is part of it but there's also
just more of it
I believe the experts say all right so
now so now we've got a whole list of how
they're trending so surely the death
rate will be in this it's like a whole
details about coronavirus point number
one no no it's all about infections and
every one of the points is about
infection and none of them are about
death let's keep going there let me just
cancel death or search for it a nope
where death is not on the page and
nowhere in the article but surely fox
news will do better let's see
Fox News biggest story ah a lot about
john bolton a lot about police a lot
about racism and john Bolton's more and
daca and
daca and daca and and protests outside
Portland mayor so so the only protest
coverage on fox news is outside the
mayor's home was that the only the only
protest don't know because all right so
neither Fox News or CNN are highlighting
the only thing I care about which is the
death rate from coronavirus let me ask
you what would the stock market respond
to and let's say the stock market as a
proxy for the economy as a whole what
would be more important to the economy
as a whole than the coronavirus death
rate go I'm not even gonna wait for your
 answers there's nothing more
important than the whole world
then the coronavirus death rate and the
news doesn't cover it do you get
what's happening yet
what are they covering John Bolton's
obvious about the president
being in favor of prison camps for we
Gers that's what they're
covering disgusting all right let me say
this about the police officers who were
charged in Atlanta I watched the video
you watch the video can we all agree the
video lies right because if you and I
watch the video and you said oh that's
obviously a crime committed by the
police and somebody else watches the
video let's not make it me somebody else
watches and says I'm watching the same
video and the police acted responsibly
under the situation video lies if video
did not lie we would all look at that
video and be on the same page were not
video lies every time not
sometimes if you think that yes
sometimes a video could be a little bit
misleading no by the time it's a
headline story is
misleading doesn't mean the whole story
is wrong but there are there extenuating
circumstances important details things
that would add context the video is a
lie let me let me suggest this I believe
it should be illegal to show that kind
of video now free speech bla bla it'll
never be illegal but are there not
plenty of videos that social media is
grubs for various reasons that are good
for society is it good for society to
see let's say a brutal murderer that
didn't have any context no that's not
good for society is it good for society
to keep online let's say the KKK is
program or whatever the KKK is producing
no that's not good for society and so
there are these special cases where you
see that we do self-censor at least in
the private in the private realm the
government can tell you not to look at
something like that
how about certain types of pornography
child porn there's a good example child
porn generally considered harmful and
therefore even though there's freedom of
speech that exception is carved out and
we're okay with it because of course
you're going to carve out that exception
so here's my question is society well
served by showing videos of specific
police encounters which you know with a
hundred percent certainty will be
misleading how do you know that it'll be
misleading
because it's a video they're all
misleading they don't know how not to be
misleading now a video can be true
completely but you don't know by looking
at it you can't know that by looking at
it because videos in general are so
misleading that no matter how certain
you are on any specific video you
shouldn't be you should not be certain
of any video forget about doctoring
forget
deep fakes that's bad enough I mean in
the future your certainty should go even
lower but you should not feel any sense
of confidence by looking at a video
about anything it wouldn't matter if
this situation had been reversed doesn't
matter who's who's the black person
who's the white person in the video if
it's a video it's a lie if you can if
society could just learn that one thing
if it's a video it's a lie because we
believe the opposite I saw it with my
own eyes I looked at it I saw with my
own eyes
that would be the lowest level of
awareness about your reality if that's
what if they if you say that have been
anything else all it was my own eyes and
therefore I know everything if you don't
know that that's not a thing yet you've
got much to learn
alright so I watched the video and here
is my subjective opinion now all of us
are operating with incomplete
information so when I tell you what my
subjective opinion is at the same time
and without stopping for punctuation I'm
gonna say could change completely as new
information comes out so this is my
opinion that could change completely
when new information comes out and it
definitely will and definitely will we
will learn things about this case that
we didn't know and those things will
matter guaranteed guaranteed but because
we're all operating than what we think
and feel and our current understanding
I'll give you my current understanding
she said subjectively of what I saw and
especially about how the police
department and the prosecutors handling
it looks like a white lynching to me to
me it looks like black people are going
to lynch and yes I'm using that I'm
using that word to be as provocative as
ascendant all right
provocative for good purposes I'm not
just trying to cause trouble
it looked like a lynching I'm not gonna
use any other term you know because I
think we agree that lynching doesn't
specifically limit it to a rope on a
tree right there that's more of a term
of art if you can call it that in this
realm of race relations it would be a
term that we all understand a black
person being targeted and killed for
race right now in this case these are
two white cops that in my opinion this
is what I see and feel doesn't mean it's
true right and I'll always make that
distinction it's just what I what I saw
in the video and it's what I know now
could be completely different a day from
now and I allow that that could happen
but at the moment I register it as a
white lynching and when I heard that the
police were doing this call-out what was
my reaction
my reaction was yeah you don't want to
leave a city and all these innocent
people in the city you don't want to
leave them helpless because as soon as
the bad people realize that the city is
undefended it's going to turn into some
you know Joker situation right and it's
going to happen quickly on the other
hand on the other hand that's less of a
problem in my opinion than a public
lynching of anybody it wouldn't matter
if it's two white police officers and
you know certainly well I mean let me
put it in the starkest terms if you were
to say what's worse the police do a call
out and they allow some crime to be
rampant and could affect a lot of people
people could die probably multiple
people could die just because there's
less police although they don't really
stop people from killing because they
get there after the killing is done so
maybe it wouldn't be that much
difference and in terms of killing but
there would certainly be a lot more
proper
I think that's fair to say so let's say
all of that property damage and maybe
extra violence etc of the police not
going to work and calling out compare
that would that be worse than lynching a
black person in public with the let's
say the authority of the government of
the United States which one's worse
no-contest
lynching a black person in public under
the authority of the United States in a
way that it's obvious to the viewer that
it's an illegitimate you know any
penalty would be illegitimate and
lynching of course would be the most you
know worst of the worst so if it were a
black person being lynched by the
government I think we'd all agree
doesn't matter what color you are we'd
all agree like okay that that's my top
priority all right that can't happen
like I'm gonna stop everything for that
do I care about climate change if the
government is publicly lynching a black
person no I don't care about climate
change I don't even care if I think
climate change was going to destroy a
little freaking world
at the moment it's not my biggest
problem at the moment my biggest problem
is that the government is lynching
citizens based on their skin color in
public and they're not even hiding it
that's my biggest problem all
right so do I care that the citizens of
Atlanta are unprotected yes yes I care a
lot I don't want any innocent people of
any any type anywhere to be victimized
who does right but still as enormous as
that problem is at least in our minds
you know of lack of police in it in a
city it has some crime potential as big
as that is it's not compared to lynching
somebody
with government approval in public it's
not to be closed so I support the police
doing the walkout if that's what it
takes to you know move forward they're
their side of the of the debate do I
think that the police should be innocent
of their crimes I will hold my opinion
on that because I think there's a whole
lot more to find out and it could be
that there's something I don't know the
change is my opinion but I will take
what I'll call the Jesse Watters view of
that event that when the when the the
gentleman who got killed aimed the Taser
at the cops had if that taser had hit
the cop the cops gun would have been in
play we don't know necessarily you would
have dropped it we don't know
necessarily that the the person with the
Taser would have picked it up we don't
know that it would use it if he did pick
it up but you don't need to know any of
that you just need to know that the risk
has moved from smallish - holy hell we
could die as soon as that risk went -
you just made a play for my gun well
then I then I say let's let the legal
system look at that and see what it does
all right I've talked enough for today
it's rain news that I missed that
matters there's something on daca
happening but I haven't read into that
yet Roberts cast the swing vote as let's
say the Supreme Court upholds Obama era
doctor program okay so basically
basically it's a ruling that says we're
not going to change anything in that
regard so that's news but it's it's news
that there isn't gonna be a news I guess
all right that's it for now and I will
talk to you later