stocks are up a little bit today that's
looking
good what What's Happening
Here There we go comments are working
lights are good I got my
[Music]
notes good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
I guarantee you've never had a better
time but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need for that is a cup or
mug or a glass a tanker chel orstein aen
juger flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous zp and it
happens now
go ah so good thank you Paul always
appreciate
it well um I'd like to uh start with the
news that will make us all feel Dumber
are you
ready uh Elon Musk posted this on X he
said once you understand the
Kardash kardashev scale it becomes
utterly obvious that essentially all
energy generated will be
solar all right okay so everybody good
on that I mean I I assume you all you
all understand the Kardash of
scale wait what you don't oh oh come on
I thought everybody knew the kardashia
scale
all right well I looked it up for you
just in case you didn't know according
to Google the Kardash of scale which I
still can't pronounce smoothly it's a
method of measuring a civilization's
level of technological advancement based
on the amount of energy that is capable
of
harnessing so now it all makes sense so
it's a scale
of uh the advancement based on the
amount of energy okay now that we
understand that once you understand that
it becomes utterly obvious that
essentially all energy generation will
be so oh okay got it everybody got
it I have no idea what any of
that
means yeah no
idea so
um but but apparently when you dig into
it a little bit and you look at the
arguments so the argument is that uh it
wouldn't take much space in the United
States to generate all of the Power
we'll ever need now I don't know if that
calculation was done before AI said we'd
need 10 times as much power I also don't
think that they had ability to compare
solar power over the next I don't know
50 years versus is nuclear power because
you'd have to make all kinds of
assumptions that nuclear power doesn't
do so well but solar power keeps
improving I don't think that's true it
has been true for 20 or 30 years but
don't think it's true now because
there's a lot of attention to the
nuclear field so if you uh if rolls Roy
or somebody comes up with a really good
economical small portable new nuclear
energy thing that changes everything so
I'm not sure that this is as true as it
might have been before nuclear got a
Renaissance well here's something that's
amazing possibly according to
Nature uh the publication not you know
not mother nature but the publication
nature um there was a experiment in
which they use stem cells to treat a
woman's diabetes and not only did it
work she can eat sugar again and she's
making her own insulin this is somebody
who couldn't make insulin and they did
stem cells and now she can make insulin
and she can eat normal
food
what how big a deal is that now again
this is a limited test it's not uh not
proven for any large population but if
you can get even one
diabetic who could not make insulin and
you can make them make insulin with stem
cells holy
cow wow I mean that that that's like a
wow that's as big as the biggest wow now
is it true well I guess we'll find out
so I can't go so far as to say you know
it's a done deal but I can't imagine it
would ever work for one person and not
work for other people that you know my
brain can't calculate that CU it created
an ability that didn't exist it's not
like it cured a disease if the only
thing you done is cure a disease then
I'd say well you know maybe somebody
would have gotten over it anyway on
their own because that happens sometimes
but I don't think anybody with
diabetes has ever regenerated the
ability to create insulin has that ever
happened
naturally so looks like a pretty good
sign science
um here's a fun little study new Atlas
is talking about it um very different
than the old Atlas this is a publication
new
Atlas and they tested a specific video
game to see if it make people feel good
now this is not
generalizable to firstperson shooter
games and or anything like that now we
know people like playing video games
that's why it's so big but would it have
any lasting benefit on your happiness
and of all the things that they could
test they pick the smartest
one yeah you think about all the
different video games that would have an
impact and exist they picked one called
power wash now apparently power wash i'
never heard of it but it's a video game
where you come upon dirty objects and
use a power washer to clean them off and
that's kind of it you just power wash
things until they're clean
now apparently people who do that have
some kind of lasting uh small but a
lasting Improvement in moods More than
70% of the participants became happier
because I used a video game to wash dirt
off of an
object
now do you think they needed to do that
or could they have just asked me well if
they had been testing something like you
know generic regular games I wouldn't
have had anything to add
but if you came to me and said hey I've
got a video game where with very little
effort you're going to feel that you
accomplished a
task do you think that'll make people
happier I would have said oh oh hold
your horses you don't need to do that
study because one of the things we do
know is that people are happier when
they have the sense of accomplishing a
task and then they would say to me but
Scott they're not actually accomplishing
a task it's just the video game to which
I would say hold on hold on you're
talking to a hypnotist no
difference I would have been able to
predict that would make you happier I
guarantee I could have gotten that one
right just based on the hypnosis and the
fact that uh fiction and truth will have
a you know a similar directionally not
as powerful but a similar directional
effect very well understood and we
definitely are happier when we complete
things
I I think something similar probably
could have happened with
Tetris do you remember Tetris you had to
get the little falling blocks right in
in line so they line up and stuff to me
that was a bunch of accomplishing
tasks and I'll bet you if you did the
same study on
Tetris you would find that it made
people happier because they were
completing tasks now I do understand
that a regular video game where there's
more you you a story an adventure you
know there's still completing of tasks
but I feel like those are more about
feeling like you're never really
done so if you're doing sort of a war
game with levels and stuff aren't they
trying to make you feel like you never
completed it I'm not sure that would
make me happy but if you tell me you've
completed the cleaning of the power
washing of that dirty car in that
driveway I would actually feel like I
did something cuz I don't have to do
that again and it's not connected to a
larger
Mission anyway there's another study
that says that eating
fish is linked to lower risk of
cognitive decline that's right you will
get less dementia if you eat if you eat
fish um suggests the study now when I
say suggests I'm going to compliment
them this is in s poost publication
because the way worded the headline is
eating fish linked to lower risk of
cognitive decline thank you that is the
correct way to put that it is not a
cause of better mental health it's
linked now can anybody come up with
anything that would be a reason that
eating fish would be linked but not a
cause of better mental
health well it took me about 1 second to
go to grock and say is there any
correlation between
income and
dementia and of course there
is the Richer you are the less dementia
you
get surprised well is there any
correlation between
intelligence and income well yes or yes
the more intelligent you are the higher
your income the higher your income the
more likely you're going to eating
sushi instead of fast food at McDonald's
now I know that McDonald's can give you
a fish stick or some damn thing but
basically if you're eating fast food
you're eating other
stuff so it seems to me that smart
people are less likely to get dementia
because they're going to be using their
brains more that's what smart people do
so they become rich and then the rich
people eat a lot of fish because rich
people eat more fish they live they go
on vacations to Hawaii and eat fish and
they live by the Beach and they fish and
they can afford more to get
fish so doesn't surprise me but it's not
a correlation I think it's a correlation
without causation is my best guess
although it might be causation it just
you can't tell by the
study um so according to daily wire
there are some big donors like Bill
Gates and other liberal Mega donors and
they're funding some plan to make sure
that the news news rooms around the
world have uh greater um The Daily wi
says hysteria but uh literally there is
a funded program to try to convince the
news to talk about climate change a lot
more and they literally say to try to
work it into every
conversation so you know you always joke
about the news says uh it rained all
because of climate change you're like
really it's not everything's not about
climate change there's a war in Ukraine
well it's going to get worse because of
climate change and you say really really
how how are you jamming climate change
into the Ukraine war I don't see it and
trade routes are going to change because
of climate change really international
trade you work you work climate change
into that conversation it turns out
that's a strategy and it's highly funded
and is from people who definitely have
an influence on the
news so that's
terrible now the way you would look at
this story is if you believe that uh
climate change was a
genuine existential risk you might say
well it's about time we got more serious
about this with our news so that we'll
convince the people to be more serious
but if you think it's not true and you
think that even if the temperature is
going up it's not a existential
problem then this would be nothing but
fake news and
propaganda so since I'm closer to that
second view where I don't know if the
temperature is going up from human
activity or not but I'm pretty sure it's
not going to kill me and there not going
to be an existential threat um so that's
where I'm in that's where I'm at so to
me it looks like propaganda not helping
the
world well here's some good news thank
God finally California apologize for
slavery they did it in writing and um
Joel Pollock and breit bar is writing
about this here's the actual apology
resolved the state of California
apologizes for perpetuating the harms
that African-Americans faced by having
imbued racial Prejudice through
segregation public and private
discrimination so have I ever explained
what a quote husband apology
is have you ever heard me say
that if you've never heard this perhaps
you'd never been in a marriage with a
man and a
woman husband you stupid husband doing
that thing you did whatever the thing is
you did you owe me an apology what did I
do the thing you did now you're thinking
to yourself I wasn't even in that room
and I didn't have anything to do with it
but I definitely don't want to be in
this convers ation any longer so what do
you think I did well you move the
scissors from the good drawer into the
other drawer and even if you didn't what
do you say you use the husband
apology oh I'm sorry I I'm sorry I
shouldn't have move those
scissors and then you're
done because you said the apology did
you mean it no of course not does it
matter not much
you just made the problem go away so
it's really about just making the
problem go
away um so California apologizes for its
role in slavery which was basically
close to nothing because there it was
not a slave state but it did have it did
have some sketchy Behavior to be fair
for example I believe that California
would return escaped
slaves that would be supporting slavery
so that that's part of the
apology so
um Governor Nome whatever you want to
say about him being you know slimy and
lying and any of that other
stuff he is really good at the
politician
stuff and from the very beginning it was
obvious that they weren't going to get
money and that he was just setting them
up for a husband apology
he just wanted to send them away for you
know a year so he doesn't have to deal
with it because the main thing is I
don't want to deal with it so he he buys
a year or so because they go study it
then they come back and say oh we like a
trillion dollars or whatever it was
something ridiculous and then he says
yeah that's great but we don't have that
money so I can't give that to you it's
politically
impossible oh well go back and study
some more see what we can do that
doesn't involve giving you a bunch of
money they go back and study it some
more and in the
meantime Nome has solved his problem
because they're not talking to him then
they finally come back and they've got
this idea for what I call the husband
apology for slavery and Nome says
husband apology can
do sure yeah and on behalf of all the
residents of California I would like to
offer my insincere apologies as well so
to all descendants of slavery and
everybody who was impacted by systemic
racism on behalf of California you have
my insincere apology I'm sorry I did
that to you I really am I won't do it
again I swear I will not introduce
slavery again and if any any Escape
slaves ever come into my state I'm not
turning them over I promise you that so
anyway racism has been solved in
California the rest you loser States
need to catch up you wonder why I live
in this state people say why do you live
in California it's the only state that
solves
racism I'm not going to move to your
segregated stupid ass states with all
your racism come to California we've
solved that we're way out of
you here's an interesting factoid
related to this did you know that when
Nome first signed the Authority for the
committee to go study rep ations when
they came back among their reparations
were separate schools for black
kids what's that
called
segra
segregation segregation that's what it's
called so that's what
uh that's what California is apologizing
for because the racial Prejudice was
imbued through segregation they say in
the
apology so
so we're apologizing as a
state for something that the reparation
committee wanted to do more
of because the segregation would solve
the segregation of the past okay maybe I
don't fully understand this but there's
one thing I do understand and it's this
I
apologize I apologize for all that I'm
so
sorry are we cool now
will you leave me alone now
please all
right well we've got the new numbers
it's time to celebrate because the
inflation numbers came in at 2.2% which
is we can celebrate this it's below
expectations for that we're
2.3 oh oh Standing Ovation we came in at
2.2 instead of 2.3 and let me give you
some
advice once you're done accurately
measuring the temperature of the entire
Earth from the atmosphere down to the
bottom of the ocean which we've been
told we can do otherwise climate change
would just be a big joke and we
know that's not true so we can measure
the Earth but did you know you can look
at every transaction in the United
States and determine the inflation rate
and you'll get it right the first time
and you can get it to within 10 tenth of
tenth of a
percentage so no you can't measure
inflation this accurately no it's going
to be revised and it's right on the cusp
of being on target which means a tiny
little revision would make it from less
than you expected to more than you
expected the tiniest revision do you
think that they can measure inflation
accurately enough in any given you know
month I guess that they that they can
know it's off by a
10th no that's not a thing but of course
we'll pretend it's a thing and people
say that people say that interest rates
may be lowered by the FED because of
that and the stock market's already
dancing around because of that a little
bit meanwhile Hillary the most
despicable person in the world has
doubled down on calling uh Trump
supporters deplorable and she said that
for some of them it's too kind of a word
yeah um so what I love is that she
pulled out the deplorable thing right
before the
election which some people including me
thought may have been the reason she
lost her election and so she she just
saddled K Harris with the deplorable
thing
because we're going to think it's sort
of a general Democrat feeling if if
Hillary Clinton is willing to say it out
loud so that might make a difference
meanwhile Mark Zuckerberg has allegedly
identified as a Libertarian because you
know we keep wondering is he going to
endorse Trump I mean he doesn't seem as
anti-trump as we'd expect but we don't
know so he's found this uh weak Middle
Ground of being a
Libertarian and he's hired a Republican
strategist to help with his relationship
with the political right
H um but I think he's described himself
privately as a classic liberal meaning a
Democrat like the old days that would be
me I I would say that I would be like an
old school Democrat which is not too
far with the exception of uh abortion
it's not too far from Trump actually
right today so it would be anti-war and
uh you know a willingness to help the
people who need help but don't go crazy
about it that's about where I am uh but
at the moment if you are in that
category of classic liberalism or
something like an old school
Democrat Trump is by far closer to your
view by far it's not I mean it's not
even a conversation really so that's why
somebody like RFK Jr and Nicole Shanahan
and Bill lman and Elon Musk and me um
that's why we could be lifelong old
Democrat farts and say you know what the
closest to that view is Trump right now
if you're just looking at common
sense so we'll see where that goes but I
would say that Zuckerberg is playing
this
correctly you know you can say to
yourself uh I wish people would be
different you know but that's that's
just your wish but if you watch somebody
who says I got a problem um I'm putting
some resource verus toward fixing it and
something worth fixing which is his
relationship with the political right I
applaud that I I I think if he can make
a better case that he's just here to
help both sides and he doesn't do
anything that would be negative for the
political
right good I you know I've said for a
long time and I'm sort of cribbing from
other people who know him better
Zuckerberg will go down as one of the
best CEOs of all of all time
would you agree with that I mean you may
hate some individual things he's
done but it's going to be tough to find
a better CEO in the history of the
United States so let's give him that and
uh if he's moving in the right direction
of just trying to see the whole field
good anybody wants to see the whole
field
excellent all
right I say the same thing about um you
know Jason from y inod you watching
Today
Jason your name keeps coming up uh no
matter what you think of his current
arguments he is clearly making a public
attempt to understand both sides of the
argument and see the whole field where
that ends up who knows it doesn't need
to end up in any place for you know my
for my purposes but anybody who's
willing to say let me take some pain you
know let me admit I don't know
everything thing let me accept a little
Bane to figure out what's going on on
the other side and I'll I'll integrate
that 100% uh I'm I'm so down with that
point of view of just trying to
understand both
sides uh meanwhile Ashley Sinclair St
Clair um reminds us that in
2020 there were 82.2 million women who
voted but only 72.5 million voted so
nearly 10 million more votes for women
2020 now I don't think that that will be
much changed unless the Gap is even
wider
um especially since uh you know
abortions on the uh on the menu for the
election it's not really but people feel
like it
is so let me add to this conversation if
it's true that there are 10 million more
women voting than men I assume that
something like that applies to every
state is that a fair assumption do you
think there's any state where the men
are voting in greater numbers than the
women kind of doubt it there might be
there might be a special case um yeah
there might be a special case it might
be a place where there's a lot of male
jobs but not as many female jobs maybe
Alaska something like
that but generally speaking I would say
if there are 10 million more women
voting than men um Can the women I just
have one
request from the women and this will be
mostly a request for uh Democrats and
left leaning women can you stop bitching
to the men about something you have
complete control over if you have 10
million more voters men have nothing to
do with the abortion
laws all you need to do is convince
other women that you're right if women
don't agree with
you don't don't put it on
me right and by the way I'm I consider
myself not part of the abortion argument
because I don't have babies and I think
women should work it out and then tell
us what they decided on the
laws um I know you don't and I'm not
going to try to change your mind I'm
just telling you what my my position
is but
really this would be the strongest
argument for Trump Mr Trump you know why
are you blah blah blah you put abortion
at risk the correct answer is 10 million
more women voted than men women have
complete control over the laws on
abortion in your states there is a lag
and I regret that the time lag will
allow some people to not be getting what
they want but our system does allow you
to get it in the long run it's going to
take some work and I'm not sure that you
should you have abortion laws that are
liberal that's not my preference but the
fact fact is we live in a constitutional
republic with a democratic layer and if
the women want this by a solid solid
majority maybe a little bit more than it
is now you can get anything you want not
just on abortion by the way if you have
10 million more voters you get
everything you want
everything so stop complaining to men
this isn't about men at all this is only
about women now abortion has left the
domain of men versus women it is just
not in that domain it is just women if
women decide that it's going to be
totally legal it's not going to matter
what men say it won't matter at all
because we won't be in the in the room
with the doctor and you can vote in any
law you
want I know you don't like that because
you think that the women will vote in
more um liberal laws than you
like but
um all right
anyway um and I think it's
weird no never
mind so M MSNBC had a uh some expert I
guess come on uh who is saying that uh
the
Trump people the Trump supporters they
represent a a different kind of
masculinity you know they have the sort
of an alpha and what the expert called a
retr masculinity retro you know old
school masculinity not the good stuff
like Doug mhof and Tim wals so uh the
experts said that mhof and wals uh
they've got this new kind of more you
know acceptable kind of uh masculinity
in which they do not feel um in any way
diminished or disrespected if they can
make space to for women to
succeed
so um but I would like to add to that uh
I'm not going to disagree with that
whatsoever I do think that Doug emof and
Tim WS make lots of space for a women to
succeed by looking like the kind of
people we wouldn't want in office so
that's two people who are removed from
the from the competition for women uh
but it should also be noted that the new
kind of masculine men have other
advantages too I it's not just that
they're more supportive of women
succeeding which is
great um but they're also better with uh
um
housework way better at filling up the
dishwasher uh way better at uh basically
all kinds of household cleaning and
chores now they're they're not good for
sex I think you all know that um I think
everybody agrees that the the new kind
of sensitive uh non-alpha non retr
masculinity bad for sex but excellent
for housework and it's not a perfect
world you can't have everything at the
same time you got to make some choices
be an adult will you be an adult you
have to make choices and a lot of people
have chosen a kind of man who's good for
household chores and bad for sex uh my
only warning is that they will be the
men who are replaced with robots first
because robots are going to be
good for household
chores and bad for
sex at least for a
while maybe a few months they're
probably only one software software
update away from being better at sex
than betam man but um there's your story
all
right I told you this before but I keep
laughing because it's so funny so Trump
had this problem that the Democrats and
the the Harris campaign in particular
uh in MSNBC kept saying that um Trump
was going to implement project
2025 which was written by people who had
been supporters of his but he didn't
have anything to do with it and had some
let's say more extreme Republican
right-wing sort of policies than he
would be likely to accept so he says
he's not even you know that totally
knowledgeable about what was even in
that other plan he just disavows it as
somebody else's work and says you should
look at his own work but here's the
problem since when does reality and you
know reason enter into anything it
doesn't so he can say all day long this
wasn't my plan but as long as Harris can
say yeah but it's your supporter's
plan that's close enough for political
work right it in my opinion he is going
to completely ignore anything in that
and he's going to do what he says he's
going to do CU we've seen him work for
four years as president and we know how
he operates there's not really any
secrets there
so he had this
undefeatable problem you you can't just
say it's not true because as long as
your supporters put it together which is
true they're going to be able to paint
it as true enough that you should not
take a chance on somebody who has any
kind of even connection to from the past
or support from a group that might be
pushing it on
him so what's he do it's an unsolvable
problem so he comes up with his own
project 2025 hes for Cal Harris and then
he takes all the things that she said in
the past which she says today she
doesn't support like reparations and
taking your guns and stuff like that and
he puts it on the list and says here's
your project
2025 and I say well wait a minute won't
they just say it's not
true yes they will will that work
nope it's exactly the same play they can
say it's not true all day but if they do
they're going to have to talk about
what's on it that's not true here's the
second question it's not true well what
on the list do you disagree with well I
disagree with reparation
well why is that on the list because I
used to say that I loved
reparations what changed your mind did
slavery go away no um no slavery slavery
of course did not go away did systemic
racism go
away no no it's worse than ever um so
all the reasons you were in favor of
reparation before have not
changed
well that's true but
I still have to run for office and you
know if we don't win we don't get
anything so I'm just being practical
about winning the office so we can get
at least some things that Democrats
want and you
lose because nobody's going to want to
put in office somebody who really really
wants the reparations I'll just pick one
of the things on the list reparations
just as a standin as one thing you don't
like if you think that the moment she
had the ability to do it she would do
it compare that to Trump and a National
Abortion
ban if Trump had the ability to get a
National Abortion ban to pass I don't
think there's any chance he would do it
because he said he opposes it I actually
believe him when he says that
stuff well one of the things about Trump
is that he was simultaneously the the
biggest offender to the fact Checkers
I'll just say it that way you know he
had the most fact checks against them
which the Democrats would call the most
lies which then they translate into he's
you know dishonest but I don't think
I've seen any politician who is more
honest to his own opinions meaning that
if he said he wanted to build a wall he
didn't get it done but damn did he try
hard like you you can directly see Sad X
try really hard to get X it's the best
you can get you know you well I mean
it'd be great if you succeeded but
sometimes things take longer you got to
press harder you know might take two
terms
so he's very true to what he says he's
going to do even if it doesn't work out
I I vastly prefer that over somebody
who's got to you know technically use
the right data in his argument all the
time I don't care about that I do care
if he tries to do the right
things North Carolina election board has
reportedly removed over 700,000
ineligible voters huh makes you wonder
how many ineligible voters have voted in
the past
elections there are 700,000 of them in
one state not our biggest state not our
biggest one 700,000 ineligible voters
if those ineligible
voters had somehow gotten a mail and
ballot and then voted would they have
caught
it I don't know don't you think that
would be the most important thing about
this story it's not in the story The
most important thing is if this had been
abused as a you know a way to cheat in
the past would we have caught it is is
there some part of the system where they
go hey this person whose vote I have in
my hand and this mail-in ballot uh they
are not an eligible voter I've just
checked and even though they're on the
role as an eligible voter because
remember they only just took them off so
if they saw that it was on the list of
eligible voters how would they know
they're not
eligible are they going to check their
death certificates during the election I
don't think so I think they're going to
say you're on the list you're
eligible so how you feeling about those
elections how about that election
Integrity let me put it all together for
you we can measure the temperature of
the earth including all the atmosphere
and the bottom of the ocean for hundreds
of years and we're all accurate not only
that but we can determine the exact
inflation rate very quickly in on time
and it will be correct within a tenth of
a
point
yeah so not only that but our elections
are
pristine pristine never had a rigging
problem never
will it's really unbelievable the things
that we've been
told none of these things are even a
little bit possible it's not even a
little bit possible you can measure the
temperature of the earth humans we can't
do that
that we can calculate inflation I'm
sorry um um um not inflation yeah
inflation if we can calculate inflation
and we can do a do a vote and we would
know if there were too many illegal
votes and it changed the we can't do
that we have no ability in our current
system to know who won an election we
don't know how to know the temperature
and we don't know the inflation if you
believe any of those things can be
measured in a reliable way you are
completely
brainwashed there's there's no reason
sensibility data there's nothing to
support any of those thoughts we can't
measure the temperature we can't measure
inflation we don't know who wins any
elections we going have to live with
that because that's our current
situation all right um Harris is going
to go to the oh it looks like um so
here's another uh election thing so we
found out that 1% of the voters in one
of the very blue counties in the swing
state in Wisconsin got uh duplicate
ballots
1% in a very important part of a swing
state got duplicate
ballots in a place where the entire
election might come down to
1% which wouldn't be unusual at all
and uh the question is is it a
coincidence that every time we find one
of these little errors it goes in same
direction um or or could potentially
because they're more Democrats voting by
mail
um so here's what I
think I worry that the Democrats have
come upon a cheating strategy and again
I'm only speculating this is not based
on any data or anything and my
speculation is the best way they could
hide um election rigging is what I call
the multiple oops
strategy so if you looked at this 1% of
Voters got uh duplicate ballots you'd
say to yourself but wait they could vote
twice and then the once they get caught
but only after they get
caught they say oops well that was a a
rare weird mistake
then later you find out that there were
a bunch of dead people on the uh the
voting
lists and then once you find out but
only after you found
out you take them off and you say oops
oops didn't see that
coming how many ways can you say oops
before it looks
coordinated I feel like there's going to
be a whole bunch of
accidental little mistakes
like well you know we meant to put a
Dropbox in that Republican area but I
don't know it's missing from the
spreadsheet so are you telling me
there's no Dropbox in the Republican
areas oops
oops what the the post office in that uh
red area uh one of the employees was bad
and left a whole truckload of ballots
that probably were going to go to Trump
left him in a parking lot until the
election was over oops oops well that
was just one guy
oops I feel like the multiple oops
strategy has been implemented whereby
there can be enough oopses to change the
election for sure but if you're going to
look at any one of them it doesn't look
like a plot it looks like oops ordinary
human mistake just happened to be in the
same direction every single time so look
for the oops strategy I don't know it
but it feels like it's coming keris is
going to go to the order to pretend that
she did not uh ruin the country in the
last three and a half years of
absolutely disgusting despicable
deplorable dare I say behavior in terms
of protecting the Americans from the
onslaught of uncontrolled I'm going to
call it uncontrolled even though they
say it's controlled
immigration so we'll have plenty to mock
but or uh it might be enough for the
dumb Democrats to think she's doing
something about the border and it will
be a pure propaganda
move but even more interesting there are
three things happening today I guess
Netanyahu is giving some address I think
to the UN and or is he in America anyway
Netanyahu is going to be saying
something that's going to be news and uh
Trump is apparently meeting zalinsky
today he may already be doing it Trump
is meeting
zalinski you know what's interesting
about that
um oh I'm being asked Scott do you think
the coordinated multiple oops applies to
the Trump assassinations no I
don't um no because that would require
that all the people who made a mistake
were in on
it it would be easy to imagine that all
the people who who make the oops in the
election are in on it because they don't
feel like they're going to jail for it
right they feel like if they get C they
just go oops well we'll correct that
right
away right they if they can make it look
like a mistake I I don't imagine there
would be um like six people on the
Secret Service and the local police who
are all in on the plot that would be
that would be a little too much for my
imagination to get there it's a good
question though I like that question
that was a good test of the thinking uh
but anyway Trump's going to meet
zilinsky today and uh here's what's
interesting I don't think this is going
to
happen but Trump could end the war
today he could absolutely end it today
do you know how he could do
it he just tells zalinski here's the
deal if you wrap things up before I get
in office you're going to get the best
deal that you can get if you wait for me
to get an office both you and Putin are
going to be way worse off you better do
it before I get
elected and damn it I'm going to get
elected so could you scare zalinski
inste saying oh if Trump comes in
the war is still going to end but I'll
probably be
removed yeah right the war is going to
end either
way let's put it this way imagine Trump
saying behind closed do perfectly
privately look here's the deal we both
know this is going to wind down when I'm
president if you'd like to still be in
power you're going to do it now and
you're going to say that you talked to
me you thought that I was going to win
and you thought that it would make sense
for you to get the best deal you can now
don't mention the part about you're not
going to be in charge anymore if I'm in
charge just say because you you assume
that American president can remove the
Ukrainian president
we all assume that
right we assume there's sort of a what
would you call it a puppet state at this
point so one way or another with funding
or something yeah we could just say we
will give no reconstruction money to
Ukraine unless you get rid of zalinsky
done right so I would threaten him and
say if you want to be in power when I
come to power you're going to wrap it up
before I get there and you're going to
give me credit for it
then he goes to Putin and he says here's
the
deal if you wrap things up in a way that
people think is reasonable and you do it
now then we're good when I come into
office if I come into office and you're
still doing this I'm going to go so
hard at you you won't know I hear
you and then he ends the
war because you know what is interesting
about those threats they are all
completely doable
they're all completely
reasonable and history would judge Trump
well if they knew every bit of
it the ukrainians would be better off
the Russian people would be better off
Europe would be better off America would
be better off they all want it to end
everybody wants it to
end he could end the war
today now again I'm going to persuade
against that I don't think he's going to
do that you know that would be and it
might seem it might be
illegal it might be illegal for him to
negotiate with a foreign power when he's
not in office so I I would ask about the
legalities of that but it's not
impossible if nobody's
listening and he knows is private
although that would be I doubt he could
ever get a private conversation but if
he knew he was Private he could end the
war who
disagrees do you dis agree with that
statement he could put he could put the
threat of so much pain on both the
leaders that would be completely
credible all you have to say is zalinsky
you're out of a job and basically people
are going to kill you as soon as you're
out of the job that would be a real
threat and you tell Putin here's the
deal you make me happy about ending this
war and everything's going to go better
for you than if you don't and Putin's
going to know that's true that would be
a very solid threat that I think the
entire world would take
seriously so you would be giving both
sides an easy out given that they know
they have to get out right this is not
the Forever War and it's not the war
where one side's going to win so they
both want out they just need somebody
else to force
it here it is here's the somebody else
to force it that see this is why Trump
is not just good at his job
he's a
oneoff I and I can't say enough about
that there's only one
Trump you can put Trump in some
situations not all of them he's not
perfect for every situation but there
are some
situations that only a trump can
solve and he he built himself into that
person and you could take a hundred
really good politicians and put them in
that same position they would do nothing
uh uh I'll take somebody I like let's
take
DeSantis DeSantis I have a very high
opinion of very
solid citizen
character uh performance as a governor
solid solid guy wouldn't mind to see him
president someday wouldn't mind it at
all could he solve this in one day no no
absolutely not but Trump
could he's just one off there's there's
only one of them he's the only person
who could solve a war in a day so when
he said that that didn't even seem a
little bit like hyperbole to me now I
don't think it's going to happen right
I'm betting against it but there's
nothing that would stop it except you
know if if you if it's illegal then
that's a good reason not to do
it all
right uh K Harris has uh said that the
rich people should pay their fair share
of the corporations and the billionaires
and that's her tax policy don't make me
give you details I just want people to
pay their fair share and if I said fair
share enough hey I've got some words
you'd like to hear fair share fair share
fair share now you can't beat that
because there's no details to argue
against so there's a trick I've taught
you in Persuasion it's called entering
the illusion so rather than saying you
dumb there's no such thing as a
fair share of anything don't do that
that would be a sexist and wrong so
here's the right way to do it without
all that sexist bad stuff you don't want
that um you enter the
illusion and you ask them to help you
calculate fairness and you say can you
give us some details I'd like to know
what's fair uh I'm a billionaire and I'd
like to pay my fair share so I did some
work on this on X uh let me share this
with you and I I said that I'm going to
need a little help figuring out how to
calculate it so really just a
calculation problem I'm buying the
illusion right I'm accepting the
illusion and I'm moving inside it the
illusion is that there's something
called fair and that if you work a
little harder you can figure out what
that is that's complete Ridiculousness
but if you say that's complete
Ridiculousness people will look at you
and say no it's not no that's that's
that's crazy and they look at you and go
oh that's what the billionaire selfish
people say and you say no really there's
fairness it's just like this weird
subjective thing you say there's there's
no objective standard there's not even
any way to calculate such a thing yes it
is right so you can't get anywhere if
you stay outside the
illusion outside the illusion you have
no weapons you got to get inside it
inside it says all right I accept I
accept your frame that there's something
called fairness and we have not achieved
it so let's calculate it let's figure
out how to figure that out from inside
the frame so I said how would I do that
I said for example uh during my adult
life I've paid about 10 times as much
taxes as the average citizen uh because
things have going well I made a lot of
money in my life and I consume
relatively little in public
services so how much uh uh will my taxes
be cut uh and how much would you raise
the taxes on the middle class to get me
back to Fair because I think you you
would agree that if I pay more than I
consume well that's not
fair oh oh is that not your definition
of
fairness but that's fair the fair is
that you pay for what you use why would
I pay for more than I use while somebody
else is getting stuff and not
paying that's fair and if you say that
is
fair say it out
loud just tell me that's your standard
it's something else or how about this we
look at the raw dollar amount without uh
looking at who consumed what so forget
about let's say we forget about the part
of who use the Public
Services if you just do the dollar
amount well here again I paid 10 times
more than other people so I'm expecting
a big tax cut and maybe raising the
taxes substantially on the middle class
to get to fairness to get to fairness oh
okay so we're not going to just count
the dollar amount but there's still
other ways to do this there are lots of
ways to calculate
this how about we just factor in hours
worked so that the people who work the
most hours uh are
incentivized isn't that fair that the
people who work the most would get a
little tax break because they
contributed the most now here I'm
including you could be working the most
as a CEO or you could be working the
most as a garbage collector a plumber it
doesn't matter what your job is
if you're putting in lots of
hours maybe that should give you a tax
cut well I worked seven days a week most
of my life probably 60 hours a week on
average so I'd be looking for a big tax
cut because I'm one of those people who
put in longer hours because you should
make more money if you work longer hours
right isn't that fair the people who
work work harder get more money I think
we all agree with that that's fair so
that would give me a big old big old tax
cut
or we could go by
percentages percentages would be good if
you don't want to go by raw dollar
amounts let's figure out what's fair on
percentages let's see I'm in California
so we got a lot of state taxes it's over
133% now and if you had my federal taxes
to that my property taxes and my sales
taxes um I pay around 60% of my income
in taxes
60% so that would be a lot more than the
middle class so again I would expect a
big tax cut to get me back in the the
range of fairness which would be you
know something under 50%
probably um it could still be
Progressive by the
way I'm not arguing against progressive
tax rates you could still be Progressive
but you'd still have to give me a big
big tax
cut um or that's not the only way so so
we've got the raw dollar The Hours
worked the percentages those would all
give me a tax cut but there's another
way we could tax the unrealized gains on
assets now that's what Harris is
recommending the unrealized gains so for
example if you owned a an asset a farm
say and it had tripled in value she'll
start P taxing you on how much it went
up in value which is a problem because
the only way you'd be able to pay such a
tax is by selling your
farm or part of it
so that would be called not so much
taxation there's another word for that
what what do you call it when you take
from somebody something that they have
and you've been told that they could
keep it that'd be called theft theft the
word is theft that would be government
theft of something you'd already paid
taxes
on put into an investment form and then
they told you you couldn't keep it
they're going to take some of it theft
now you could pursue that that to give
fairness and uh that would achieve
fairness I know this is going to
surprise you I do consider that fair and
what I mean by fair is I would get the
 out of this country I'd move to El
Salvador or somewhere that doesn't do
that and I'd go get me some fairness and
then everybody who stayed and loved it
they'd be living in the country they
loved because it'd be all fair but all
the smart people who make some money
would get the out of this losing
 country that's trying to steal
our money and I'll go anywhere where to
keep your paw off of what I worked my
entire life to
keep but the main point here is not
which point which of these methods you
pick the main point is I'd like to get
inside your illusion let's do a little
calculating and let's show our
work meanwhile mayor Adams no
relationship to me in uh New York he's
being uh indicted for it's a little
murky to me just because I haven't
looked at the details it's not murky but
to me it is um so I guess he accepted a
bunch of business upgrade luxury travel
stuff from some entity in turkey at the
same time he was being asked to um help
get some approvals of a building that
the the Turks wanted to built in New
York City that had been held up by some
kind of regulatory thing and he did
that's so the news says he did intervene
and I think it made a difference it made
may have sped it up now should he go to
jail for that so he accepted luxury
travel from some Turks who asked him for
a political favor in return which
allegedly he did he did the favor so
that's a bribe
right no it
isn't no it isn't now put me on the jury
can you put me on the jury let me
explain how this works
telling an entity in New York City while
you're the mayor that they should hurry
up in their regulatory stuff because
there's no reason it's it's been delayed
that's your job that's your
job in fact I've done that I've told you
this story before years ago when I was
in my
20s I I had some issue with the
government and entity within the
government so I wrote a letter to my um
California Senator
it was Pete Wilson at the time and I
said I've got a problem with this other
government entity they're they're
holding something up and they said we'll
look into it and then I said to myself
well that's the end of that they're
definitely not going to look into it and
then they followed up and they said we
looked into it and they actually got me
what I wanted because when they looked
into it it wasn't really reason for the
delay so the delay stopped and a whole
bunch of people benefited
because Senator P Wilson did a great job
for a member of his State I I described
a situation where he could just do his
normal job uh for his constituents then
he would do his normal job and we'd be
happier and then he did his normal job
and now we're happier so turkey gives
him some luxury accommodations how much
do I care not at
all not even a little bit if if somebody
who's a you know a
highlevel person who could you know
Garner that kind of thing fine it
doesn't bother me a bit I wouldn't care
if China paid for it or Putin I I I'm
happy he was
comfortable no problem now maybe there
should have been some disclosure or
something I don't know but I don't care
about it now do I care that turkey in
return now that they had sort of a
relationship they used their
relationship is that is that illegal is
it illegal to form a
relationship and then use it for Access
no no that's not illegal and then they
asked for something that would actually
be the job of a mayor to make sure that
something that's being held up in red
tape get solved so then he went and
solved their building problem was that
bad for New York City is it bad for New
York City that a building gets built
fast and accurately and then it gets
filled with tenants who pay rent no it's
good for New York City that's his job
his job is to make sure New York City
runs now I think there was a a related
part where some Turkish or other funders
were doing um some kind of fake
Grassroots um donations to make it look
like it wasn't one entity now that stuff
just sounds illegal but I don't know the
extent to which um the mayor Adams was
even involved with that so that part I
have some questions about but the part
where turkey gives him some nice trips
and then asks him to do his job and then
he does his job and it's good for New
York City and it's good for
turkey that's a little bit too much for
I mean to me that looks like lawfare it
just looks like lawfare and although we
don't know this for
sure it would suggest that maybe the
real problem here is that he was anti or
he wanted to be tougher on immigration
and that was causing a problem for the
administration so they lawf fired him
could
be well in the news uh black lives
matter of Greater New York got a little
attention because they're very much
opposed to Mayor Adams now they they
just say he's a bad mayor and they've
got all kinds of complaints about him in
general not just this but uh who do you
think was a representative of black
lives matter of Greater New York well
it's our old friend Hawk Newsome
Hawk
Nome now if you don't follow the news
closely you might confuse Hawk Nome with
Hui completely different well as far as
I know maybe he's been to a diddy party
maybe he hasn't I don't know but in
general I'm going to assume that hul
Nome and HW Tui are completely different
concepts so don't get that confused with
the story
whatsoever so Hawk is a Founder
co-founder of black lives matter of
Greater New York with his sister who was
also with him who is the other
co-founder and uh they were against
mayor Adams despite the fact that it's
black lives matter and he's black now if
you didn't know anything about let's say
the background of the story you might
accept it a little bit differently than
I do because I I got to work with Hawk
new some back in the original BLM days
2020 probably no when was it 2018 or
something I I forget
but I think that Hawke got
excommunicated from black lives matter
the the national version so I think he's
got sort of his own little local
thing I'd be surprised if there are more
than 10 people in his
organization I think it's under 10
people but he's really good at getting
attention and getting in front of the
camera and making his point but it's
funny that black lives matter kind of
got disgraced and we don't hear about it
much and when they do come back in the
news they're against the black
guy
now I'm not going to say that they don't
have a point because I do not know the
performance of Mayor Adams as mayor so
maybe they have really good points maybe
they don't I don't know one way or the
other but it's definitely not something
coming from black lives matter it's
coming from
Hawke and you know maybe two or three
people agreed with him in his
organization that's it that's the whole
story it's Hawke his sister and maybe
two or three other
people national
news all
right
anyway
um there's a new new pole Emerson
College that says that uh
Harris is way ahead in New York state
now everybody expected that but she's
according to them she's pulling 54 to 40
that's a that's a big
difference um however just for
some recreational fun there are 8 to n
million people who live in New York city
mayor Adams would be the most powerful
political figure among that eight or n
million and uh at least
there was I think there was a 2 million
difference of votes in New York state
between um Biden and Trump two million
voters so he could influence a
population of eight or nine million of
course they're not all
voters and the old margin was only 2
million it looks like it might be a
bigger margin this time but it could be
smaller because remember this is just
one poll and we don't trust the polls
so it does seem to me that well let let
me speculate how many of you think that
um mayor Adams is a good negotiator we
don't know but what do you think so he
was a police chief and now he's a New
York city
mayor could you possibly do those jobs
without being a tough negotiator just in
general because he you know he's
probably negotiated with everything from
Criminal people to every bureaucracy to
his own political
party he's probably really good at
negotiating right now imagine you're in
a room with him during the time he was
complaining the most about the migrant
burden on the
city if he's talking to a Democrat who's
who's stonewalling him and saying nope
you're not going to get anything for
your city no we really really need it
the migrant thing is killing us nope
you're not going to get a thing okay I
don't think you understand we need this
this is this you're killing me
politically you're killing me and you're
killing my city nope you're not going to
get a thing what would you do you're all
alone in the room there's an important
Democrat sitting there who's just giving
you
nothing I'll tell you what I'd do if I
were a good negotiator I'd say this I'd
say you
realize that Trump would do something
about this
what are you saying are you saying you
would endorse
Trump no I'm saying I'll consider it I'm
still waiting for you to help
me but if you don't yes I'm going to
consider endorsing Trump
now this is a speculative just imaginary
conversation but if you put me in the
room I'd say it if you made me a
lifelong Democrat and you put me in the
situation that mayor Adams was in you
put me in a room with one powerful
Democrat who's giving me nothing
I'm going to say you are my problem I
can't be in this party if you're can to
act like that and while I hate 10 things
that the Republicans do I'm going to
endorse them because this is the biggest
problem in New York city so you
if you stay this way I'm going to go
public and endorse Trump good luck with
that now I would said said it even if I
didn't mean
it because it's negotiations you don't
always say things you mean when you're
negotiating you just want to make them
think about it think maybe it's a risk
now imagine if that person took that
conversation back to the people in power
they'd have to destroy him just because
the risk even before he said a word
they'd have to say okay we're going to
have to destroy him so that if he does
come out in favor of trump it's going to
look like a a desperation move for his
political future it won't look like it's
a real opinion we have to destroy him
first that's what it looks
like the other possibilities he broke
some laws and I don't know all the
details and they caught
him but we don't really live in a world
where we see that work as much as the
other thing where it's just law fair you
if we were not in the middle of the the
deepest law
fair Darkness we've ever seen I wouldn't
even consider that possibility but since
that's the go-to at the moment I do
consider it speaking of
lawfare um you'll be happy to
know that Attorney General Andrew Bailey
of Missouri has filed suit against the
Harris Biden uh
doj for refusing to turn over records
related to the uh illicit what what uh
you know AJ Bailey calls the illicit
prosecution of President Trump so this
would include communication between the
doj and Alvin Bragg Leticia James and
fonnie Willis those would be the
prosecutors AGS attorney generals who
were going after
uh let's see brag is the da there yes so
they're all Das going after Trump now so
the point here is to find out if there
was any coordination between the
Department of Justice on behalf of the
Harris Biden Administration to help
these local prosecutors do their thing
and maybe even promise them something in
return
possibly now the so the the suit that's
being filed if I understand it correctly
is because they've already asked for
this information through legal means
they have a right to it and they're not
getting it so they're being stonewalled
probably until after the
election you know what I mean so um if
you haven't been following Attorney
General Andrew Bailey from Missouri
I would strongly recommend he's a really
good follow on X because a lot of the
good things pushing back in the in a
legal sense a lot of the push back
coming from the Republicans is coming
from only a few sources right you'll see
DeSantis do do his thing you'll see
Texas do their thing um but you got to
watch Missouri so Missouri is a real
wild card because Bailey's there and
he's doing a great job so this is his
followup he's pushing a second time
harder to see what he can
get what if he gets something be before
the
election talk about a third
act the ultimate third act would look
like
this finding out that the assassination
temps had some connection to our own
government
y finding out that our elections were in
fact rigged in the past I'm not
predicting it just saying what would be
the best movie
ending and uh finding out that they had
coordinated the lawfare from the
administration those would be sort of
the three worst
suspicions and there's some chance not a
high one there's some
chance
nonzero that all three of these would be
revealed in the next
month I would definitely bet against it
I'd bet against any one of them being
revealed in the next month because I
don't have any direct evidence of of any
of it
but my goodness would that make a movie
what a movie that would
be all
right
um the uh SEC is going after uh some
companies that made some claims about
their Alzheimer clinical trial so I
guess the uh executives are being blamed
for lying about the effectiveness of
their um their test so why the SEC well
that would affect the investors so if
you invested based on their claim that
their trial was working uh you would get
screwed so the SEC got involved now
interestingly Mark cubin um on a recent
interview said that he might be
interested in working at the SEC being
being the head of the SEC in let's say a
Biden Administration hypothetically now
I don't know what he had in mind for
that but I'm really
curious I'm really curious because what
is it that would make Mark cubin think
that first of all that's where he would
want to put any effort and what is the
specific set of problems he's looking to
cure because you know what I don't think
you should rule him out under either
Administration I just want to hear what
he wants to do so if he wants to cure
some problems that are known to be in
the
SEC and he's got a list of things I got
to fix this this and
this I don't know maybe he belongs on
the pirate
ship you know what I mean maybe RFK Jr
lifelong Democrat but he's the perfect
person to make sure that we fix our food
supply and be a little smarter about our
Pharma situation who would be the
perfect person at the SEC
I don't know but I'd love to hear what
he has to say about it
and I I'd love to see he could even say
I Hate Everything Trump's doing but I
got to fix these three
problems if it's three good problems and
he could really fix
them I don't know I might be all in on
that what I'd worry about is if it gave
him any power over Trump you know that
would be a
nonstarter but if he really just wanted
to go fix some things that the country
desperately needs fixed and he has a
bead on it I would I would very
favorably look at that because I love
the pirate ship there's plenty of room
in the pirate
ship anyway
um there are allegedly three teams of
assassins in the country that may have
shoulder mounted missiles that could
knock a jet out of the air specifically
the worry is that they're going after
Trump's Trump Force One and that they
would try to kill him in the air I ask
you this there are two theories of
what's going on here Theory number one
Iran sent a team of Assassins maybe more
than one to kill Trump using these
shoulder missiles and uh they would do
that knowing that that would result in
the death of every leader in Iran as
Welling as well as turning Tran into a
wasteland sort of a Gaza situation now
Iran would know that if they
don't well well they know that I I don't
even have to say anything Iran
knows that if they if they kill Trump
all of their leaders will be dead fairly
soon it won't even take that long and
they also know that we would lay waste
to their country and we wouldn't look
back we wouldn't even blink now would
that be good for America no it'd be
terrible you know because Iran has lots
of ways to get back it'd be terrible but
we do it we do
it and and so so the first theory is
that Iran knows that they all will be
personally killed and their country
would be destroyed but they thought it
would be a good idea to assassinate our
president in a obvious way that we would
know it was
them so that's one possibility here's
the other
possibility that the Deep State blob the
people in our military industrial
complex the state department those
people The Blob that they see an
opportunity for a
twofer two benefits one benefit is
getting rid of trump because he's
anti-war second benefit is it would be a
cause for a war which they love and it
would be a cause for a war with Iran
which they might love a little
extra so who do you think would be
behind a rocket attack on Trump's
airplane do you think it would be Iran
who very clearly would know that they
would lose everything everything their
lives their economics their future
everything do you think they would do it
knowing they would lose everything
knowing keep it keep in mind there's no
risk assessment here we would kill every
one of their leaders if they take out
Trump we're killing every one of their
leaders there's just no way around that
they know that they've dealt with
America long enough that they know
that's a death
sentence
or do you think they're looking for
maybe other ways to get what they want
and there's somebody's looking for a
twofer and the way they're priming you
to think that it's a ran is to tell you
in advance hey it might be a ran I'd
certainly be worried about a ran with a
shoulder missile and next is it a
coincidence that a shoulder-mounted
missile fired by somebody in the bushes
would be the hardest thing to determine
who fired
it yeah it would be it'd be pretty hard
to figure out who fired it so it's sort
of the perfect false flag situation to
solve two problems if one of your
problems is that you don't want Trump to
be in the picture
anymore so that's what I'm worried
about
um the uh republicans in Congress are
going to do some oversight on why did
the FCC so quickly approve Soros buying
a few hundred radio stations when
everything else takes a lot
longer now I'm going to say the same
thing I said about mayor Adams if the
reason that Soros got faster approval is
because he had good Connections in the
government and somebody whose job it was
to make make sure the things that need
to get approved get approved in a timely
manner and all they did was going do
their job it's like oh why is this
taking so long no reason it should take
so long let's move that up the list
that's possible it's entirely possible
it was just somebody doing their job a
little better so it got moved to the top
and there was nothing really to stop it
um but it's worth investigating it's
worth investigating because as Elon Musk
agreed when somebody was posting
something about it Soros is buying
influence over the United States it's
not just he's buying
influence he's he's buying a propaganda
uh
platform but other people would say well
what do you call X well what I call X is
a platform which All Views could be on
it with no exceptions you know unless
it's illegal whereas the radio station
if it's like every other radio station
the owner decides what kind of Direction
they have and then it keeps that
direction so
different there's a interesting story
happening with u some pen professor who
is getting uh badly punished by uh her
uh her uh
employer and what did she say the things
that uh so she's tenured but I guess
they're going to take away her summer
pay and cutter pay and punish her every
way they can um and she has prohibited
from quote flagrantly unprofessional and
targeted disparagement of any individual
or group wow I like I guess that's
pretty bad if she was targeting and
flagrantly unprofessional about some
groups well what did she say about some
groups uh I saw a interview with Glenn
Lowry um which was exactly the right
person to talk to on this topic which
you might know if you know Glenn
um so here's what she allegedly said at
one point she said she didn't recall
ever seeing quote a black student
graduate in the top quarter of the law
class and quote rarely in the top half
in two decades at
pen somebody's ringing my
doorbell this time of
day give me a second I got see if this
is anything that's blown up on
me I'll just check my
cam you're going to disappear for a
second
all
right what do we got going on
here uh somebody who has a long
pole and a piece of
paper that looks really important all
right let me
say all right I'm going to have to yell
over my uh balcony wait a sec
h
[Music]
all
right construction delivery It's all
under control
now all right sorry about that anyway so
to finish that story The Pen Professor
had also said quote not all cultures are
equal uhoh not functionally equal in
creating citizens who can succeed in
modern
civilizations um so the her idea
was that there are some cultures they're
optimized for the modern world and some
that are not and she's not judging them
as morally or ethically good or bad so
it's not a judgment it's just an
observation for example if I took a
bunch of people who said um you know
we're we're going to decide that our
culture is hard work and telling the
truth and you know getting a lot of
talents and then you compared it to
another culture that was hey let's just
enjoy our life and I'm not saying this
these cultures apply to any specific
people I'm I'm supposed this is a
non-racial um example you'd think that
the people who decided as a culture that
hard work and you know doing the right
thing and following the law and all that
would perform
better now as soon as you add a race to
that then it becomes a racial question
if I take the race out everybody agrees
oh yeah the people who learn to work
hard and obey the rules probably do
well um but as soon as you overlay that
and say well we wonder if all the r if
all the cultures every culture is given
giving people the same
benefit personally I feel I benefited
greatly by the cultural effects I had as
a child because it was all about
nobody's going to help you you got to do
it yourself nobody's going to pay for
you after college you're GNA have to
figure this out it's all on you and then
sure enough if I wanted to do something
I could often do all kinds of things but
it was all on me
so I thought that was a magnificently
useful cultural
effect can we and I think Glenn Glenn
Lowry again because he's a black man
with a very smart opinions he's I think
Economist is his profession um I
recommend him highly
but I wonder if there's anything useful
that you could take from
this because if you just say black
people have bad cultures that's why
everything's wrong that's that's just
ridiculous because you see you know
plenty of successful black people and
I'm always impressed by the successful
musicians and athletes who say you know
basically my mom or my parents are the
reason I succeeded yes exactly the the
reason you succeeded well you had talent
but the reason you succeeded is probably
because your parents were awesome in
many cases that's probably exactly what
it was so so how do you how do you how
do you get out of the stupid part of the
argument where you're just arguing no
you're a racist stop saying that no
you're racist and how do you get it to
everybody's culture could be better
maybe that's the way to do it it doesn't
matter who you are I mean there's plenty
of you know poor white people poor every
other kind of person who doesn't have
the exact right cultural
influences so if we just say how about
we stop putting people into racial
groups and just say uh that your
parental and cultural influences are one
of the biggest variables and no matter
who you are here's how you fix it or at
least that you know that's the problem
so you have a chance of fixing it so
it's one of those problems where because
we can't get into that Euro racist
problem we can't even have a useful
conversation of you know I'd be willing
to help
yeah you just if we could just agree
what the problem is I'd be willing to
help I've written several books which
would be if you didn't know how to you
know raise a kid with the right things
they'd be really useful for example if
you read my book had a failed almost
everything and still went
big and you were a parent you could
transfer that to your kid you could say
it's important that you you know treat
things like systems not just goals you
it's important that you take care of
your your health it's important that you
stay in the jail I mean basically all
the things in the book and and build a
talent stack and so you're until you're
so talented that nobody can deny you so
there's definitely a way you can fix
culture but you'd have to give somebody
a a blueprint you know one of my books
is the blueprint but I don't know if it
works for every
group so that's what I
say and that brings brings me to the
conclusion of my
amazing program um I have been doing
these longer but it's because the news
is just so juicy lately I'm going to go
talk to the people on locals privately
my subscribers my my beloved
subscribers and the rest of you I will
see you tomorrow thanks for joining on X
and YouTube and Rumble you're awesome I
appreciate you got 30 seconds
and
e
e
e
e
e for