doo-doo-doo bum bum bum doesn't is that
I hope most of you are already home from
church or you're awake after sleeping in
whatever it is that you're doing but
whatever it is you know what time it is
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
that's me you know who you are
grab your coffee and let's share a
simultaneous sip drinking to the Golden
Age so let me tell you about the Golden
Age I've been talking about this coming
for a while and maybe you've noticed
that the universe seems to be serving up
more surprises than normal it started
about the time of president Trump's
ascension from the time that he
announced he was running and it seems to
be continuing all the way through the
North Korean progress in each of these
cases what we're seeing are things that
we didn't think we're possible
this is important to my point we keep
seeing a series of things that don't
seem possible based on our old thinking
and I'm going to give you a little chalk
talk in a moment and I'm going to tell
you how we're seeing more signs of the
Golden Age now the Golden Age I define
as a time when everything is largely
going right you know all the big stuff
is heading in the right direction
nothing's perfect we're heading in the
right direction and part of that Golden
Age is the realization that many of our
problems are psychological and not
physical a physical problem is you have
a plague and you
have a you know a vaccine or a cure
that's a physical problem most of our
problems now are the North Korea type of
problem where they're afraid that we're
going to attack them but we don't really
want to it's a misunderstanding maybe
there's a way they could have security
so in other words a president Trump
comes on the scene and probably the one
thing that defines Donald Trump let's
say you know the human not just the
office probably one of the things that
defines him better than anything love
him or hate him
there's he has one defining trait well
he has several I guess but one defining
trait of Donald Trump is that he doesn't
see limits on what he can do apparently
he doesn't see limits on his his
marriage his you know you know what
level he can rise to in society how much
money he can make what what industries
he can get into and succeed what things
he can say on Twitter he's simply
someone who doesn't see the same mental
barriers at other scene now one of the
most most observers been saying about
President Trump for two-and-a-half years
it goes something like this you can't do
that you can't say that hold my hold my
diet coke I'm gonna do that watch watch
me do that right in front of you I'm
gonna give this guy a nickname I'm gonna
you know I'm gonna insult this person
it'll all work out
and it seems impossible until you start
seeing it all work out the economy is
blazing North Korea's is starting to you
know go in the right direction and if
North Korea goes this will be your
biggest signal for the Golden Age
because it will be the the most
conspicuous problem here's the important
part if North Korea goes in the right
direction D nuclear Rises and
everybody's happy
that they they really actually did it it
will be the biggest
probably a success story in history in
which it was a psychological problem
that was solved with psychological means
short of war all right and the old days
we just went to war so we just killed
each other until somebody somebody said
okay I give up this was always a
psychological problem and is being
solved largely you know the the
sanctions are you know vaguely
quasi-military but largely a
psychological solution this is a big
deal all right I'm gonna tell you about
another big thing that's happening some
of you have seen that Mike certain
Evette recently has been noting that
there just seems to be something in the
universe that's happening you know maybe
it's the simulation we like to say but
whether it's something happening in the
simulation or whatever filter you want
to put on it it feels like there's
something big happening and I think a
framework to see this big happening
stuff is that people are breaking out of
what I call their their mental prisons
the people are realizing that there were
things that used to to hold us back they
used to limit what we could do and you
know what our danger was and what our
opportunity was the much of these were
psychological and once we get to a
higher plane of sort of understanding
how you know how reality works now
people actually think and how we're not
really rational and and we're also not
as crazy as we like to think the other
person is so let me give you the best
example of that recently so you can see
that there might be a pattern developing
yes we'll go into the white board it's
white board time
alright aren't you glad you tuned in for
this very special coffee with Scott
Adams let's have another simultaneous
sip and then I'll take you through this
you're gonna like this oh that's good
alright so we humans have developed a
number of prisons of the mind things
that we just imagined to be our
limitations were imagined to be true and
it limits what we think is possible when
it limits what choices we make here are
two of the biggest ones I talk about
this a lot
one is the false belief the history
repeats it doesn't it never does it just
looks like it because we have this
pattern recognition brain so anytime we
see anything that reminds us of another
thing we said well there it is history
repeating again but that's not what's
happening history can't repeat because
all the variables are changing all the
time so you can't ever have the same
starting point you ever had in history
history never repeats ever if you think
it does you're in the mental prison if
you think it doesn't do you know what
happens if you think that history
doesn't repeat then you can become
President of the United States without
ever being a politician if you believe
that history repeats you don't even try
President Trump is not in a mental
prison did he think that North Korea was
unsolvable nope
did he think he couldn't negotiate trade
deals nope he didn't think that did he
think he couldn't give people nicknames
and win an election that way with other
stuff of course nope did he think he
could you know that nobody could talk
about immigration without being labeled
a racist and there
you know their life was over didn't seem
to bother him he consistently shows you
that history doesn't repeat where did
you get that well probably it traces
back to the same place I got it
the power of positive thinking remember
his pastor when he was a kid was norman
vincent peale who wrote the power of
positive thinking the power of positive
thinking is very close to this it's very
close to thinking to to the belief that
you're not in a mental prison history
doesn't define you you know you you can
you can get in that little mental prison
here's another one that I like to look
at this is another mental prison all
right that the problem has to be the
solution now this will require some
explaining all right but it's a mental
trap it's a prison if you think that the
only solutions are things that are
closely related to the problem I'll show
you how that works in a real world
situation first some context when
slavery was the problem you could say
that you know white people were
essentially the problem for slavery
right and it required white people to do
something massively different for
slavery to go away so in this case the
problem and the solution were very
similar
it was white people white people were
the problem white people had to change
then move fast forward to the civil
rights era again even though everybody
was involved in the civil rights right
you know all the every every group and
gender and everybody was involved in
that but the people who had to change
the most the people who had to pass laws
etc were white people so white people
were kind of the problem and white
people were kind of the solution to all
right but when you get to what I would
call the last mile there's what I call
the last mile fog
in these earlier situations it was very
clear what had to be done all right you
have to you have to get rid of slavery
you have to change the laws you have to
prosecute some people who violate the
laws so it was fairly clear what to do
what the problem was
etc but now you get to this last mile
where things are way better but still
lots of things could be far better than
they are and I'll give you an example of
what I mean by the fog the fog is where
people don't even quite agree what the
problem is all right so I saw I think
where Shaun King was tweeting around
yesterday some statistics showing that I
hope I have this right an unarmed black
man has something like four times more
chance of being shot by police in in a
you know inappropriate shooting whatever
name they put on that but a unarmed
remember and nobody has a gun in any of
these examples but an unarmed black man
has a four times greater chance of being
shot by police
now I lingered on that a little bit
because I know many of you are throwing
up in your mouths right now because you
disagree with that being true so you
actually disagree on whether this
statistic is correct now I don't know if
it's correct or not but I know that a
lot of you are saying something like
this all right you know some version of
this you're probably thinking the people
watching this periscope you're thinking
to yourself but wait a minute
wouldn't it be true that the greatest
number of unarmed people in general are
going to be shot
wherever there's the highest crime so
wouldn't you expect that if you're in a
high crime neighborhood unarmed people
who are innocent are going to be shot at
a far greater rate so when the poverty
rate really be the main variable here
and unfortunately if more black people
are in bad neighborhoods they're in high
crime crime neighborhoods of course more
innocent people of all types
are gonna be harmed for all reasons now
does that explain away Shawn king
statistic I have no idea but nobody else
does either I've never seen that debated
have you I've never seen an article
where somebody gave that statistic and
then also gave the other side and said
well but have they controlled for this
variable maybe they have I don't know
but you don't know either
so that's my point there's this fog
about this last mile and you know what
do you do about it so we're coming to a
point that I think will define the
Golden Age at least in some ways let's
see if you can
does that help you see this better in
which we're separating the problem from
the solution and what I mean by that is
sort of the philosophy you're seeing
from Candis Owens and you can google her
if you're not familiar with her she is a
conservative african-american woman
who's become a very important voice
because she represents a point of view
that you don't see as much as as you
probably will in the future now what's
interesting is that and what I mean but
by separating the problem from the
solution is that the conservative view
which Candice holds is that society has
done what it can do
meaning that white people have done what
they can do to make the laws you know as
close as possible to enforce the laws
etc and that the last mile no matter no
matter whose problem it is no matter who
causes the problem this is what's
different it doesn't matter if white
people are or are not the cause of the
last mile problem they can't fix it they
can do what they can do but they're not
really the solution so Candice is I
would say realization is that the
problem and the solution are disk
decadent and if you're still locked in
the past thinking that white people have
to do something
you know much different you're going to
be missing your opportunities that
you're you're thinking about it wrong
and therefore your solutions will be
suboptimal now let me say I'm doing the
best I can to represent someone else's
opinion just so I can tell the full
story I apologize in advance for
summarizing it and maybe to the point of
being slightly inaccurate I hope I'm not
doing that but the basic idea is that
the conservative view that Candice seems
to be a good voice for is that only the
people who have the problem can fix it
it's not the people that did caused it
or you think caused it it doesn't matter
because they can't fix it
they're helpless to fix it they would if
they could probably would just can't no
I have all the tools now there are
things that can be done with with
funding and laws etc so there are lots
of things that can and should be done
but the conservative view is that the
big gains are how the people think about
the problem themselves in other words
Candice is saying that we're in the
golden age already and that the biggest
problem here is the way we think about
the problem because if we think about it
differently we can get to a better place
what was the big news of the week Kanye
West who is famous for saying things
like George Bush doesn't care about
black people for getting on stage with
Taylor Swift and making a statement that
Beyonce should have won and that
probably racism was part of the voting
so somebody who has strong credentials
for being you know an advocate for
African Americans and you know against
racism so Kanye has good credentials
from from that point of view what did he
tweet he tweeted I like the way Candace
Owens thinks seven words
and he ripped a hole in reality with
seven words because Kanye is supposed to
be over here and Candace is supposed to
be over here and they're not ever
supposed to say the other one said
something right all right that's not
supposed to happen
but Kanye did it anyway
Kanye knows history doesn't repeat he's
not a prisoner of the mind he knows that
the problem is not the solution whatever
you want to say about Kanye's politics
and I don't even know what what his
preferred politics would be I'm not even
sure what party you would run for it if
he ran for president at this point
whatever else you want to say about him
and I don't know enough about his actual
you know management skills or her or
political ability but he did something
that you you could rarely see he
actually just altered reality he just
made the entire conservative twist
Twittersphere just goes something like
this
well this looks like your head just went
what did I just say did I really see
this now forget about you know which
which of these views you like the best
that's not even the story forget about
whether you think Kansas has everything
right or everything wrong that's not the
story the story is that that these two
people that shouldn't be in the same
conversation in seven words Kanye just
changed that and he just freed a lot of
people from a mental prison Kanye in
seven words unlocked a mental prison
and is bringing you to the Golden Age
all right so that's my my sweeping
analysis and I think that we may see
more and more examples of things we just
didn't think were possible becoming
routine and that that would be as much
because we're thinking about things
differently than then because our
technology is getting better or we're
getting smarter I think we're going to
be just thinking that a lot more as
possible than we ever thought before and
then a lot of our barriers are just
mental prisons and Kanye just showed you
how to get out love them or hate them
you did that for you so yeah so Iran is
next right if North Korea works out and
I think you will it's time to talk to
her Ann because why do we really have a
beef with her aunt
we're in mental prison we're in the same
mental prison as a rant maybe we can
help each other get out because we don't
need to be problems for each other we
just don't all right give me some
feedback on this periscope is this the
sort of stuff you like or not
somebody said is there a second
whiteboard I have two whiteboards in my
house yes ones in the garage and one is
in my office okay
good people seem to like it that's what
I like to hear
takes a while for the comments to catch
up well getting a lot of super arts
that's great alright as I always say my
patreon account is for people who want
more of this kind of stuff because I
otherwise don't have advertising or
anything out here and I like to do it so
if you'd like to support it go to
patreon and look for Scott of them says
it's like a dollar a month or whatever
alright thank you everybody
I'll talk to you tomorrow