um hey everybody how's it going it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams you
came to the right place
lucky you I tell you everything's
looking good we're coming from a dark
dark time but we're back ladies and
gentlemen and everything else
I don't know what other categories there
are but just say there are we're coming
back it's all starting to come together
now and it's gonna be good it's gonna be
really good but first to ensure
everything goes well what do you need
yeah I think you know you need a cup or
a mug or glasses tankard let me try it
again
let me put my real teeth in all right
okay copper mug or glass a tank or
chelsye stein a canteen Joker flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine of the day the thing that makes
everything better it fixed the pandemic
it raised the stock market it made
everybody that lived together as one
well maybe not yet but after this step
get ready
join me go mm-hmm yeah I feel the racial
tension decreasing is it just my
imagination no I think it's real well
let's talk about all the things that are
happening if you missed it last night I
did a live stream with a hotel Jesus if
you are not following him you should
just look for a hotel
jesus H Oh TEP and we talked about all
things related to covet and all things
related to the George Floyd situation
and I'm getting a lot of good feedback
from that and one of the things that
that it occurs to me you know after our
conversation I finally realized that
it's impossible for any one person by
themselves just one speaker to
communicate on this topic and the reason
is there are things that I just can't
say because they would be offensive but
he can say because you know who is doing
the saying makes a big difference right
and I think there would be some things
in the other direction as well so I feel
as though like I had this little light
bulb went on when we were talking
because if you added the two of us
together we could say everything that
needed to be said but if it but if we're
talking individually and we're not there
literally at the same time in the same
conversation as soon as you separate us
we can both only say what we can say now
maybe there's only it only works one
direction but I assume it works both
directions so there were topics that we
could cover as a duo that neither of us
could talk about individually very it's
fascinating really
when you think about that limitation on
I'm just communicating it's not a
limitation on free speech per se it's
just a communication limit that we place
on each other and here are some of the
things that came out of this and I guess
I would put these as sort of preliminary
preliminary understandings subject to
future improvement so if these are
roughly getting closer to the answer
that's good enough because they show
progress I don't think I'm there yet but
here's what I'm talking about
so hotep was making the point that black
lives matter and the feelings of the the
protesters the black community in
particular is that conservatives and
Republicans don't have empathy they
don't have the right feeling you know
the you know the feeling in your heart
toward the black community
and I thought to myself I wonder why
they think that because that's not my
impression at all you know I spend tons
of time with the left and the right and
I don't really see that I don't see any
lack of empathy whatsoever but it kind
of occurred to me that they do see it
and there's an obvious reason why the
obvious reason why is that the if the
black community is mostly seeing the
conservative Republican opinion as
spoken by people on TV and then the news
and stuff yeah more so than in person if
you were in a person you'd get a
different impression than if you're
talking if you look here's some of these
public pronouncements and here's here's
the insight see if this see if this
rings true to you that other
conservatives and Republicans by
philosophy reject empathy because
empathy is a way to take power
illegitimately in other words if you go
too far in empathy
you've departed the rule of law you've
departed you know the higher reasoning
you've departed maybe the Constitution
because those those guiding documents
tell you everything you need to do
empathy
oh you know empathy in a political sense
not in an individual sense so my claim
is that conservatives and Republicans
are identical to everyone else in
empathy they're just identical but as a
political philosophy they choose not to
use empathy for decision-making because
it's an inefficient way to make
decisions
you should have empathy but it should
not be an unnecessarily part of your
decision-making so in other words the
Constitution can say everybody gets a
fair shot but that's not going to work
out for everybody
and if you said oh we gave everybody a
fair shot but it didn't work out for
some people they had bad luck or
whatever
was that that went wrong let's fix that
as soon as you do that then you don't
have the same system anymore because you
can't fix everybody who gets behind
without making everybody equal and then
you end up with socialism so I believe
that what the black community at least
through howtechs opinion you know that
again we're limited by just the people
we talk to we don't know everybody's
opinion but a hotel's view that the
conservatives and Republicans were
hurting themselves essentially because
they weren't showing the the degree of
empathy that is clearly being requested
and I would say that it is clearly being
requested abandoned if you will you know
but certainly requested we need this
much empathy in order to move on in
order to be productive in order to get
past this we need this much empathy and
you're just not giving it to us why not
like President Trump where where's your
empathy and I was thinking about it I
thought to myself yeah if you didn't
already know that conservatives and
Republicans are identical to everybody
else in terms of empathy if you didn't
know that in their hearts there's no
real difference and all you saw was
their public philosophical look and the
political philosophical look is that you
don't use empathy to make decisions it's
just a bad way to make decisions a
better way is the law of the
Constitution democracy the republic you
know that the actual structures so and
and it felt like I don't know that that
point of view had ever been communicated
before and indeed I don't know that I
never thought of it before
because it you know it never really came
up it was just something I knew to be
true but I didn't know it was relevant
in some way to this conversation so that
was interesting a point that I made that
hotep seem to agree with is I've made
the following analogy that you shouldn't
look to the source of the problem for
your solution I talked about that my
book loser think one of the biggest
problems people make is they say all
right if if my problem is coming from
here that's what I gotta fix I got a
thing I got to fix the thing that's the
problem
common sense right this is my problem
that's what I got effects except it's
not common sense and we don't do that
commonly and the analogy I used was
let's say the problem is is raining can
you stop the rain you cannot the problem
is is raining what do you do or you
could even generalize it to bad weather
but the problem is rain you can't stop
the rave but what you can do is going
doors you can build a structure with a
roof that stops rain you could buy
yourself an umbrella and a little rain
hat you can wait until it stops raining
all right so you can't sometimes there's
a problem that just by its nature you
can't really address the problem you can
only find a good strategy that makes the
problem irrelevant and so I was making
the point that if if young black kids
were taught strategy racism would still
exist because people are pattern
recognition machines and and even if you
cured all racism in all living people
today the very next baby that was born
would be a racist because it would be
born with a pattern recognition brain
and we're not good at pattern
recognition
that's what racism is your pattern
recognition you have it but it's not
it's not giving you the right pattern
and because it's it's assuming that
everybody is some way and obviously
that's never the case so so my analogy
was if you worked on the strategy
directly that's that's a lever that's a
big lever and if it's available you can
pull it so if you and I gave this
specific example I said how many 12 year
old african-american kids know the
following is true that if they want to
get a job interview at a fortune 500
company
and there was one other person just to
keep it simple who was a white person
with identical credentials which one of
you gets the job every time it's the
black candidate every time it doesn't
matter who's interviewing them and it
doesn't even matter what company Ennis
if it's a big company they need to hire
minority candidates and it's a real
problem
because they need to recruit they
they're gonna have to go look for them
and the pool of the pool of opportunity
isn't as large as they would like it to
be so the fortune 500 companies are
competing for the the black candidate
they're not competing for the white
candidate in the same way even though
the job market is tight but I said how
many twelve-year-old kids know that they
have a total lock on a job if they stay
out of jail and don't give somebody
pregnant and study in school you know
just the basics if you just do the
basics how many know that you're
guaranteed a good life I mean nothing's
really guaranteed but you know it's as
close as you can get to being pretty
sure things are going to work out for
you in the long run if not right away
so anyway otep seem to be an agreement
on the basic point that you don't look
to solve the problem especially if it's
an unsolvable problem people have
pattern recognition machine machines as
brains you can't solve that it's like
the rain there's always going to be
pattern recognition in human brains
there will always be rain you can build
a roof and in the case of your pattern
recognition brain you can find
strategies to you know overcome it you
can make laws to make it illegal you can
teach people you can train them you can
you know live by experience you can
tweak it and there's just tons of stuff
you can do strategy wise but the reason
that you're not succeeding in getting
rid of racism is that it's not possible
it's not possible it would require
rebooting the nature of a brain itself
and again I'm not saying just white
people being biased I mean every form of
bias is baked
into every brain you can't get rid of
that but you can't make a strategy that
says all right what do you do with that
how about we just admit it's there why
don't we just say it's there all the
time and just work with it
anyway I thought was pretty productive
you should look at my Twitter feed or
howtechs to find that a lot of people
say they they're enjoying him all right
if we were a species that used facts to
make decisions there's a fact that just
happened something we all know to be a
fact they should have changed how we see
this whole Georgia Floyd thing but it
didn't it didn't even change it a little
bit so this is one of those examples
where you can you can tell yourself you
know I've been saying for several years
in fact it's the subtitle of one of my
books the facts don't matter two
decisions of course facts matter to what
actually you know happens in the world
what they don't influence us for our
decisions which is weird because you
think of fact would actually matter but
here's the fact I'm talking about so we
watched in the buffalo as police pushed
a 75 year old white guy they pushed them
on i guessing fell and hurt himself you
had I don't know sudden head injury and
when we watch the video we were all sort
of similarly horrified because the
police seemed uninterested in his
well-being in other words they just
pushed them to the ground one started to
look after him but the other policeman
pulled him away it looked like somebody
was calling an EMT so they were they
were doing something for him but they
were not showing much that looked like
empathy it looked like almost and robots
you know it's like push it out of the
way
okay don't help him we'll call somebody
else to help him just keep going so
there was something cold and robotic and
it lacked humanity but here's the thing
it was a white guy it was a white guy
you saw a white guy being treated by
police with
what at least on video we can't see you
know we can't tell what they're thinking
obviously but on video the way it looked
to us is police treating an old white
guy with I don't know a complete lack of
passion compassion complete lack of
compassion now if we were a fact-based
species we would say to ourselves wait a
minute what does that look like
now obviously killing a man with your
knee on his neck for nine minutes is the
whole level you know different than just
pushing an old man who hits his head
yeah I'm not gonna say those are morally
equivalent right don't don't get me in
that morally equivalent trap because
that's not where we're going I'm saying
it's another piece of information that
you watched police seemingly indifferent
to his race you know if what we had
watched is the the white guy comes up
and resists he basically resisted what
the police were telling him to do and I
guess they knew him to be an agitator
who was looking for some trouble but if
they had said hey white guy good job go
back to protesting you know how are the
kids
if they had done that I'd say well we
got a big problem here because they
killed the black guy who was resisting
but the white guy they patted the back
and say we'll see you at the barbecue
what's up with this but that didn't
happen
they just shoved the white guy and heard
him and walked around it they called the
UM T I think so maybe there should be
it's almost like this simulation was
trying to send us a hint to see if we
were smart enough to get it hey hey
maybe you're looking at the wrong thing
watch this watch what I do this old
white guy see if this tells you anything
that you didn't already know hey now
this brings us to another point there's
a hilariously failed to hit peace
hippies in terms of a tweet thread
that's a hit tweet thread against Tucker
Carlson and the weirdest thing about it
is it didn't lay a glove on him it's it
was the weakest hit piece I've ever
received in my life because it started
I'm talking about like he was
grandparent but if it was at his
grandparents or his parents you know who
had a company and they used immigrant
labor and blah blah and I'm thinking to
myself that's your hit piece against
Tucker is something something his
parents did when he was a baby oh you
got to try harder than that all right
but then they did try harder and here's
what they said
exactly so here's an actual quote from
the tweet threat against Tucker remember
this is supposed to the anti Tucker
hippies right here okay
so one of the tweets says it is this
crisis meaning the protests and stuff
coupled with the realities of climate
change what I don't know why you
throwing that in there the drive revolts
against neoliberalism like we saw
recently in France in the US the way to
classically deal with such a problem has
usually been way for this in the u.s.
the way the classically deal with such a
problem has usually been to divide the
working class against itself along race
lines now this is a sentence in a hit
piece that's supposed to be against
Tucker Carlson except I don't think
they've ever watched his show because on
almost every single show Tucker
Carlson's primary theme if I could say
it's a primary theme as to what I see
the most by far is this this Tucker
Carlson is the number one voice in the
country against against having the
elites separate the working class by
race so the thing that was a hit against
was so uninformed about the the major
theme of his show stop dividing us by
race that they think they thought they
thought this was something to feature as
a hit against him to say that Tucker
Carlson is contributing to to this
problem as opposed to the number one
voice in the country in terms of how
many people see him and how often he
talks about it and how strong he talks
about it is that to stop dividing us by
race it's what he says all but not
almost I think every single show how
could you not know that about Tucker
Carlson it's the very thing that defines
him you know if you could define it it's
a it's like your central identity almost
at least you have the TV identity this
stop dividing this by race there's
nothing he says more than that and this
is the hippies that he is contributing
to it okay that's a pretty weak hair
piece anyway I you should be so lucky to
have hit pieces against you that are so
weak that they make you look better here
here's something that CNN is criticizing
Fox News for and you know normally I
don't pay too much attention to the
back-and-forth because you know CNN and
Fox News are like your siblings are
always fighting you know so they always
fight about each other's coverage and I
don't pay too much attention to it
except sometimes it's fun but this was
this was a pretty good criticism it's so
bad that it's funny like I'm laughing
because it's bad about laughing at the
content there's the difference you know
laughing is something because it's so
inappropriate doesn't mean you're
laughing at the inappropriate part
you're laughing because it's so on are
pretty inappropriate okay that's an
important distinction
I guess Fox have a they showed a graphic
of how well the stock market does every
every time a black person is killed and
this is so bad that it's funny right
like I don't know how I don't know how
this got on TV but and then I didn't
believe it wouldn't seeing it was saying
it but they they showed the actual
graphic and it showed what percentage of
the stock market went up after MLK was
assassinated after the death of Rodney
King after death of Michael Brown and
the death of George Floyd and in each of
those cases the stock market went up and
I'm thinking ok I get that it might be
true but the fact that is true I don't
know if that's a good enough reason to
put that on the screen like I don't know
what you were thinking when you put that
on the screen but let's just say that
wasn't your finest day and again I'm not
laughing
of course at the deaths of anybody I'm
laughing at the ridiculousness there's
somebody somebody gave the green light
to that graphic that's just a head
shaker I mean you can't take that too
seriously because I don't think it means
there's no bad intent intention and you
know no matter which way the criticism
is going
I generally among the in favor of saying
all right this wasn't bad intention but
Wow there was a blind spot there you go
so now we're hearing more information
about the other three cops that were
involved in the George Floyd incident
and two of them were brand new police
uh-oh
you know what that means right the two
who were brand new were necessarily
relying on show Ovens opinion on what to
do if you're a if you're a juror and
somebody said all right these these guys
are rookies they're brand new and
they're looking to the veteran of 19
years Chauvin to tell them what to do
and indeed that's the conversation that
was reported is that I threw keys
we're asking Chauvin why shouldn't we do
and he was telling them what to do and
it turns out he told them what to do
wrong and it caused the death of this
guy you know the the totality of the
events did and then I guess the third
witness is cooperating and now do the
math you've got two who are rookies and
probably that's gonna be good enough for
the jury to get them off or to get some
kind of reduced thing that doesn't make
anybody happy and then the third is
cooperating and I don't know if that
means a reduced sentence or reduced
charges something like that
so you might have the three supporting
police already in a legal situation
where it's unlikely that they'll get any
kind of a serious penalty and then as
I've talked to you before I think
Chauvin defense forget about what you
think it think about it morally forget
about for the moment just for this
conversation what you think about it as
a human being and how it registered with
you from a purely legal strategy
perspective I think Chauvin is
definitely going to get off I think all
four cops are going to get off so if
you're not getting ready for the next
wave of this you need to so I mean it's
already baked in you could just put it
on your calendar at this point the
second set of destructions all right so
that's bad you know I think that Trump
had maybe one of the best weeks of his
life but I don't know that it'll be
recognized as such but look at the
things that it went right for Trump so
the the jobs as you know the jobs were
just way better than anybody expected
and even though we're coming off a low a
low base so anything looks good coming
off of the the low base you were all
happy about it
right it's unambiguously good news
except that apparently was not good news
for black unemployment which didn't go
up as
quickly so so that's no good
but in terms of jobs in general they
went up and you you one assumes that if
everything's heading in the right
direction everybody gets to go along
eventually so jobs are great that's good
for Trump but it also at the same time
the co fed desk just fell off a cliff
why why did Kovac deaths suddenly just
plummet we don't know yet but the theory
is floating around are that the virus
might be weakening and just so you know
the lay of the land here
information-wise it was only maybe 48
hours ago that I proposed the idea that
the weakest the the virus might be
weakening and at least on social media
people said there's no evidence of that
and it was people who knew what they're
talking about and I thought okay there's
there's no evidence of that we probably
would have seen it by now if there was
evidence it was weakening but as of the
news yesterday some experts were saying
that's probably what's happening that it
probably is weakening and the thinking
is that viruses tend to weaken because
if they got stronger they would kill you
and then they couldn't spread as easily
because you're dead so you're not
walking around and spreading it so the
idea is that viruses generally will
weaken over time because they can spread
faster if they're weaker you'll carry
them longer to spread them that's the
theory I'm not sure I'm completely
buying the cause and the effect of that
being a clean cause and effect but
there's thought that the virus may have
weakened on top of that and I haven't
heard many people say it directly at
least this week we heard a lot of it
before vitamin D has just got to be in
this story somewhere right because one
of the ways that it would look to you as
if the virus was weakening is if
everybody just went outdoors and got
some some it could be that just the good
weather everybody went outside and got
some Sun and then it looked like the
virus was weaker
because people were getting it and not
getting as many symptoms because they
had vitamin D so it could be something
about the summer that's the heat it
could be the humidity it could be the
vitamin D that you get from the Sun it
could be that it's weakening but
whatever it is Trump was the one that
said well what if it just goes away do
you remember how how badly Trump was
mocked for saying that we had the virus
would just go away and it looks like the
things that made the most difference in
addition to the masks I guess
and probably in addition to learning how
to use the ventilators in a less deadly
way I think that was part of the story
but weren't we all shocked at how
suddenly it appears son that the virus
went from a civilization ending problem
to hey where's that virus it happened
kind of quickly and although the
president thought it would happen sooner
maybe no I'm not even sure he thought it
would happen sooner I think he did say
summer didn't he didn't Trump say
something like it might just go away and
then we're watching it and it hasn't
gone away and indeed there might be a
second wave of if it doesn't go away but
it's remarkable how close to his
prediction this is that New York went
New York City went from hundreds of
deaths down to 42 and I think the day
before is zero and that's a pretty big
jump so he's got that going for him and
and because the Cova death plummeted at
exactly the same time the things were
reopening its gonna make Trump look like
wait for it wait for it the the
coincidental timing of the covet the
ferocity falling off a cliff at the same
time that Trump was pushing to reopen
because it was time is going to make it
look like his instincts are freakin
amazing amazing you know in retrospect
he won't get any credit in the short run
because people
do that but when you look back on this
thing you're gonna look at Trump's
timing for because he was pushing things
to get open up a little bit earlier
pushing pushing and pushing his instinct
on that it's gonna look dead off in
retrospect how about his instinct for
closing travel dead on dead ah right
he closed travel when when people the
experts were saying don't do it he did
how about hydroxychloroquine you you
know he was pushing hydroxychloroquine
as you know and then there were two
studies that came out that said no no no
you fool hydroxychloroquine will kill
these covent patients it's so deadly we
did some studies and found out it didn't
help a bit but it sure killed people in
some cases there were two studies both
of them have been retracted both studies
which were the basis for mocking Trump
for what two months how much has he been
mocked for the last two months for this
hydroxychloroquine viciously and a lot
of that mocking if not all of it almost
all of it was based on two studies that
were withdrawn for being bogus in fact
the database that both of them used
apparently is just some stuff that some
guy made up now there's no credibility
in the data whatsoever so you can't have
a much better week than surprisingly
good job numbers I mean what what makes
Trump happier seriously is there
anything that makes Trump happier then
good employment numbers you know good
relatively speaking so you got jobs he
timed the the back to work thing to
perfection - perfection his instinct on
this was frickin awesome I don't know
that he'll ever get credit for that
because we just don't do that we just
don't give credit for that sort of thing
he'll just be called the anti science
I think and then here's my opinion about
the protests it's easy to imagine that
the protests or some sign of racism
getting worse or whatever and I was
saying to hotep Jesus
yesterday I was saying the pictures I
see there are way more white people
marching for racial equality than there
are black people if you tell me that
this country is in trouble because there
are more white people marching for the
end of racism than there are black
people I say there's something wrong
with your eyes use your eyes just look
at the crowd number one that's a lot of
people marching against a racism that's
good now find somebody who is opposed to
their message nobody nobody there's
nobody on the other side it's one of the
biggest protests in this country nobody
on the other side and this is I just saw
a message that just totally threw me off
so he said Bill Mitchell was right no
Bill Mitchell wasn't right we don't have
time for that
but I can't let that go but I think Bill
Mitchell was claiming that the virus was
not dangerous and it was no more than
the flu he wasn't right about that and
nobody knew if it would stop and nobody
knows that they had stopped yet
so I'm not I'm not gonna give you a Bill
Mitchell was right but back to Trump's
good week I would say that race
relations in this country are at an
all-time best this week that's right
that's a shocking claim is it not in my
opinion and I'm quite serious about this
and I'm quite confident actually I don't
think there's any question about it race
relations in the United States have
reached an all-time best this week today
today I'd say
if somebody accusing me of virtue
signaling because if that's about me
you're gonna get blocked cuz I don't do
that I just don't have any value in it
so we're seeing it all this bad news but
actually it's great news and of course
we shook the box on this economy to the
point where there's no question it's
going to come back stronger because
there's so much more to work with
you know we're rethinking everything
from scratch it's going to be amazing
alright so Trump had one of the best
weeks ever I don't know that people will
I don't know that the public will notice
that oh oh oh there's one other little
good piece of news for Trump did I did I
forget to mention this yeah I forgot to
mention it if you didn't see it there
was a poll of likely black voters 41 and
41 percent of them approve of president
Trump's performance 41 percent of black
love likely black voters 41 percent
approve of the president's performance
according to Rasmussen know it's funny I
said this to somebody and their first
response you know what the first
response is well it's Rasmussen
Rasmussen you know that's not reliable
to which I say on Trump related stuff
I'm pretty sure they were the best
I think they smoked everybody didn't
they correct me if I'm wrong but the
entire time Rasmussen was the only poll
that had accurate numbers about Trump
that said he was in the hunt the whole
time so I wouldn't discount them you
know you know of course everything
depends on how the question is asked but
what if let me let me just put this
hypothetical out there what if what if
white people are not as racist as we use
and what if this is just an if you don't
have to accept it yet just - what if
what if white people are not as racist
as assumed and what if black people
don't like crime maybe they don't like
crime maybe they like good economies
maybe this 41% is exactly what you would
think it would be like if I had to guess
like where would black approval of the
president be like if I'd never seen any
poll I've never seen any anything what a
guest somewhere in this range forty to
sixty percent that's where I would have
guessed because you know so I'm kidding
of course because it's obvious that
there are plenty of white people who are
not racist in any problematic way I
think everybody's everybody's bias all
the time but I don't think most people
are racist in any actionable problematic
way no matter their ethnicity and I also
think that generally speaking every
every category of people would prefer
less crime than more crime it's just
sort of duh you know is there any group
of people who wants more crime no of
course that all right yeah let's see
what else we got going here
I think we're doing well I do think that
the president has not nailed his
messaging with all of this
George Floyd stuff and yesterday was a
good example of it everybody's getting
out of the president because he said
George floor
and again I'm laughing because of how
bad it is I'm not I'm not laughing at
any people laughing just how bad this is
I said George Floyd would be looking
down and thinking it was a great day
because employment unemployment had
improved the employment numbers were
good and I'm thinking of myself
there's probably a better way to say
that there had to be a better way to say
that but again I go back to my earlier
comments when I was talking to Hotel
Jesus that Republicans by philosophy
don't do empathy so you know the
Republicans will give you the required
minimum amount of empathy but if they go
beyond that then they've changed their
political philosophy and they don't do
that and their political philosophy is
I'm not going to give you power because
you complained the most I'm not going to
give you power because you were the
biggest victim I'm not going to give you
power because you hurt the most I'm not
going to give you power because I feel
bad for you like those are not a
workable system so so again while it is
objectively true that the president's
messaging on the whole protests and
racial division etc feels to me
completely lacking as well you know if
I'm being honest I could find a hundred
ways that could have been better but
requiring it or expecting it to be
better and I think another Republican
could have done a better job so I'll say
that directly it's not just because he's
conservative it's not just because he's
a Republican he just didn't hit a
homerun on this this head bath I would
say at that at that that time a bat he
struck out now I like to be consistent
and say I'm forgiving of everybody's
mistakes if they're adjusting and
tweaking and learning from it etc you
know judging people from mistakes is
just a bad way to live you should judge
them by how they deal with their
mistakes so the president getting lots
of pushback for saying that George Floyd
would be happy and looking down at these
good employment numbers sure let's see
if he can adjust and improve that
message if he does it's the standard I
would apply to him would be the same I
would apply to anybody else doesn't
matter your political party I would say
if you
if you struck out and then you adjust it
and then you've got a nice bass head on
the next bat you're all good you're all
good I see I see people calling out the
hoax part yeah there was a there was a
hoax element to this in which in which
the context was left out and I think
that's what you're prompting me in the
comments so if you leave out the context
it sounds more it sort of sounds more
bad than it was with the full context
good is everybody with me on that that
the clips that are being shown about his
comments when they're shortened which is
the trick the the Iligan of fake news
uses old time if you shorten it it takes
out the context which would have
softened it and you all agree with that
right but he did make comments which
left him open to this interpretation and
how we call that friendly for anybody
who's been trained in media stuff that's
just an error so it could be true that
they built a hoax on top of his error
but it doesn't take the air away it was
just an error somebody says he didn't
say it okay well I heard it now you if
you're saying he didn't say it in that
context that's true but he did say that
George Floyd would be looking down and
be happy about how things how well
things are going that's not a hoax right
you're actually saying that he didn't
say that listen this is kind of
interesting is it possible so Wow a lot
of you think that's a hoax
let's find it let's find out right and
so your your claim of my the people who
are watching this and it seems quite
consistent is that that I've fallen for
a hoax and that he did not say that
George Floyd was looking down see if we
can find it because I don't think you're
criticizing me for what you think you
are well that's right now
looking down it was happy see how
quickly and find that I don't want you
to wait all day alright so it is the
Guardian Trump condemned for saying
George Floyd is praise him but it's the
economy of course he didn't say that
Trump suggests George Floyd is happy
about us job numbers that there's you
know so obviously the the headlines are
hoaxes in every encounter with law
enforcement regardless of race color
gender a creed they have to receive fair
treatment there's a good contact from an
enforcement they have to receive it
everybody else knows what happened last
week George is looking down right now
and saying there's a great thing that's
happening for our country there's a
great day for him it's a great day for
everybody there's a great day for
everybody this is a great great day in
terms of equality it's really what our
Constitution you're totally right it was
a hoax it was a hoax you're totally
right I got totally taken by the
headlines I I have to admit I'd never
heard I'd never heard the full quote but
I had seen so many so many quotes I I'd
heard so many quotes that I thought he
had said that it was about the good
economy that George Floyd was looking
down and he'd be happy and none of that
actually happened
one reporter even retracted yeah so the
comments are a little behind this so
I've I played it so I was so if you're
just coming on I was challenged for
saying that the president blew the
communications about George Floyd by
saying that George Floyd would be happy
that the economy was
picking up which is the way it was
reported and that just never happened
it's a complete hoax that was
interesting alright so I stand corrected
can't can those of you who say Scott you
never say you're wrong
can you make a mental note I don't want
I don't want to hear from anybody on
this periscope ever again you can never
say Scott you never say when you're
wrong because I'm saying it right now I
couldn't have been more wrong all right
now let me ask you this am i embarrassed
that I was this wrong in public nope
nope you really need to build this this
part of your talent stack if you can
learn to not be embarrassed by being
this wrong I mean that was this wrong
honestly that's as wrong as you could be
and you just you just watched me do it
right in public and I don't even feel a
little bit embarrassed because remember
what is my standard the standard I told
you just minutes ago his mistakes are
normal and therefore I don't judge them
I don't judge you or mistake but I also
don't judge my own which is very
important I don't judge my own mistakes
I do judge how I dealt with them and
this way in this case the way I dealt
with it is I listen to your criticism I
went back to the original data I
listened to it found out I was wrong and
then I admitted it clearly that's how
you deal with a mistake
all right now if everybody did that
you'd be happy with everybody
you wouldn't be blaming them for their
mistakes you'd say well what did you do
about it
what did you do about it by the way
there's nothing there's nothing better
you can train a young person that then
you know young people teenagers
especially they're gonna make every
mistake you could possibly make it it's
almost their job description to make
every mistake and see if they can learn
anything and one of the best messages
you can say is I'm not going to dwell on
the mistake
what did you do about it you know how
did I need to learn something from that
all right I got a question for you
is there anybody out there who has a
let's say a significant following on
social media who is also a conservative
and found that their social media has
exploded in the last week has that
anybody is anybody who's a let's say a
trump supporter notice that your social
media traffic just exploded in the last
five days or so the reason I'm asking
you is because that's what happened to
mine some the number of the number of
people who are signing up on Twitter
suddenly just went through the the roof
so I'm just looking at my numbers here
all right so there's an app called
social blade that tells you how many
people are following you each day
happier signing up each day so you can
tell if you're picking up people based
on what you did that day so my normal
number of people that I would get I'm
just looking through the history it's
like you know two hundred five hundred
two hundred five hundred and then
suddenly the last day of May it was 760
then fourteen hundred thirty four
hundred eighteen hundred fourteen
hundred eight hundred yesterday so
suddenly just went through the roof and
at the same time my tweets are
performing just way better than usual
just ordinary tweets that wouldn't
normally go viral or or you're getting
fifteen hundred so I wanted to see if it
is up looking at your answers now
because they're just catching up
I'm seeing a yes and a no and I mean
somebody said they've heard this wow I'm
saying yeses okay somebody's asking if
it's BOTS I don't know somebody says in
a band
somebody says bigger no I know some or D
platformed
you were good that's why but I haven't
been extra good this week or something
there's there's not something I did this
week now the President did retweet me
again right about the beginning of this
traffic but I don't think that retweet
in the past so the president has
retweeted me in the past and it didn't
make that much difference in my social
media you think it would but it really
doesn't drew brees you know I'm not
going to talk about Drew Brees because
it's such a small I don't know it's just
an athlete who said something they made
him apologize he apologized I don't know
it's just not a story I care about
somebody says they were accused of being
me yeah I know retweets make it grow so
it could be just I was tweeting well
this week because I speak truth so okay
so it looks like a lot of nose and some
yeses which would suggest that there's
nothing that's some obvious trend anyway
I was just wondering about that
yeah Trump Trump retweeted me when I had
a tweet that said that some of the
protesters were fine people or something
that I think somebody says I'm very
popular in Russia is that true are you
are you in Russia and you know that
because I do actually have a number of
Russian followers on the where of that
all right
somebody says more conservative stuff is
showing up on Twitter well I guess I'm
what I'm asking if there was some change
that anybody noticed and I'm not sure we
can say that based on these replies all
right that's all I got for today and I
will see you later