hey everybody it's time it's time it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams come on
in
you came to the right place good job
so far your day is going just the way
you wanted to dr. drew good to see you
it's a terrific morning and it's only
gonna get better yes it is because
you're about to enjoy something well
you've heard of it
it's it's going all around the world now
it's not the corona virus it's the
simultaneous sip and all you need to
enjoy it is a cup or a mug or a glass a
tankard chalasis died in the canteen
director flask a vessel of any kind
filling with your favorite liquid have
you heard I like coffee enjoyed me now
for the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous up go mmm better every
time do you feel your immunity immunity
improving we'll be talking about to grow
the virus but first some politics some
fun stuff here's the least important
news you'll ever hear the jobs numbers
are really good I it's it's such a
tragedy that we're getting job numbers
that are just crazy good
like you know trashing expectations that
are so good but they're for the last
month so we're gonna see a little dip in
the economy there's there's no question
about that
might not be as big as people think I
don't think it's gonna be toward the
worst case or anywhere near it
I think it'll be a blip I think in a
year we'll be we'll be back in a hundred
percent but those job numbers are a good
reminder of this concept that you need
to be strong to get ready for surprises
the Black Swan event the thing you
didn't see coming and this is really
relevant to the question of climate
change isn't it because if you use all
of your ammunition on one emergency how
much do you have left for the next
emergency and how many emergencies are
there they have global economic disaster
potential well you know I've been saying
I've been saying for years that if we
were to spend you know whatever is we
consider our excess financial ability if
we if we move it to climate change that
could be a great thing for saving the
world from climate change if if that
risk turns out to be what the scientists
say but what about the other stuff
people always say you should you should
definitely you know even if you don't
believe climate change is going to kill
us because there's a risk and it's so
big you know what you destroy the entire
planet
you should put all of your resources
there to drive that risk to zero and
I've been saying since the beginning
hello that doesn't make sense that only
makes sense in a world with one risk in
the world with multiple risks that could
all take you out you need to be ready
for home and sometimes the best thing
you can do is to keep your economy and
your people as healthy as possible
so that when they take the punch they
can get up and that's that's where
President Trump has brought us and I
give credit to Obama I'm not the guy who
says Trump did everything right to Obama
did everything wrong I think it took two
presidents in two different times with
two different personalities and they
were both well fitted for their time I
think I'm alone in that opinion but we
got to this point where the United
States is very strong and we got here at
a point when we needed to be strong so
that might be one of president Trump's
greatest accomplishments is to toughen
us up and you know make the border a big
question and make make the economy a big
question and
we're probably in stronger shape than we
could have been without toughening up so
that's good
but I wouldn't wouldn't make anything
from the jobs numbers except it's it's
better than if it were bad so the news
from Afghanistan in Syria without
getting into the details are everybody
smart is pretty sure that if we leave
you or at least not paying attention to
either those places Afghanistan is more
about leaving Syria is more about should
we be more involved in it Lib or not and
the president's made the adult decision
excuse me he's made the parent decision
that when we leave those people those
poor people in those regions are going
to get slaughtered but if we stayed it
doesn't make sense because we would just
be postponing the inevitable because
they were gonna get slaughtered anyway
it happened slower it will happen when
we leave eventually so there wasn't any
path to success and it's a real tough
decision but it's the right one to get
out when there's no path to success and
the president's taking that choice I
applaud it but you have to have you know
sympathy empathy for the people who we
are leaving behind they will be
slaughtered but to keep it in context
there are lots of places in the world
that we could put the same amount of
effort to save the same amount of lives
it's not the one place it's just not the
one place that needs help where people
are dying unnecessarily we could help
all of them if we had enough money but
we don't so we got to call our shots I I
look at you know the everything from the
coronavirus to the Wars to the economy
as part of a big system and you want
this system to be as strong as possible
and it's an ugly truth that the system
is probably strongest when the when the
biggest player is the strongest now I
can't prove that but so I'll put it out
there and you can you can wrestle with
it but let me say it again I think
the world is strongest when its most
important player is strongest now that
assumes that the most important player
is a benevolent kind of force and I
think the United States is I'm not
talking about you know Hitler or Putin
being the strongest in the world but if
the United States the most I would say
most productive well-intentioned player
the stronger we are the better the whole
world is because we're the ones who are
going to be able to dole out help and
you know we're sort of that a an anchor
that could give the rest of the world
some optimism that things get improved
if you let the United States to have the
same amount of problems that the other
countries had we would be brought down
to their problems and you would have the
international relations equivalent of
socialism we have sort of just by
analogy not in actuality but by analogy
the way the United States operates which
is staying selfish to a point right we
give some international aid but it's
really trivial where the United States
remains as a selfish but I would argue
that's what makes the entire system work
best in the same way that in capitalism
looking out for your own profits kind of
makes everybody better off even if it
doesn't sound like you should even if it
doesn't sound kind so I think the United
States is likely to be one of the most
well probably the most productive player
just by being healthy all right you're
all laughing I know this morning about
the amazing math errors that we're
watching in the media it started with a
tweet from from one Revis makitas or
possibly Makita Revis so one of those
names I don't know which is the first
name I think it's Makita Revis so she
tweeted and I'll paraphrase but she
tweeted that Bloomberg spent five
hundred million dollars on this campaign
and all he got was some delegates out of
American Samoa which most of you didn't
know even existed until this week so
congratulations there's something called
in America Samoa and now you all know it
exists I'm not sure I knew it existed
last week so I'm certainly not calling
you uninformed you know when we're
talking about it I think to myself oh
yeah I've heard of that I've heard of
America Samoa
now tell me where it is and I don't feel
guilty one bit that I have now spent
much time understanding where America
Samoyeds anyway back to the tweet so
this was presumably left leading person
I assume tweets that Bloomberg spent
five hundred million just to get a
couple of Delegates in America Samoa and
then goes on to say that instead of
spending that five hundred million given
that there are only 327 million people
in the United States the Bloomberg could
have given a million dollars to each
says that the United States and wouldn't
that make everybody's life better what
so you're probably doing the math in
your head then you just said to yourself
Scott isn't that math off by a million
yes it is it is off by a million so but
that's not bad enough you know somebody
making a dumb math mistake or a typo or
using a word wrong or something the
spelling error in a tweet I'm the first
one to tell you it doesn't mean anything
right I've made a lot of tweet mistakes
some of them pretty bad so I'm not the
one who's going to jump on somebody for
you having a brain a brain flaw on a
tweet but it didn't end there
it got better yeah I got better MSNBC
Brian Williams does a segment in which
he's talking to Mara gray was on the New
York Times editorial board and they
bring up this tweet and they show the
graphic now showing the graphic
indicates that this was planned went
through producers and editors probably a
number of people saw it and they put it
on the air and then they discussed it
and between Brian Williams and Mara gray
of the New York Times editorial board
they also laughed but not at the tweet
they weren't laughing because the math
was wrong by a million no they were
laughing because they thought it was
accurate and they thought it was a good
point that Bloomberg should have spent a
million dollars and just given it to
every citizen in the United States and
we'd all be rich for a good idea right
and nobody nobody stopped the game there
were no refs to say buh tweet tweet
Brian Williams Mara gray foul you can't
put that on the air because four people
are gonna believe that that's actually
real math it's gonna be kind of
embarrassing but no whistle was sounded
and so that went on and they are getting
absolutely pilloried today I do not envy
Brian Williams and Mara Gray's week may
be their month I don't know if you can
ever recover from this now again listen
let's be fair do you think that Mara
gray and Brian Williams can do math well
enough to know that this is wrong and
the answer is yes yes of course neither
of them are so dumb that they don't know
this math is wrong but why did they act
like they didn't know why did they put
it on the air and the answer is it's
it's an optical illusion that I'm using
that
the figurative sense it's not actually
optical so there's something about this
little tweet that is weirdly cleverly
misleading because if you if you just
read it fast
hey gave up five hundred million dollars
to you know to the campaign three
hundred twenty seven million people
that's a million dollars piece we could
have all had a million dollars if you
just say it fast
you actually think it does make sense
but I think the reason you make sense is
because you've made sense to other
people see where I'm going with this
there this has been studied quite a bit
if you put a bunch of people in the room
and let's say nine of them are working
for the researcher so they're they're in
on that on the joke and one of them is
not and doesn't know doesn't know that
he's the only one in the room who's not
in on it
if nine people give an opinion that's
ridiculous you can test this it's very
it's very well tested the tenth person
will be positive those nine people are
wrong and still agree with them very
easily just saying okay it must be me if
nine people are all on this crazy
opinion yeah I'll go there too so peer
pressure overcomes math and common sense
and your own judgement all the time it's
easily proven so if you're laughing at
Brian Williams and Maura gray for being
bad at math that's probably not exactly
what's happening you should feel sorry
for them because they got a little
cognitive trap and I'm gonna say this
you're not gonna like it
could it happen to a lot of people I'm
not going to say it could happen to
everybody because I don't think it would
have happened to me and I'd like to
think that most of you it would not have
happened to but if you took a hundred
people in the media and you put it in
Brian Williams put a chair for that
exact situation how many out of a
hundred would have caught that
half maybe half because you know
illusions don't fool everybody all the
time but I I'm going to show him some
empathy for this being a cognitive
illusion not a math problem which would
look just stupid now I do say all the
time that one of the problems with the
media is that they're not trained in
economics and science and engineering
and other things that would be useful
for them to give the public a good idea
of what's going on but I don't know if
that's the case here I do think that if
they had been economists they would be
more alert to the problem so probably
the fact that there were no Economist's
or engineers or scientists who looked at
this graphic before it went on there
probably does mean something I would
like to guess that if he had hundred
engineers and you tried to pull this
cognitive trick on them though almost a
hundred percent of them would not fall
for it so they're not innocent for
having fallen for a trick because there
are other people with wider wider
exposure to things I think would have
caught it right away I'm pretty sure I
would have so does that mean liberals
are dumb and can't do math well as it
turns out we have a very interesting
case with a Matt Gaetz tweet about the
same time that Gates of course
associated with the right and what he
said was and again I'll paraphrase he
said he said that Bloomberg spent five
hundred million to get those two
delegates in America Samoa and the
entire GDP of America Samoa is only
seven hundred billion so you spend five
hundred million just to get two
delegates and Matt Gaetz says you could
have bought them you could have bought
the entire America Samoa for seven
hundred billion do you see anything
wrong with that yeah because we're
laughing about those we're laughing
about Brian Williams and Mauro gray
right oh how dumb they are with that
it's that math error which was really a
cognitive cognitive trick but when mad
Gates says you know he should have
bought America Samoa for seven hundred
million because that's her entire GDP
does that make sense and I'm not talking
about the question of whether or not
it's for sale because obviously he's
just he's he's speaking in the Twitter
way of hyperbole and just having fun
it's not as serious in any way but let
me explain something about the GDP
that's not what makes the price tag in
your state or your country or your
region or your whatever the help America
Samoa is that's not what does that I'm
gonna I'm gonna help you mark or Richard
Richard says this is boring so we're
gonna make him go away
goodbye here's the thing the price or
the value that you would pay for a
country or a state as should it be for
sale be it Greenland or America Samoa or
anywhere else is not the GDP because the
GDP is just how much they do per year or
an economic activity has nothing to do
with what you would pay for the country
so now does Matt Gaetz
know what I just said does even doesn't
know that the GDP is not telling you the
price tag of a region yeah he knows that
of course he knows that but when I saw
the tweet I said to myself oh here it
comes all the nitpicker all the nit
pickers are gonna say Matt Gaetz
what don't you understand about
economics the GDP doesn't tell you the
price of the country I mean it's related
it can tell you a sizing relative to
others so it's useful for that but it's
not the price tag in the country so I
looked at in the comments to see how
many people would say Matt you got this
all wrong and there weren't any so
apparently apparently nobody noticed
when Matt Gaetz said that Bloomberg
could have bought America Samoa for the
value of their GDP which makes no sense
all and and nobody nitpicked him and I
thought did they not in to pick him
because they know he's not being serious
and he noticed that you don't pay the
GDP it's a price tag where do they not
know it's an open question all right
let's talk about something else
Bill Clinton found a way to make things
worse for Monica Lewinsky so decades
after poor Monica lives Lewinsky goes
through this ordeal something that you
know lives with her forever and you
think well maybe she's finally getting
used to it you know you can get used to
anything after a while and then there's
this Netflix documentary which is which
is not kind to Monica Lewinsky but
accidentally and so Bill Clinton was
talking about essentially what was his
motivation or why did he have this
extramarital affair with Monica Lewinsky
and he said it was quote that there was
a lot of stress on the job being the
president was giving him a lot of
anxiety and he thought that having this
affair with Monica Lewinsky would it be
a way to of managing my anxieties now
first choice just don't talk about it
anymore
that's first choice if you want to be
kind to Monica Lewinsky don't do the
documentary and if you do don't talk
about it and if you talk about it don't
say anything new
don't say anything new no surprises Bill
Clinton comes up with saying that Monica
Lewinsky was nothing but a way of
managing his anxieties that is one of
the most insulting things I have ever
heard in my entire life am I wrong
imagine you're Monica Lewinsky and
you're reading that Bill Clinton only
had a relationship with you to manage
his anxiety ouch
that's like the biggest move
I've ever seen in my life
seriously that's horrible so you know I
I apologize on behalf of the United
States for electing Bill Clinton who
would say that decades after you know
the wound is is healing I mean that's
messed up isn't it
that's messed up to me that looks like
taking a wood that had closed and just
opening it up for no reason at all
except I want to feel good about
yourself
Bill Clinton don't be proud of that all
right
I tweeted the worst one of the worst and
that one of the worst tweets of my life
in which I called something a fatal kill
shot well you might imagine that people
on Twitter said fatal kill shots a
little redundant Scott what were done
didn't any right but it was on this so
President Trump tweeted a quote I guess
it came from Lisa Marie booth probably
on Fox
probably on Ed Henry show based on the
who attacked and he and the quote that
the president thought was worthy of
retweeting to his 73 million followers
was quote to Joe Biden represents the
past president Trump represents the
future that's really strong because even
if you like everything that Biden is
offering it is unambiguous ly more like
and he's selling it this way more like
you know going back to the Obama world
now even if you think that was a good
idea and a lot of people do if I just
explained it to you that way if I said
do you want to stay in this Trump like
administration world that has these this
set of problems according to you or
would you like to be in more of an Obama
like world where we're not like that now
if you put the question that way people
say well at least a lot of people
Democrats would say I like that
Obama the world yeah yeah let's let's do
that again that worked out pretty well
doing something again that doesn't sound
bad does it doesn't sound bad
doing something again that was good but
the moment the president in this case he
picked it up from Lisa Marie booth but
the moment you see this as you reframe
it as Biden was going to take you to the
past and Trump is going to take you to
the future the election is over that's
it that's the elections over because
everybody who also thinks that the Obama
like style or whatever that they liked
about them was good and that we should
do it the moment you tell them that's
the past they'll walk away from it they
remember from it they'll still say it
but mentally you don't want to go
backwards we are really really well not
well designed we're designed by
evolution or whatever you want to now I
don't have the coronavirus I don't think
we're very designed to not want to walk
backwards do not want to go backwards do
not want to revisit the past we're we're
pretty much future oriented creatures we
I think we we evolved to care more about
the future than the past that's how you
survive and then I saw a representative
McCarthy talking about talking about how
Biden would take us backwards it's the
same thought so if you see the
administration pick up on this the idea
that Biden is taking us backwards Biden
is bringing us back to the past you
don't even have to talk about what that
means you don't even have to address the
details of what the past looks like
versus what the future looks like
just that frame alone is the end of the
story it's it's a devastating frame if
you ever have a chance to do that to an
emesis watch how well it works you could
use this in the corporate world if you
say somebody comes in and they're in the
meeting and they say hey let's do this
because it worked before if you're the
one who says you know let's just not go
back to the past you'd need more of a
reason than that you know if it worked
well in the past there's that's a pretty
good argument for doing it again
but that that's if it's a specific plan
when you're talking about Biden you're
talking about a concept of the past they
have some obama-like quality to it if
you're talking about only concepts
nobody wants to go backwards all right
here's another dog that won't be barking
what was one of the biggest complaints
about the president for the last four
years let me tell you I'm the in the top
five maybe in the top three is that he's
mentally incapable mentally incapable
meaning they he's losing it he's got
dementia etc have you heard that
recently is that anybody talking about
president Trump not having good mental
acuity
well sometimes you see a little pushback
when people are making fun to Joe Biden
but it's only in the push back way
because one of the most important things
you'll ever learn about the world is
that everything is contrast you should
just have that mantra just just repeated
in your head for the rest of your life
everything is contrast because the
moment that Biden became the people are
presuming he's going to be the nominee I
don't think it's done yet but people are
presuming it he's so obviously mentally
more frail that that causes a new
contrast with President Trump and it
will eliminate it will eliminate the
Democrats one of their top five you know
attacks which is the president Trump
can't put a sentence together but if
you're comparing him to Biden that
arguments gone it's all gone I tweeted
yesterday that you can't realize how
good President Trump is at tweeting and
communicating and memes until you see
somebody else try it
so Mike Bloomberg tweeted the Star Wars
meme in which he was fighting Trump with
a light saber and it took about 10
minutes for the Trump team to create a
brand new response to that
from the movies Spaceballs which itself
made fun of the Star Wars franchise
showing a large person holding the head
of a small person and they put the head
of the small person Mike Bloomberg's
head on it and Trump's head on the big
person he's just holding the small one
by the head while the little ones
flailing around with lice or
cyber and kicks light saber and can't
reach em and I thought oh my god it's
just a slaughter that the Trump team is
just so good at this that I don't even
see dude do you remember there was one
point where when Trump was running there
was a lot of criticism about the quality
of his you know campaign and whatever
you don't see that now do you is anybody
making fun of the quality of the Trump
re-election campaign how about no
there's a dog that's not barking I don't
hear that dog barking oh the Trump
campaign they can't raise money okay I
can't raise money you can raise a lot of
money oh my God look how much money is
raising but the Trump campaign is not
good at community communicate okay look
at that meme oh my god that's a good
meme look at that ad home on top that's
not such a good at all right ukrane
fired its top prosecutor what the hell
the simulation is just entertaining us
like crazy because I don't know how
important it is probably not too
important but Ukraine firing its top
prosecutor well while Biden is news and
Trump isn't it it's just the simulation
then code reuse have you tried talking
to anybody who doesn't follow the news
about the corona virus does anybody have
that experience because I've I've tried
to help some people who are not watching
the news to be prepared you know just to
be careful be prepared let me let me see
if you've had this conversation because
it's easy for us to think that other
people are watching the news they're not
most people are not watching the news
and if they're not watching the news
they're there fear has not been amped up
to the level that yours and mine are if
you're watching me right now you
probably watch the news and and it's
it's a mind-boggling experience let me
give you an example of that conversation
hey Bob did you know the truth of iris
is coming and scientists say it's going
to be really bad it's not like the
regular flu a lot of people could die I
could disrupt our economy maybe you
should you know just just to be careful
get in a little extra food just to be
careful do you know what Bob will say if
he's not watching the news Bob will say
and I'm not worried about it and then
then you say okay Bob
I hear you when you say you're not
worried about it but what I'm telling
you is every expert in the world just
pretty sure they should be worried about
it so I hear you that you're not I'm
telling you you should be and you should
get some food in probably won't need it
just to be careful and Bob will say it's
just the flu
I go Bob Bob okay did you hear the part
where all the experts in the world say
it's not just the flu this is like a
special danger so you should get ready
Bob and Bob will say yeah you can't you
can't worry people who are not watching
the news if you noticed that now some
people in the comments say I'm not
worried about it and we'll talk about
that so apparently you know most of you
know I live in the Bay Area outside of
San Francisco there are a couple of
cases reported now and there's another
cruise ship that may or may not be
infected off the coast that wants to get
into San Francisco so it's here so if
you're waiting for your town to get the
first coronavirus confirmation I'll tell
you what it's like it's here for me so
I'm just going to jump around some
topics there's something about this
coronavirus that feels like it's a green
new deal virus because the green new
deal
was all about reducing our use of fossil
fuels and this virus did it really
quickly so you saw that the pollution
cleared up in China etc now people are
going back to work so we do expect the
level of pollution to go back up but I
think we may have we may have it be at a
permanent turning point in terms of
traffic would you agree with that are we
not at a permanent turning point in
terms of traffic I think we are we may
also be at a turning point in how much
AC we use and how often we keep the
windows closed and stuff like that so
there could be a lot of different
changes but one of the unintended
outcomes of the virus might be that
we're permanently more telecommuting and
that could be one of the biggest changes
in the world in terms of carbon carbon
use there there's some indication that
the summer
reduces reduces the risk of the virus
transmitting people aren't quite sure
why they've got a number of ideas one of
them is humidity so I just I just bought
a humidifier for my house now what are
the odds that if it's true I think the
experts agree that humidity will
decrease the transmission but it does it
therefore follow that having that
humidifier to your house would make any
difference at all and I don't know maybe
it only makes a difference if everyone
does it if you only do it in one place
it might make such a small difference
it's not worth it maybe it's hard to do
for more than one room at a time people
are coming in and out maybe it doesn't
make any difference because people are
always in and out anyway but I got one
now I was interested to find that there
was no shortage at least on Amazon so I
ordered it at an Amazon says it'll be
here tomorrow didn't cost that much I
could have put one in it's just one of
the things I can do and a lot of the
things that I plan to do about the
coronavirus I am completely aware
completely aware
that there's a very small chance that
any of the things I do are the thing
that makes a difference but I'm going to
take over a sense of control because
that's good for my mental state and for
the benefit of myself as well so the
benefit of you I would like to keep my
mental state is calm and functional as
possible so I'm going to do stuff that I
consciously know probably doesn't make a
lot of difference but it makes a
difference and it's something and I'm
going to do it so it's going to make me
feel good that will make me more
productive and capable to help all of
you so think about that as a mental
strategy find something you can do and
then go do it so you feel like you have
a little sense of control
here's my opinion subject to change
here's what I think you should not care
about number one is the vaccine I don't
think she's counting on it
I don't think there's necessarily even a
high chance we'll ever have one but I
don't think that that means it's the end
of the world so I don't think that the
vaccine is coming the other thing I I
think you should ignore as being
possibly good is containment it's I
don't think there's any chance it will
be contained and I don't think that
there's well I'll just say that there's
no chance it's going to be contained and
I don't think the vaccine will will save
us here's what I believe is the real
strategy that the government can't tell
you all right I almost hate to say this
but I think you're if you're watching
this periscope you're probably among the
smarter level-headed people I like to
think and I will start with this
assumption I agree that our government
should lie to us whenever that's for the
greater good now that you you could
argue that there should never be a never
government should never lie to you but
I'm not going to have that conversation
today I think there are special cases
where it's just better for the
government
you and this might be one of them it's
probably one of them I think that the
government knows that the vaccine isn't
going to stop it I think I think the
governor knows that closing borders as
mildly as we've done it isn't going to
stop it because we've stopped travel
from the the high-impact places but it's
in the 80 countries now it's in 80
countries including arms and we're not
stopping travel apparently from Italy so
I just saw a tweet from somebody who was
on the the medical team went over to
Italy came back to the United States and
nobody even asked her where she was she
was literally in the middle of the
corona virus epidemic for medical
treatment reasons and nobody asked her
when she came back now how many of those
are there I don't know how many there
are but there are enough that the virus
is coming so here's what I believe is
the unstated real strategy this is based
on picking up what all the experts are
saying individually and trying to
collate it it seems to me that the
strategy is a controlled spread because
there is no hope of stopping it there
are only there only two options spreads
quickly because we don't do anything or
we we fight like hell to slow it down so
it doesn't overwhelm our systems so that
the goal is to get infected because it
until you get infected until enough
people are infected and apparently 80%
don't even have anything like a symptom
or their mild so you need 80% to get at
once to have some immunity which
apparently is not complete immunity and
it doesn't last forever but it gives you
some immunity so that if somebody does
get it they're less likely to have
anybody they could give it to apparently
that's the only thing that stops the
virus it's the only thing because even
the good weather and going outdoors will
slow it down but then it's going to come
rage raging back in the winter and I've
not heard any expert who disagrees
that it needs to run its course have you
so if you don't hear that the real
strategy is to not panic you because
there's nothing you can do about it
aside from you know washing your hands
and the small stuff you can do about it
but there's not much you can do about
the fact that much of the country is
going to get it like every other virus
now that if that sounded like a doomsday
thing it's the opposite it's the
opposite of do mistake it's actually the
only plan that makes sense in my opinion
and that's an opinion based on just
watching the experts I'm certainly no
expert but somebody says that somebody
says there they're trying to not get it
you should all try that you should all
try to not get it even if individually
it might be better if if you got it and
got it over with and because it's the
difference between what's good for you
versus what's good for the society
what's good for you would be to get a
mild case and get it over with don't do
that what's good for society is they you
fight and fight and fight to put it off
because you want to spread it out if you
don't spread it out
you're gonna overwhelm our facilities
and the hospitals and then everything
just falls apart I don't think that's
going to happen because we're gonna
spread it out and and the United States
is doing a good job now here's here's my
opinion of why this is the real strategy
but it's not one you can tell the public
if you told the public that I think it
would cause the wrong behavior people
would say yeah let's just get it that
more or let's not care about it and
those are the wrong their own moves but
the fact that the airports are not all
closed is everything you need to know
closing it from China probably was in
and a few of the other hot spots makes
sense because that could have cost us
too suddenly you searched well I feel
like we're letting it in intentionally
in other words the the actions were too
are clearly meant to allow some risk
into the country but a small one now the
small risk is not a risk of something
happening or not happening it's a
guarantee it's it's a guarantee that if
you let if you let world travel happen
and the only things that you stop are
the the hot spot travel you're still
gonna get it guarantee there's no
there's no question about it so so
here's somebody who come and says let's
just get it and did you hear me if we
all got it right away it would be the
end of civilization probably not but it
would be pretty bad you need to fight
like heck to not get it spread it out
don't overwhelm the resources so yeah
let's see what else we got here
CNN had a headline that said that dr.
Gupta there their medical TV doctor who
was a real doctor he said their headline
said that he debunked Trump's hunch that
the corona virus would be lower than a
1% death rate after we've found out all
the people who have no symptoms so the
president was saying that he thinks the
death rate is lower because we're gonna
find a whole bunch of people we didn't
know had it that weren't in the
denominator no he was widely mocked for
that saying my god the scientists say
it's I know 3% or whatever they were
saying at the time and Trump says it's
less and he's not a scientist and he's
so anti science and what kind of an
idiot and then a few hours later
scientists started lowering their
estimates in other words President Trump
was completely correct it wasn't just a
hunch
he was listening to the experts and he
was watching the the estimate go down
and down and down every day if you're
watching an estimate go down every day
and there's an obvious reason why it's
going down which is more testing it's
not a hunch per se that it's going to
keep going down and it's just a pretty
good guess and the president made his
pretty good guess I think it was a total
the responsible thing to say as
president because it was an estimate of
where things are going and it would look
like it might go in the right direction
that's exactly what you want your
president to say if the president thinks
things are going to go in the right
direction the experts do there's a
reason for it of course you should say
it out loud now
did dr. Gupta debunk because that's the
word used in the headlines
Trump's hunch and the answer is no he
didn't if you read the article he didn't
debunk it at all
he didn't really talk about it in those
terms so the headline says that Gupta's
debunking Trump but the article doesn't
doesn't do that typical typical BS
there's an interesting story out of
Africa reportedly there are only three
cases out of Africa which makes no sense
it should be ravaging the continent by
now because they don't have the same
quarantine and medical facilities and
testing and all that stuff we have only
three cases is it because it's hot and
humid is it because we've confirmed that
there are genetic differences in terms
of who can get it but one expert said
there's nothing about the corona virus
that we've identified that has a genetic
preference but just because we haven't
identified it it doesn't mean it's not
the case it could be that Africa gets
through this pretty well I mean the
fingers crossed we'll see it's gonna be
pretty bad if it doesn't see you what
else we got here the other possibility
is that when we start testing we're
going to find out that so many people
already have the corona virus that word
way better shape than we thought it
could be for example that no I guess we
would know that by now
if there's enough testing maybe we don't
it could be that I'm just going to throw
this out there may be so many people in
Africa already have it but have it
mildly that it doesn't catch on in any
deadly way they're possible
but I would think they were tested that
by now Kelly and Conway says oh here's
another thing on masks those an n95
masks you know a lot of experts are have
been contacting me privately to give
their opinions on the mask I didn't
realize at the end 95 masks you buy the
hardware store I thought these were some
kind of high-end medical special masks
the ones everybody wants but apparently
you could just buy them at at the
hardware store because people use them
for construction to keep the dust down
now there's some thought that there they
don't have enough of a filter for a
virus because virus is smaller than the
filter even of the high-end masks but
here's just the new thing I'm going to
add to it
I heard from I heard directly from
somebody whose job it was to work in the
ER or work in surgery rooms and make
sure the people had the right protective
gear and apparently did you know this
that surgeons will typically wear the
non and 95 masks in fact the only time
they use the high-end masks even when
they're doing surgery the only time they
use the good masks is if there's
something special yeah like the dust
let's say they're grinding a bone and
there's some bone dust or there or
there's some fumes or something coming
out but for an ordinary operation they
just use the same cheap old face masks
everybody else does so that should tell
you something right I don't know what
Kelly and Conway had a funny tweet so
Elizabeth Warren is is claiming that
misogyny and sexism were part of the
reason that she had to leave the race
and was not victorious and Kelly and
Conway to eat this if true that
Elizabeth Warren Kirsten Gillibrand
Carla Harris and Amy Klobuchar lost
quote because they are women then the
Democrats aren't just hapless they're
sexist these these women lost among
demographics in Democrat primaries
and caucuses and I thought oh yeah
every type of warrant says that sexism
is what kept her from being president
you have to ask yourself who is sexism
because I don't think the Republicans
were part of that process
so apparently Democrats don't think that
any of those women were the ones that
were more qualified now here's something
that Elizabeth I'm gonna say something
that nobody says all right I don't know
why when you hear me say this you're
gonna say oh yeah I'm thinking that why
doesn't anybody say that it's something
I guess you can't say on TV or in public
but I'm gonna say it anyway for every
voter who would say I'm not gonna vote
for a candidate because this person is a
woman there are two that will vote for
because she is I'm not wrong and those
two aren't necessarily both women you
don't think there were plenty of men who
said yeah it's time for a woman time for
a woman I'm gonna take that under
consideration that's that's a variable
I'm gonna put that in there I think we
should have a woman president yes
how about when President Obama ran for
office did he fail to win two terms
because the public would not vote for
him because he's black oh there must
have been somebody there must've in some
you know that somewhere there were
Republicans who didn't vote for Obama
because he's black that's fair to assume
we got a racist enough country that
that's true but there were two people
who voted for him for being black for
everyone who didn't vote for everyone
who voted against them and I would put
myself in that category I didn't vote
but I'm in the category of people who
said sounds like an advantage as long as
he doesn't say it's an advantage and I
make that point a lot as long as as long
as Obama wasn't selling his blackness as
an asset that allowed me as a citizen to
say yeah that gives us a little extra if
it makes people more comfortable that
we're an inclusive country
he's got the skills people voted for him
it's a it's a benefit it's an absolute
plus why wouldn't I vote for the
candidate who has a little extra little
extra plus so when I hear Warren say
that there's misogyny oh my god I almost
lost it I caught myself I almost just
launched into a profanity-laden
monologue because this does bother be
more than I'm letting on because it's so
dishonest it's dishonest Elizabeth
Warren the only reason you got that far
just because you're a woman
sorry the only reason you got that far
because you're a woman and the reason
that you didn't go farther just because
you weren't good enough that's it that's
a little thing
I've been tell you I temporarily I'm
prednisone for my sinus things getting
ready for some upcoming surgery and one
of the side effects is a anger there was
somebody saying do it don't hold back
the reason the only reason I'm holding
back is not because it is not because it
was a genuine emotion and not because
I'm being kind to anybody listening or
whatever the reason I'm holding back is
I don't think it's real because I'm on
prednisone and one of the side effects
is it can make you flashed anger and I
felt myself starting to flash to anger
for a reason that I didn't know was real
so this is one of the most valuable
lessons you'll ever have any life your
attitude is caused by environment and
chemistry and what you ate and how tired
you are and all that stuff if you
believe the reason you're mad at a thing
is because of the thing you have not
understood the most basic concept of
life your your anger or your attitude is
sort of self generated I mean given that
it's influenced by the chemistry that
you choose to put in your body and
whatever's there
but once you learn that your anger is
entirely about you and that the events
are just the events there are certainly
things that are worth getting mad at but
it's good to know the difference you
know what are you really mad because
it's a bad thing when are you mad
because you didn't get enough sleep all
right
that's all I got for now and I will talk
to you later