so I try to go for drive to the gym and
news keeps breaking down all over the
place there's news all over the place
I'm like covered in news today and I was
pretty sure if you were watching the the
coverage of the president's explanation
of his Putin press conference you might
think to yourself what's that dobra guy
gonna say about that will it be pretzel
logic apologist will it be a clever
explanation of how the persuasion filter
fits us perfectly will it be two movies
or three
I'm glad you tuned in to find out the
exciting answer to these questions and
less so if you watch the press
conference
and you really had to see it President
Trump said that when he was talking
about Russia's potential hacking of the
election he that it appears he said on
the video this is the president
describing it that he said would as in
why would Hooton do that but now he's
coming out to explain that he meant to
say who wouldn't why wouldn't I do that
now the first thing I would submit to
you is that they mean the same thing
don't they why would he and why wouldn't
he you know that they're both basically
I don't know
so I'm not sure that it's that different
I think reasonable people can make a
claim that is different but not in an
important way
because what you're seeing is a version
of I don't know if this is intentional
not or not but the effect of it is the
Rosie O'Donnell play do you remember
when candidate Trump was asked in the
first debate
bla bla bla he is
his comments about women if he had
talked about his comments about women he
would have been toast but instead he
said only only Rosie O'Donnell and it
was so unbelievable and you know for the
situation that you can't you couldn't
look away you only wanted to think about
the Rosie O'Donnell part of the
situation so it sucked all of the energy
and of the question which was
devastating to his answer which was just
humorous and everybody would just talk
about the answer so what you just saw
was that you know a real question about
whether the president disrespected his
own intelligence services versus let's
say Russia and Putin you know did does
he does he like Putin more than he likes
his own country and his own intelligence
services so that's what you were talking
about an hour ago
so an hour ago the conversation was is
the president literally picking Putin
over his own intelligence services what
are we talking about now we're talking
about in ' and people are saying wait
there at least I would say at this point
there are at least three movies cooking
maybe four or five one of those movies
is that you know president Trump is
Putin's stooge and Putin has something
on him or he loves putting them too much
and that you know they're in collusion
and always have been and this answer
would fit that that would fit that movie
right because it acts like he's you know
going a little soft on Putin until he
has to change his mind because of public
opinion so so it totally fits that movie
the other movie is that he has
continually for two and a half years or
however long whenever he gets in trouble
and it seems like he couldn't possibly
be in more trouble than that he finds a
way to change the topic so many times to
new to new things you can't look away
from
that you think it's been a year since
that last thing you just wait in a week
you are not gonna remember what he said
with Putin in a week there's gonna be so
much stuff in the news that you'll think
it was six months ago so you're seeing
the energy completely change from the
question which was hey is is the
president actually liking literally
liking Russia more than ill he likes our
own intelligence services that seems
kind of traitorous to now you're saying
to yourself wait a minute did he just
tell the most transparent lie in the
world right in front of us let's talk
about the lie let's argue about the
difference between would and wouldn't in
this context let's see if we can get
people who will be dumb enough to come
on TV and defend the president with this
lame excuse
let's talk about wood let's talk about
wooden it's a whole different topic and
it happens to be and again I'm not going
to say I'm not going to claim that this
was an intentional play I have no idea
what the president is thinking or you
know whether aides were behind the
wording of anything who knows I think
that's somewhat unknowable but you can
say for sure that it fits several
interpretations of the world if it's
he's crazy but then you also have to
explain how did he get this far you know
how do you explain all the things that
are going right so that it's crazy one
at least this fits but doesn't really
fit with a lot of other stuff
it fits the he's a darned old Russian
illusionist but doesn't quite fit the
fact that we have you know heavy
sanctions on him and you know there are
a lot of things that are not a perfect
fit with that but if it but this does it
looks like he's going soft on Putin but
the other thing you Fitz
is that he's doing what he always does
which is he's trying to play both sides
at the same time he's trying to get food
to think that he has somebody he can
work with and deal with them on the big
stuff and almost certainly you know kind
of give him a pass on past past
performance let me put a different frame
on this what the truck what the
president seems to have been trying to
do and again this is just one
interpretation I could see how people
would see the same facts and have
another interpretation but what it seems
to do it seems to be is that the
President of the United States has
offered Putin essentially a virtual
pardon if he'll turn state's evidence in
this case that just means help us with
our priorities so while we're discussing
how Putin has you know if you watching
CNN Putin has you know totally won won
the day and he's the one who has gained
everything and the president as gain
nothing but a soccer ball and you could
see how somebody would interpret it that
way because that that very much fits
what you're seeing but you're also
seeing and this filter fits the
situation perfectly a president Trump
who has the strong hand offering Putin a
pardon because it's good for the United
States if we can just get him to do what
we need from this point on
mostly all right nobody is under the
impression that Putin will do everything
we want from this day on but there are
some big priorities and there are some
smaller ones and the president mentioned
some of the big ones so while we're
thinking about the words would and
wouldn't I would expect two or three
more major stories to come out the next
24 hours until we almost can't remember
that time that President Trump might
have said would wall meaning wouldn't
and by the way watch also when I listen
to it and this could this could actually
be my bias
this will be a good a good real time
test of my bias so when I listen to the
president I thought he left open in his
interpretation that he meant to say
would but he didn't that he in fact said
that he meant to say wouldn't but the in
fact said would I believe that his
critics are already turning that into
something different which is is he
telling us that the word on that video
is really the word wouldn't when we can
clearly hear it would now what's
hilarious about that is that we live in
the lobby and Laurel age and I'm pretty
sure that everybody heard it as would
the first time they heard it but watch
how many people and it won't be a
majority or anything like that but but
you will be surprised how many people go
back to that now and because the most
influential person the most persuasive
person of our time has just suggested
that it might sound like wouldn't even
though he didn't say that he simply
suggested that he intended to say
wouldn't and by the way I checked me on
that because I could be wrong on that so
look for people to actually believe they
heard it the the other way and that's
that's gonna be your like Johnny and
Laurel in real life moment now I will
reiterate for those of you new to my my
thing here I don't know why he you know
you use that as his go-to explanation
but I can tell you the effect of it and
the effect of it is the same as Steve
Jobs explaining antenna gate do you
remember when the old iPhone was you had
the problem that if you held it a
certain way the antenna was blocked and
it would and it would cut off the
service well what could be a worse
feature
then a handheld device that doesn't work
when you hold it in your hand and that's
what Steve Jobs was faced with it was
like the worst problem it was just about
the worst problem in the world and Steve
Jobs gets on this press call the first
time you talked about it and he says you
know we know we have a problem also then
he said all smartphones have problems
we'd like to make their customers happy
here's what we're gonna do
notice what he did he changed the frame
him from there's a problem with the
iPhone - there's a problem with all
smart phones you have to look at it in
context and then he also did the right
thing which is he said you know I'm
gonna make it right look what Trump just
did all right
he changed the frame from are you saying
that you like Putin more than our own
intelligence services - did you lie are
you said what did you really say what it
wouldn't are you lying to us are you
crazy do you think for gullible it's a
whole different conversation and and so
you can see him you know shifting the
focus he did not make it right he
probably didn't make anything better but
you will note that he shifted the
attention and no also so here's the
bigger part of the story like Steve Jobs
who said ultimately you know we're gonna
make it right for the customers Trump
just said what people wanted him to say
he just got on national television and
spoke to the the public on request the
public you think about this the public
literally summoned their president to
tell them to their face why he's
thinking what he means to think about
what a big deal that is well I'm gonna
say that again you just watched the
public you know the the press is part of
it but really had to be the public
hearing that made the difference the
public had just summoned their president
to say to their face what he meant
there he was he appeared now he may not
have said what you wanted him to say but
it's got a remarkable that that the the
system worked that responsibly so that
should at least make you feel good about
that one narrow thing alright and just
looking at your comments
so here's what you want to look for if
you're trying to figure out which of
these filters is true they're Russian
collusion and you know from the start
and it's just ongoing maybe Putin has
some dirt on Trump is it is that movie
gonna be more predictive or is the
persuasion filter so the persuasion
filter says this seems like a big deal
today and it won't seem like a big deal
in a week or two because there'll be
other big deals the persuasion filter
also says that the president does this
this pattern of just changing the focus
to something that's irresistible you
can't you really can't look away from
this little wood and wooden thing you
just can't look away and we know the
other Rosie O'Donnell example so yeah we
can see these done before you all have
your own examples of when he's moved to
focus and how well he does that so my
prediction is that his big play is
getting Putin on his side and that
there's no way to evaluate that and that
the only way you can judge whether
something good or bad happened in what's
happened in the last 48 hours is how
Putin acts differently or not
differently you know I think you would
agree there's only one measure here what
does Putin do in the future does he get
embolden which would be the you know the
the Putin collusion theory says Putin
will be emboldened the persuasion filter
that I talked about says that Putin will
still be Putin right you know when I'm
taking out of context later somebody's
gonna say you said Putin was perfect
from that day on no nothing like that
I'm just saying that on our big
priorities Putin might become more
useful than not and on the things that
he cares more about than we do you know
maybe Putin will be Putin
so my prediction looks like that it
would be in America America centric
strategy it would be typical for the
president to take heat if it's the only
way he can shake the box to get a new
result did I tell you that the president
likes to shake the box until things line
up his way what you just watched was a
second box shaking the first box shaking
was the you know the press event itself
and the fact that he even went I guess
the first shake is having the summit the
second one was how the press conference
went the third shake is what he just did
and yeah I think you would agree that
even though it seems like all the the
facts are unchanged that what we're
thinking about changes every time he
shakes the box so shaking the box
doesn't doesn't change the facts it just
changes which variables you're focusing
on and he's done it out three times with
Russia and what do I say is his
superpower his superpower is that he can
shake the Box more than anybody else can
because he's willing to take the heat as
we're watching right now I mean think of
it I'm imagine put yourself in his
position
imagine that you you just want a TV with
this wood and wooden thing and been
blamed of being being Putin's you know
Putin's bats and everything else imagine
that was your last 24 hours how would
you feel you know you dedicated your
life to getting to become president or
whatever and then your last 24 hours is
you being blamed of being a Russian spy
blamed of treason you know and calm
every kind of yo liar name bolo now I'm
not I'm not defending him or you know
accusing him I'm just saying that's
that's his landscape today so today he's
taking more heat then you know most
presidents would take in a month
and he's able to do that apparently
because something tells me that if you
know if if we were a good time to golf
you'd be golfing you know somehow he has
there's a natural way to do that anyway
so that's enough for now I got to go
work out you should work out too fitness
is important