but pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody get in here
hey GG hey Andrew you're up early this
morning come on in here because you know
what time it is it's time for coffee
with Scott Adams it's sort of a slow
news day so we'll be going to the
whiteboard to sum it all up and now with
1,000 viewers that's your signal to grab
your mug your cup your stein your
beverage your flask bring it to your
mouth and enjoy that sweet sweet
beverage I like coffee and now join me
for the simultaneous it somebody just
said they got their first sale ever
based on my tip well congratulations I
don't know what it was you sold but I'm
gonna say it was good so I've been
thinking a lot about the way things are
getting framed in this midterm and I
want to share with you on my whiteboard
a few of my observations it's a slow
news day so we're going to do something
exciting
on our own the first observation I had
is that if you were to look at the
people on the left and the people on the
right if you go further left or further
right you end up with Nazis in other
words if if you go to the people on the
right of the political divide and you
keep going right right right right right
right right
you end up with literal neo-nazis on the
left and again this is the impression of
people looking at it if you go left or
and left turn left or you end up with
George Soros who many conservatives call
the Nazi but I'm pretty sure that's
based on fake news so I'm not saying
that I'm just saying that that's the way
people are saying it now what's
interesting about this is that
everything above the line is
unprofitable for the news into
so there's no such thing as news about
an ordinary person doing an ordinary
thing so all of the normal people are
not really part of the news all of the
news is down in Nazi lands where both
sides are accusing each other of being
crazy so that's one framing that I
thought was interesting that the news
drives us both below the line where
everybody's a Nazi in this here are some
other framings i've seen for the left of
the right take immigration for example
health care is another one you'll see
this a lot the typical framing on the
left is kindness now we have to be nice
to people of nice to immigrants and we
have to be kind to people who need
health care and help and then the
Republicans are more about the
incentives if you give people something
for nothing that might be good today but
tomorrow everything will break down
because you're giving stuff away for
free
nobody will work nobody will do the
things they need to do there's also the
goal versus systems framing the the left
has I would call goals make it a fairer
world get to income any income equality
get health care get education their
goals they're very specific things you
want people on the right are for more
like likely to look at this system and
they will say something like well if
you've got a good court system and
you've got capitalism and you've got a
constitution that's as far as we can go
and then all the good stuff flows from
that so the right is mostly about
following a system that makes sense and
the left is more about you the end state
yeah we want to we want to have this
good end state the left is more about
fairness hey let's get our income
equality let's let everybody into the
country who has a good reason and the
right is more about abundance if you
make enough stuff they'll be enough for
everybody
all right the the left would call that
trickle-down but the idea is that
capitalism creates more stuff so there's
more stuff for everybody then of course
there's the more the surface level where
there's a more of a lean towards
socialism on the left in various amounts
right some would just like a little bit
of socialism like Europe somewhat a lot
of socialism but there's more socialism
on the left or there's more emphasis on
capitalism on the right but I have
another frame that I want to run by you
and the frame is who gets to make your
decisions I feel like that's important
who gets to make your decisions
specifically let's take a look at
immigration if we allow the immigrants
who are in the big caravans to come into
the country we would first of all give
them incentive to bring more caravans so
the first thing we should all agree on
is that when we're talking about the
caravan that's coming nobody cares about
the caravan that's coming nobody on the
Left cares nobody on the right cares
about the caravan nobody cares
everybody cares about what would happen
if you treated them kindly versus
treated them more harshly everybody
cares about what happens after the
caravan but everybody is an idiot and we
all talk like we care about this Caravan
nobody on the right cares about a few
hundred people nobody nobody on the Left
cares about a few hundred people we only
care about what precedented causes you
know what are the incentives do what
happens after that well somebody's
saying they care yes you care about a
few hundred people but you care this
much right there are 300 million people
in the country letting in a few hundred
you don't care about you really don't
you're not even gonna notice you'll
never need one but if it caused more
people to join caravans you
certainly care about what that caused
but here's the point if the if the
caravan is successful it will
effectively rewrite our immigration laws
because we don't have a law right now
this says you can come in if you come in
in a big caravan there's no law like
that so if they get away with it and
they're successful whether they're
bending some rules or whatever they're
doing they will have effectively
rewritten our laws just by the de-facto
truth on the ground and the question is
who gets to decide your loss do you get
to decide them or do people who are not
part of your country people you've never
met strangers do they get to decide and
to me that seems like the strongest
frame here because I don't think people
on the right are talking about kindness
or not being kind you know nobody's
really on the kindness bandwagon they're
they're more about what works and does
it work to have a situation where other
people decide how you spend your money
well we have that in taxation and the
people on the right don't love it but
here's another thing that I would like
to suggest about the left versus right
and I think I did a reasonable job of
convincing you that this stuff is more
with the right and this stuff is more
I'm sorry
more with the left and more with the
right but here's another way to look at
this everything here seems age-related
have you noticed that that the stuff on
the left is the stuff you you you like
when you're young and you know what I
say about young voters they're the dumb
ones the young voters are the ones who
are more idealistic we were all young we
were probably all more idealistic when
we were younger
so I have I want to say this again I'm
not insulting the young because I was
once young and I knew a lot less when I
was young I didn't know nearly as much
as I know now and if so if you look at
this framing kindness versus incentives
kindness is sort of a child's frame
incentives tell you what's going to
happen in the long run and you can get
more kindness if you make sure you got
your incentives right but young people
don't really think that way they think
in terms of what am I going to get right
away goals versus system again this is a
difference between a youth and
experience experience will design a
system that works so it works for
everybody as best you can in the long
run somebody young will just say I want
candy now
why can't I have candy right now
fairness versus abundance everybody
would like to fair a world but people
who are more experienced know that the
only way you're going to get there is to
make a lot of stuff so you're gonna have
to have enough stuff to share or it's
not going to happen
socialism versus capitalism really just
encapsulate this and then who makes your
decisions strangers or you I think
that's the only the only framing that
gets us to the same place
is there anybody on either the left or
the right who would say I prefer
strangers to make my decisions so do a
fact check on me on that is there
anybody on the left or the right there
would prefer someone else people they
don't even know literally strangers from
another country to make their decisions
about how their money respect is there
anybody who prefers that I don't think
so
I think the people on the left and the
right would agree that having complete
strangers who don't who don't even share
your interests are from another country
make your decisions would be a bad idea
so I've never seen anybody frame it like
this and I just wanted to trot that out
see what it looks like some people do
want others to decide
yeah socialism does assume that the
government is going to be make decisions
for everybody but there's a big
difference between having your
government make your decision and it's a
government who if you've elected them
improperly you have made the decision
about who's in the government so you
have control over your government by
voting but you don't have any control
over people who live in other countries
making your decisions for you so the
point is is the most powerful way to
look at the immigration for example not
whether it's kind or not kind not the
economics not the crime not the system
not the goal but I think the strongest
frame is who gets to make decisions
about your money should it be you and
the government you've elected even if
you didn't vote for them at least you're
part of the system that elected them or
people who don't even live in the
country complete strangers who would
like to have some of what you have so
that's the question for the day now
let's let's look at the election it
seems to me the news is getting crazy
these sides are being drawn and I'm
wondering if the weather will be the
deciding factor I haven't seen they
haven't seen any kind of a weather
forecast but I'm not aware of any big
storms coming I don't think there are
any hurricanes on the way doesn't look
like it was a big rainstorm or a big
snow storm coming so November is
actually probably a pretty good month
for having elections for that reason and
East Coast is going to get rain okay I'm
not sure rain will be as big a
difference but it should make some so I
would love to know if there is a
turn out difference based on based on
the weather I don't know that there
would be it might be a difference
between old people and young people will
old people go out and vote if it's
raining the will young people go out and
vote if it's raining let me put it this
way
how many young people don't have an
umbrella I'm making myself laugh because
I just realized that the one of the
differences between you know young
people and old people is might be
whether or not they have an umbrella so
the weather might make a difference
people are fired up yeah people are
fired up but the difference between the
vote outcomes was going to be one and
two percent so a little bit of weather a
little bit of stories going into the
midterms are going to make a big
difference we wear hoodies and jackets
well if it works for you so you're
seeing a lot of American flags I think
already I'm Twitter at least and the
more American flags you see the more
likely people will vote Republican so
you could count the number of American
flags and that that should tell you you
know a 1 or 2 percent flip as well
umbrellas and the old people think
somebody says I think you're right
that's why the umbrella factor might be
decisive because there is a difference
between how people treat the weather
have I ever talked to RFK about
spasmodic dysphonia no not directly but
I have I'm sure he knows the options so
there's nothing to talk about
yes somebody's saying this Caravan is
not the problem it's what happens after
it that is correct
that's what I said should you make it a
cover photo
well do whatever you feel like doing but
the more people see flags the better I
wouldn't I don't think I would want to
associate the flag with you in other
words make sure the flag is not
representing you make sure the flag is
representing the country
alright I'm just looking at your
comments
I've decided many buddy have any
questions because today is sort of a low
news day and we might have another load
news day when I say load news there's
plenty of it but it's all the boring
kind it's all the stuff that says this
candidate and this candidate on this
unreliable poll are still within the
margin of error I don't care
[Music]
somebody's watching a Warriors game
I don't go to big big stadiums but
thanks why do I say hundreds not
thousands don't know what you're talking
about
Oh hundreds because the number of people
would actually get into the country from
the ever-shrinking Caravan might
decrease from thousands to hundreds by
the time you know all the filters have
been exhausted have I decided on the
book title I have it's gonna be loser
think Trump what about shooting the rock
throwers yeah so Trump said that if the
caravan people throw rocks at our
military they are authorized to use
force and treat the rocks like a a gun
because if you get hit in the face with
a rock it's not that different than
being shot it's different than being
shot in the face
but getting hit in the face with a rock
it's probably not that different than
getting a shot in the arm so here's what
here's my take on that the whole point
of having an overwhelming force is to
convince the other side that you're
going to use that force so it does make
sense for the President to say publicly
that they will use force and if force is
used against them
that is the correct way to frame it
because it reduces the chance of force
it tells people that they're not there
to play now what are the directions that
the actual military people are getting
probably different from whatever the the
president is saying in public
I assume that the rules of engagement
for the military are super super
restricted meaning that if somebody
didn't pull have a gun they probably
wouldn't fire you know that I think they
would return to gunfire but I don't
think anything anything short of that
they're probably not going to treat it
like a military action now I don't know
that but it would be the smart way to
play it the smart way to play it would
be for the president to be as hardline
as possible so that people people
understand that the military is not
there to play games but that the
military has their own instructions
privately to to stand down
except when they absolutely have to yeah
he did say to treat it as if they had
been shot not necessarily to shoot back
that's true so that's a good
clarification he did not say to shoot
back he said to treat it as if deadly
force had been coming in their direction
I think that's a good direction
I'm glad you I'm glad you helped me
clarify that so that also goes to my
point that the military is going to have
pretty restrictive instructions who gets
fired by Trump after the midterms I
think there may be a few I saw a story
on CNN I think that whichever cabinet
secretary Agriculture I forget he used
the the racially charged phrase
cotton-pickin and when he was talking
about the race in Florida
which has an african-american man
running for governor Gilliam and the
apparently this older cabinet member
said something like you know it's so
it's so cotton-picking and important now
of course the a lot of folks say you
can't say a cotton-pickin when you're
talking about anything that's racially
charged and I have to that's one of
those situations that is very much like
you know monkeying around and what was
the other one articulate there are there
a whole bunch of phrases that I'm pretty
sure a a large segment of the world
doesn't register as having's
racial charge when I was a kid the
phrase cotton pickin was a just the most
common phrase and I don't remember ever
thinking it had anything to do with race
so if you grew up in a certain time it
was just a common saying that I don't
think anybody associated with race at
least in the white community I would not
be surprised if that's where it came
from
but I think you've got it you've got it
yeah use the 48-hour rule and if
somebody says hey that that phrase was
racially offensive than the person who
said it should have 48 hours to say it
is I've been I've been hearing that all
my life I didn't even know it was
racially offensive I take it back
so I personally would would not use that
phrase cotton-pickin but only because
I've recently been informed that it has
a racial sort of secondary meaning or
primary I don't know maybe a secondary
or primary but I didn't know that I in
fact I learned that I think I learned
that this year it's just because I grew
up in the north and what I thought of
picking cotton I don't think I
automatically associated that with any
race I just thought I had it was
something that had to be picked
if foghorn leghorn said cotton-pickin
all the time
yeah which doesn't mean it wasn't racial
it's that those were the days
yeah those are the days when everything
was more racial all right I'm going to
sign off because I don't have much to
say and I will talk to you later