bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum it's
holiday here in the United States
holiday Day Labor Day it is and it's a
wonderful day it's a great day to have
coffee with Scott Adams as luck would
have it that's me you know who you are
you know other takes listen to enjoy
coffee with Scott Adams and the
simultaneous app which is coming up yes
all you need all you need is a cup of
our glasses Stein the chalice detector
thermos apply some key into the vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous sip the thing that makes
everything better all day long and the
rest of you we do go oh oh
alright here's my favorite story of the
day there was a flying student a student
who was learning to fly a plane and he's
up in the air and this just happened by
the way real story in Australia and the
flight instructor passes out and the the
flight trainee is trying to wake him up
like literally just trying to keep
falling over so the trainee calls the
tower and says I'm a flight trainee and
my instructor just passed down I can't
wake him up so what do they do well the
first thing they said is have you ever
landed a plane before any other kind of
plane and the trainee says it's my first
lesson
a first lesson and his flight instructor
passes out while he's in the air so the
the the short version of the story as
they talked him down
they basically trained him in the air
how to land the plane I guess he took a
few practice approaches just to see if
he got you know get the approach right
and then he landed it and he landed it
apparently successfully and my favorite
part was that the the trainee after he
lands the plane he said that his
instructor said he's the best he's the
best student he's ever had talk about
the best student you've ever had if you
have a heart attack in the plane oh I
don't know what happened to him but he
passed out and his student lands the
plane on the first try pretty good
pretty pretty good I love that story so
you all know about the straight Pride
Parade
did you see a overseas comment about it
alright so there was a parade for
organized by straight men and I don't
know how I guess it was sort of
tongue-in-cheek but maybe they had a
point I don't know didn't really pay
attention to it too much but a or C had
an interesting comment about the
straight Pride Parade she said and I
quote for men who are allegedly so proud
of being straight they seem to show real
incompetence at attracting women to
their events seems like more more like a
quote I struggle with masculinity parade
to me hope they grow enough over the
next year to support enjoy LGBTQ family
next now here's the thing isn't the
whole point of supporting the LGBTQ
community isn't the whole point of that
is not making fun of people for their
their sexual situation their sexual
preferences their sexual identity isn't
that the whole point sorry I
forgot kids are home from school today
so make sure your kids in here that but
was it that the whole point is that you
don't say stuff like this if you're
trying to be an inclusive person because
correct me if I'm wrong and and I'm
pretty sure I'm right about this this
straight Pride Parade is not anti LGBTQ
even slightly as far as I can tell
they're taking you they're taking them
as their model and trying to emulate it
in fact the head of ceremonies was the
most famous gay conservative of all you
know Milo you know Plus so certainly
these people were not anti LGBTQ I mean
who knows what individuals were thinking
but in terms of the event it was not and
so Tamia seems wildly inconsistent for
her to mock people for their sexual
identity I mean I don't understand that
either we can do that or we can write
either acceptable behavior allows us to
do it or acceptable behavior says don't
do it but you have to pick one I don't
think you can say yes it's unacceptable
to mock this group but this group's find
no problem with that with a group my
digital assistant was talking to me all
right
let's talk about Debra Messing so she
had a tweet which she said I am proud to
be a donor when I contribute to a
campaign I am happy to be listed when I
attend a fundraiser I'm assuming anyone
who donates to Trump's fundraiser would
feel the same why wouldn't they so she's
talking about Eric McCormack and in her
tweets in which they're saying that
there's some fundraiser in Hollywood for
Republicans and they would like to see a
list of those people Eric McCormack said
this so they could know who to avoid
working with in the future and then so
Debra Messing's messages sort of playing
off of that and she's saying she's proud
to be a donor when she contributes
to campaign why wouldn't somebody be
proud to say they donated to Trump's
fundraiser why wouldn't they she asks so
I tweeted back because of you how does
she not realize that the reason people
don't want to give up their privacy on
who they don't donated to if it's if
it's a Republican is because of Debra
Messing she's the problem because she's
she and eric mccormack are organizing
boycotts against them is she really
confused about what the problem is here
I don't think anybody would have a
problem saying who they voted for except
for the existence of Eric McCormack and
Debra Messing and anybody who is
like-minded they're the problem of
course people are afraid of them because
they're aggressive and they're dangerous
to people's careers and social
reputations and stuff they're dangerous
so these two dangerous people are
threatening people and wondering why the
people they're threatening indirectly
they're wondering why the people that
are threatening are not willing to give
their identities well maybe it's because
you're threatening them idiot all right
let's talk about gun control I got a lot
of people chattering yesterday with my
opinions because I said that I I have
the only opinion on guns and gun control
in the world and I stand by that now I
saw a few people almost get close to
having an opinion but not really so I'm
going to say it again I have the only
opinion on gun control nobody else has
an opinion a lot of people think they
have opinions but they don't they have
half pinions they have half an opinion
meaning that they talk about the right
to own guns without talking about what
that costs meaning the cost in terms of
deaths and then there are other people
who only talk about the deaths and they
don't talk about what that might call
in terms of protecting the Republic and
protecting ourselves etc I'm the only
person who has given an honest opinion
now you could agree with it or disagree
that but you can't it'd be hard to argue
that other anybody else has an opinion
so here's my opinion I like the Second
Amendment and I would be willing to keep
it up to a cost of about 20,000
accidental and I guess intentional
murders per year that's my number if you
can't give me a number you don't have an
opinion
you don't have anything you just you're
just talking about stuff but if you want
a full opinion you should say I would
like the benefits of the Second
Amendment
personal protection freedom protecting
from tyranny all those things I want all
of those things up to a cost of 20,000
deaths per year
now some people said but wait a minute
we're already there because you can't
count suicides to which I say sure I
can't it's my opinion I can count
anything I want I'm just showing my work
do I think that we should have half as
many suicides of course I do I'd also
like half as many murders I like all of
it to go down now if you're saying to me
but Scott you can't make suicide going
to go down by controlling guns I didn't
say you could did you hear me say that I
didn't say that now there may be other
solutions for making suicide go down it
could be mental health treatments could
be something more creative I don't care
how we get there I'm just saying that if
you know if we can that's my number
20,000 would be an acceptable number in
a country our size for the freedom that
it gives us all right here are some of
the arguments or I'm not sure their
arguments but the the points that people
gave me to give some context number of
people said buzz got there are 45
thousand people dying a year in
automobiles and there are people dying
from alcohol and are people dying from
cigarettes there are people dying in
swimming pools and there and all that
and what about all that what's your
number for those things to which I say
keep in mind all of those things have
limits all of those things have
restrictions you can't drive a car any
way you want whenever you want under
every condition you don't have that
freedom automobiles are deeply
restricted including you have to wear
your seat belt because that number of
deaths was too high and society
collectively decided to see if they
could make it lower likewise with
cigarettes likewise with almost
everything else there there are great
restrictions on all those things guns
would be another category but the main
thing is it really doesn't matter how
many people die from other things that's
not a point if you're talking about gun
control and you say yes but X people die
doing other things that has nothing to
do with guns that context is interesting
and it might tell you that there's
something else unrelated to firearms
that you also want to talk about but
probably there are already restrictions
in that other thing you know as there
are with alcohol and guns and cigarettes
and stuff so so it does not matter if
there are other things that kill you too
it's interesting but it has nothing to
do with it how you make a decision on
gun control let me give you an analogy
because they're so persuasive now and
remember analogies are good for making a
novel point but analogies are not good
for persuading so I'm just going to make
a point
if the Boy Scouts of America just you
know the Boy Scouts I think they're just
called Scouts now if the scouts let's
say killed accidentally 10,000 Scouts
per year
would you say to yourself that's not
much it's only 10,000 children per year
killed in the scouting profession
in the scouting organization so that's
fine it's only 10,000 because there are
so many other people who died of cancer
you wouldn't say that you would treat
and by the way there's nothing like that
dying from scouting this is just a crazy
example but if there were you would say
well let's look at scouting there's
something wrong with scouting here we've
got a we got to fix this so it doesn't
matter how many people died from
unrelated things you're still gonna look
at every decision individually somebody
said controlling guns in any additional
way would not reduce a suicide because
quote Japan has the second highest rate
of suicides in the world and some of the
strictest gun control confiscating guns
would not curb the rate of suicides
really first of all here's the first
problem
you can't compare Japan to the United
States on suicide if I moved to Japan
I'd probably kill myself in a year are
you kidding me have have you seen how
tragic and horrible it is to live in
Japan if you're a young person you don't
have privacy you're probably not having
sex you're working all hours you're
living at home I would fricking blow my
brains out if I were in Japan and if he
didn't give me a gun I'd go find another
way living in Japan sounds exactly like
a place that would have a high rate of
suicide so I'm not surprised by that I
don't think you can compare those two
but here's the thing every time you
anytime you introduce friction to
anything you reduce the amount of that
thing you can't really find exceptions
to that that are meaningful I mean maybe
you could find some weird exception but
but it wouldn't be meaningful in terms
of a general generalization all friction
reduces reduces the number of people who
do that thing so let me give you let me
walk through the thinking if you're
suicidal and it's sort of a temporary
situation and you also
alone you got in your house I would
think your danger of suicide is much
higher than if you had to plan it and
think about it and go to the doctor and
you get some kind of pills that would
kill you and you know do some research
and all that I'd have to think they're
simply making you think about it and
plan it and and do it in a maybe way
that is less certain will probably
reduce some suicides take for example
all the young people who do these mass
shootings don't they seem like suicides
to you I mean the we talk about all the
people they kill but they seem like
fancy suicides so a few restricted guns
from some of those people who might do
fancy mass shooting suicides you might
redo some now people said to me Scott
Scott Scott why are you so in favor of
gun restrictions to which I say I've
never said that I have never said I am
in favor of gun restrictions never
here's what I do say I am in favor of
testing a variety of changes which could
include some restrictions but it might
include and I think it's worth testing
more guns so there are two sides there
tend to be two sides some people say
give more people guns and you'll be
safer and some people say take away the
guns or restrict them in some ways that
you'll be safer and I say I think it
depends it seems to be perfectly
reasonable to imagine and I don't know
the answer to this question but wouldn't
it be reasonable to imagine there are
some situations in which additional guns
make you safer while at the same time
there are some situations that you could
easily identify in which guns make you a
little less safe don't you think that
there's a difference between situations
so if somebody says I'd like to test in
this Texas County having more guns and
we'll just see what happens I say if it
could be tested go ahead
go ahead and test it if somebody else
wants to test having fewer guns let's
say Chicago I'd say let's test it let's
say see if it makes a difference now in
order for your test to be successful you
would need to have some sense of
comparables meaning other places that
are similar enough in in crime profile
that if you make a major change in one
of those places and there's a difference
in the crime level you might say to
yourself hey those two places that were
just like this up until today they
didn't get any improvement now it might
take more than a year might take three
five years or something but if we're not
continually testing to see what works
and what doesn't and wait if we're not
if we're not open to the fact that you
know what works in Chicago maybe
completely opposite of what works in
some place in Texas if we don't
acknowledge that there could be a
gigantic difference in what works in
different situations we're not really
serious about this all right so that's
all I had to say on that there's not
much else going on except the hurricane
well there's another story going on that
I'm very confused about there's this
horrible tragedy did you hear about this
and I'm trying to make this not sound
like a joke all right so I'm gonna say
something involving a tragedy that you
might take as meaning to be a joke but I
don't mean it that way
it's an actual question I have so
apparently there was some 70 some very
large diving ship a ship that takes
people to go on diving excursions they
caught it on fire and I guess dozens of
people perished and I'm asking myself it
was a ship full of people who are
trained divers on the water how in the
world do people who were trained divers
on a boat fire I'm not joking either
there's something we need to know
there's there's something more about
yeah even if they were sleeping but do
you think 75 people were below deck and
they couldn't get out I don't know if
the ship was designed so that there was
only one way to get down and I would
imagine that would be kind of typical
for a ship wouldn't it or was it the
smoke yeah somebody says how long can
you dive I'm just saying that if they
had jumped off into the water
I believe the water is warm enough that
they could you know where it was
probably warm enough that they could
have survived cover quite a while and
there were all people who knew that swim
they were all divers so I think there
might be more to this story than we know
so we'll wait a minute now the other big
story is the hurricane of course so this
morning I used the interface by when hub
app my company is app and I made a call
to you Jennifer Becker who had signed up
to give me some updates or to give
anybody who called her some updates on
the hurricane now Jennifer and Jennifer
might be on this periscope watching so
hi Jennifer
so Jennifer took the interface call and
but she's in the panhandle and so far in
the Panhandle it's still kind of a nice
day it looks like it's getting a little
cloudy a little windy but in the
panhandle on the other side of the state
from hurricane not so bad yet so if
there are other people who want to be
storm reporters you can set your price
as zero as Jennifer did you don't need
to charge it's optional
/ wants to call in and just see for
themselves what people are doing or what
it looks like before the before the
phone's go dead you have a way to do it
all right
and just look again the Bahamas got
smashed so the other story I saw was
that Disney has their own Island I don't
know if you know this but the the
company Disney they own an island called
Castaway Cay in the Bahamas and
apparently there's they're keeping their
staff there so some members of their
staff are writing at the hurricane on
this little island that Disney owns now
I've been to that Island so I've been on
Castaway Cay Disney's own Island so it's
it's this tiny little island where you
could walk from one side to the other
there I'm pretty sure there are no hills
or mountains or anything it's just sort
of a barely above sea level Island
alright so here's the key part it's
barely above sea level
somebody says is pronounced Casa wakey
CA Y is pronounced kee good to know so
thank you for that
alright so castaway key and I'm asking
myself having been on that island not
too long ago well I guess it was long
ago twelve years ago I can't imagine
surviving a hurricane on that island so
there must be there must be something on
that island that's like a hurricane
shelter because that would be one scary
place to be there's there's not much in
the way of shelter on the island that I
saw so it must be some underground stuff
and if it's underground how do they
avoid flooding because it feels like the
entire feels like the entire island
would be under underwater under some
situations because it's such a low to
the ground anyway I have some real
worries about the employees who stayed
in that Island I hope they're safe but
I'm sure it is you know Disney's Disney
is a pretty serious company so if Disney
says that they're safe I tend to think
they are I'm just curious how they could
possibly be so that's all after the
or why are they making them stay I have
no idea no idea I mean there could be a
good reason I just don't know what it is
of course they have a shelter it's a
multi-billion dollar company well I'm
just telling you I've been on the island
and they're just these little like
bathrooms and miners mightor
I think there's like a snack bar that's
about it there's no other building on
the island that I saw might have been
some maintenance buildings or something
why stay on that island I have no idea
why our cheat days Senate Diet questions
actually we'll talk about that at some
point I will talk about cheat days well
I'll talk about it now if you're on a
diet that allows you to cheat days
you're not on a diet
there are probably some people here who
are gonna resist that but I'll just say
it again if you're on a diet that allows
you cheat days they are days when you
could eat whatever you want you're not
on a diet you you have no chance of
making that a permanent part of your
life because all you do is all week long
you just crave that bad food and then it
reappear addiction to it and then you
have to fight fight fight all week until
you get your addiction fixed and then
you fight fight fight all week you have
no chance so when anybody tells me that
their diet has a cheat day the first
thing I hear in my head is oh you're not
on a diet you're just doing something
terrible to yourself you're torturing
yourself and you have no chance of
making this a lasting change here's the
difference people who are on real diets
have learned this which is your your
cravings for the food that's bad for you
in my case french fries I have a craving
for french fries more than any other
food but the potatoes in french fries
plus the fact
they're fried it's terrible for you
they're just terrible carbs everything
about french fries is unhealthy for you
and I can't resist them unless I have
resisted them for a long time in other
words if I go a month without french
fries I lose the craving and then if I
keep it up I can just forget that I ever
liked it in the first place so every
food that gives you a craving if you're
if you're allowing a cheat day you're
just it's sort of like well I'm gonna
get off a heroin but I have a cheat day
so yeah I'm gonna do heroin on Saturday
but all the rest of the week I'm not
gonna do any heroin would you say to
yourself well there's a person who's
getting off a heroin no no you wouldn't
you would say there's a person who's
going to be on heroin forever so food is
like heroin in the sense that it's
addictive the bad carbs the sugar
literally trigger the addiction centers
in your brain it's designed that way
there's a book called sugar salt fat I
may have those words mixed up but it
teaches you about how the food science
business manipulates sugar salt in fact
the three three main variables of flavor
or at least an addiction flavor and they
manipulate them until your brain can't
do without them it's really hard to quit
them if you get those in the right
combination and so a diet should be seen
as breaking an addiction if you break
the addiction to the the bad things that
you'd normally like and you keep it
broken and you don't go back to them
well that's a diet and it wouldn't
matter what else you're doing if the
only thing you did was get rid of your
addiction to things that are bad for you
you know so does candy cake potatoes
white rice that stuff if that's all you
did you'd be great all right
what do I think about vaping well I'm no
expert on vaping I hear all the stories
about the dangers of vaping in people's
lungs collapsing and and all that
honestly when I see anybody vaping I
have two thoughts one is I like them
less sorry
yeah I'm just biased when I see somebody
vaping I see somebody who looks like
they're not trying and they might be
trying because so is so it's a bias on
my part if I see somebody vaping I say
there's somebody who doesn't care about
other people and they're not really
trying to get off nicotine and there III
don't know it's a bad look so let me say
this
seeing somebody smoke a regular
cigarette for those who don't smoke we
get pretty judgmental right we say well
there's a person that I would not date
in many cases there is a person I
wouldn't necessarily want to hire
because the smoking is gonna have an
effect on productivity etc that's why I
say I have the same feeling when I see
somebody vaping they say well there's
somebody vaping is a signal okay here's
the best way to put it
vaping is a very visible signal that you
don't know how to manage your life
that's what it looks like to me if you
see somebody who is a really fit you
know you see you see that their body is
fit and they're they have lean muscles
and stuff what do you say to yourself
you say to yourself oh wow there's
somebody who figured out how to do that
stuff right
probably they'd be good employees too
because they're they're Fitness is
signaling to me that they know how to
have a structure they know how to do
things that are hard they not a you know
work a system etc but if I see somebody
vaping I say there's somebody who
doesn't know how how life works
now I get that maybe some people are
trying to get off cigarettes and that
might help so you know you can't tell
the difference between somebody who's
using it as a trans transition strategy
if that's real I don't know if it really
works as a transition strategy but I
would feel differently about somebody
who's actually on some kind of a process
to try to get off of tobacco all right
I'm seeing more and more people saying
that my book
had a failed almost everything and still
win big has changed their lives I just
tweeted around somebody else who who
noted that if you have not read that
book it's the one you should read first
of my books so I got a lot of books I
got bill burr books I got books on all
kinds of stuff but if you're gonna read
one book of mine you should read it had
it failed almost everything and still
win big because that one will change
your life the most and you can see in
the comments people saying it worked it
worked for them oh actually you may be
talking about something else you might
be talking about vaping when you say it
work for you so I'm not sure what your
context is what's my thoughts on Bret
Easton Ellis's book have not read it a
lot of people in the comments are saying
that my book changed their life okay
people cope in different ways I'd be
pissed if someone told me to forego
coffee well I don't tell you to forgo
coffee I do think there might be some
medical situations in which you should
but I think coffee has passed all the
tests of being good for you in most
cases all right I'm just looking at your
comments here why don't borders carry
your books they do everybody carries my
books all right what's a good diet for
energy protein
so 70 said what's a good diet for
improving your energy and the answer is
protein what's a good diet for losing
weight eat more protein because the more
protein you eat the less you know less
hungry you are for more food and that
more food might be something less good
for you basically if you if you only
wanted to do one thing keep it simple
you'd say every time you're hungry say
what's the best protein I can get right
now if you say that every time you're
hungry it will guide you to learn more
protein and that would be very helpful
mostly because it guides you away from
bad carbs somebody says when I see
someone drink coffee I assume they don't
know how to get enough sleep yeah would
you do an audio of Bigley there is an
audio book of wimping lee I I recorded
that in a few weeks I go in to record my
new book loser thang so that has done
records me at that that ends up getting
done closer to publication date so the
few weeks I'll be in the studio for
several days recording that book what
proteins do you eat mostly fish and nuts
and and protein supplements our eggs
good yeah I mean here you hear different
things have I read atomic habits I
haven't read it but I do know that James
clear has very very similar concepts and
he says he was influenced by my had a
failed book I'm not a vegan I eat fish
I've never been vegan I was once a
vegetarian the slaughter meter
yeah the slaughter meter is that 100%
right now so the slaughter meter is the
percentage chance that the President
Trump will win re-election
at this point
looks like there's nobody to give him a
tough run yeah avocados are good I eat
it not good I probably eat one avocado a
day minimum if you exercise aerobic ly a
lot you should eat a lot of carbs you
should eat good carbs not bad ones so by
the way I'm Christina and I are building
a studio within the house here so that
we can do some more professional sort of
YouTube videos with two people she'll be
she'll be joining me and we're going to
do some content separate from this I'll
still do this every morning but separate
from that we're gonna we're gonna do
some content with the two of us in more
of a standard podcast form and probably
have some guests at some point all right
I'm just looking at your comments
do you read wait but why by Tim urban I
have not read that yeah if there's a
recession that's gonna change things but
my guess is that we won't have one
anybody waiting for Michelle Obama is
going to be disappointed there's no
chance no chance that Michelle Obama
will get into the race no chance at all
not even the slightest tiniest chance
there there are very few things I would
say have zero chance because that's
almost stupid to say that you know I
always tease people who say well there's
no chance of that because there's always
some chance of things happening right
you can always be surprised but the odds
of the odds of Michelle Obama getting
into the race at this point I think
that's a zero you know put a gun to my
head yeah I'll take the bat and I'm not
worried about the gun we don't have a
name for our podcast Kristina and I do
not yeah it'll be like the Joe Rogan
studio sort of the the poor
man's version Joe Rogan has a an
engineer who does the technology and
insists air during the podcast Christina
is going to be the engineer in my case
because she she likes that stuff so
Christine is actually putting the whole
studio together she's she's done
everything from the from the you know
the lights lighting to the sound to the
video to the editing she's she's pulling
that all together what are good carbs
complex carbs like yams there are lots
of examples of good carbs yeah broccoli
good carb are you going to do anything
with Bill pulled a yes well see bill
pulled a is more of an ongoing what
would I say more of an an ongoing effort
so there's there's never a beginning or
an end to what bill Polti is doing is
philanthropy on the internet so yes I'm
sure that I'll have some conversations
for them why no red meat I just don't
care for it it's a it's purely personal
and I don't I know to digest it well
what topics would have we're still
talking about that I think we're going
to talk about we won't do politics with
possibly one exception we might do some
trivia about politics but not politics
per se I think we're going to talk more
about interesting things and
relationship things and some topics that
are just interesting will you meet
Christina yeah she'll be she'll be the
co-host of the podcast so she'll be on
every every podcast the entire time so
yes you will
we're going to do it recording so won't
be live and we'll just take it to
YouTube well I have virtual reality in
the studio
do I eat dairy
I don't avoid it but I don't you know
I'm not gonna drink milk or eat a Roy I
don't know why I'm just babbling now I'm
just looking at your questions because I
am avoiding work weed what about we can
you talk about the effect of virtual
reality on the mainstream well in my
office right here where I am I have a
virtual reality set up
it's the htc and I've I've used a number
of the contents so here here's my bottom
line on virtual reality number one it
does make you sick at the moment I
imagine that will fix that but at the
moment if you play any of the virtual
reality games and there's motion
involved there's a good chance that you
will be essentially you have sort of a
motion sickness when you take it off and
keep in mind that I don't have motion
sickness in the real world so you I can
do anything I can do rides car you know
car trips anything and I don't get any
motion sickness but the VR will make me
sick
100% of the time and the sickness lasts
I'd say an hour you know doesn't last
all night but for a good hour you're
sick you know throw up you know there's
there's no vomiting but you're you
you're nauseous for about an hour after
you use it now if they don't get that
fixed there's no future to it but I'm
imagining they probably well it feels
like the sort of thing that could get
fixed the other thing that you realize
is that you do treat the virtual reality
world like it's real in other words the
things you feel with the the goggles on
your sensations are as if real so motion
feels real you know space feels like
you're really in that space you have
actual fear about doing things in the
virtual reality that look like they'd be
dangerous even though you know that
they're not real
you all right
danger of deep fake videos well those
dangers are obvious yeah yeah when you
put the virtual reality headset on and
you spend a little time in that world
it's really easy to imagine that we are
that we are a simulated species is real
easy can you integrate hypnosis with VR
I suppose you could I don't know why
you'd need a reason what's going to
happen if Trump doesn't win well then
you got a Democrat for a president no
Dumba's bet oh he does seem a little bit
dumb doesn't he
it's hard to judge people's intelligence
just by their you know public personas
but I have to admit if feels like if
Beto did an IQ test next to other
politicians you would not do so well I
mean let me ask you this who's smarter
Andrew yang or better or org Andrew yang
simple right who's smarter Kamla Harris
or Beto O'Rourke calm lares who is
smarter Elizabeth Warren or better or
Elizabeth Warren you know not even close
who's smarter Bernie or bet Oh Bernie I
mean is there anybody dumber
yeah who's smarter mayor Pete or better
or mayor Pete it it would be really hard
to come up with somebody who is dumber
than Beto Beto who was actually on the
the Democratic it yeah
so if you noticed the a or C has not
been with the squad so much lately could
be because it's summer and schedules are
different but I've been predicting that
AOC will make a break with the squad
she may not publicly make a break but
you're just gonna see her operating
independently trying to trying to work
out her own brand now if she doesn't do
that it would be a gigantic persuasion
in career mistake because the squad is
taking a lot of fire now it's great that
she's you know willing to back them yeah
I'm glad that she has loyalty and all
that but at some point she's gonna
realize that you know at least Omar is
probably going down yes I don't think
that AFC wants to go down with Omar
she's got some things she's gonna need
to explain do you all know the stories
so there's that somebody said swallow
swallow isn't dumb swab well isn't even
close to dumb he just does things you
don't like that's very different
did you see Tucker Carlson segment on
the bed oh is dead I didn't see that
how likely Trump will lose not likely at
all take your call
about what all right so that's all for
now
and I'll talk to you tomorrow if I can
make this go away talk to you later