[Music]
pom pom pom Andrew how are you sailing
come on in grab your beverages it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams the best
part of the day it's the part of the day
that makes all the rest of the day go
better you know that's why you're here
you're here for the for the dopamine you
came to the right place
and if you were prepared I think most of
you are if you're prepared you've got a
cup or glass or a mug maybe a Steiner
attacker Dora or a chalice possibly a
thermos maybe a flask fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the simultaneous scepter oh
so good I don't know who invented coffee
but they need the Nobel Prize and coffee
that doesn't make sense but I'm very
tired I'll teach you later in this
periscope how to get more sleep I should
teach myself first of all let me give
you an update on my ongoing experiment
with blocking all trolls so the the idea
is I started a bit ago instead of
interacting to trolls and people who
insult and start with start with crazy
attacks on you instead of reacting to
them because I thought it was fun
and it was fun it was totally fun it
would also ramp me up in a way that I
wanted to see if over time the fun I was
getting of interacting with the trolls
was having maybe a bigger cost and it
was invisible to me because I really was
enjoying it you know no kidding I
absolutely love the energy I love the
you know the fight the competition I
liked I liked guy just like winning
because most of the trolls are not that
smart
so usually you can get over on them
pretty well then you're doing it in
front
other people so you've got an audience
that's everything I like but I wanted to
experiment with just blocking them
ruthlessly on the first offense
so no interaction one offense pong going
forever not mute not mute mute is mute
is like being agnostic I don't mute well
that's not true
I do mute people who I know to be mostly
good people who had a bad day or they're
just spamming me too much but that's the
exception
and the result so far or spectacular I
have to say that my mental health is
conspicuously improved now most of you
don't have as many trolls as I do so you
wouldn't have the same amount of impact
oh man very successful all right let's
talk about some other things Laura
Ingraham is in trouble for allegedly
allegedly defending this is what bad
people say if you talk about somebody
that will be called defending them so
Laura Ingraham is accused of defending
someone who she didn't defend she just
talked now he and it was part of a group
of people that she was talking about who
were banned on social media one of them
whose name I'm not even gonna say I
won't even say was accused of being a a
white supremacist and I thought to
myself huh I don't know too much about
this character I think I'll read what is
it about this character that you know
how is this true because I've never met
one and when I say I've never met one I
mean I've never met one in my recent
adult life I think when I was younger
you'd find people who literally had
white supremacist thoughts but I can't
think of anybody I've met in I know 10
years who had any kind of a thought like
that and so I read what this character
who was labeled a way supremacist what
are his views and it turns out there's
no real word for what this guy is and
again you don't even need to know who it
is but when you read his opinion
he's literally the opposite he's a white
inferior assist I'm not gonna tell you
it is but when you read what what what
he what he believes he believes that the
white people will not be competitive
with some other group that I'm not even
going to name but he believes that if if
we don't block some of the group from
coming into the country we won't be
competitive we meaning in his view white
people so he's literally someone who
thinks that white people can't compete
is that it is that it is that a white
supremacist you would think that the
minimum requirement to be a supremacist
is you have to think your group is
better if you unambiguously clearly and
consistently say your group can't
compete I don't know what do you call
that a bigot you know definitely a bigot
I'll go with that racists sure sure
racist making all of those things but
supremacist nationalist yes white
nationalist probably I think all of
those words are perfectly you know
acceptable and I condemn this individual
totally so let me say this as clearly as
possible I'm not defending this guy this
is a guy who doesn't deserve any
defending so the the person I didn't
name when my words are taken out of
context later let me say he's not
anybody that I would defend he's
probably all of those bad things but
he's the opposite of a supremacist if
anything he's got low self-esteem so
that was just interesting there was an
article in The New Yorker The New Yorker
being a high intellectual kind of a
publication and the publication is
talking about how people are easily
fooled by things right so it's an
article about people who are easily
fooled to believe things that aren't
true and somebody tweeted to me and said
they mentioned the fine people hoax I'm
like finally
finally a you know a high-end magazine
The New Yorker is finally writing a
piece where they exposed the fine people
hoax
you know it took a while but I figured
there would be more more high-end
publications coming around to the truth
turned out to be exactly the opposite
when I read it there were some
psychologists at Princeton
Betsy Levi Appellate who just received a
MacArthur Genius grant so it's a
Princeton University psychologist who is
also a certified meaning she got a
MacArthur grant genius that's actually
the word they used on the grant she's
actually called the genius and the
context is how easily people are fooled
and she believes the fine people hoax so
it's just used as an example of
something but it's mind-blowing that
somebody who's an expert at identifying
illusions believes the most easily
debunked illusion in the world it's
literally a video you can just watch it
you can read the transcript it's the
simplest most easily debunked thing in
the world alright so that was
interesting there is there was another
shooting incident and I'm not going to
name the person I'm not even going to
name the location you know and by the
way I've been I need some fact-checking
on this
I was watching fox news coverage first
when the shooting happened the recent
one and they did not mention the name of
the shooter is that true all over now is
it true that all of the media is not
naming the shooter does anybody have a
confirmation of that and has anybody
seen his name don't mention it if you've
seen his name I don't want I do not want
to see you here in fact I'll block you
if you mentioned it on this if you
mention it in the comments and you know
his name I'm gonna block you just so
know that I think we've gotten to a
smarter place now I don't think that
that's the one thing that's going to
make it to stop happening
because maybe we have to take it to the
next level and not covered is news how
many of you or somebody says they've
seen it man god that bothers me you know
it's a free country free speech so
certainly the news organizations have a
right to publish it but overseas is that
where you saw it you saw it in the Daily
Mail okay so maybe BBC gave it out so
there may be a different standard in the
United States well if our primary United
States now let's don't use his name I
would say that's progress
all right but there's a question that I
asked myself is the is the problem with
gun violence that doesn't look like it's
solvable along normal political lines it
seems to me that we're not really close
to having any kind of change with guns
that would actually make any difference
to this kind of crime and I wonder if
this is one of those cases and I'll give
you some other examples in which
technology can solve the thing which
politics kidnapper solve let me give you
some other examples there is a debate
about whether climate change is a big
deal or not such a big deal can't be
solved seems like we'll never agree on
whether it's a big deal or not a big
deal but technology can make the
question irrelevant because generation
four nuclear and even generation three
nuclear which we could do right away is
the right path no matter what you
believe so if you think climate change
is a problem go nuclear as hard as you
can if you think it's not a problem go
nuclear as hard as you can
because as economic reasons it's good
for the poor it's good for the economy
it's good for everything and the risk is
this minimal so so yeah they are
shutting down nukes but the point is we
do have a solution we still have to you
know be smart enough to use it I predict
we will be smart enough it might take a
little work to get there but that's an
example here's
example I think and another example oh
this is more of a question than an
example but it's maybe an example it
seems to me that we found a way to
identify people who are self
radicalizing either would be easy to do
that right somebody was looking at Isis
sites people who are typing messages
they have some kind of you know Pro
terrorist thing in them it seems like
anybody who's got a digital footprint
the government should be in a position
to detect them you know there's some of
them might be using encrypted apps or
whatever but even then I I sort of think
maybe we have a backdoor even into the
encrypted apps if they're American based
companies or even if they're not so it
seems to me that we may have already not
a hundred percent salt but going a long
way toward deprogramming
radicals who were being radicalized by
themselves essentially online I think we
figured out a way to deprogram people in
real-time now I can't prove that because
it's sort of the absence of information
I'm I'm not watching lots of terrorists
being radicalized in the United States
and then on top of that suppose I do get
radicalized I think based on the fact
that I'm not seeing a lot of terrorist
attacks in the homeland and you have to
assume I salute Eretz attacks in the
homeland Isis has no reason not to do
terrible things because they're losing
anyway it's not like they're winning but
so they must not be able and that
suggests that we have technology and
systems in place that are more effective
than maybe you guessed and knowing what
people are doing and stopping them so
here's the question ask myself could
there ever be a technology solution for
identifying and stopping crazy mass
shooters who are not terrorists so
there's no sense that these people care
about terrorism they just want to kill a
bunch of people they're just crazy
is there any technology that would
identify them before they did it I don't
know the answer that but let me
brainstorm a couple things maybe you
have some other ideas could you could
you create a mental health detector
could you could you if we and I'm not
saying this is practical so we're just
going through a brainstorming process
right now if you could force everybody
and we were not but if you could force
everybody to have an MRI every six
months could the MRI ever learn to
detect dangerous violent thoughts
forming that could actually turn into
violence maybe because we now have
technology that can read your actual
thoughts and form the picture in your
mind if you didn't know that you get a
big surprise coming technology can now
if they put you in a dark room and say
imagine a coffee cup we have sensors we
can put on your brain that will see the
coffee cup you're imagining in your head
did you know that we can do that now now
what happens if that technology improves
suppose we can do it passively what
happens when you can do it passively
let's say you're just walking through a
doorway into the mall and the frame of
the mall has a scanner in it it's faster
and you don't need permission it's just
scheduled all the way through
could we build scanners someday we're
not there but could we build scanners to
actually identify violent intention in
your brain yeah somebody's saying what
could possibly go wrong
so if you're saying it's not practical
it's illegal it's a violation of privacy
those are all all true I'm not
suggesting this is a practical idea I'm
just talking about the field of things
that are in play maybe somebody could
find a way to satisfy our legal privacy
personal rights and still get the
information maybe I'm not smart enough
to do it but the technology is
suggestive that we might be able to
directly detect it alright let's go to
another
so this is a separate idea suppose
suppose you couldn't buy a gun unless
you had a robust social media presence
think about you can't plug on unless you
have a social media presence and you've
got some number of friends I don't know
what the number is 25 50 it would be
easy to have 25 friends on Facebook it
would be easy to have 25 yeah mostly
Facebook let's say yeah let's look at it
to Facebook we'll keep it for that so
let's say you have to have a Facebook
account to buy a gun now would that be a
problem probably a lot of people would
resist but I mean let me just fill out
the thinking now for those of you are
saying Second Amendment right it's
absolute can't do anything to infringe I
hear you so you don't have to tell me
that again I understand that your
interpretation of the Constitution is
you just can't do anything to infringe
the right dog of God I get that we're
just walking through the possibilities
right because there might be something
that you would say oh okay that's so
harmless I could see that so just let me
see if I can feel my way to something
that is not offensive to your sense of
freedom because I'm I'm completely
cognizant of that here's here's the
thought suppose you had a system in
which if let's say I'll just pick a
number randomly let's say if 10 of your
Facebook friends hit a secret button to
report you as potentially dangerous
meaning with a weapon you know crazy
shooter kind of dangerous
have you noticed the number of these
crazy shooters were at least suspected
by their friends and family there were
friends and family who did you know kind
of get that these people might be a
little dangerous now suppose we had a
system where you could report somebody
anonymously your friend you could say my
facebook friend
acting a little dangerous in my opinion
Boop now the person who was reported
would not know who reported them it'd be
anonymous if one report comes in the
police would say yeah could be a troll
could be anything if perhaps three of
them come in from different sources
there might be some threshold where the
police say okay that's three separate
reports that the same person might be a
little dangerous
maybe we pay him a visit but paying a
visit might not be enough so I'm
thinking there could be some kind of a
detector which is human beings so the
human beings would be like the drug
sniffing dogs that would detect there's
some reason to be concerned but it's not
until the police get involved it makes a
difference now suppose and again I'm
just all I'm doing is suggesting things
so some people are saying there is a red
flag law I think that's slightly
different from what I'm saying but but
bear with me so I'll say if three people
report somebody as being dangerous
the police are authorized to monitor
their social media traffic and they have
some algorithms which they figured out
over time that people who do this and
this of this are very likely to become
shooters so then you'd have human beings
who said this is dangerous then you'd
have your technology and they would say
yep all the behaviors are dangerous then
maybe there's another escalation in
which again this is just brain storming
so let me put this out there suppose the
police came and said we know you have X
guns because you bought them recently
and you know you're on you're on our
database you need to put a tracker on
your LSA you need to put a gun lock on
your gun or something that maybe I don't
limits the number of rounds you know
maybe you're maybe you have to have some
kind of a technology that gives you
three rounds you know which would be
enough of something
comes into your house you know as a
burglar it wouldn't be enough if you
wanted to go kill up people in an office
so none of these ideas are good so those
of you saying no no not all of your
ideas are bad I know that I'm simply
brainstorming could there be a
technology they would accurately
identify bad people there would be some
the false positives any kind of a system
like that would guarantee that somebody
who was not going to be a shooter still
got still got their rights infringed now
let me ask you this would you be willing
suppose you can live in a world in which
I'll make up some numbers just for
hypothetical so we'll see in the
comments what you'd say suppose I could
and I know this is not possible but it's
just I pathetically suppose I could
eliminate mass shootings with it with
some kind of a system
I could eliminate them but the price of
that elimination is that point zero one
percent of gun owners would have
limitations put on their gun ownership I
don't know what those limitations look
like could be a technology that tracks
them could be their their communications
or monitored it could be their location
is monitored could be something like
that but could you live in a world where
99.99 people who own guns have no
restrictions beyond what we already have
before that point zero one they
definitely lose a little bit of Rights
could you live with that you know those
of you saying no I I respect it as a
matter of principle I do I suspect no
somebody says you said liberal and I
used to say I was left at Bernie until
he went bad I'll talk about him so
pretty much every law that we passed in
this country makes something a little
less free for somebody else
and you have to ask yourself how much of
a little bit of less free are you
willing to put up with to eliminate or
vastly reduce mass casualties think
about it
[Applause]
speaking of birdie I have famously said
for a long time that politically I call
myself left of Bernie except I'm better
at math so I know I know his programs
are impractical because he can't pay for
them and they would destroy the economy
etc but I like the fact that he has a
vision of you know free education he has
a vision of everybody having yeah access
to good healthcare at a reasonable price
etcetera so I like his visions I've
liked a lot about Bernie especially his
honesty compared to other politicians
you know I'm sure he's got his issues
but I have to admit until this week even
though I didn't think he would be a good
president I respected him I respected
his determination I respected how he's
moved our minds into you know sort of
different priorities I respected a lot
about him and indeed the last time he
ran I
I said that his campaign ad was the best
ad of the entire election and it was it
was a masterpiece do you remember the
one with the Simon and Garfunkel song
and everybody was screaming toward the
you know the picturesque the speaker at
the at the shore which was Bernie and
but he just put out his new campaign ad
in which he actually pushes the fine
people hoax again and I think to myself
every bit of goodwill you had just went
out the door when you became a racist
because let's be honest this is a sort
of racist to to push that at this point
now I'm using racist in the in the way
that Bernie would use it which is it
doesn't mean you're necessarily you know
a classically racist but you've
identified some group to demonize Bernie
has identified Republicans as a group to
demonize because of their support of
this president
and I don't know how you can get around
it even though he is a white guy it
looks racist to me because he's
demonizing the group I don't think he'd
get out of it just because of your
ethnicity all right let's see how about
Bill Maher said on talking about Joe
Biden last night switching the topic
yeah Bill Maher said I do worry I do
worry Morris and Beau Biden like I've
said about age it's individual some
people look pretty good Joe doesn't look
good it looks like he's on a coin which
is a pretty funny line so this is Bill
Maher who's concerned not only about
Joe's age and I have to say he does seem
too old to me and say that for a while
and then and then Bill Maher pointed out
that he worries that Joe Biden will be
you know touching a little girl the way
he did a few days ago you know a week
before the election and so in other
words Bill Maher has correctly
identified that Joe Biden couldn't
possibly win against Trump not under
current condition something big would
have to change for him to win I don't
think he has a chance and I think the
people on the left are really realizing
this and has something to do with what's
changing in the rankings you know you'll
see Elizabeth Warren is coming up
because even she would be more electable
than Biden and I don't think she could
get elected but she would be more
electable let's talk about Kanye West
was on Letterman's show and I'm gonna
use this anecdote to launch into my
little topic about how to program your
own mind and had a program other people
this is actually gonna be maybe some of
the most useful things you've ever heard
in your life so I'll start with Kanye on
Letterman so Kanye mentioned that he's
never voted in his life
I too have never voted one of the
benefits I say
you get by intentionally not voting oh
I'm sorry I have voted
I just don't vote now so I voted for
Jimmy Carter a long time ago I guess
that's what taught me I shouldn't vote
I'm too dumb to vote I learned that by
voting for Carter but so Kanye is if it
has not voted even more than I've not
voted now I do it intentionally because
it's a it's a trick I use to keep me
from having a team mentality and just
you know agreeing with my team all the
time
Kanye is one of the most famous people
who is not on the side do you think he
should be on you say hey Kanye you're
black so why are you not a Democrat why
are you not hating on President Trump
well it turns out that not voting as as
predictable as as I think it would be
helps Kanye probably probably it's not
the only thing that goes into his
decision-making but not voting probably
helps him a lot in being able to see the
you know the good and both sides and
sure enough that's what he's sort of
famous for in addition to his you know
incredible career he's also famous for
being a trump at least personally
support her as opposed to a policy
supporter and he can cross lines partly
because he's an artist but partly too it
definitely helps is not the full picture
but it definitely helps to not vote now
I think all of you should vote for
different reasons you invest you in the
system it makes the system work but just
personally I'm a person who talks about
politics and in public it's better if I
don't but here's what I'm getting to the
interesting part so Letterman responds
to Kanye saying he's never voted by
saying quote then you don't have a say
in this
so Letterman saying if you don't vote
you don't have a say in politics is that
logical that's not logical but I'll bet
a lot say I'm seeing it in the comments
somebody's agreeing with exactly says
Richard Richardson's exactly before you
agree with that like I have to warn you
I'm going to be mocking in a moment
could you point to where in the
Constitution where in the Constitution
does it say that if you don't vote you
lose your right of free speech did I
miss that line can somebody can somebody
point to that part of the Constitution
where people who don't vote lose their
freedom of speech I've I haven't seen it
is there a law did somebody write a law
that says if you didn't vote you you've
lost your right to talk about things in
public I don't I don't remember saying
that nowhere and somebody made an
interesting comment I'm gonna steal here
in the comments sent proxy voting I'm a
proxy voter meaning that at least 1500
people have told me I mean I've actually
did a poll online so I know it's over
1500 people told me that I caused them
to vote for jump because of the way I
explained his persuasion framing now if
I don't vote personally for a party it
doesn't bind me to a party but I still
influenced at least 1500 people
my guess is closer to a hundred thousand
because when you do a Twitter survey
you're just getting a you know some
small portion of people we haven't
answered the question probably I
influenced a hundred thousand people all
right so I certainly voted I think I I
think I voted about a hundred thousand
times more than you did just saying so
these things are not as simple as you
you think but here's my main point there
are things which we learned and this is
going to dovetail into my topic about
programming your brain we are programmed
at you in our youth to believe things
that are nonsense
I remember when I was in sixth grade my
my sixth grade teacher said come up to
the board you know one at a time we're
asked to come up to the it was a
blackboard at that
and write down something you would be
willing to die for and I still remember
I went up and I think I wrote her
freedom so I'm in sixth grade and I
wrote that I'd be willing to die for
freedom and I thought man I'm a star I'm
kind of you know I'm making my
classmates look sort of small because I
don't know what they said they'd be
willing to die for but I said freedom I
would be willing to die for freedom
here's what's wrong with that I was 12
years old my brain isn't even formed can
I make a decision about dying for
freedom at 12 years old I was just
brainwashed in retrospect when I look
back it's obvious that my answer was
just brainwashing if you'd said give me
the reason you know Scott 12-year old
Scott can you give me the reason that
you would die for freedom I didn't have
one I had literally been brainwashed and
I couldn't tell the difference between
the brainwashing and something that
seemed completely reasonable now
somebody's saying it's the right answer
had I been an adult
had I been an adult I might have given
the same answer I might have said as an
adult I would die for freedom but as an
adult I would at least have something
like a reason I would say for example
well our species has evolved so that
that men have more dangerous lives
because you know part of their role is
to do dangerous stuff such as protecting
and you know defending and fighting off
intruders and stuff like that and I'm
part of the class of human beings were
somewhat expendable and if I have to die
for the freedom of people who'll be
having babies and putting forth the
putting forth the you know I know
my genes then I'm willing to do that
because I've evolved into into a mindset
that makes me a creature that is willing
to die for my tribe right so in other
words there could
some adult way of understanding that
which you can say was logical but here's
my point at age 12 I didn't have any
thinking like that I had literally just
been brainwashed that I should die
literally died for a reason I didn't
even understand not at 12 and when
Leatherman said that if you if you if
you if Kanye didn't vote he doesn't have
a say that's not thinking that's not
adult thinking I don't think he is of
course you do you have a right to vote
you have a right to free speech they're
just different things Letterman was
stuck on a child brainwashing I know
would he call it a meme a belief so as
an adult he still had a child
brainwashing leftover a piece in his
brain
and I'm going to teach you how to make
those productively that little bit of
brain washing that Letterman still
maintained as an adult if you brainwash
yourself you can actually change your
brain into a more effective orally or a
less effective if you do it wrong
creature so I'm going to teach you that
in a moment let me give you an example
for my dog and Snickers if you have ever
tried to train a dog with treats you've
learned a lot about human beings because
humans are not that different from
animals when you're training them
meaning that there's a cause and effect
hey I'll do that for a treat until the
habit is formed my dog Snickers it was
trained somewhat accidentally that if I
hand her a treat with my fingers in my
hand it's delicious because when I trade
her I use delicious treats in my hand
that I give her by hand and she's as
learned that if sheets her regular food
and of her dish that's boring old dry
food that nobody would do a trick for
she trained herself accidentally I guess
I trained her but I didn't know I was
doing it that she won't we eat her dry
food from the dish unless I first picks
them up and handed to
as a treat well she will stand next to a
full dish of food while she's hungry
and won't eat it until like in right in
front of her I pick it out of the dish
take it from the dishwashers watching
and hold it in front of her transferring
that same foods that dry food into my
hand turns it into a treat and then
she's like all it's it's hand food now
come on give me a ha ha ha ha give me
some of that hand food right now
Snickers exactly like David Letterman is
just trained Letterman statement that
you don't have a say if you didn't vote
there's no logical connection to that
it's just hey if it's in your hand it
must be a treat that's all the thinking
Letterman was doing if it's in your hand
it must be a treat but he didn't know it
and by the way Letterman's a smart guy
right I'm not saying he's dumb
I'm saying that the way human brains
work is they form associations and the
association's overwhelm your your
logical faculties so I'm going to teach
you how to program your own brain and
also how to program other people now
this would be a conceptual level all
right but it'll be enough to get you
going and how to understand it and then
maybe you could dig down a little bit
maybe I'll talk more about it if you
want to follow up on it my two books
cover all of this material have it
failed almost everything and still win
big teaches you how to form systems
essentially how to program yourself and
then when Bigley is how to program other
people instead of persuading other
people but between the two of them
you'll see the framework that I'm giving
you now but also a lot more detail all
right
so here are some rules on programming
your own brain in no particular order
number one what you focus on will become
important to you and when it becomes
important to you you will notice
opportunities that you didn't notice
before
so this is what the concept behind
affirmations affirmations are
you either repeat to yourself or you
write down say 15 times a day it doesn't
matter how you do it it's just the focus
that matters it doesn't matter if you're
typing it doesn't matter if you're
writing it doesn't matter if you're
humming you're chanting it thinking the
words whatever it is if you're focusing
on it it's going to cause your brain to
be programmed over time to start
noticing things that can get you that
thing so if you said to yourself I'd
like to get have a career as a police
dispatcher just a rear you know random
weird thing let's say that was your goal
I wouldn't be a police dispatcher but I
don't know how to do it so you start
focusing on it thinking about it
chanting it and then one day you're
gonna say what what what did I just hear
I think I just heard somebody say that
they were a police dispatcher all that
let me go ask you a question and then
you find out how to be a police
dispatcher you can literally tune your
mind to notice opportunities that were
there all along but they weren't they
weren't programmed into your filter so
concentration and repetition of a very
specific end state gives you a different
brain it actually re-engineers your
brain to make it a sensor to pick up
opportunities that you couldn't see
before so that's your first trick the
things you focus on in terms of your
intentions and your your your ambitions
that Tunes your brain to get them what
doesn't turn your brain to get what you
want is every now and then somebody says
what do you like and you say well yeah
I'd like sure like to win the lottery or
you know I'd like to be like to be the
CEO a fortune 500 company but then you
don't think about it again you don't do
anything about it the other thing that
focusing on your goal does is it makes
it a priority in a way that it wasn't
before you spend all your time thinking
about it so if something is priority
you'll put more work into it you'll take
more sacrifice you will sacrifice you
know you'll you'll arrange your schedule
for it etc so making something
are important to your own brain is
reprogramming you can take something
that you think is a pretty good idea and
talk yourself into thinking it's a great
idea just by focusing not obsessing on
it writing you down and thinking about
it that's how you tune your brain that's
just part of what we're what we're doing
so let's rule on focus and intention by
the way the the word intention I got
that from Marc Benioff who founded
Salesforce and is worth many billions of
dollars he's a user
he's a special kind of a mind anyway in
a good way
here's another tip mental shelf space
your brain can handle just so many
things as a point of focus and just so
many things you can think about during
the day if you don't fill it up with
things you want to think about it will
fill up with other things and those
other things might be bad thoughts they
might be counterproductive they might
make you sad they might make you sick
and so one of the things that I
recommend is to always fill your own
shelf space and don't let it get filled
accidentally if you don't fill your own
mind it will get filled because you
can't not think it is impossible to turn
off your thoughts I mean in a practical
sense during the day you can't turn off
your thoughts unless you're a pretty
drunk
so fill it up with as many good thoughts
as you can one of the things I try to do
on this periscope is I try to give you
some things that'll make you feel good
some things that'll teach you something
if you if you learn something you get
this little dopamine hit or some kind of
pleasurable hit I don't know if it's
dopamine per se but learning something
useful gives you a little ah
so fill it up just pack it if you have
trouble sleeping I'm going to give you
I'm going to give you a thought
that you may wish you never heard
because I might be reprogramming you
here in a moment this might actually be
so powerful that I'm almost hesitant to
say it I'm gonna make a direct
suggestion if you don't want to hear
this you probably want to turn off the
sound I'll tell you what I'll raise my
hand when I'm done saying it okay so if
you don't want to hear or you sort of do
I'll keep my hand up while I'm saying
the thing that some of you might not
want to hear all right if you want to be
better as sleeping okay here it is when
my hand goes down you can turn the you
can turn the sound back on if you'd like
to be better as sleeping here's a
thought here's the thought I used to
tell myself this at night when I
couldn't if I couldn't sleep I would say
if I can't get to sleep I haven't worked
hard enough try that if you're having
trouble sleeping at night tell yourself
while you're laying there unable to
sleep if I can't sleep tonight I
probably haven't worked hard enough now
when I say work hard enough I mean both
exercise and you know the kind of work
that your brain does you know brain work
and hand em all right so those of you
who had the sound off it's such a
powerful thought that I actually have a
I have an ethical barrier there because
that thought is so strong when you first
hear it it might mean nothing but if you
start thinking about it it's gonna
reprogram your brain and you're gonna
act in a way that I think is productive
but that's up to you all right here's
another thought brains are Association
machines they are not logic machines our
brains can do logic sort of sometimes
some people
we have the the minimal ability to be
rational but we're not good at it mostly
we are association machines so when I'm
training my dog I say if you do what I
want you get this delicious treat so the
dog associated to the treat and there's
no thought pattern if you asked the dog
why the dog is doing it if the dog could
think like a human they would say well
I'm just making this human happy it's
how I get a treat but it's not like that
that's the rationalization after the
fact we are simply association machines
and pattern recognition machines as
somebody's saying in the comments so if
you want a new kind of behavior you
should treat yourself like a dog meaning
give yourself a treat so I wrote about
this in how to fail one of the habits
that I've developed is that when I work
out I always have a delicious protein
shake and always give myself a little
time in the snack bar at the gym to to
read the news and enjoy my you know just
enjoy my downtime it's like my little
very enjoyable private quiet time after
I've just exercise so my body feels good
my mind feels good I have this delicious
flavor and that's good and it's not the
only reason I exercise you know I don't
exercise just because I you know I have
a nice treat at the end but it's part of
the package of things I do to make
exercising palatable and easy and I work
at it over time to make sure that it's
part of my habit so always give yourself
some kind of treat for something that
you want to get yourself to do so you're
actually programming yourself like a dog
and you are this simple you don't want
to think you're this simple but you are
give yourself a treat you're just an
animal treats work next
the other way we're association machines
is this is something I learned from my
hypnosis instructor and I put it in my
book and a lot of people said this
really really made a difference there
are those days when you don't want to
exercise but you know you should you
have the time you you know you should
exercise but your body just can't do it
but or really it's your brain your brain
can't talk you into exercising so if you
can't talk yourself into doing something
big like exercising talk yourself into
the smallest thing you can do that will
get you a little bit pregnant meaning
something that will get you on a path
toward changing your mind
so don't go from I don't want to do it
too I do want to do it it's too big you
can't do that it's too far go from I
don't want to do it too well I could do
this and this is put on your exercise
clothes when you put on your footwear
for exercise you know your your sneakers
your tennis shoes whatever when you put
them on if you're like most people and
you don't wear them every day just
putting on your exercise clothing will
cause an association just like the dog
and the trait the association will
instantly reprogram your mind into
exercise mode you have to try this to
know that it's real now I'm not saying
it's like you know it'll turn you into a
zombie you can't make decisions I'm just
saying that we are Association machines
and if you can't get to the gym change
your association put on the clothes that
are associated with a gym and watch how
quickly that takes you down the path now
the next thing you do is if you somebody
says is real I just did it
yeah so a lot of people have gotten back
to me and said oh yeah that totally
changed my exercise ability just that
one little trick now the next thing you
should do is give yourself permission to
do the smallest workout in the world
here's the smallest workout in the world
and by the way I do this workout the
exact one I'm going to explain maybe six
times a year the smallest workout in the
world
you put on your gym clothes and in my
case I go to a gym in my car and I go to
my car and then I drive to the gym and I
sit in the parking lot and I can't get
out of the car I'm actually too tired
today it's just not going to work and
then here's the important part I Drive
home that's it that's the shortest
workout in the world I just drove to I
walked to my car and I walked back from
my car that was in my garage that was my
entire workout plus putting on my
working clothes now if you say to
yourself I am now a failure because I
wanted to exercise that night did not
you're in the wrong mindset right those
of you know where I'm going
you're already handed me the right
mindset is that you have a habit and
your habit is you're going to do what
you can to get to the gym X days a week
if you if you maintain might if that
bell rings again I might have to shut
this off do this if Christina doesn't
get the door
but if I haven't lost my train of
thought
oh so the point is that what you should
be shooting for is a system and a set of
habits about exercising if you can fix
your brain to have a set of habits which
is okay I always do this I know how to
get myself in the mood by putting on my
clothes etc and then I'm gonna drive to
the gym even if I don't feel like I can
workout allow yourself to just drive
home and call it a victory because it is
the victory is that you kept your habit
intact that's the that's it get your
system to work because if only six times
a year I Drive to the gym sit in the
parking lot and then say all right it's
just not happening today and drive home
I never call that a bad day I call that
complete success because it tells me my
system is so strong it will actually get
my lazy ass body to the gym across town
what I really don't want to it's that
strong so that's what you want to shoot
for
if you
ever have that experience of going all
the way to the gym walking in the front
door and saying not today and turning
around and walking out the door just
know that I I think you're awesome all
right if you can ever have that day you
are killing it and by the way ask I
would challenge you to ask any exercise
expert to validate what I'm telling you
ask your exercises expert if you go to
the gym once in a while and just turn
around and walk back home will your
exercise experts say that you are a
failure that day guaranteed not not your
exercise expert is gonna say you are a
superstar because you went all the way
to the gym with a body that didn't want
to workout and tomorrow you'll go to the
gym and you work out all right
so developing habits however you can do
it through repetition through giving
yourself a reward we are we are
association in sort of habit machines
right so so usually use associations to
create habits and let the habit
reinforce itself here's another thing
that humans do is they create fake
reasons we're not really rational
creatures and you can see that on every
political conversation the conversation
is about politics sometimes or about
different let's say ethical standards
sometimes about different information
but most of the time we have the same
standard standards for ethics largely
and we have the same information and we
still disagree on what we're saying
we're seeing two movies on one screen as
I say and we live in a world in which
fake reasons for our own actions are
common if you say why do you support
candidate X somebody will give you a
reason but once you're a hypnotist and
you learn you know persuasion you
realize that the reasons that people
give for their actions are made-up
concocted fake reasons the
they're just papering over the fact that
they don't have reasons they have a
feeling I feel like I'm on this team and
so I'm biased or thinking they're
candidate and what they do is all good
that's the real reason but if you ask
them they'll say some bizarre sounding
rational reasons like well I've decided
that the economy will go up to 0.2%
because historically bubbeleh so people
are full of fake reasons once you
realize that you can program yourself
with a fake reason you have a new tool
you can actually convince yourself to do
the right thing with fake reasons I call
it the fake because and by the way
science backs this so you so we know
that if people give a fake reason that
even other people will respond to it
like it made sense and the book
influence gives examples or studies to
show that so if you don't have a good
reason to do something that you know you
ought to do let's say working harder all
right
so let's say what you want to do is work
harder on some specific objective give
yourself a fake reason I'm gonna work
harder because it's part of my exercise
routine I'm gonna work harder because
it'll help me sleep I'm gonna work
harder because I want to I want to
impress my parents I'm gonna work harder
because I think it'll help me in mating
I'm gonna doesn't matter why give
yourself a fake reason even one that you
know is a little sketchy the weird part
about this is I think most of you are
resisting probably if this is a new
topic to you you're probably resisting
you're saying why would I lie to myself
that's the phrase some issues I lie to
myself how's that gonna work when I know
it doesn't make sense here's the strange
part it does work just as well if you
don't believe it you don't even need to
believe it you can say to yourself
that's a rational but I'm just
myself I'm doing it for the afterlife
and doing it to win in a war whatever
doesn't matter just give yourself a
reason you will you will find that that
fake reason is an organizing principle
even if you know it's fake it's one of
the greatest powers you can learn is
that we're not rational beings well we
can program be programmed with this
pseudo pseudo logic to get someplace you
know you want to go all right
repetition of course is important I've
mentioned that and everything I'm doing
so whether it's filling your shelf space
or developing a habit or going to the
gym or giving yourself a treat or
focusing on something it doesn't matter
what it is no matter what it is do it a
lot the more you repeat it's the
repetition that makes it part of the
programming of your brain you should
have visual use of visual imagination to
help you get what you want you want to
try to imagine it in your brain the
outcome you want as specifically or as
generally as you can you will it's
probably better if you see all the
variations and how you can get what you
want when I was young I used to
visualize that I would be presenting
something I didn't know what in front of
large audiences now think about that I
didn't I didn't do anything in my life
for my entire you know college etc that
would prepare me in any direct way to be
a public presenter of anything but I
focused on it my whole life and thought
about it and thought of standing in
front of a crowd usually on the stage
but technology allows me to do it this
way and and Here I am there's a big
coincidence probably not because you'll
find many many cases you know I don't
have a study to support it but the
people who focus on something and
visualize it and the visual is the part
I'm emphasizing here our visual sense is
our dominant mental process
were conscious of and if you can put
into a visual the thing you want so much
more powerful in route broke
reprogramming your own brain to to be
the filter you want it to be you want to
do that it's more powerful to have a
vision of you in front of a group than
it would be to have a concept such as I
would like to have a one-to-many
relationship in which my economic
well-being is related to the number of
people in my audience eyes right that
would be a perfectly rational goal that
would have no ability to program you
okay here's another example and I'm
modeling this right now I showed you in
my periscope yesterday that I've decided
to monetize the YouTube feed of this
when this gets downloaded it gets
uploaded into YouTube in an hour so look
for the phrase real coffee WA Scott
Adams real coffee with Scott Adams just
Google that you can find it easily but
that small amount of monetization which
I showed you it's literally a few
hundred dollars per month feels to me
like a treat just like my dog gets a
treat for doing the trick I get a few
hundred dollars for doing a periscope
and I really feel good about it
and I tell myself Scott there's no way
that this small amount of money compared
to my vast wealth will have any impact
on me I mean I like to think maybe it
would get bigger someday that'd be great
but it doesn't need to I mean I'm doing
fine so the fact that my logical my
logical brain says that this little bit
of monetization this little bit of money
that people give me on patreon this you
know there's these minor donations
people make $1 $5 that people make on my
own app interface by wind hub allows you
to to donate those things absolutely
programming so you people who are saying
hey I would like to encourage you to do
more of this stuff it works I swear to
god people who give me a dollar and
that's actually the most
donation is one dollar or one dollar a
month on patreon or on my app interface
by window that dollar absolutely changes
how I feel because I get a notice for
every every donation I get an email or a
notice on patreon and I can look at it
and I look at the name I see that a
person a real living person took their
time to find the app figured out how to
donate push the button and gave me a
dollar and I look at that person's name
and I get this little dopamine rush for
a dollar for one dollar I get a dopamine
rush like and and it causes me to have
more enthusiasm to put a little more
energy into this to to care more alright
so you are programming me the same way
my dog same way my dog is gets
programmed by me alright so those are
the ways to program yourself you want to
any behavior that you want to do
associate it with something positive and
associated in your mind let me let me
put this in concrete terms a lot of
people have trouble sleeping here's how
you use all these techniques to sleep a
better I mentioned before that if you
can't sleep there's a phrase to say to
yourself but I'm not going to say that
now that was only for the people who
wanted to hear here's some other tricks
the experts on sleep will tell you don't
do anything in your bed
except sleep and have sex that's really
good advice because you are an
association machine you're not a logical
machine you're not a person who starts
out with a lot of energy and gets tired
you are that but that's not the
important thing here you you don't go to
sleep just because it's time to go to
sleep you go to sleep because the
situation is right and if you train
yourself that you watch TV or read a
book or something do it for bet that's
what you'll be training yourself to do
you'll be training yourself to stay
awake and doing those things if you
train yourself this sleep
is nothing but sleep you can be asleep
much faster they also teach you that if
you can't sleep let's say if you can't
sleep and you know that it's not
happening
don't try to sleep because then you've
associated sleeplessness with your bed
never ever associate sleeplessness with
your bed if you could have if you can do
it the only thing you want to associate
with your bed is sex asleep that's it
so the experts say that if it's if it's
2 a.m. and you can't sleep get out of
bed walk around don't have coffee you
don't wake yourself up don't look at a
screen if you can avoid it but just wake
up just walk around and then 15 minutes
later
try it again alright and if that doesn't
work maybe you walk around another 15
minutes but don't spend a lot of time
not sleeping in your bed because not
sleeping in your bed is training you to
be in bed and uh sleep somebody's
prompting me about the dark yes
complete darkness will trigger your body
and mind to sleep light will do the
opposite so the more you can darken your
room the better darken it document
document so that's that's an association
but it has a very real biological cause
and effect so always do that I have
black at machines in my bedroom so and
then mental shelf space I know a lot of
people who can't sleep because they
start thinking about all the things they
have to do the next day do you know how
and and I think women have this problem
more than men although that might just
be a sexist generalization because I see
it in movies and on TV but regardless of
gender I'm not going to assume that it's
more women than men with a sa that's
maybe that's just a socially people say
that I don't know if that's
scientifically true but the point is if
you're worried about all the things you
have to do tomorrow you're going to have
trouble sleeping but it's hard to not
think about things right how do you not
think about
shelf space you can't not think about
something the only thing you can do is
fill your space with something more
interesting so think of something that's
more interesting than what you're doing
tomorrow ideally something imaginary you
know going to the beach maybe you're
thinking about your great future maybe
you're thinking about sex maybe you're
thinking about your favorite hobby think
about something to fill your shelf space
so that you can't think about the things
that are giving you sleepless thoughts
so those are some of the some of the
techniques not all of them I think that
that's probably all you need to know for
now yeah somebody's saying prayer and I
would not be surprised if prayer worked
I've never tried it but I'm sure it's
great all right I hope you like this let
me know in the comments actually I'm
going to turn it off now I got to do
something else but I will talk to you
later