boom boom boom boom Popo
well I don't know how many of you were
gonna join me today versus still
watching the coverage of the president
announcing the successful operation
against El Baghdady
who I call L beg daddy because he's kind
of dead we'll talk about that but first
we're gonna have the simultaneous it
yeah the simultaneous sip is always good
it's the best part of your day in fact
but today a little extra because we're
going to be lifting our vessels are our
containers to a successful operation to
the US military who carried this out
it's an excellent day oh I'm sorry your
house is about to burn down and he'll
yield Hillsborough that well that's
that's a mood-killer very sorry about
that we're going to talk about that a
minute but first let us capture whatever
pleasure we can today all you need is a
copper of Margaret glasses snifter Stein
chalice tanker thermos flask canteen
Grail goblet a vessel of any kind
shoulder with your favorite liquid I
prefer coffee and join me now for the
simultaneous up the dopamine to the day
the thing that will make everything
better unless you live in California
apparently here it goes
oh well you probably all are aware of
the big news us our forces just took out
el Baghdady and we watched the president
talking about it here's my favorite part
the president described in visual and
audio detail al Baghdadi whimpering and
crying and cowardly taking his three
children to their death
at the end of a tunnel there's a serious
wind event going on right here I'm gonna
take you outside in a minute
to show you what's going on in
California and why we're in trouble but
let me finish this point I mean it's
actually so noisy out there with the
wind it's it looks like there's a
hurricane going on out there
so here's my observation about that
number one how in the world does anyone
including the president know what what
Baghdady was doing at the end of a
tunnel before he blew himself up because
we know that no American forces were
injured
right so no American service people were
injured yet we are aware what Baghdadi
did at the at the end of a tunnel before
he blew himself up because the blowing
himself up part would tell you that
there couldn't have been any American
service people too close yeah so one
possibility is that we had a drone or a
robot they've followed him down the
tunnel but there's another yeah
somebody's added me on the comments
there was a dog that was injured the dog
probably had a camera so I've got a
feeling that the President of the United
States was watching the dog cam chase al
Baghdady down in a tunnel and that you
know maybe the dog was ordered to pull
back or something just before the at the
blast so it got injured but not killed
so congratulations to the dog good job
dog here's what I love about this we
don't know exactly if the President did
have good audio and video of the moments
before Baghdady debt died but here's
what else we know nobody else did right
if the president says Baghdady was
whimpering and crying and killed his own
three kids
voluntarily who is going to disagree
nobody else saw it how perfect is it
that the president left Isis with this
little little farewell gift and the gift
that he left them it's really scary
outside right now I'm not joking
the wind is dangerous sounding but the
the gift that that Trump left Isis is a
visual description a story if you will
of his final moments now is that story
accurate we'll never know I mean unless
it seems unlikely but I suppose if
someday we saw a video from a dog cam or
a robot or something I mean maybe maybe
we'll find out exactly what happened but
I don't think it matters what matters is
that Trump drew a picture for the entire
world of the Isis leader being chased by
a dog into a tunnel and willingly
blowing up his own 3 children while
whimpering that's really good that is
some good presidenting for all the
things that you want to say about the
president that you know you think he did
wrong can he give me this ok can we
agree on this this was kind of perfect
he kind of nailed us not only was he the
president and gave the orders to find el
Baghdady and you know realistically it's
the military who's doing the heavy
lifting
it's it always strikes me as I don't
know a little illegitimate that Obama
took credit for killing al Qaeda it's
not you know much different Trump taking
credit for at least in a sense taking
credit as being the cheat the the head
of the army
you know so let's be honest it's the
military that gets these things done
it's not the civilian government they
just say yes but this is an amazing
moment and I think the president handled
it perfectly in terms of just putting
the the final urination on Baghdadi
Baghdadi's grave by telling the story
the way he did
it's the we don't have a competing story
we only have one visual in her head and
it's why each of us imagined when he
told us the story of him going down this
dead-end tunnel with his three kids and
the suicide vest I mean he painted a
picture for us that picture will never
leave your head and maybe here's the fun
part maybe it's not even true I mean it
might be true it might be exactly what
happened he may have seen the whole
thing but it doesn't matter because
whether it was exactly true or let's say
a hyperbolic persuasive version of what
he'd like you to think were the last
minutes I'm not sure that matters
because there will be no competing
competing story nobody else was there
so this president nailed the you know
the description of what happened that's
just as hard as you can nail something
you can't you know you could you could
have a hundred nail guns and you
couldn't nail anything harder than that
now I'm already hearing some what's a
cautious criticism of the president's
announcement because there was some
worry that he may have gone too far and
giving out some details that would give
I know some enemy of the country an
advantage I don't know exactly what
there were several things he said which
I said to myself I wonder if everybody
else knew that you know one of the
examples was that we knew a lot about
the tunnel structure
did we necessarily want anybody to know
that we knew the tunnels total structure
now it seems to me the only way you
could know that is that you had people
on the ground you had human intelligence
sources but they're either gone now or
they died in the raid so I'm not sure
there was any secret to give up it had
to be people and and it's not like
anybody doesn't know you you try to get
people on the ground so I didn't see
anything that I necessarily would say
the president went too far and
describing what we did but you certainly
on the edge he certainly took it to the
edge what what are the things about
Trump is it it's impossible for him to
be uninteresting have you noticed that
whatever he talks it doesn't even matter
what the topic is you're watching it and
you're entertained and you're thinking
god this could go off the rails any
minute he could say something that would
end his presidency any minute where he
could say something that will just
change the news any minute so any time
the president is talking he has this
unusual ability to make everybody wonder
if something gonna happen now is there
something really bad or something really
good is something gonna happen now
this doesn't feel normal it's gonna
happen all right as all the experts are
saying Isis of course has more than one
leader they can replace him but I always
I always say this there was only one guy
who had whatever it took to form Isis
and create a Caliphate for a while and
kill all those people there was only one
guy who pulled that off now if that one
guy didn't exist would someone else have
done it I don't know I I mean I think
you have to say to yourself if Steve
Jobs had not created Apple was somebody
else gonna do it don't know maybe
somebody else would have done something
like it maybe but you always have to
wonder how important
could it be that once you take get rid
of the most talented player that the
second most talented person who takes
over might not be even the same league
it could be that the second best Isis
guy just isn't very good
we won't know but I would say that it's
true that if you start killing them from
the top and work your way down the odds
of them ending up with an incompetent
leader just by you know a trophy and and
you know the normal course of things the
odds of them ending up with somebody who
just can't get the job done of being
Isis it's pretty good it's pretty good
now of course the big question that
everybody's asking about the death of
Baghdad is will Hillary Clinton get in
the race to head Isis okay I could
resist that there are questions about
our allies who help to do it in
interestingly the Kurds are taking
credit for being helpful and I think the
president has confirmed that to be the
case so that's interesting
apparently the Kurds in the u.s. worked
together productively and Turkey was
either uninvolved or just gave us
permission to fly over and didn't do
much about anything but the president
had this weird sort of unscripted moment
when he said that Turkey you know could
have been shooting at us but because we
crossed their territory I guess or we're
sort of in their zone of military
influence he said they could have shot
at us but that it would have been really
bad for them I'm paraphrasing I'm
thinking I don't know I don't know if
you needed to mention that's I don't
think you need to mention that if our
NATO ally ally shot at us we would wipe
them out but he did but he did I can't
hate that
it's so honest well you are our NATO
ally what if he'd shot in our direction
we would have wiped you out because it's
true if turkey had shot at any military
forces we would have taken him out in a
heartbeat
so it's just funny to hear him say it in
direct language yeah their NATO ally but
we would have taken him out because it's
true all right let's talk about some
other things here along with this so
Trump is talking about using military
forces to secure the oil fields in Syria
and the whole time you saying this there
was a question that was percolating in
my head that the news for some reason
didn't seem to be interested in
answering or even asking which is for
whom I mean that's part of the story the
US forces are securing the oil wells in
a part of Syria for who for Syria for
Russia for the Kurds for us and then
today he gave a little information to
this the president yet and it was
striking that I don't think the press
ever asked that question at least I
never saw a report did you I mean I
can't say I've seen every report ever
made unserious and maybe I just missed
it
but it feels like sort of a big question
we're gonna send our military to control
some oil assets in another country this
is the natural question why did we do it
just for the Kurds
now if we did it for the Kurds that's
pretty nice of us because the Kurds were
good allies we let them down in terms of
you know the turkey taking over the
territory but we also hadn't made
promises about that at least in terms of
you know Turkey and the safe zone I
don't think we had promised the Kurds a
homeland but by securing the oil and
making apparently making some of it or
all of it or something some part of it
available to the Kurds that's pretty
good that's that's not nothing now the
president also said that he might be
interested in making it available to an
American oil company to which I said to
myself what how does that work
can we just militarily take over a part
of someone else's country and then give
it to an American oil company is that a
thing we can do I remember the president
talking about that with Iraq he said why
don't we just take the oil and pay for
the war and I remember thinking hi you
can't do that can you maybe you can so
here he is in Syria and he's just saying
we're just going to take this oil and
maybe keep it for ourselves now I ask
myself if we take this oil and decide
that we're gonna continue guarding it
forever I would suppose so the Exxon can
pump it out are we going to keep any is
the United States government can use any
of that profit to pay for its military
in that area could we get to the point
where our military presence is
self-funding because we we own the oil
that's fueling our military presence if
we did it would be one of the coolest
things that were all right have all of
you seen my photoshop work in which I
took a picture of James clapper and I
turned his famous frown upside down just
to see what it would look like if he
smiled for once I think it's got
something like 350,000 views since
yesterday
I spent all of a minute and a half on
that and it's got 350,000 views so I
must have hit a nerve there so go check
my Twitter feed you
from yesterday and you'll see clapper
with an upside-down smile
so I there's a comic running today a
Dilbert comic it's my Sunday comic and
it features the boss saying that he made
a deal with elbonia elbonia is a
mythical country that I used in the
comic strip so I don't have to refer to
real companies he made a deal and Dilber
points out that they steal all of his
company's intellectual property and they
also ship illegal drugs to our country
the elbonian stoom killing thousands of
our countrymen but we're still doing
them a deal now
that might remind you of some country
you know so let's see what happens do
you think China will complain about the
Dilbert comic which doesn't mention
China it only mentions elbonia it kind
of puts them in a spot doesn't it
because if they complain about a comic
about elbonia they would be forced to
admit that that comic explains what
they're doing which I think they'd
prefer not so I think they have to
ignore it because complaining about it
would draw attention to it right and
because it because it draws attention to
it now let me tell you that I have some
business in China as well indirectly
meaning that the Dilbert comic is
syndicated which means that the
syndication company sells it all over
the world and the last I knew there was
at least one English newspaper in China
that that bought the strip's
so I have some small amount of business
in China that I'm happy to lose my my
syndication company would be less happy
to lose it I'm sure but if that happens
as so it might be an expensive day for
me
we'll see and I would not
that I'll ever sell another book in
China I have sold books a lot of books
in China and I don't think that's ever
going to happen again so so it's
expensive to say what's on your mind but
I like to keep the pressure on
fentanyl China or as I like to call them
Louisa Lee cheat in China so there's
also as a story I'm seeing mostly on Fox
News about Chinese organ harvesting that
there that they may or may not be
harvesting the organs of still living
prisoners of a small religious sect sort
of they would call it a cult probably
now here's the thing do you think that's
real do you think that's real I'm gonna
lean toward not real now I would not be
surprised I would not be surprised if it
had happened at least once so if you
tell me that some prisoners have been
used for organ donation but perhaps they
were you know going to be executed
anyway I would say probably why waste a
good organ I mean I don't
I'm not even sure I have a big problem
with the idea that China was using the
organs from people they were going to
execute anyway so long as those were
real crimes I mean if it wasn't a real
crime then of course it's a horror but
if there were murderers or whatever and
they were gonna be executed it anyway
you know why waste some organs so I
would guess here's just my speculation
based on what I know about the world and
things we've seen in patterns we've seen
before but just speculation that there's
probably something to it meaning that
even if you were even if the only thing
you were doing is using the organs from
executed prisoners that's sort of a bad
situation
because it would encourage them to maybe
execute more people than they would
why's because it could be profitable it
might be really profitable to execute
people if you can sell their organs and
who knows what kind of corruption pay
back bribes or involved in the prison
system / medical community whatever so
there's probably something real to it I
just don't know that it's an ongoing you
know keep them alive while you're taking
their organs that was situation or not
so here's a question to you do you
remember it wasn't long ago that I was
talking about the word grifter came into
heavy usage with the anti-trump purse
they were calling they were calling me a
grifter just about every day they were
calling other Trump supporters grifters
they were calling the president a
grifter and it's not my imagination
right it was all over social media
everybody's a grifter you're a grifter
grifter and you may remember that I I
set it as my goal to make that word go
away and the way I was gonna do it was
by just overusing the word against my
critics and that word just went away
have you noticed that it just stopped
being on social media I mean you still
see it but when you do now it's rare and
it used to be just sort of every day now
here's my question was it because it
didn't work so people just stopped using
it and moved on to other talking points
because I think this was mostly paid
trolls I don't know how many of these
were real people and how many were
trolls but that grifter word was just
used all the time and then it just
stopped is it because of me wearing it
out is it because of a hunter Biden it
might be that the hunter Biden story is
what killed the word grifter because you
know before hunter Biden you could say
Oh Trump Trump child grifter grifter
grifter
but after hunter Biden you had to throw
him in the story he had to be part of
the story if you were gonna call Trump a
grifter for
whatever somebody's gonna say have you
heard of Joe Biden the guy who's leading
on your side so I don't know if I had
anything to do that well I don't know if
it timed out I don't know if the talking
points changed maybe they tested it they
meaning the left
maybe they tested it the professionals
did and found out it didn't move the
needle but probably the hunter Biden
thing might be the biggest part so I
just went away
here's another one that was a gigantic
issue that let me ask you if this is
your impression does it seem to you that
the the way climate change is being
talked about right now is substantially
different than even a few months ago
have you noticed that and could it be
because there's now enough there are
enough of Advocates you know I'm one of
them
you know Mark Snyder Michael
Shellenberger Bill Gates there are a
number of people who are sort of
prominent in the sense that they make a
lot of noise I don't want to call myself
prominent but I make a lot of noise
people saying that nuclear energy is the
way to go whether you believe in climate
change or not and then it's totally
practical and that will probably get
there now do you think that that calmed
down the hysteria it feels like the
hysteria settle down maybe it's because
the 16 year old Greta
Sundberg she made her to her and then
she she left so maybe that she was the
reason we were getting more attention
but it feels as though there's some kind
of a sudden change where the leading
Democrats are still talking about
climate change of course but it feels
like it went from the top priority to
well just something you mentioned so
that's just something to watch because
the the nuclear energy play as
a solution to climate change and even if
you don't believe in it you still want
as much of it as possible because you
still need a clean energy maybe it just
made this story less important we'll see
so I'd be interested
oh so yesterday I had a guest on so
James came on and we were talking about
Trump and his views of Trump it might
confuse the Trump and I was I want to
ask you your opinion on it because I'm
trying to decide to have more guests to
to bring James back just trying to get a
get a sense of how that went over
because when I was talking with him I
was listening primarily and not watching
the comments so I didn't have a good
sense of how the audience was reacting
was it useful to you that I was using
the techniques in my new book loser
think that's available for pre-order
right now it'll be out November 5th so
if you order it now you'll get it in
time and I hope you do by the way so
please buy my book it would make me very
happy was it useful to you for me to
point out using the techniques in the
book when as I was talking with James
when he was word thinking just trying to
label something you know he's a con man
but without any backup you know that's
the word thinking part and then the
mind-reading I call that his
mind-reading a number of times and and
you saw that that was fairly effective
wasn't it whenever I called out that he
was mind-reading it made him almost
necessarily have to you know scramble to
present a better defense and I think I
also pointed out that he was in a bubble
bubble he was in one of these bubbles
because he actually claimed that he was
pretty sure he was so sure that there
was no new wall being built on the
border with Mexico that he actually
challenged me to Google
live while we're here and of course it
took me 10 seconds to google that
Sandhya was built a bunch of wall since
then people have tweeted me a lot of
stories showing you know how many miles
of wall have been built but alright you
kind of amazed that there's somebody who
is a political advocate social advocate
lawyer Harvard trained and very smart
guy obviously you don't go to Harvard if
you're not but are you were you shocked
and amazed there's something that's a
hundred hundred percent universal
knowledge
probably to every single person watching
this periscope I'll bet there wasn't one
person on this periscope
now there's two point four thousand
people live about all two point four
thousand of you were fully aware that
there is serious wall being built on the
border primarily or maybe exclusively I
don't know but in places where there
were always some kind of barrier but it
wasn't a good one so it wasn't working
now obviously that's where you want to
put your wall first because the reason
there was a barrier there before is
because it was already identified as an
important place that people across so
putting a good barrier where there was a
bad barrier would make sense as the most
important place to do it so it's
happening you know hundreds of miles and
how could there be somebody who's
watching the news who's not aware of
that and the answer is if you watch only
the news from the left and it works the
other way too if you're watching only
the news on the right you're in a bubble
you don't know the news that's not being
reported on your side so that was
interesting so here's the question yeah
I got I got different comments on that
would you like to see James come back if
you saw yesterday would you like to see
him come back for another topic
you know something similar in the news
or other people with the same kind of
arguments I just want to get get some
kind of an opinion from you now I want
to I want to defend James a little bit
from some of your comments number one
how brave is it that he came into
unfriendly territory and you know made
his case very brave and how many people
could have done that could you have done
that I talk in in my book loosely think
I talked about the importance of being
able to use your ego as a tool and not
at not a description of who you are
now if James thought that his ego was
who he is would he put himself at risk
by coming into unfriendly territory
where you know sort of things were
stacked against him now he probably
wouldn't have you probably would not
have so you can judge just based on this
one interaction that James has the
ability to put his ego where it belongs
you know in the tool box not as an
identity of who he is and he just used
it as a tool he said today today I'll
set it aside and go into unfriendly
territory and mix it up now many of you
because you're you're sort of biased in
my favor because that's why you're here
and this periscope that there's no
surprise so most of you thought Oh Scott
you got the best of this conversation
don't you think he knew that that was
gonna be the reaction he knew that right
I mean I'm sure he didn't think I'm I
can't I can't read his mind but it's
reasonable to assume that when you go
into enemy territory politically enemy
territory that you're gonna take some
hits gonna take some hits
now what do you think is his reaction
because now by now he's seen lots of
tweets he's probably saw he's probably
seen the comments I don't know if he
played it back but he's probably seen
your comments
a lot of them were very negative what do
you think his responses to all the
negative comments he asked he come back
on again do it again could you do that
ask yourself could you do that
could you come on here get ripped apart
by the audience most mostly on its
because it's a sort of a you know
unfriendly audience for his point of
view could you do that and then come
back and say let's do that again just
ask yourself if you can do that all
right he did it so I'll put that out to
you you don't have to ask him now maybe
you could tweet at me and I saw that
some of you were you know not
entertained and others were but give me
a better sense of this and I'll have a
better idea whether we shouldn't do more
of it or not
speaking of guess I have a request for
you and it's this I would like to see if
I could get Matt gates hold on I've got
a call up Twitter here while I'm talking
because I want to check something as I
talk I would like to get Matt gates to
come on my periscope but I don't think I
can entice him because obviously he's a
great demand I mean he's on TV all the
time probably one of the busiest people
in Congress right now all the stuff he's
doing and in order to get him on here
and because I don't think he would
imagine that this would be worth his
time if I were him I would be skeptical
a bit as well but here's what I'd like
you to do I'd like you to follow him on
Twitter you don't have to tweet at him
you don't have to say anything
I just want his numbers so he's at
220,000 point four followers I wanted I
want to be able to say by the end at the
end of today maybe the end of tomorrow I
want to be able to say that his numbers
one of 10,000 because I asked you to
follow him and by the way you should
follow him
you should follow aoc on the left and
you should follow Matt Gaetz on the
right because they're the most
persuasive and interesting people on the
two sides so if you're not following
those two you're missing a great show
just a great show so Matt's been killing
it lately with his persuasive ways and
he's just the perfect person to have on
the show for a variety of reasons but
rather than ask him to be on the show
directly I'm gonna do it indirectly so
I'm asking you to go to Twitter and
follow him at he's at Mack Yates and
spelled em as in Matt ma TT Gates's G a
e TZ so just follow Matt Gaetz
and I want to see his numbers go up to
over 230,000 and then what if that
happens then I'll then I'll send him a
message I have a way to get him a
message and I'll say hey we just added
10,000 users could you come talk to us I
think that would be enough don't you if
we could get him 10,000 new followers I
think that would be enough for him to
say hey I'll give you 10 minutes all
right
please do that for me it'll be fun to
see if we can make that happen and then
see what else I got here I think I had
one other topic I wanted to talk about
so North Korea is making some news but
there they got sort of overshadowed by
all the Baghdadi's stuff and I've been
wondering to myself how could we ever
make a deal with North Korea when the
problem is who goes first
North Korea's it seems to be that the
bottom line is North Korea wants us to
go first by withdrawing some troops or
something like that and of course we
want them to go first by giving up their
nukes but they don't want to do that
because they're afraid that we'll attack
them and kill them so I would like to
brainstorm a few solutions for the
problem that nobody wants to go first
I think we could go first but the trick
is to go first with something that looks
like going first and does have some real
value but still leaves Lots on the table
so in other words we will still go first
but we still maintain a lot of leverage
let me give you an example we could say
how about we go first and we'll declare
that the war is over we'll just you know
we'll just declare that we are not at
war with North Korea now what does that
cost you nothing nothing doesn't cost
you anything but it goes first now if
you're North Korea are you just as
afraid of the United States if they've
if they if Congress let's say Congress
does it declares the end of the war are
you just as afraid of Congress the week
they declare an end of war you're not it
is going first
so somebody has to go first now that
alone would not be enough to you know
make it all happen
you know there's a second part here and
I'm gonna offer this as a clever
persuasion / negotiating technique but
I'm also going to fully disclose it
because it's the sort of persuasion /
technique that it's fair to tell the
other side this is exactly what we're
doing you know there's there's no secret
trick here this is exactly what you
think it is and it looks like this say
to North Korea
there's since there they're concerned
about their security there their
military security that the United States
would be willing to draw down some of
its some maybe all of its military
assets under the following conditions
and watch how clever this is and the
following conditions are that North
Korea's secure eteri security can be
guaranteed by any combination of the US
Russia China and
South Korea now the the magic of this
technique is the any combination part so
in other words we would say to North
Korea you know we don't care we don't
care if if you team with the Chinese
military so long as you get rid of your
nukes you could invite the Chinese
military to set up a shop into your
country you have some kind of a joint
military support a thing with them as
long as you get rid of your nukes
because we have we have a risk with
China that's not really gonna change if
they also have some more control over
North Korea all we care about is the
nukes that's it that's all we care about
so we'd say to them here's the deal you
could make a military agreement with us
to protect against China and Russia
there's some some kind of a way we could
say look how about instead of being your
enemy will will form a military alliance
with you North Korea to help you in case
China or Russia attacks you now it
doesn't have to be you know sending in
troops but we could say you know we'll
sell your weapons or whatever now I'm
not as I'm not suggesting that North
Korea would accept any of these deals
that's not the point remember this is a
persuasion technique it does not it does
not rely on being factual and it does
not rely on anybody actually liking any
of these techniques now let's say you
say them here's another choice North
Korea you can make a deal where where
the US Russia and China the three of us
and let's say South Korea all all agree
to protect you militarily from the
others in other words if China gets busy
with North Korea and tries to take over
the US and Russia and South Korea well
protect them if Russia tries to take
over North Korea China South Korea the
US will help protect them so the idea
here is that we give North Korea a
choice of
what their own security situation would
look like and then we told them what it
will support all of them we don't even
care which one they think will support
all of them as long as you get rid of
your nukes because we're we are
committed to not wanting to attack North
Korea we have a president who can make
that case pretty bene persuasively so
the the magic of the persuasion is that
you give North Korea several choices
that they have complete freedom to pick
what kind of security situation would
you be happy with you tell us we only
want one thing get rid of the nukes and
by the way if it'll warm things up for
you
we'd like to declare the end of end of
the Korean War so I think going first to
break the logjam
we should probably declare an end to the
war going the second thing is to have a
serious discussion of all the options
and maybe it's public even all the
options for protecting North Korea's
territorial integrity now the other
thing that's interesting is you know you
heard that Kim jong-un said he was going
to tear down a resort that they built in
North Korea and just rebuild it to make
it better because it just wasn't good
enough
since somebody's saying so he's got a
problem with that gates do you think I
care about who somebody's parents were I
don't care about that that's not a
standard that I would care about here
are things I don't care about I don't
care about you're related to somebody
you're associated with somebody or you
did something long ago when you were
young and dumb those are all the things
I don't care about all right but if he
does something well that counts you know
if he does that as a mature adult that
counts
all right that's my idea for
North Korea we've got to give them
something that doesn't mean much which
is the end of the war
finding it just you know so
psychologically we would end it and then
open it up to say you tell us how did it
how to secure your you are territory and
we're open to pretty much every one of
those ideas we just don't want to that's
it that's all our whole deal right there
I think we could get there I don't know
exactly what's holding things up maybe
it has nothing to do with a yeah but
we'll find out
all right that is all I have for today
the wind actually just died down so I'll
give you a well since you asked I'll
take you over to the window you want to
go outside and no you do all right
bear with me
oh jesus is so cold out here
holy cow wind is pretty strong I don't
know if that smoke or smog in the
distance doesn't look too clean anyway
it's not too bad out here earlier it was
way windier but not terribly bad here
alright that's all for now
talk to you