mm-hmm pom pom pom pom hello Nicholas
hello everybody come on in here it's
time for another delightful delightful
simultaneous hip and if you're here
early
grab your copy your mug your chalice
your flask your tankard your chalice
your thermos fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee enjoyed me now for
the simultaneous up Oh best one of the
day so as I often tell you one of the
weird things about being me is that
sometimes when I talk about the news I
accidentally become the news app and
again yesterday so the Washington Post
wrote a hit piece about me talking about
the fine people hoax now the interesting
thing by far the most interesting thing
about this whole Charlottesville fine
people hoax is that when people are D
hoaxed in other words when you show them
the actual transcript and you find out
that he did not call the race's find
people that he actually condemned them
and called them out by name when you
show that to people they go down to what
I call the hoax funnel now the hoax
funnel is when you start with this you
this false claim somebody proves is
wrong and then they come to a smaller
claim and you show that that's wrong and
then you come to a smaller claim and a
smaller claim that's what makes it a
funnel so you're talking people out of
the big claim but they go down to
smaller and smaller points until there's
nothing left and I want to show you the
the order that almost every person who's
suffering from Trump derangement
syndrome goes down because it's so
similar it's hilarious and it gives you
this is going to be a perfect lesson on
cognitive test
all right so most of you know the
background if you don't check my pinned
tweet the basic idea here is that most
of the country has been told
illegitimately that the president once
called the racist marching in
charlottesville fine people in fact he
did not will not talk about the details
of that too much I'll just take you
through the interesting argument here's
what happens so this is the fine people
hoax funnel so people start with this
belief this false belief they think the
president referred to neo-nazis as fine
people so when somebody says that on
social media I said them the transcript
and sometimes a copy of the video so
that they can see that the president's
words said when he talked about finding
people on both sides it's obvious he was
talking about both sides of the statue
controversy and when he specified I'm
not talking about the neo-nazis and the
white nationalists they should be
condemned
totally so I shall I show them the
transcript that they are absolutely
completely wrong objectively confirmed
no question about it
their original belief that the president
called neo-nazis and white nationalists
fine people is false he said literally
the opposite of that okay then what do
people do do they say Scott my goodness
I sure was wrong thank you for
correcting that no nobody ever does that
instead then retreat to a smaller claim
and it looks like this there were no non
racists in attendance so therefore
you're wrong Scott there were no non
racist they're on the side of keeping
the statues so that I say well here's a
link to the New York Times article in
which they interviewed a woman who was
part of a group that were not racist did
not identify with racist don't like
racist they were there for their own
purposes they were there to protest the
removal of a historical monument
and they were Pro free speech now once
you've showed them the sources were it's
the New York Times it's an actual
interview with somebody who clearly was
not with the races and said they were
there for their own purposes at that
point does the person you're talking to
say oh whoo thanks for clearing that up
I had my information wrong but I trust
the New York Times here's a detailed
interview not detailed but nothing
enough detail with the person I changed
my mind they do not say that they
continue going down the hoax funk but
this is the interesting breakpoint
at the for the first two claims
generally speaking I think people are
actually have been bamboozled by the
media and simply have incorrect
information all right
so the first two are just people dealing
with the fact that they don't have the
right facts as soon as you point out the
real facts this is the interesting point
and it happens right here this is where
they add a hallucination and I mean this
literally it's an actual hallucination
and this is the TEL for cognitive
dissonance cognitive dissonance is when
the facts don't fit your worldview and
you're very committed to the worldview
so you have to reinterpret your reality
literally hallucinate literally add a
delusion or an imaginary fact to explain
something that has just evaporated in
the light of facts and here's how they
do it they add the imaginary fact that
the the fine people who are not with the
racist had somehow decided to march with
them there is no evidence that any of
the people interviewed by the New York
Times or anybody else who was there for
their own purposes got in line picked up
a tiki torch or even without a tiki
torch and marched with the racist that's
completely not in evidence so this is
the point of cognitive dissonance is
very it's very easy to spot they're
adding information
it's not in evidence so this is who I
usually say well that's not in evidence
what is it evidence is that there were
various groups who were in the same zip
code for their own reasons ante file was
there for their own reasons and if I
didn't go to the go to the event because
they they were in favor of the neo-nazis
they were there against them it was
their own reason likewise the press was
there for their own reasons the police
were there for their own reasons and
then we imagine that there probably were
people such as the well we don't have to
imagine it because there's an interview
with them but there were people there
for free speech and promoting a
historical monuments etcetera so once
you point out that they were in the same
zip code and that this is imagination
and that they've added an imaginary fact
do they say to themselves good point
there is no evidence that that the
people from these other groups weren't
marching with anybody so at that point
do they say now I changed my opinion I
guess I was wrong
never never they narrow their claim
again and they usually go to this well
Scott don't you know this was an event
that was that was led by and they'll use
words like led by or organized by
Spencer who's an alleged Nazi neo-nazi
whatever he is white nationalist I'm not
sure and it's true
the Spencer organized people to come now
if you hear in the news that there's an
event pro and con Confederate statues
don't you think that's going to attract
people who live locally and want to keep
statues who are not Nazis we're just
here wait so a bunch of people including
Nazis are going to this event there must
be people on both sides there must be
people there representing all kinds of
different views why don't I guide well I
don't know I go to if even Nazis can go
why can't I go
so here's the thing don't you believe
that most people heard there was a pro
and con Confederate statue event figured
that there would be all kinds of people
there even if they knew that there would
be a bunch of neo-nazis there now if I
heard personally if I heard there were
gonna be neo-nazis at a rally for
Confederate statues what would I assume
about that I would assume it would be
like every other neo-nazi event there
would be twelve guys with signs and
everybody else would be ignoring them or
laughing at them wouldn't you assume
that it would be you know just twelve
losers just like other do not see events
I wouldn't even assume it would be an
important part of the larger event I
mean I might be wrong about that as I
would have been but that would have been
my assumption so when you say to people
reasonable people would have thought
that more people were there than that
because it was really a typical
Confederate statue Pro work on event
there have been others of them they draw
diverse crowds wouldn't you expect it to
be just like that and once you once you
point that out people will say well okay
it's possible that some people could
have come not associated with the the
races but and then they narrow their
claim a little bit they say if you show
up an event at an event with a bunch of
Nazis with tiki torches and there's
there's shouting anti-semitic things and
you don't leave if you don't leave
doesn't that make you sort of one of
them notice how the claim gets smaller
and smaller to which I point out that
Anti Fog did leave the press didn't
leave and I would imagine that anybody
who came there who did not associate
with the Nazis
why would they leave they came to they
came to promote their point of view they
came to see what it was all about maybe
some were just curious personally would
you leave if you came you saw some Nazis
over in the other field and you saw some
people ready to fight them and the press
was over there the police were over
there and there were tons of people who
didn't seem to be in either group people
who were there for they were local
they're finding out what's going on they
were there for historical reasons if you
were in that group would you leave right
away I'm not sure I would I stay and
watch what was happening and I would
certainly not think that my freedom of
speech had been curtailed because I can
see other people doing other stuff it
wouldn't occur to me that I would become
a neo-nazi because I saw neo-nazis I'm
pretty sure that looking at neo-nazis
doesn't make me a member so when you
point that out that it's actually pretty
reasonable they given there were a lot
of people doing a lot of things in one
place and they were all there for their
own purposes that nobody's going to
leave because some other group they
don't like is also there
it's not really a reasonable assumption
about all people sure some people might
have left that makes sense
but certainly not all of them and then
people generally narrow their claim they
narrow it again to yeah but anybody who
is there to support those Confederate
statues
it must be Nazis or they must be a least
racist now that is moving the goalposts
because that's not the original claim
there's a big difference between saying
that the president called actual
marching neo-nazis find people which
didn't happen and when they've narrowed
it all the way down to yeah but you know
I think anybody who advocates for
statues no matter what group they belong
to no matter what they say about racism
they must be actual racists and this is
not the original claim so do people say
oK you've completely convinced me that
my original belief was totally wrong but
the President does say in public that
people who support the Confederate
statues for
free speech or any historical reasons
are good people so that's the part he
does say he says that publicly he said
it a number of times that was never the
conversation nobody was calling the
president a big ol racist just because
he was on the set well probably
something big but it's not the original
claim so people will say they're still
right even though they've gone to an
entirely different claim that the
president says often in public as do
other people personally I don't agree
with the Confederate statues but it's
true that people are on both sides of it
were not racist but here's the here's
the interesting thing having gone
through this you know fact and logical
path both you and the person you're
talking to hypothetically here have
completely missed the main point of it
all can anybody tell me what was the
main point of it all and how does this
completely miss it none of this is on
point because the only thing that
mattered to the point of the president
is what the president's understanding
was of who was at this event if you
believe that the president understood
that only neo-nazis were there or
sympathizers well then that would be
pretty bad they he called them fine
people but in what world do people like
you and I were the president normal
people in what world do you hear that
there's a pro and con event about
statues even if there are neo-nazis
there who would think that there are no
pro statue people who are just ordinary
people who want to maintain some
historical perspective who would assume
would the president assume that there
were no people there like every other
Confederate statue think that there
there's no people there at all who are
just good Patriots who'd like to keep
their history that would not be a
reasonable assumption the worst-case
scenario is that the president didn't
have good detailed information about who
was there do
well do you know who else did not have
good detailed information about who
attended all of us then the press didn't
know you didn't know I don't know the
president's critics they don't know
nobody really knows who was in
attendance so to address that I just
send a message just before I got on here
and and just to wrap up that point if
the president believed that there were
people there who were not racists that's
all the story requires it doesn't matter
who was actually there if it was a
reasonable assumption you had it I had
it most people had it there was a
reasonable assumption that it was a
diverse group that probably had all
kinds of people there now that claim of
course is challenged and just before I
got on periscope here I sent a message
to someone who had contacted me who was
at the Charlottesville events and
purports do not be a racist and purports
to have attended the event for historic
preservation free speech reasons now
I've asked him if he wants to go on my
app interface by went up and make
himself available for anybody who wants
to ask are you a fine person so if he
says yes I don't know if he will yet
actually I'll let us see it let's see if
he's answering as they answered yet I
just said a minute ago but he has agreed
to go public and he's agreed to take
interviews so it's a real person who was
really there who is not a racist who you
can talk to and you have to wait to see
if he signs up for the Apple tell you
but if he signs up for the app this this
is my startups app that lets you talk to
an expert on any topic and the expert
can set their price now he can set his
price as zero if he just wants to get us
or I can sign it out a few bucks and
people have to pay to find out who was
really there personally I'd probably put
it I probably charge for it but any
reporter would be able to contact it and
say what do you believe were there other
people like you there what did you see
were you were you marching with than the
O Nazis or what are you just sort of in
the same zip code for your own reasons
so we won't have to wonder he's already
agreed to to be interviewed so he's you
know he's given to me his name he's
going public to me anyway I won't give
you his name until we decide what's the
best way to do it or if we ever do and
yogi you'll be able to talk to him and
I've also invited him to be a guest on
my periscope but there might be a reason
that he doesn't want to do that so so
there you go now let me ask you this let
me ask you this why why am I the one who
has to find an actual eyewitness and
interview them does that make you think
there's something wrong with the news
business
ask yourself given given the prominence
of this issue
ask yourself what other news
organization looked for people who were
there and interviewed them now the New
York Times did but they buried it in a
much longer article about the badness of
the president and it was only one person
do you think there was nobody else now
on Twitter or somebody said their niece
was there and she's a fine person and I
I sent a message to say you know does
she have any pictures so there and I
know at least I know at least one other
person who I believe to be a fine person
who was there but I haven't contacted
that person as well somebody actually
knew I didn't realize that they were
there
and so will will say we'll find out all
right another here's another changing
topics a little bit I would like to
recommend what I call the twenty year
rule to apply to all politicians and to
all of us so should apply to the people
but it matters more for politicians and
the twenty twenty year rule goes like
this
if you did something bad 20 years ago or
more let's just let it go because you're
not the same person and it's very
important when you've got candidates and
a president who are in their 70s because
I'm seeing lots of stories floated to
try to embarrass Joe Biden for things he
said in the 70s or 80s or whatever a
long long time ago and I get why people
do it and you know politics is a
bloodsport and people aren't on the
teams and you know and and the quotes do
seem relevant they do seem relevant to
whether or not he's a progressive or not
but it was 20 years ago
plus I I discount everything that
anybody accuses President Trump of more
than twenty years ago I discount
anything that Bernie Sanders did more
than twenty years ago when Clinton was
running for president I said publicly
and often I discount anything bad she
did twenty years ago and I applied to
Biden as well so if he want to see
consistency you should come to my
periscope it's the only place you might
say it both sides get a pass for more
than twenty years ago now I was amused
by Joe Biden's announcement in which he
he laid stake to the claim that he would
be the savior of the the nation's soul
the nation's soul because the soul of
the nation you know who we are the
national character he says is being
assaulted by the Trump administration
Trump in particular and then he he's in
the best position to save us from the
degradation of our character
and our soul now let me ask you this if
the best approach you can come up with
against your opponent is literally
something that's magic
like a sole imaginary I guess I should
say not magic the nation soul is kind of
imaginary that's the worst problem if I
were to go to my garage get in my car
drive to the grocery store buy some
groceries drive home cook up those
groceries and eat them how much did I
worry about the soul of the nation not
really at all if I get my paycheck and I
put it in the bank and then I write some
checks and I buy some stuff how much was
I bothered by the degradation of the
character of the United States not at
all how about right now you're listening
to this periscope I'm giving you this
periscope I'm sipping my coffee let's
see if I can sip this coffee and manage
to enjoy it
given that the soul of the nation and
the character of this great country is
degrading let's test it tastes
suspiciously the same as before the
country's soul was diminished tried
again yeah that's that's the same as the
pre 2016 coffee taste I don't think it
changed I don't think it and my cat has
decided to try mirror
I'm trying to figure out where does the
the degradation of the soul of the
country how does that play out in the
real world I thought well obviously it
must be destroying the economy oh well
the news today is that the GDP is
surprisingly higher at three point two
percent and it's screaming okay so maybe
maybe the soul of the nature the soul of
the nation doesn't really hurt the
economy so much because that's screaming
but obviously our military red ok our
military readiness as better than has
ever been okay so it doesn't directly
influence that but certainly our
negotiations which I well know our bad
soul problem doesn't seem to be having
any impact on our negotiations for trade
with China but I'll tell you what
climate you know climate change no and
we'll really see the impact you kind of
go down the line it's a little bit
difficult to find out what part of sorry
kept interrupting what part of that bad
soul is actually affecting us or could
affect us I honestly haven't noticed
I've noticed that the people who are
politically very active are quite worked
up but I'm pretty sure that's the
media's problem not media's problem but
the media's fault
alright I'm gonna have to this this cat
seems to want to get in on the picture
all right see if she couldn't stay here
for a while
I guess not all right
so how how weak and I would say poorly
advised is Biden's campaign if he picked
the only thing that's imaginary and has
no impact on human beings yeah if Biden
had said I'm gonna go in there and get
you a health care I'm gonna lower your
student loans
those are real things I'll tell you the
the main thing that Biden did is make
birdie look like a better candidate have
you noticed that compared Bernie Sanders
says yeah I want to give you a free free
he'll universal national health care and
free college now you say to yourself
well I don't know how to get there I
just don't know how to you know how we
can have enough taxes how you'd ever get
that approved I don't how to get there
but I don't hate those things
and they're very specific I mean if you
could get there wouldn't you like to
have good education and good health care
for everybody just don't know how to get
there
then Biden comes on and he can't even
give you a rational end point how would
we even know if our soul was better is
you know when do I know that my national
character is moving in the right
direction how much richer am I gonna be
when when my soul is repaired so pretty
weak the president has referred to Joe
as sleepy Joe I like it because it
sounds like sloppy joe
but the president's going after the
energy element he also calls Abidin
unintelligent I'm trying to remember if
the president has called any other any
of the other candidates unintelligent
did can anybody tell me of all the many
Democrats who were running is Biden the
only one that the president has
identified as actually not very bright I
think it's only him right which matters
because if he called everybody dumb
I think waters is the only other person
what's her first name maxine waters is
the only other person that he's called
unintelligent recently I'm probably
wrong I'll bet he's called some other
people unintelligent anyway so he says
that Joe doesn't have sleepy Joe doesn't
have enough energy and intelligence to
deal with China and it's funny because
these things are going to become what
you what you look for in vitamin so
because the the president is tuning
everybody's brain to look for energy and
intelligence coming out of Joe Biden
what do you think we're gonna see he has
tuned our brains to look for any any
situations where Biden does something
that isn't smart now what are the odds
that we will see things that at least in
our opinion looks not smart Biden is the
human gaffe machine the you know gaffes
are almost his is brand so whether or
not you call a gaffe a question of
intelligence I would argue usually it's
not it's just a slip of the tongue you
know bad bad wording it's gonna look
like a lack of intelligence so as as a
branding it's pretty powerful
you're gonna start attaching everything
that the Biden does that isn't quite
perfect you're gonna attach it to that
label because the president has tuned
your mind to it
he's also tuned your mind to the low
energy thing now I said it first
the low energy thing didn't feel strong
my first impression was because I don't
see that in Biden Biden actually looks
to me like high energy like he seems
like a an unusually fit energetic strong
speaker especially for his age so I
don't really get that vibe but but
here's the brilliant part about it and I
don't know if the president is thinking
about it in these terms but it works to
his advantage by by making that
something that everybody's looking at it
turns it into something that Biden has
to address because when your opponent
brands you whatever that brand is if it
starts to stick or even if it makes
people start to think of you in that
frame he has to counter it now what do
you do to counter a claim that you have
low energy think about it what would you
do
to counter the criticism that your
energy is low well one thing you might
do is accuse your accuser you'd say no
my Energy's not low your energy is low
but that wouldn't work because Trump is
famous for high energy so you couldn't
you couldn't turn the install back so
that's the first good thing the second
thing is you either have to somebody say
get in the comments you either have to
run yourself ragged like Hillary Clinton
did to the point where she couldn't even
you know she was probably physically and
health-wise exhausted by the end of the
campaign so it might be the Trump is
actually goading him into working at a
pace there won't be good for Biden's
health he is act after all 76 years old
in great shape as far as I can tell and
and I again I I like to be the guy whose
things that are true and good and bad
about both sides Biden is in really good
shape that's he's got some good role
model stuff going on there for a man of
his age you just have to compliment that
he's in good shape
so we might see Biden to try too hard so
here's the thing imagine Biden's
personality the way it is now it's it's
sort of he has this firm energetic kind
of approach and he squints too much when
he's trying to be when he's trying to be
serious this is Biden I'm squinting to
show you houses Here I am
look at me squint I love people who are
not white oh he's squinting it must be
true so he's got that squint thing but
now imagine that the president has
branded you low-energy
if he goes even a little bit out of his
comfort zone I'm talking about Biden and
tries to add energy to the personality
that he's presented to the public for a
hundred years
he's gonna look artificial he's gonna
look fake and he's gonna look
inauthentic so if the president can
brand him as low-energy and cause him to
try to increase his energy outside of
his own comfort zone this is very much
like a Sports trash talk where you just
get in the head of the other person and
you get them to act in a way that's not
their sweet spot so the president has
very cleverly gotten Biden's head and
create and planted a seed with sleepy
Joe that Joe is gonna need to show he's
got a little more energy than people
thought and that's gonna make him look a
little bit inauthentic so it could be
one of the best persuasion plays you've
ever seen but we won't really know
unless we see if Biden takes the bait
all right CNN's ran a story today about
how Archie Bunker the old a racist
character from was it the 70s on
television and what does CNN need to do
when there's not enough bad news about
the president they actually make up they
they associate the president with
fictional characters literally from a
television show because that's just one
of the ways that they couldn't brand him
badly he has the TV show was all of the
family and one of the characters the
main character Archie Bunker was his
character was a racist and so they're
trying to run stories about Archie
Bunker a 70s television show that could
not be less important today because it's
sort of all they have they're kind of
running out of stuff to say about the
president so that's a good sign the
president is calling the the Russian
hoax Russian collusion hoax he's calling
it a coup which I agree with that word I
think that word is actually accurate
give
given the facts that are in evidence now
it may not been a massive plot in which
they were all conspiring with a leader
and you know they had meetings and stuff
like that but it is pretty clear that
there were a whole lot of people who
wanted this president him and took steps
to make it happen in in a way that was
outside the electoral process so that
that part seems pretty cool like he's
also said it's worse than Watergate
there are very few things that I can
enjoy as much as watching the President
of the United States after the Muller
report comes out go on television and
say that the coup attempt against him
was worse than Watergate it's just
delicious it's just it's the perfect
it's the perfect package yeah it's just
the if this were a movie that would be
one of the movie scenes you know you can
even end the movie on that it imagine
making a movie because there will be a
movie about this someday excuse me there
will be a movie about this someday
probably several movies about different
parts of the president's journey I think
there will be a movie just about the
election process but there might be
another movie might be movie two about
you know the first term and you can
imagine that the movie for the first
term would end with the president going
on TV and looking at the camera and
saying it's worse than the Watergate and
just end the movie go to go to credits
because at that point the movie would
have developed that in fact what was
done to the president was in fact worse
than Watergate I think that's a fair
accurate statement and after two years
of pundits saying that the president's
actions were worse than Watergate it
would just be a perfect moving ending
where you just see him look at the
camera and go it was worse than the
Watergate cut to credits and then before
the final credits you know how sometimes
if it's a real based on a real
thing you want to have the closing
credits before the credits say the
actual real-life events that happened
you know they do this with crime movies
where they say and then somebody pled
guilty and served seven years or
whatever but at the end you'd say in
2019 the president negotiated with China
and got a good trade deal the economy
hit you know whatever percent North
Korea decided to work with the United
States it would be this list of insane
accomplishments like the kind of
accomplishments no president has
probably the I would argue I'm no
historian but I think there's a case to
be made that two and a half years into
this presidency it's the best first term
anybody's ever had if you look at
results wise I think there's a strong
case for that you know a very strong
case for that so it'd make a great movie
all right I hear Democrats are
threatening some administration White
House officials with jail if they do not
agree to investigations I would like to
go on record as saying that I fully
support this president and anybody in
his administration who resists further
investigations on the same topic that
Muller has investigated yeah if it's
other stuff that's a different issue but
as the president said and this was very
provocative I don't know if it's true or
not so the president suggested that
Muller must have looked at the
president's tax returns and I thought
first of all it's fascinating that we
don't know the answer to that and it's
even more fascinating that the president
doesn't know the answer to that how in
the world do we not know if Muller
looked at Trump's tax returns isn't that
weird how do we not know that it feels
like we would know if he did look
whereas if he didn't look maybe we
wouldn't know so it does seem like you
couldn't really do a
collusion investigation without
following the money so whether or not
it's true that Muller looked into
Trump's taxes and whether or not you
know how how deeply he looked we don't
know not a not a damn will Hollywood
touch Dilbert
okay all caps guy in comments anyway so
we don't know whether Mulder looked at
stacks returns but wouldn't you assume
he did because I can't imagine that the
that the investigation was complete
unless he looked at least maybe the last
year of taxes I mean it might not have
been every tax return forever but
wouldn't he have to at least look in a
few few years find out if there are any
entanglements over there so I love I
love that the president has put that out
there that maybe his tax returns have
already been looked at by the best
people in the world to look at tax
returns whoever Muller hired we don't
know all right Trump also was I guess he
was on Hannity talking about the
Democrat candidates for president and he
was going through the list and saying
which ones were were you know irrelevant
which ones were strong and then when he
got to Buddha judge the president said
he was basically he was rooting for a
Buddha judge he doesn't know if he'll
make it all the way doesn't think he'll
make it
but he's rooting for him so in other
words there was only one candidate that
the president unambiguously said
positive things about Buddha judge now
isn't that clever think about it isn't
that clever because Buddha judge is
first of all the the first openly gay
candidate at this level running for
president I think so so the president
just says good things about him because
he doesn't have to worry about him and
he can you can get for free it's like
free money
laying on a table he probably doesn't
think Budaj edge could be a serious
contender for the job they think he's
right
I don't think any of the candidates
could be serious contenders but by by
being nice to Buddha judge especially
when Buddha judge is fighting at least
in public he's acting like he's got a
problem with tents it kind of was
perfect one of the things I love about
Trump's approach is that if somebody
leaves free money sitting on a table
Trump will pick it up this was free
money saying something nice about Buddha
judge being the only one he doesn't
criticize was free money he probably
isn't making been a judge any stronger
places by by saying something positive
it's been it's probably the opposite and
and he gets he gets credit for being
nice to the first openly gay candidate
so he wins he wins on that it was just a
clever reply I noted that Booker and SWA
well to two candidates running for
president two guys have both said that
they will pick a woman as a vice
president running mates what do you
think of that I think that that's a
that's a mistake it's not a mistake to
pick a woman it's a mistake to for them
politically to claim that and here's why
we're coming off an election the last
election in which Hillary Clinton was
running for president and and you know
got more votes I mean she was as close
as you can get the president she
actually got more votes and still wasn't
president SWA well and Booker I think
are accidentally they're trying to be
positive they're trying to say that
they're inclusive and stuff so that that
part seems good but the thought that
they would assign the woman in the
second place position doesn't really
work as well as it would have if Hillary
Clinton had not won the popular vote
because you don't really think of
in 2019 you don't think of why wouldn't
it be great if a woman became vice
president doesn't that feel like too
little and too late if you're a woman
and you hear that from the man yeah
we'll put a woman in second place
that'll make you happy would that make
you happy
if you're a woman who thinks you should
have a woman president would what having
two guys tell you that they'll put a
woman in an unimportant role of vice
president how in the world does that
make you happy it feels like a step
backwards because Hillary was sort of
top-shelf why are these these white guys
well white guy sois well and and then
Cory Booker why are they saying the
woman's in the second position does that
feel right I know it feels like there
was no right answer because they can't
say we won't but saying that you will
kind of doesn't feel right either I I
feel like the Democrats lose either way
there's no winning position on the woman
as vice president question all right I
noted that there's a poll out saying
that the world is sadder and angrier
than it's ever been so I think it was a
Gallup poll saying that people worldwide
so we're not talking about the United
States but worldwide people are sadder
and angrier than they have ever been
now first of all who knows if these
kinds of polls are accurate or really
saying what we think they're trying to
say but nowhere in the reports does the
news business blame itself does it yeah
we're social media doesn't it seem to
you it's not really about the world
being a sad or worse place because the
world unambiguously is a better place
the world just keeps improving and it's
improving quickly and it's improving on
just about every measure of goodness
almost everything is moving in the
direction but people are getting sadder
and angrier
isn't it obvious what's causing that now
it might be different if you're talking
about some of the African nations who
don't necessarily have the same kind of
news we have don't necessarily have
social media in in as much penetration
but I think if you're looking worldwide
it's pretty much an impact of the
business model of the press plus social
media which is ruining all of our
attitudes and making us sad and angry
how could it be anything else because
everything else is going well on average
not for every person but on average
alright those are the big stories of the
day as I said before there were there
were two articles yesterday and the day
before in which I became part of the
news I talked about the news and then I
became part of it because the Washington
Post if he didn't hear the first part of
this periscope the Washington Post a
writer
it was accusing me of trying to promote
the false idea that the president was
being mischaracterized with his fine
people quote and they referred to me in
the article as far-right that's right
the Washington Post just wrote I just
read a major opinion piece in which I
was called far right do you know who
else they put it in that category in the
far right mic Tsarevich and Jordan
Peterson now do you think any of the
three of us are far-right I don't think
so
that isn't even close to a good label
for any of the three of us I think
there's somebody else in the list Oh
Steve Cortes and you would not in my
opinion would not even close to qualify
as far-right conservative yes
yeah they referred to me as being
reinvented as a trump booster that
part's right but they earlier in the
same piece called me far right now
that is as wrong as you could possibly
be I
most of my periscope audience is
literally angry happy for for for
talking about transgenders and sports
which I'm not going to talk about today
we're talking about you know abortion
things in the way they don't like
basically all kinds of stuff from
universal health care to universal
education although I don't know how to
pay for it
so so anyway so watching the fake news
come after me it's a good sign now a lot
of you are prompting me in the comments
to talk about ben shapiro now ben
shapiro has a nuanced i as i understand
it i hope i don't have the facts wrong
but i saw a little clip of him talking
about it and it looks like here's his
understanding of the Charlottesville
fine people's situation is a little bit
down the hoax funnel so Ben Shapiro does
not believe that the president referred
to the actual neo-nazis as fine people
so he so he's compatible with the facts
that are very clear he does believe that
that whoever was there was also marching
with and I believe he used the actual
phrase of marching with right this is
the cognitive dissonance point so
anybody you see who says well yeah they
can't be fine people if they were
marching with or if they are talked out
of the marching with which is pretty
easy to do they say yeah but they
attended a rally were it was organized
by races so I think Ben Shapiro is
somewhere down there in the funnel and
you know I talked about the the hoax
funneled where where the claim gets
narrowed and narrowed people ask me you
should go talk to Ben Shapiro about that
I believe that if Ben Shapiro talked
about this in something like four
minutes we would be on exactly the same
I say this because Ben Shapiro is smart
and he seems to be you know influenced
by logic and data and that if I framed
it the way I framed it here on this
board he would probably be on the same
page but be uncomfortable without the
president handled it which I agree with
if your bottom line is that the
president blew his public communications
and created a you know a negative thing
out of it we agree you can't say the
president handled this right even if he
said all the right words because the
outcome was bad and he you know he's
he's responsible for his own
communications even if they're taken out
of context so I agree with Ben Shapiro
that the president it was I think Ben
Shapiro said me charlottesville thing
was the lowest point of his presidency
and we totally agree on that
from the perspective of you know history
that was absolutely the lowest point of
his presidency which is different from
saying he was supporting races now to
bet I would say it doesn't really matter
who was there and it doesn't really not
matter why they were there as soon as
you start debating who was actually
there and where they find people you're
actually not on the right conversation
it feels like you are but you've left
the conversation without noticing it the
conversation that started this is what
was the president's state of mind and
what was he thinking
and who was he referring to when he said
there were some fine people on the keep
the statue side all that matters for
whether or not a bad thing happened is
what was the president's understanding
of who was there and one and the
reasonable assumption is that the that
the president assumed the same thing I
did the same thing most people did when
they're the story there probably were
very few people in the country who heard
that there was an event about
Confederate statues probably all of us
thought it was a
first group and probably there was a few
people and every imaginable point of
view that is the reasonable assumption
so if you say the president is a
reasonable person who made a reasonable
assumption and even the media doesn't
know exactly who was there it doesn't
matter who was there this is this is the
point that nobody could really hear it
doesn't actually matter who was
literally on the ground there or what
they were thinking or if they're a
racist all that matters to understand
the situation not not all the matters in
terms of the impact but all that matters
in order to understand the situation is
that the president in everybody who saw
the situation in the first few days
should have reasonable bully believed
that there were all kinds of diverse
people there for diverse reasons that's
the most reasonable assumption and has
never been disproven there has been no
detailed reporting of exactly who was
there we don't know now that's why I've
offered that one of the people was there
and I'll see if he has answered me yet
and I offered that I would talk to him
either on periscope okay I don't have an
answer yet all right but what will
happen to the world if I do a public
interview with somebody who was there is
not a racist and just likes historical
statues would that interview be you know
be presented everywhere when it would
everybody be talking about it so yeah
thanks god I'm glad we cleared that up
not there's no chance that actually even
interviewing somebody who was there who
by the way sent me a picture of himself
posing by the statute so the person I'm
talking about showed me a picture of him
on the site so I'm pretty sure it's a
real person who's really there the media
would destroy that person you say I
don't think so
I don't really don't think so but it's
certainly a risk all right I see people
prompting me to talk about the
president's tweet in which he reversed
the I and II and chief
I'm on the I'm on the team this has
there are probably just real typos but
once he makes them he probably doesn't
care and they work in his advantage
because it draws attention to his tweet
whatever I don't think he does that
intentionally I think that's exactly
what you see I if you looked at my
tweets you know my whole body of tweets
there are spelling errors there you know
words words missing I put instead of a I
did that yesterday just totally normal
stuff so I wouldn't make too much of
that all right I will talk to you all
tomorrow