was a little bit mixed today Tesla's up
and video's
down but uh you're all here and that's
the important part because we're
preparing for the show of shows like
you've never seen before oras Trump
would say nobody's ever seen anything
like it ever
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take your experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cuper muger a
glass of tanker chela stand a canting
Jugger flask of vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee enjoy me now for the unparallel
pleasure of the dopamine hit of the day
the thing that makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous zip and it
happens
now good morning Paul thank
you looks like all of our systems are
working
today well would you like to hear some
potentially good science
news yes you would I can see your your
heads are nodding at home well there's a
new biodiesel that's 45 times more
efficient and it's
cleaner how about that coming from
Washington University mckel School of
Engineering now the two researchers
colleagues uh Joshua Juan and Susie
day Juan and
day so diesel fuel will be more
efficient one
day that's right Dad joke applied to
science yeah so apparently they have
some gigantic breakthrough it's going to
take a while of course to turn it into
something useful but it's Electro biod
diesel 40 times 45 times more efficient
and cleaner than alternatives for our
big
trucks exciting exciting now did your
climate models have any kind of variable
for
improving their efficiency by
45% no meanwhile Justin Trudeau
announces that Canada is going to limit
the number of immigrants over the next
three years turns out they just figured
out they had too many immigrants to be
able to absorb them all now question was
that going to happen on its own or is
that entirely because Trump made it safe
because as as long as Trudeau doesn't
look as mean as bad old Trump he's got
room to operate right he just couldn't
be the toughest guy on immigration you
know in our in our area of the world so
I think this is
Trump Am I Wrong what was this
coincidentally going to happen right now
that he was going to limit
immigration so I don't know much about
Canada but it seems to me that Trump
made this possible
maybe meanwhile Brendan Carr who's been
nominated for FCC uh chairman he's on
the
FCC but he's one of the uh he's one of
the people that should be in the pirate
ship or the or the founders if you're
not watching Brendan Carr's work
especially on social media but you know
mostly behind the scenes doing the real
work he's one of the good guys like one
of the really good guys so he's working
hard to get rid of the censorship
and uh he said this he said the fcc's
most recent budget request said that
promoting Dei was the agency's second
highest strategic
goal can you even register that in your
head that the
fcc's second highest strategic goal and
they put it in
writing was
Dei their second highest goal was to be
racist and we allowed that to just sort
of
exist and now Brendan Carr is going to
come in and dismantle that right away
and I have two words to say to Brenan
Carr thank
you I I sat there for a while thinking
how to respond to that it was a post on
X and I thought how do you respond to
that I've I've been a racial
discriminated against an
employment since the mid 80s you all
know my story right I got my career
ended in the bank because they said I'm
a white guy they can't promote me they
said that directly you know not I'm not
making it up I'm not reading between the
lines they said we can't promote you
you're a white guy and it doesn't look
like that's going to change so I changed
jobs to Pacific
Bell and I got in the management track
but one day my boss called in and
said word came down we can't promote you
cuz you're white and male and I said how
long does that take and they said uh
indefinite and so I quit and I became a
cartoonist and started competing against
other cartoonists who were sometimes in
the Dei category and they were doing
great
but Dilbert also
succeeded however the entire Dilbert
career was thrown in the
trash because of one comment I made that
wouldn't have really bothered anybody if
they understood it in context but if we
live in the Dei world then when you
complain about racism but you're white
and
male the world says he is a racist and I
say wait a minute wait a minute did you
even hear what I said I was complaining
about
racists I was complaining about racist
I'm looking for the anti-racist
world but in the Dei world I get
canceled cuz I can't even talk don't
even have Free Speech but Brendan Carr
wants me to have some free speech on all
the platforms he wants me to have free
speech and he wants to get rid of Dei
which is pure racism and I can't even
begin to tell you how happy that makes
me that to to me this is
like you watching the Trump
Administration come in and you know have
people who are going to be dismantling
Dei this is the end of a very long road
for
me a very long road now I'm not going to
compare my situation to you know slavery
in the United States or Jim Crow I mean
it's not those things I understand those
are you know a different level but it
has been the bane of my existence since
I entered the workplace and
now after it doesn't matter to me
because I'm you know well beyond that
point where it
matters uh but at least they'll get
fixed for somebody else at least it'll
get fixed America
self-correcting there's a story that I
believe is fake news that said that
uh Mitch McConnell was not in favor of
recess
appointments and that there wouldn't be
any I think that was withdrawn as fake
news because there's no confirmation of
it this morning and whoever the person
who first brought it up has removed it
so I think I think you can put that out
of your mind I don't think that's real
but maybe something will
change according to axios who's making
up some fake news this is real news
that's fake news so it's both real and
fake what makes it real is that of
course it's real I'm going to tell you
something that's so obvious that you
wouldn't need any news entity to tell
you you would just say well of course
that's real and but the part part that
fake is that it's
news so it's real but why is this news
here's here's their
news that Elon Musk has quickly become
an influential figure in Trump's
interner Circle we knew that but there
are signs of tension between musk and
longtime Trump advisers over cabinet
appointments and
stuff uh people that that's the way it's
supposed to
work wouldn't you be a lot more worried
if there were no tensions about who gets
appointed are you serious have those of
you who have spent a second in the real
world it's the tension you need you
don't need the
agreement it's a pirate ship it's not a
pirate ship full of agre it's not the
founders who all had the same idea about
the Constitution have you heard about
the Founders they had some disagreements
it was a lot of friction it was the
friction that made the the country great
it wasn't the agreement it was a
friction among honorable
people that's the key friction is good
among honorable people who have good
intentions Trump has assembled honorable
people have good intentions do I want to
see a little friction out of it yes I do
I want to see a little bit of
disagreeing I want to see some honest
back and forth I want to see the
smartest people in the world debate it
but here's what's
funny and this is going to sound like
I'm insulting
somebody but I'm not so I'll tell you in
advance that this is not an insult to
the person I'm going to
mention I'm just randomly picking a name
actually imagine you're in a uh Inner
Circle meeting trying to decide on a
nomination you're with
Trump and one of you is Elon musk and
he's saying I think we should nominate
this person and the other one is Corey
lowski now the reason it's
funny is not because Corey Le leowski is
not good at his job apparently he's so
good at his job that he's you know back
on he's back on the the job so even
Corey leowski who you would consider
especially good at his job because he's
back right he wouldn't be back if he
weren't good at
it but when you're in the room and the
other person who disagrees with you is
generally considered the smartest person
on the
planet you know maybe not in pure IQ but
certainly in understanding how things
work and how to make something work and
how to engineer a good solution so how
does that conversation Go is is Trump
sitting there and saying okay all right
anybody have an opinion Corey Corey I
think we should nominate this person all
right good good reasons you had there um
anybody else Elon Elon and then what
happens after that do do the other
people in the room say you
know I got to disagree with Elon on this
one how exactly does that conversation
go if you put me in a room with Elon
Musk and he he went first and he said
his idea and my idea was the opposite of
that do you know what I'd do I'd shut
the up because I'm pretty sure I
don't have better ideas than he does
like I I might say well you know maybe
you should consider this variable but I
sure as hell wouldn't put myself out
there in direct disagreement with one of
the smartest people on the
planet that's just me but maybe Corey
can anyway the the it doesn't matter
what the nature of the the friction is
we want it give me a little bit of
friction these are powerful people with
strong opinions if you put them in one
place and they all agreed with each
other I'd be frightened to death
frightened to death you don't want
agreements you need strong people with
different opinions but honorable people
who can figure out how to make it
work well just the news that's a news
site called just the news um it's
talking about the two states are still
desperately trying to figure out how the
election
went Pennsylvania and Wisconsin now I
saw some people on social media say can
we agree that if it takes two weeks to
count your
votes your your state is rigged I agree
with
that if we needed to set a
standard for when you have to just throw
out the whole result two weeks I would
say if you don't have a result in two
weeks you have to stop counting and you
know the result is where it wherever it
is when you stop or you have to throw at
the state you just have to toss it out
say your state didn't make it this year
I would be perfectly happy I think
unless it means that Trump wouldn't
win if both Pennsylvania and Wisconsin
were denied um were denied any count
just say you don't count now the current
rules don't allow that but if you could
imagine hypothetically in a perfect
world I think two weeks counting votes
is so absurdly out of line and and I
can't think of any reason other to to do
it other than to throw the election no
reason at all I say those States
shouldn't
count maybe take them out of the mix
entirely now that's probably you know of
course that's unconstitutional and you
can't do anything like that so I'm being
a little hyperbolic but my point is I do
not trust whatever they come up with uh
I'll like it if it if it favors my side
I'll like it but I'm not going to trust
it those are two states that have lost
my trust in their system completely
completely so here's what's going
on again this is from just the news is
reporting um so in Pennsylvania we've
already got a a senator who who has been
named the winner it's McCormack he's
even attended the attended the new
Senator briefings in Washington and
everything but there's still still
counting
and uh apparently they've decided to
count um ballots that are
invalid so the ones that the Supreme the
Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruled even
before the election they ruled that
these kinds of ballots cannot be counted
so those would be the ones that are mail
in that don't have proper dates or
signatures and so the ruling is clear
and it comes from the right ruling body
the the Pennsylvania Supreme Court it
was before the election and it was
unambiguous these will not count so do
you know what Pennsylvania is doing
they're counting the ones that don't
count because doing so seems to be able
to give them an
advantage so where is that going to end
up is it possible that they're going to
count so many votes that they found that
that it's going to change the election
well that looks all sketchy to me but
what about
Wisconsin uh we got a little problem in
Wisconsin so the AP called it for the
incumbent as senator Tammy Baldwin the
day after the election um and Baldin has
about 29,000 more votes than the
Republican
however it's being reported that on
Tuesday that must have been election
night um somebody named uh Havi posted a
video on X about some overnight ballad
dumps after election day oh after
election day must have been a week later
um I was shocked what unfolded on
Election night H he said at 1:00 a.m. I
was receiving calls of congratulations
based on the models it appeared I would
win the senate race then at 4:00 a.m.
Milwaukee reported approximately 108,000
absentee ballots with Senator Baldwin
receiving nearly 90% of those
ballots now believe it or not that
wasn't far off from reality because um
the same day voting um he only received
22% of the votes but the mailin were
only 10% now I agree that it seems
highly unlikely that the same day voting
would be that different from the mailin
voting it looks like the mailin
voting was rigged
it has every tell for being riged was it
well I don't know if if I made that
claim for sure I wouldn't have proof but
based on the reporting if it's true that
so if these facts are true that at 4:00
a.m. after the election they got 108,000
mail in ballots and 22% of them instead
of what you expected 10% went one
way that looks like cheating to
me I don't know what you do about about
it what do you do about it I don't know
I guess we'll find
out uh meanwhile on Meet the Press uh
Kristen weler she's uh well so this is
under the category of Democrats
desperately trying to figure out what
they did wrong now what's funny is that
they did everything wrong everything so
when they're looking to see what they
did wrong they're blinded by the fact
it's like a it's like a blizzard of
wrong
everything they did was wrong from the
candidate they picked the messages they
used the the the techniques they used
for
campaigning I don't think anything they
did was as good
as as what Trump did probably nothing
but they keep trying to figure it down
and Kristen Walker who hosts Meet the
Press on
NBC um she called down one of the hosts
uh Democrat looked like a Democrat
pundit Eugene Daniels for saying that
something about we need the adults in
the room now the adults as he referred
to it meant the Democrats the
adults and Kristen Walker pointed out
that uh and Kristen turned to Jen
because Jen was the next person she
wanted to talk to so she wasn't
disagreeing with Jen she was disagreeing
with Eugene
Daniels but she was taking that
disagreement to Jen for her comment
so Chris Welker says Jen that tonal
issue being the quote adults in the room
I've heard some Democrats privately say
that came off as condescending that's
part of what needs to be addressed as
well so you think to yourself oh they're
getting it they they're getting it so
one of them says the adults in the room
but Kristen Walker now she's figured out
that that's the kind of tone that's bad
so she calls it out and she asks Jen
saki to
you know agree with her that that's
exactly the kind of tone that they want
to avoid do you know what Jen saki said
quote adults in the room has many
meanings and we've learned
nothing no adults in the room has one
meaning the person who said it is an
 it has one
meaning because nobody takes it
seriously that there are no adults in
the room it only has one meaning no
matter what the speaker says what the
speaker says is not even related to
anything it has one meaning the person
saying it is a
so Jen it may mean that it has many
meanings that you intend but there's
only one meaning we
receive the only one we get is man
you're an how about treating
everybody like
adults how about that how about talking
about the policy instead of the
people you see the pattern they talk
about the people being defective not
their
policies and if they can't figure that
out that the problem is they need better
policies and stop insulting the people
they can't figure it out why I think it
might be that dark Triad thing that
Jordan Peterson always talks about I
think there might be some narcissist
gaslighting um psychopath kind of thing
going on that may have taken control you
know the people who are making the
decisions probably are in deep therapy
about their well maybe they're the ones
who don't go to therapy I don't know
meanwhile here's a fun story two fun
stories that fit together well did you
know that many years ago Joe Scarboro
did an interview with a younger RFK Jr
and the two of them were in great
agreement on their personal beliefs that
uh childhood vaccinations cause Autism
and the reason that um Joe Scarboro
believed that's true is that his son was
born in
1991 uh two years after the the massive
amount of vaccination started being
common and he says his son had uh is on
the Spectrum as a form of Asbergers
so not only is Joe
Scarboro open to the idea that
vaccinations cause harm at least at one
point he was pretty sure harmed his own
son
so did you know that did you know
that I mean wasn't that also the same
time he was was he a Republican then he
changed from Republican to Democrat
didn't he do I remember that correctly
anyway so it was kind of amazing to see
him agree with that now I don't have an
opinion on that yet my opinion agrees
with I think RFK Junior's that we don't
have good enough
science so am I concerned that both of
these
gentlemen um were fairly confident that
there's a direct connection between
these
things uh you have my attention
and I'm going to say that I was one of
the people that for 20 years whenever I
heard somebody was a vaccine
denier uh I had a negative
opinion I had a negative opinion do you
know why I thought science was
real I lived in a world where I could
observe that every other domain was
completely corrupt because I was in
those other domains so I could see how
bad they were but I wasn't really in any
kind of a you know science domain so I
figured oh science must be right but
everything else is broken but there's a
reason for that scientists are smarter
and they have the scientific method
which catches mistakes so yeah obviously
the scientists are getting a right but
everyone else everyone else is corrupt
and stupid and lying but the scientists
they got a right later when I was the
adult in the room and no longer
operating like a child I realized wait a
minute everything looks the same every
domain has people trying to get away
with things and if they can get away
with it they do so now I understand it
differently all right also talking about
Morning Joe uh apparently Morning Joe
and M kind of quietly um asked if they
could go visit Trump at
marago and he said yeah
now what do you think that's all about
so then they came back and apparently
they had not spoken to Trump in seven
years I didn't know that and they said
it was you know important to speak with
him and you know they wanted to they
wanted to quote restart Communications
according to M uh they they made sure
that you knew just so you know they
don't see eye to eye in a lot of issues
with Mr Trump but they did think it was
was important to restart Communications
and Trump took the
meeting and uh they came back and now
they've opened up a
channel so how do you interpret
that here's how I interpret
it uh you've heard the rumors that MSNBC
is up for
sale or they'd like to sell it now I
don't know if that's true but if I owned
that property and I saw what it was
doing I'd certainly want to sell it if
you could find somebody dumb enough to
buy it but who's going to buy a pure
propaganda
Network it's not even news it's not even
in the domain of news it's pure
propaganda what would make them less
pure
propaganda well for one thing maybe they
would sometimes talk to some credible
Republicans which probably would not
even be willing to go on their
show but if you can convince Trump that
talking to MSNBC is worth your
time then the Senators might say well if
Trump does it I can do it Etc so it
could be that what they're trying to do
is um you know paint the turd in case
they can sell it so if somebody says hey
you're all propaganda who wants to buy a
propaganda Network that makes no sense
they can say oh well I think we used to
be kind of biased but now look we have a
relationship withp Trump and we had some
bunch of Republicans on and so we're
showing all sides now so we're more like
we're more like news and news opinion
now I think it's something they had to
do to sell
it just by guess or at the very least
it's something they had to do to stay in
to stay on the air because if they
haven't talked to the president in seven
years and their show is mostly about the
president
well it makes them a little bit irrel if
they don't have any relationship
whatsoever with them so was Trump smart
smart to take the meeting and I assume
he was professional and
friendly yes Trump is trying to to send
a message that he's not against any
Republicans even his
enemies he's just trying to fix
stuff so exactly the right uh move by
really all of them so all of them made
the right move but watching MSNBC trying
to figure out what's going to work is
tough if they if they give any time to
Republicans they're going to lose the
rest of their left leaning audience
because their left leing audience is not
turning on MSNBC to see both sides
they've been filtered down to people who
only want to see one side otherwise
they'd be watching something else so
they should lose all of the remaining
audience if they try to find the middle
like CNN sometimes does
um and then they're just going to lose
the CNN basically so I don't I don't see
how they survive
actually speaking of CNN Jake Tapper had
Adam Schiff on and
um brought up the fact that Schiff had
been basically lying about the whole
Russia cusion thing now Jake was you
know professional about it he didn't say
it the way I said it you know you
 liar you lied and destroyed the
country with your Russia collusion thing
and what does shiff say he says the fact
that we didn't find proof Beyond A
Reasonable Doubt doesn't mean there
wasn't evidence of conspiracy and he
gave us his top
example that uh one of Trump's people
gave some internal polling to a Russian
oligarch because that's what we were
worried about right oh my God my God I
hope I just hope that no Russian
oligarch ever sees the internal polling
data
which is basically obsolete in one week
and that one time that they saw
it and the guy who did that went to jail
and nobody said that had anything to do
with
Trump so shiff is maybe the biggest um
famous liar in the
country
anyway it makes you wonder how that uh
that uh segment got booked you know do
you think the CN man CNN management was
sitting around in a meeting and they're
saying you know hey our ratings are
weigh down because no one trusts our
news to be
real what should we do H nobody trusts
our news to be real news what can we do
and then Jake Tapper says yeah I'm just
imagining this he didn't really say this
I've got an idea let's invite Adam
Schiff to lie about Russia collusion
because that always
works like how exactly is the reasoning
going over
there it must be a tough
row meanwhile speaking of Jen saki Fox
News is reporting that she said uh
somewhere that Democrats are lost in the
wilderness without a clear leader after
Trump's Victory well I would agree with
that it is not obvious to me that they
have a clear leader they always have
Adam
shff I think Adam Schiff should be their
leader
everybody okay with
that so when you look at their bench you
know their Biden is toast and K Harris
was destroyed in the process uh Tim wals
was never taken
seriously
and and Saki is thinking maybe some of
the
governors when was the last time a
governor controlled the national party
has that ever happened there's certainly
been Governors who ran
and you know while they were running
they were in control of the party but if
you're not running for president like
really actively running can you be a
governor of a state and be seen as the
leader of the national
party I say
no I say no I mean you can have somebody
like uh you know hawle or Governor Nome
can make news and they can do interviews
and the interviews will be quoted and it
may be something that other Democrats
agree with but you're never really going
to see a
governor as a national leader are you I
I feel like it's in the name that
they're not because you can't be both
the national and the state person
they're you know there too many
conflicts
there
so here's what I
realized I could run for I could run for
president as a Democrat because I'm a
registered Democrat if you didn't know
and uh I think I could
win here's
how now don't worry about it because I'm
not going to run but here's what we
here's what I'd do if I were running for
office I would say you know what
Republicans are
awesome I'd start
there Republicans are awesome
Independence too awesome people we we
should do more things with them I I
recommend and talking to your neighbors
more you'll be smarter all right so
there's my
start then what about the
topics they'd say to me Scott you're
running for president now you have to
weigh in on abortion I know you don't
like talking about it because you're a
man and you say you know men should stay
anov it or at least you know move to the
back
row to which I'd say well now that I'm
president I do have an opinion it should
be up to the states no I know but what's
your opinion
it should be up to the States but what
do you think I'm done it's a state
matter all right what else you
got um well I've got name
recognition so I have name recognition
now you're going to say to me but Scott
you were famously
cancelled for saying some things that
not a single Democrats going to like to
which I
say have you noticed the last eight
years who's your
president the person who said the most
uh the most provocative things do you
think that an energy monster can't take
that and turn it into a national
platform because I can I'm not going to
run don't worry but is it possible yes
absolutely every time I got interviewed
i' would be asked that question and then
I would get to say what I want to say
but they wouldn't not be able to
interview me because I'm already too
provocative
right if I were just the cartoonist
running for
office mildly interesting if I were the
cartoonist who was cancelled during the
darkest years of the American Republic
in my opinion I I guess you'd count
maybe you'd count uh slavery as the
darkest opinion and you know maybe maybe
few down from that maybe the fourth
darkest time in America
history something like that but uh I
think that I could take that history and
say which I would you realized that I
was railing against
discrimination I said if it's true that
black Americans have this bad opinion of
white Americans which is what a survey
said if the survey is true this would
suggest that we should have more
separation because it looks like looks
like it'd be a real problem and by the
way I would advise black people if
they're thinking of moving into a new
town and one of the town is is known for
having a heavy emphasis of kluck's Clan
membership and the other one is
not I would say every time you should
pick the one
not because although I'm not saying
anything bad about any one person in
that town I'm saying that as a
collective risk if you got that many
people in the town who are racist
against you well you should should avoid
that
town
likewise anybody else who has some big
community of people of which 25% or a
third of them think that you're not
worth life you should avoid them really
hard you should avoid them as hard as
you can but again has nothing to do with
any individual I say as I say often
discriminating against an
individual doesn't help you it just
lowers your choices in life fewer people
to hire fewer people to have romance
with fewer friends fewer customers fewer
bosses so so discrimination doesn't make
sense for the person doing
it and it certainly doesn't make sense
for the person who's receiving
it so I completely disagree with any
one-on-one individual discrimination
because who benefits it's a lose lose
scenario there's no there's no argument
for
it but staying away from communities
which have said out loud on a survey or
in the case of the KKK put on outfits
and marched around with burning crosses
if that's
happening stay
away now I think I
could I could turn the controversy about
me into a platform where people will
listen to whatever the hell I say that's
what Trump did
and could I turn that into uh a win
probably um when it came to immigration
could I say something that Democrats and
Republicans would agree with I can I
would say we should get some a team of
bipartisan economists and the bipartisan
economists every year should look at our
current situation and decide who can
come in in the general and what kind of
skills we should be filtering for
and then every year you adjust that and
every year it's not political it's
economic what did The Economist say this
time well we need about a million people
to pick and our population is a little
low so yeah it'd be nice if we had just
a couple million good people who want to
you know want to become Americans and
they've got all the right
stuff so I could pretty much and then I
could fix schools of course and I would
want no Wars and I'd want lower taxes on
the middle class I I could run as almost
a
republican that Democrats would say oh
yeah that does make sense yeah that
makes sense no I'm not going to run but
they do have a big hole there and it
wouldn't be hard to fill it if they had
any equality candidates which I'm
wondering about instead the Democrat
strategy seems to be to turn into
Triumph the insult dog do you remember
Triumph the insult dog was a hand puppet
on Conan O'Brien and he was a recurring
character and all he would do is just
insult
people ah your immigration policy I poop
on it so maybe that wasn't their best
strategy for winning the national race
insult dog
triumph which is interesting because you
can't spell Trump without Triumph or you
can't spell Triumph without Trump
according to uh Trump you know some
people said doeses he really think he
can get Matt Gates approved as attorney
general because that's a pretty
provocative
Choice um Trump is certainly sending
every signal that he's not only serious
about it but very serious about it as in
he's going to make this happen can he I
don't know I don't know he he would have
to beat the crap out of some Republicans
to vote for Gates because Gates is not
the most important he's not the most
popular person even among
Republicans but what fights do the de
what what fights do the Republicans want
to
have so even Republicans know that they
will have their moments of disagreement
with the White House is this the fight
they
want because even the people who think
that Matt Gates has whatever character
problems they want to talk about from
his younger single life and maybe
they're all true well at least the ones
that are legal let's say that let's say
the the things that are legal let's say
he did all of
them does it
matter how many of you want to speak uh
how many of you want to answer for your
younger
20s did you do anything in your 20s you
don't want to talk about now anybody
if you're judging people from what they
did when they were single in their 20s
you're just going to lose all your good
people I don't think we've ever had a
really powerful good national leader who
wasn't a piece of in their
20s probably right I mean every
Everybody Was A a little
worse in those days myself included of
course so um I think that Trump May in
fact be able to get Republicans to
understand that Gates
is he's a person with the right risk
reward loyalty
combination so you don't want somebody
who's timid who only goes for the easy
wins because we need a very very
difficult win we need we need the people
who are not good for the system to be
removed and to do that you're going to
need the biggest bastard in the world
you're going to need a bastard you're
going to need somebody who can who can
remove McCarthy and I don't even have an
opinion about that I I don't have an
opinion about the McCarthy thing because
I didn't really I never really followed
the details of it so I don't know should
he have been removed I don't know I
don't have an opinion but I know it
happened and and if you can do that with
your own colleague the most important
colleague in your entire body and you
can do that then I'm not too worried
that you can fire some
 on the Department of Justice I
think maybe that would be well within
your capabilities so I want somebody
who's got a legal background check I
want somebody who has absolute loyalty
to Trump because the Attorney General is
his biggest risk his biggest risk is bad
people in our government coming after
him before or after he's president so
yes I want maximum loyalty and by the
way I wouldn't say that in a normal
situation in a normal situation I'd say
I want a good independent person in this
job but not this time the lawfare is so
bad that now the old rules of just get a
good independent attorney general nope
I'm sorry that's not good enough I want
somebody who's biased as hell like super
super biased in favor of free speech in
favor of no lawfare in favor of keeping
Trump in power as long as you know he's
not broken any
laws so can Trump make that a
sale I'm going to say
yes and I believe he just needs to get
all of his own people to say yes right
is that's the situation or is it or is
it going to be a uh oh I guess it's
going to be maybe a recess appointment
so nobody gets to vote but you want
people to not complain about it too so
apparently Mike Johnson's on board Mike
Johnson's on board with Mike G with
Gates and if you can get the uh you know
the Speaker of the House on board you
can get the president on board maybe at
least two-thirds of the Republicans are
probably on board
automatically I think the other third
have to maybe decide this isn't where
they're going to plant their flag
there'll be plenty of other
times they can maybe plant a flag on an
issue this isn't the time
I I would let this one go if I were you
guys so Republicans I know you want to
say blah blah character blah blah don't
like what he did here or there but this
is one of those times I think you need
to be on the same
side maybe more important than just
about anything else that happens because
if you if you don't get this part right
the Attorney General I don't know that
you can get three others parts
right I feel like this is the minimum
requirement for any chance of success
and making big
changes uh Nicole Shanahan continues to
be a National Asset um here she is
talking about Farmland now what I like
about this is that we often have issues
that we should be treating as our
biggest
issues but it's not sexy so you don't so
you need somebody who's willing to you
know remind you that some of this
non-sexy stuff is important and she she
points out the US ranks near the bottom
in total Farmland yet we've become
disconnected from our food
supply um the decision- making about
what's
healthy or unhealthy is in agencies
captured by corporations focus on
profits so basically she's pointing out
that the system of how we manage our
food is a poor system and it guarantees
that you'll eat poison basically because
the corporation wants
profits and as long they can get away
with it they're going to get profits
over
health so yes thank you Nicole shanan
for bringing that up and that you know
I'd like to see this a big part of what
the government focuses on healthy
food according to unusual Wales there's
an article I guess the financial times
that uh the there never been this bad
income disparity so the bottom 40% of
income now account for 20% % of all
spending well the richest 20% account
for 40% of all the spending and it's the
widest gap on record and and likely to
widen further so that's good or
bad is it bad that the richest 20% are
doing 40% of the
spending well here's what I know the
richest people eat roughly the same
amount of food as the poorest
people and their cell phone costs very
similar their car insurance well they
probably have better cars but not that
far
off so where where are the 20% spending
all this
money they're spending it on things that
are made by the lower the lowest
20% if they buy a yacht they kept a
whole bunch of people employed
and not only just running it but you
know making it and buying it Etc if they
invest in a
company again people get jobs so
comparing the rich people expenses to
poor people expenses is
dumb let me let me explain to you what a
normal rich person's life looks like
there's money you spend on yourself and
then there's always a fairly large
circle of people who aren't making
taking it but they're close to you do
you watch them die no you don't you you
end up supporting people who are near
you family people who are close to you
and so if you look at the circle of
people that every top 20% is supporting
it's not just their immediate family and
the Richer they are the more they're
supporting you know a vast number of
other people who couldn't quite make it
so it's not Apples to Apples and you
wouldn't want the richest people to stop
spending money you want the richest to
spend the most money because that's
where the money is if the richest
stopped spending this much money then
all the poor people would have no place
to work because it wouldn't be any no
need for yachts and more expensive cars
and
stuff so this is a sort of economic
comparison that is so
absurd and so misplaced that if you
manage to it it would be a mistake so if
you said to yourself huh we're going to
have to close this Gap no you don't you
don't at all it's not an indication of a
problem it's simply an indication that
some people have money and some don't
that's it and if it got
worse does that make it worse for the
poor
people suppose suppose Elon Musk
quadrupled his net worth
tomorrow but but everybody else stay the
same are they worse off or does he now
uh start a new industry that employs
another 10,000 people who do you want to
have the
money I mean I'm at some level you want
the smartest people to have the most
money because they're putting it into
smart places so terrible terrible
comparison I guess Trump has confirmed
confirmed plans to declare a national
emergency and use milit assets to uh to
ship back them illegal migrants and
Deport people now I think people are
confusing National Emergency with um
martial law it's not martial law and I
don't even know what I I don't even know
what it means for a president to declare
a National Emergency is that like an
executive order or something uh but as
far as I know the military assets would
be used for transportation and maybe
guarding people
temporarily I don't believe the military
is going to be knocking on
doors can you confirm
that does anybody disagree with that
take the military would be sort of the
background support but it would still be
ice and the Border people who are
knocking on the door and handcuffing
people and arresting them but then they
might put them in a military truck to
get ship
back that's my understanding so I'm not
too worried about that that doesn't
sound too bad meanwhile over on news
Nation uh on the show Cuomo and let me
give a shout out to news Nation so news
nation has been trying to be the News
That's not super biased one way or the
other and I don't know that I get it on
my cable I don't I'm not sure if it's on
my cable but I only see the clips from
it usually uh however I would say that
they seem to be
succeeding so if you haven't if you
haven't checked out news
and Cuomo in particular if you're
expecting it to just be Cuomo from CNN
you know the one that talked to Don
Lemon you know at the end of his
show it's
not Cuomo is doing a very good job of
finding the sensible Common Sense
metal and so I give him my complete
endorsement as someone who's doing the
right thing at the right time with the
right set of
skills so
give it a look give it a chance anyway
so uh Cuomo had on Dr Robert Redfield
and he was the ex CDC director and he's
talking about RFK Jr's uh questions
about vaccines and you'd expect the guy
who was the past director of the CDC to
say oh that RFK Jr is a vaccine nut
conspiracy theorist right because he was
the out of the CDC
that that should be what he says right
but he didn't so Redfield said
this um he said that Kennedy's
questionings of questioning of vaccines
and current health models makes him
quote more science oriented than a lot
of his
critics there you
go there you go thank you Dr
Redfield that is exactly correct that's
a reframe but it's coming from somebody
with enough credibility that you say
oh why is he saying that so now you'll
pay attention yes Kennedy's thrust is
100% more science not less 100% with no
and by the way that's not even it's not
subtle it's not
ambiguous he is 100% focused on doing
more better complete real science and
his criticism is that poor science is
what we've been doing so far and I don't
think anybody can beat them on that I
don't think there's anybody that can say
oh oh oh but but we did use good
science I don't think so here's what
they can
say I'm pretty sure that we saved X
number of lives because of a specific
vaccination might be true would Kennedy
say you should get rid of that
vaccination if the science was good and
it showed that it saved lives there's no
indication he would because he's Pro
science he's not making it up he he he's
not going into this rle so he can make
up stuff he he wants the country to be
blended with a better version of science
than the one we're
with so thank you Dr Redfield uh another
pirate for the pirate ship
well over in my neck of the woods at
Berkeley a college which I used to be
proud to have a um a degree a business
degree from uh and I'm no longer proud
of Berkeley I'm I'm disgusted by them
and um honestly I just disavow any
association with them at this point uh
but apparently they had a class
according to the Jerusalem Post they had
a class that was listed on their website
that praised Hamas as a quote
revolutionary resistance
force and uh it said that the
Palestinians are the indigenous ones and
the Israelis are a quote occupying
force uh the course was titled leninism
and anarchism a theoretical approach to
literature and film it states it will
explore the quote genocide of the
indigenous Palestinians by the Israeli
occupying forces
okay well the the update on that is that
Berkeley apparently removed that from
their listings and they're going to have
a conversation with whoever put it there
so here's the good
news even Berkeley wouldn't put up with
that do you get
that everything is going in the right
direction now everything Dr Redfield
heading in the right direction uh ma and
Morning Joe heading in the right
direction right and here Berkeley the
the craziest of the woke crazy has this
crazy thing on it but as soon as it's
pointed out and made public little bit
of light shines on it oh we didn't mean
it moving in the right
direction by being dismantled moving in
the right
direction well let's talk about World
War II um so Biden authorize Ukraine to
use these long range missiles and
weapons to strike inside of
Russia um now you might say to yourself
uh doesn't that cross a red line where
Putin says if you if they attack inside
Russia especially if they're using
weapons that they don't how to use such
as these new Advanced weapons it
indicates that the only persons pushing
the buttons are NATO people
why because the ukrainians don't know
how to push those buttons and maybe we
don't want to show
them so Putin's take which seems to
match the facts is that he's now
fighting
NATO and that if he's fighting
NATO that changes the
calculation and some would say that
would make him likely to go more likely
to go nuclear here's why you don't have
to worry about this I promise you he's
not
crazy so Putin just did a massive
massive strike inside Ukraine like just
one of the biggest ones Ukraine is going
to respond with some strikes inside
Russia Russia knows Putin knows that um
Trump is going to be in power in a few
weeks and he's going to end this they
all know
it what would be the benefit of Putin to
start a nuclear war a few weeks before
the war is going to stop for sure no
matter what none none but would it make
sense for the ukrainians to make a a big
enough scary enough strike inside Russia
that when they come to the negotiating
table Russia is saying you know what
this is bad for us this war instead of
thinking okay we're losing a lot of
people but we keep
winning Ukraine has to make Russia think
that they don't have an easy Cakewalk
all the way to Cave there's no point in
negotiating if Russia thinks they can
win outright so by doing a little bit of
crazy and this is crazy
 let me be
clear Biden
authorizing strikes deep into Russia now
is crazy it's crazy
 but it's the right time to do
it so apparently I don't think Biden's
The Mastermind of this I think all of
the uh I think NATO was in favor of
it and I don't think it's because they
want more War I think because it's the
right way to set yourself up for
negotiations you got you have to look at
least like you're a little bit at parody
Or you don't get any negotiations so
they needed to they needed to pump it up
to at least Russia's level of
aggression and they did so it's closer
to the idea situation that it is to
nuclear war the ideal situation is that
both of them say I can't do this anymore
and it doesn't look like I can easily
win so what do you got for me that's
where we're at that's where we're at
again this looks like bad news probably
not it's probably exactly what we needed
so we'll
see um Alex Soros posted this about the
uh long range weapons that are going to
be used against Russia I think already
at least some of them have been sent um
he posts uh Biden authorizes long range
weapons to strike inside Russia so he
was reposting somebody that said that he
said quote this is great
news
really does does the money person for
the Democrats have to weigh in on a on a
tactical military decision what does
Alex Soros know about Tac iCal military
decisions I feel like he's just in favor
of
War so sounds like he might be the bank
account for the military industrial
complex and the Atlantic Council and you
know the the real owners and shakers of
the universe and uh when he sees more
war he just says oh everybody that I
work with and invites me to meetings and
Pats me on the back they're going to
love this so I love it too
now as you
know uh I don't believe that Alex Soros
has
the uh let's see
capability to do the job that we think
he's doing in other words I think that
he's under somebody's
control
um for one reason or another I I don't
know what it is but he doesn't seem like
he's in charge of the he just doesn't
seem in charge
he he seems very much like he's working
with somebody that he's taking their
word for it somebody's influencing him
it just doesn't feel like he's in charge
all right does anybody disagree with
that I think Alex Sor I think his
father you know might have been closer
to in charge or at least a partner with
the people he's working with but I think
Alex is
just he's just a bank that somebody's
pumping pumping money on if at this
point that's my opinion based on what I
see all right um also about Ukraine
apparently every time that uh the
ukrainians try to make a move the
Russian drones stop it totally so
apparently um it's a drone War now so
let's see um so most of the work is
being done at least by the drones is
spotting the thing they need to destroy
so nobody can kind of make a a secret
anything because the drones are watching
and the drones can kill so here's some
numbers uh Ukraine and and Russia are on
track to make around 1.5 million drones
this
year uh mostly the small ones they only
cost a few hundred few hundred dollars a
piece so sure enough the Ukraine war was
the thing that turned Warfare
into drone Warfare forever I think
because drone Warfare could do as much
damage as a nuclear bomb you just need
lots of drones and you don't have the
nuclear fallout
problem so so part of the problem is you
can escalate without the risk of nuclear
war as much so that's bad the good news
is land War might be
dead uh if if could be that land War
just doesn't work anymore as long as the
other side the one you're trying to
attack if they have access to a million
and a half
drones you could have a real trouble
attacking that country and if you can
make drones that are deadly for only a
few hundred do and that price will go
down to under $100 pretty fast you know
for under $100 you're going to be able
to build a drone that can spot things a
mile away and drop a drop a hand grenade
on it it'll be less than
$100
so the good news is that tanks and
ground forces probably don't have much
purpose as long as one of the entities
has an industrial base or or can buy
drones so that's new and uh that was
predicted in my book um the religion War
which is now part of the new book God's
debris the complete works so that
includes God's debris but also the
sequel called the religion war that
predicted massive drone Warfare is the
primary primary kind of
War anyway
um um according to rasmason uh majority
of Voters support measures to ensure
that elections are
honest and the report the results are
reported quickly now that's no surprise
don't you think everybody wants honest
elections that reported quickly uh of
course they do and um they think
that yeah both the integrity and the
timing or something need to be worked on
but here's the real
note uh even a majority of Democrats
support those measures so Republicans
and Democrats by majority agree that the
elections need better integrity and
maybe maybe paper
ballots so here one of it said 65%
believe that disputes over election
results should be investigated fully
including the use of forensic ballot
audits well 59% say federal election
laws should require the use of paper
ballots
59% and I think that includes a majority
of Democrats think that we should use
paper ballots
alone so let's see let's see if we can
uh complete the dots so the majority of
Americans say that they would trust
paper more than
machines we also
note that the elections did not work on
time and we've got some credibility
problems in Wisconsin and
Pennsylvania now that's our current
situation um here's my
question why do we have
machines the public doesn't want it we
can observe it's not
faster it doesn't appear to be cheaper
it doesn't give us more
credibility we
don't we don't trust them over
paper so can you give me the reason that
we have them and I like to point this
out at least once a month then not once
have you seen a story an article or an
expert explain why they
exists it's one of the biggest problems
in the country we have to actively buy
them in order to have them we have to
actively make it happen yes machines
give me more machines give me the
software update we have to work at it
and yet a majority of the country
doesn't want it doesn't trust it and it
creates massive problems that we're in
right now which is we don't even know
where Wisconsin and Pennsylvania are
going to fall
out so why do we have them
I can only see one
reason I can only see one reason I
believe they were introduced so that we
could control elections in other
countries
speculating and that at some point
somebody said you know might be handy if
we could do it in this country
too why else now if you can find even
one person to go on TV and say that
cartoonist guy H he's all trouble with
his misinformation here are the five
good reasons that machines are better
than paper and then you show it to me
and I go oh okay I wish I'd heard that
sooner do you think that's going to
happen if if even one of you had ever
heard the argument or read a book about
it or S an article that argued in favor
of machines you would be saying it in
the comments right now wouldn't you the
comments would be Scott you don't
understand the advantage is this but
you're
not how could it be that uh what we have
several thousand people who are watching
live several thousand
voters not one of
you has any idea why we have voting
machines none of you I don't I don't
even have a good guess unless it's for
cheating I I don't even know why you'd
have
them
so anyway
that ladies and
gentlemen brings me to the completion of
my prepared remarks is there anything
big that I missed there was so much news
it seems like today that uh I was just
barely trying to keep up with it before
I went live
here yeah now I hear the argument that
if you have a machine in most cases you
also have the paper ballot so you can do
the
audit but that doesn't answer the
question why do you have the
machine I mean it still it still begs
the question if you have the paper
audit why not just use the paper now I
heard somebody say oh it's so people who
have uh disabilities they can use the
machine better than they can write in a
piece of paper but I'm pretty sure we
could work that out pretty sure we could
solve
that all right
um and did I see that the uh new nominee
for is it the department of
energy uh doesn't think climate change
is a crisis it was somebody I wasn't
familiar with but do I have that
right give me a fact check is the
nomination for Department of energy said
out loud just recently he doesn't think
climate change is a crisis which means
he's he's open to it being a change in
temperature
uh if you don't know zalinsky is WF or
you don't know the putting his WF why
are you ignoring it the WF is completely
debunked um anybody who's still on the
WF train you need to you need to up your
game a little
bit there was a time when it it felt
like it made a little bit of sense but
no it doesn't make any sense the WF
thing is complete nonsense most most
people have just given up on that it
used to be that every time I did any
topic the comments were full of it's the
WF it's they they in the WF are trying
to take over the world and and as soon
as klouse what's his name retired and it
just stopped being in the news and it's
so obvious that you know so many people
are not in it there's no way that Putin
is part of the
WF I don't know about zinsky but it's
it's dumb to think Putin
is all right I'm going to go talk to
um my
[Music]
prediction are you asking what my
prediction is everything's going to be
terrific by the way did you hear there's
a um there's a kind of mushroom that
might cure
cancer I I didn't mention it yeah Sergio
the religion War yes
there so there's a what is it called the
white button mushrooms or something that
that they think it can stop cancer in
his
tracks
okay let's hope that's true all right
and uh let's talk to the uh locals
people privately so I'm going to say bye
to YouTube and
Rumble uh and x and I'm coming at you
privately local supporters in 30 seconds
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for