[Music]
Mmmbop um everybody everybody come on in
here it's gonna be a good one might be
one of my best periscopes ever it's time
for coffee with scott adams i'm scott
adams
this is my coffee but you don't need
coffee you just need your favorite
beverage whether it be in a cup or a mug
or a glass could be a tanker to stein or
a chalice it might be a thermos maybe a
flask doesn't matter what it is any kind
of vessel will do fill it with your
favorite liquid and join me now for the
incredible rush of the simultaneous sip
are you ready
dopamine online go mmm so good
so good all right in a moment we're
gonna have a special guest very special
guest bill pulled a to tell you why he
is lighting up the entire internet today
with his his giveaway gonna left a
little few more of you pour in here so
we can get the maximum crowd and bill I
know you're you're standing by so we'll
we'll bring you on live here in a moment
want to talk about a couple of things my
favorite story of the day well two
favorite stories are they one is that a
OC is calling Nancy Pelosi you're racist
well I'll just leave that there there
there are some stories that don't really
require a lot of commentary no
commentary required but a or C is
calling Pelosi a racist look that's the
whole story other favorite story is
there's a Mississippi gubernatorial
candidate who has decided that he will
not allow a woman reporter to follow him
around all day I guess the newspaper was
assigning reporters to candidates and
they would they would track them around
all day and he said that he didn't want
to
with a woman for his religious beliefs
now you knew we were gonna get there
you knew that the me to stuff would have
some negative consequences as well as
positive consequences and it looks like
we're seeing it there everybody who's
commented others so far except for one
person who didn't see him too stable on
the Internet has said so far just the
comments I've seen almost every person
said yeah he's just smart he's just
avoiding a problem and I have to say
that if I didn't know anything about
these candidates and the only thing the
only person I heard about was this one
person who made this decision to keep
himself out of any even potential
trouble I would have a slightly more
positive feeling about that person then
if I had heard nothing at all so those
the fun stories but not as fun as what
we're gonna do next so let me go here
too let's see I want to see waiting for
a bill now let me make sure that we have
done this correctly so I'm gonna make
sure that bill there was to join me
right now hold on hold on all right
this could be him now there is bill
spill disappeared bill might be having a
signal problem let's see we will know in
a moment it's processing all right dough
we're having a trouble adding you right
now I don't know if you could hear me
but I'm gonna tap to cancel that and
then I'm gonna try it again
all right well we're having a little
difficulty here a little technical
difficulty let's try it one more time
bill are you there
bill bill you do not have a good cell
phone connection bill so let me try this
one more time if it doesn't work I'm
gonna have to do this a different way
thank you all for bearing with me bill
can you hear me hey you know you won't
believe it
I may have to sign onto my Wi-Fi here
but the amount of media that's calling
me now I don't even know how these
people get my phone number it's off the
chain I mean I can't stop these phone
calls the robo calls but then it's like
you know this reporter that reporter so
anyway I apologize so let's fill in the
audience for those who don't know what's
going on bill tell tell us a look the
audience who maybe is not familiar with
you yet tell us the offer that you've
made on Twitter well I am basically
giving away one hundred thousand dollars
to people on Twitter and what I'm trying
to do is move philanthropy online into
the 21st century so as we all know
there's these you know cumbersome
requests for proposals all this
rigmarole that people have to go through
in order to get funds and it's actually
a problem that rich people have a hard
time giving away money as I understand
it and so what I'm trying to do is
basically bring philanthropy onto the
internet I mean you'd think somebody
would have come up with this already and
so what I'm trying to do frankly is
strong-arm some of the other rich people
who
by the way have a ton of cash or sitting
on the sidelines who could be giving
money and aren't giving money to be
giving it an immediate need kind of
situation so I'm paying for veterans
dentures I'm paying for electric bills
I'm paying for gas bills I'm paying for
in some cases water some Americans don't
even have access to water
that one's got and you've given away how
many how many chunks so far well I had
the president tweet at me last night
which you know made things interesting
so right there boom with one tweet
that's $30,000 of cash from my own money
and then I probably gave away another 20
grand so I'm I'm probably north of
$50,000 already in cash that I'm giving
away well you know I'm gonna get up to a
hundred and and keep going from there I
mean look if I can't even bring let's
say a billion or two billion dollars
from the sidelines and move it online
and move it into Twitter I mean that
would be huge I mean can you imagine how
many people's lives we would impact and
everybody who's listening to this is
helping me do this and I really
appreciate your help Scott you've been
just amazing with this stuff and
everybody should know how great you've
been with it but together we can do this
well so I love this model and I love the
fact that you can you can test it so
easily and maybe a little morph and
maybe it'll you know become its own
application someday I mean there's
there's no telling where it could go but
just the general idea of how you feel
when you're giving money directly to
people who have a real need like right
now for something that could be
life-changing for you it's it's not much
of an expense for any individual gift
but it completely changes somebody's
life if they don't have any other way to
handle these problems now you you've got
I think last I checked 57,000 followers
on Twitter something like that yeah and
you made it even more interesting offer
just moments before we came on before we
came on on Twitter I think it was just
recently made it tell us about your most
recent offer for a million followers
well I will select people and I will
select causes to give 1 million dollars
to on Twitter once I get to a million
followers and the reason that I'm doing
that is frankly because I want to make
sure that we have enough of a scope
enough of a presence enough of a reach
to be able to impact people with that
money I mean a million dollars there's a
lot of money and so you know I have no
problem giving it to people you know who
really need it but I want to make sure
that we find the most acute cases that
we find the most significant people who
need it I mean you know this guy this
veteran yesterday without dentures I
mean he sent in a video he had no teeth
I mean you know this is the people who
fought for our country and they don't
even have teeth I mean you know you know
and I have friends and I'm sure you do
too Scott I have friends who are
billionaires I have friends who are
millionaires
tens of millions hundreds of millions
you know these people can't take it with
them they can't take it with them so you
know why can't they give back more and I
mean this is the perfect way for the
rich to build a bridge with the poor and
to become one and come into communion
with each other I mean you know you look
at all of this vitriol and hate on
Twitter and I'm trying to inject some
positivity into our culture and I think
we can do it so I'm putting my money
where my mouth is
yeah I see this as as much a leadership
thing as a philanthropy thing in the
sense that you're you're inspiring
people to get on the same channel even
if they're using their own methods etc
so there's there's there's a larger
inspirational message to this just about
how we treat each other and and yeah and
looking for ways to do it in the most
efficient way now looked at one of the
questions here I saw go by is how are
you vetting the different requests I
know you're not looking at a hundred
thousand requests yourself you have some
help I do I have a few people are
helping me but you know I'll tell you
when I started this thing out yesterday
morning I turned to my wife and you know
at first she wasn't let's say the
happiest person in the entire world but
I think she was pretty good with it and
then all the sudden the day progresses
and the present
and retweets me so you know I had like
three people who were helping me with
this and then bang you know the
president sends it out it's like 80
thousand like so now I got hundreds of
thousands of replies so I actually just
posted I think it's gonna take me a few
days to get through it
I've I'm watching some of the comments
here I'm trying not to laugh cry because
because of what you just said but I I'm
just imagining the scene where you know
you're talking to your wife you say I've
decided to do this thing and your wife
is well I don't know you know I'm a
little no I'm not sure if this will be
the best idea in the world and then the
next thing you know the President of the
United States is just retweeted you yeah
yeah well you want to know it's funny
and I'll share this with you because
you're a friend and friends but I went
to dinner last night with my family and
yeah we're sitting there and we're
talking and and my dad's there and my
family's there and and they said well
well you know so tell us about what
happened and so you know I walked
through it or whatever and I said you
know I'm actually trying to get the
President to retweet me right and I
didn't say anything about it you know so
I mean other than that right so I get
home and you know I'm walking onto my
back patio and all of a sudden I hit the
you know the button where you can see if
people mention you says Donald J Trump
I'm thinking holy did that just
happen so I I saw that you also had some
interesting offers out you you tweeted
at Candace Owens and then Kanye and Kim
Kardashian tell it tell us why you
tweeted at them well I also tweeted out
I think $23,000 Kanye retweets it and
25,000 if Kim does it and again I'm
trying to bring people from all across
to do this I mean those two people as
you know very wealthy people so you know
if I can kind of lean on them so to
speak
if everybody could just go and retweet
that and like those posts I think we get
it look we can get the president of
United States I think we can get a
couple of celebrities and I've gotten a
lot of celebrities by the way that have
either followed me or sent me direct
messages I think I'm gonna be going on
Fox today at about 2:45 so we got
momentum Wow
and I I noticed literally just before I
got on this periscope I saw that too
you know non famous followers had just
jumped in one sided to give away 50
bucks one said he would give away 500
that was March nighter
and I thought well you know so it begins
and so it begins
so the hashtag is hashtag Twitter
philanthropy yeah I'm gonna trending
again yep it's gonna start trending has
already tried to and this is this is
just amazing
so your day is completely different now
isn't it yeah
my kind of life is completely different
I mean I've always wanted to do this god
I've always wanted to work hard and then
give the people who were in you know the
toughest of situations and so I'm very
you know happy to be doing this I just I
didn't expect for it to happen this
quick which I'm delighted that it's
happening but now I want to get all that
now I want to get all the rich people's
money and I want that to help the poor
because you know I have one of my
friends he's worth over a hundred
million dollars and he was texting me
earlier I'm trying to get a million
bucks out of him too
but you know it's like you know if you
got over a hundred million dollars like
this guy does why doesn't he give a
million dollars to somebody I mean this
one lady I gave I forget how much I
think it was three four hundred dollars
to yesterday you know she's pregnant
she's working three jobs she has a
husband who also has the job and you
know they're trying to feed their kids I
mean why not give them a leg up for you
know one week or one month that's what
I'm trying to do yeah I've often
wondered about a more rigorous model
where somebody can essentially propose
their own life as something to invest in
I I've for most of my let's say
successful part of my life I've uh I've
helped quite a bit
individually so if somebody has a
specific you know one-on-one problem yes
and and the ones that I'd like to to
help with are very much like with you
help the veteran who is getting the
teeth it's something where you can say
ok this is a very discreet specific
expense which absolutely is going to
help this person in amazing ways could
help get a job can help him socially etc
so when I see those situations where
somebody just needs to pay for a class
they just need to have some child care
until they can figure something out
those I find very attractive because
that it's there's there's no middle
person you get the direct benefit of the
the feeling right and then I and I don't
think people quite understand the
enormity of of what this what this can
lead to because I feel like the world
has become disconnected by I don't know
size and technology etc and and you know
when Emily together yeah you lose the
feeling that you had when we were little
tribes a little family yeah you know
when when your neighbors were helping
you you know yeah yeah you need to raise
a barn you so although the everybody
comes out and helps you put up your barn
but now we're just all distributed and
we're all in their little our little
cubicles and stuff and world we're all
kind of disconnected and somehow just in
24 hours you shrank the world that the
whole world was seven billion people and
suddenly you're talking to the President
of the United States I mean via Twitter
but still you Bill Paul Tay who said I
got an idea and I have my phone in my
hand and next thing you know the entire
Internet is lit up and all the most
important people in the world are tuning
in and saying yeah I think I would like
to help raise a barn I think I would
like to help my neighbor how's that feel
it's the feeling that I think is the
magic juice here it's the the way it's
going to be reported is
you know people are gonna report it as
it's about the money but that's what
gets you the attention but it's really
about the feeling and I you can tell
from the comments here that people are
getting a contact high just just by
being part of it yeah well what you just
said there is absolutely beautiful and
gives me chills I mean that really is
beautiful and that is the feeling that
you get I mean it's always been said you
know when you give you receive and you
know I've really experienced that the
last 24 hours it's been incredibly
touching so yeah I hope we can do it and
I know we can do it I mean you know I
woke up yesterday with this idea the
next thing you know it's not Donald J
Trump now you you're obviously for many
of the viewers here you're you're more
well-known for your work on the blight
blight Authority and cleaning up the
blight in the inner cities something
that you you've also used your own money
and collected money from as a rich
people to do do you have anything
upcoming that you'd like to tease yeah
we got a huge announcement coming next
week so we'll probably be back on with
you Scott if you'll have us yes you know
it's gonna be just an incredible week or
two here so it would be interesting to
see the momentum we get and just really
appreciate all of your followers and as
everybody knows you can retweet at Pulte
at tu LTE would really appreciate the
love and support if anybody wants to
match us as you saw Scott you had gotten
some people who are starting to match
some of my gifts which is just amazing I
think we can really create a phenomenon
here it's only a matter of time before
this happens so why not have it happen
now and why not have more good happen
now yeah why not why not and I don't
know bill did you see the video of
there's some startup who built a giant
robotic arm sort of a size of a crane if
you want to size that that built a house
and of blocks in what two days it was
just a big arm that would grab a block
and place it and in a built in an entire
the wall structure in two days did you
see that
I didn't now so just just imagine that
that already works in
prototype you know there's a video of
that robot actually building a house in
two days and I'm thinking there are
probably lots of startups lots of people
who have ideas for what to do with these
blight cleared areas once you know once
the the land is available so anybody
who's in that industry of trying to
build a structure a unique way could
either contact me or Bill Polti on
Twitter and we'd love to see your ideas
when you say bill I would love it I
would love it we got a lot of momentum I
mean you even look at some of these
comments you know here that you know
it's the different followers so it's uh
it's all very exciting and I think we're
just getting started so a lot more to
come all right so bill I'm guessing that
you've got a lot to do today
am i right is there anything else you
want to leave us with before I let you
go get back to that the media is gonna
be picking you apart today in the good
way oh no I would just say you know
let's continue the good let's continue
the positivity let's continue the good
vibes if you can retweet my stuff get it
out there like it for everybody who's
done it you've been amazing Scott I mean
really you know thank you for everything
you've done and I think we can do
something great here so let's let's do
something good I mean there's so much
negativity on all these platforms all
this crap let's take it throw it out and
let's replace it with love generosity
kindness you know that's one of the
other things that I'm doing too is if
you if you guys if anybody here on
periscope or on Twitter is doing acts of
generosity I'll also give money to you
too
I mean we need to be more generous to
the people that were around all needs to
be loved that's it Scott well bill you
are incredible inspiration to me and to
I can tell in the comments to the rest
of the people here thank you so much for
what you do we will talk to you again
very soon and I'm gonna let you go now
thanks all right bye all right that is
amazing so we'll we'll update you on
that as as events happen so let's talk
about some more things so today is the
big tech summit at the White House have
you heard about that
the tech summit so apparently all of the
there's a big group of people who were
invited to the White House to talk about
the fact that the tech platforms have
some bias let me say some alleged bias
and just to keep it technically accurate
and I know all of you think it's a
confirmed bias but let's just call it
alleged and bringing focus to that
question now here's what's interesting
about the tech summit in order to talk
about any kind of any kind of bias or
shadow banning or or banning from
platforms you can't really invite a
bunch of normal people who were in the
middle-of-the-road who have never been
banned and never been shadow banned it
wouldn't make sense to have a summit on
this issue if the only people you
invited were middle-of-the-road people
who didn't have any problem in the first
place so in order to find out where the
boundaries are and to see if something
needs to be fixed which is you know part
of the exploration of the summit you
need to bring in the fringe characters
you need to you need to bring in people
who can help you define the edge what is
the edge who is too far who is who is
simply wrong versus evil who is simply
giving an opinion versus destroying the
the country through their through their
actions in some way yeah so I saw I
mentioned this yesterday that CNN
referred to this as it's going to look
like a Star Wars bar scene to which I
say I hope so because otherwise it's no
good if it doesn't look like a Star Wars
bar scene then they invited the wrong
people you need the people who are gonna
make your hair catch on fire they're the
ones who matter all the people in the
middle don't matter they're already
getting everything they want they don't
have a problem
so but within that group you know
there's gonna be lots of chatter about
who got invited who got invited and then
disinvited and stuff like that I don't
think that's gonna be too terribly
important it's fun to talk about it's
gossipy it's hey why this one get in why
didn't this one get in but not terribly
important here's what's important let me
give you the the three-dimensional look
on this I've told you many times that
persuasion starts with attention if you
can't get people's attention
you can't persuade and so what President
Trump does better than anybody has ever
done in a leadership position like this
except maybe Steve Jobs is that he can
draw attention to the thing he wants you
to think about now that's not a solution
simply drawing attention to something
doesn't solve it but it is the first
step and it's a necessary step excuse me
and it's the step that the White House
is doing if you expect too much from the
summit you will be disappointed because
I don't think we should expect that the
summit will produce legislation I don't
think the summit is going to produce an
executive order in all likelihood what
the summit will produce is attention and
focus and energy I think it will do all
of those things and partly because
people will be complaining about who's
in who's out whether they're too far or
what's the real problem here think about
the president's challenge the
president's challenge is getting
attention for something when all the
people who control your attention the
tech platforms and the news don't want
you to have that attention so the
president is creating an event that's so
hard to ignore
they even the people who want to
suppress that information can't ignore
it because it'll be too much fun to mock
it the fact that it's a it's gonna look
like a star wars at bar scene is both
the real
the people will pay attention to it
mocking it criticizing it you know every
bad thing in the world but it's also the
only way you can penetrate their
Fortress of control so the president
completely completely consistent to his
his processes that work all the time he
is forcing the world to look at
something they didn't want to look at
that's the win the win is that we're
talking about it if you think if you
think the game is to command this was
some kind of a solution well then you're
on the wrong game that's not the game
that comes later there will be some kind
of actions later we don't know what they
will be they might be legislation it
might be monopoly break up action it
could be I've been suggesting that the
best way forward is some kind of a
social media court some kind of a
special judge whose only job is to make
sure that the algorithms are fair but
without presenting the algorithms deep
information to the public because the
public could game it if they had too
much information so I think that's where
it's all going ahead I think at some
point there will be something that looks
a little bit like oversight or a special
court to guarantee freedom of speech
within the you know within the the
limited realm of technology and
platforms it's not the freedom of speech
that the Constitution talks about
because that's about the government but
because the social platforms have
effectively become the primary way we
communicate they have the power of a
government it's accidental nobody
planned it that way
but the social media platforms do have
the power of a government and so it's a
it's a fair conversation for the country
to have do we need to treat it a little
bit more as if these big entities are in
essence accident
just by the you know the accident of
history they've become government like
and should they be subject to the same
free speech let's say parameters as the
government itself so that's a good
question and I'm glad we're having that
conversation the big the big trap in
this summit and you've probably already
you're probably all ahead of me on this
what is the big trap what's the worst
thing that could happen at this summit
the worst thing that could happen is a
group photo it's the worst thing that
could happen if the pret I I don't know
how you avoid it because it's the White
House right so there's there's gonna be
somebody with a camera somebody with a
phone there are gonna be pictures but I
don't think you want to be standing next
to the the people who are in the Star
Wars bar room scene that are the ones
you don't want your brand associated
with so they're gonna be people there
who were pretty let's let's say there
will be people at the summit who are
known to be very credible somebody
mentioned Tim Poole I think he's gonna
be there he would be an example of
someone who to the best of our knowledge
is a credible player who deals in facts
and rational discussion if he gets his
picture taken standing next to a
supporter of cue that's not good for Tim
pool right now he might not care
I can't poke I'm not gonna read his mind
I'm not gonna not gonna make any
suggestions for how he live his life or
who he takes this picture with so I'm
not giving him any any advice on that
but I would say it's a trap
I think you have to be careful what the
group of picture looks like and if I
were one of the people attending which
I'm not I would not submit two
photographs so I
how can it be avoided but I think that's
the trap because those photographs will
come back to bite you someday and
somebody's gonna say Tim Poole
why is he credible here's a picture of
him standing next to people who are not
credible
so how do you explain that now won't
actually mean anything if you stood next
to somebody and somebody took a picture
we should all be able to do that it's a
free country
the president doesn't all the time that
the president has pictures taken with
people who are supporters some of them
are credible some of them are not but
he's sort of above that you know he can
he can take the heat as he often says
but be cautious with your own reputation
because maybe you can't now an
interesting thing happened with one of
the invitees to the summit who was
uninvited you're probably watching this
story it's Ben garrison a very talented
cartoonist who does cartoons that are
primarily associated with the right and
pro Trump stuff you've probably all seen
most of you have probably seen his work
on the Internet so the first thing I'm
gonna say is very talented so on a
professional level cartoonist a
cartoonist he's really good at what he
does
so I want to put that out there but he I
guess he was invited and then he got
uninvited because some of his cartoons
surfaced to higher visibility that were
he was accused of being anti-semitic and
one well three of his cartoons but one
of them in particular and that cartoon
showed a double puppet situation where
the top was the Rothschild banking on a
banking family with Papa strings to
George Soros with Papa strings to a
couple of generals at the time so the
idea was that there was some chain of
control there I guess I guess I was the
point of the comic and the various
groups said hey that looks anti-semitic
because the Rothschilds are Jewish Soros
is Jewish
so are you trying to make some kind of
message about Jews running the world or
something so he got in trouble for that
and he was disinvited from the summit I
tweeted at him saying that it would be
useful for him to give a what the hell
were you thinking explanation now hear
my words carefully because I got widely
misinterpreted in this exchange on
Twitter I'm asking for an explanation of
what the intention of the comic was you
did not hear me say please apologize for
it right that's not in what I just said
I said this is a comic that some people
interpreted in a negative way what did
you intend so I thought that was a
reasonable question because because in
order to interpret whether you're mad at
it or whether you should be upset by it
you should first understand what did the
creator mean and was it intended to send
the message that people seem to be
receiving perfectly reasonable question
here's the answer I got from Ben
garrison he said and I'm quoting from
his tweet don't play the lefts game if
you criticize Soros slash Rothschild
you're anti-semitic if you criticize
Obama you're racist if you criticize
Hillary or Elizabeth Warren you're
misogynist if you criticize open borders
you're xenophobe if you criticize
climate change
you're anti science now so his some
people I see in the comments agreeing
with his stand now here's the thing I I
appreciate a principled stand and it's
not unlike the President himself who
doesn't apologize for things and he
doesn't go out of his way to try to
explain anything away I think it works
for the president for the following
reason he hasn't really done anything
that is legitimately
anti-semitic or legitimately racist a
hundred percent of the things that he's
been accused of let's say since the
campaign and since you know I'm not
gonna delve into his twenty or thirty
years ago because I just don't do that
in general no matter who it is but if
you're looking at his campaign and his
presidency so far there are literally no
examples of actual anti-semitism or
actual racism to be to be concerned with
so when he doesn't apologize and he
doesn't explain it's because there's
nothing to apologize for
and there's nothing to explain and so
that's actually a strong play because
he's treating it like it's unimportant
and he can get away with that now Ben
garrison has taken what I would consider
a similar stance that he's not going to
play the lefts game of getting into the
explain yourself apologize explain
yourself apologize every time you know
you walk outdoors is that a good
strategy well here's how I would define
this if what you've done is legitimately
legitimately not a problem but you're
being criticized for it and reasonable
people can look at the information and
they can say yeah you don't need to
apologize for this
it's just critics being critics under
those conditions not apologizing seems
like a pretty good strategy and the
president has proven ineffective he's
proven ineffective and in fact when you
saw Biden apologizing and some of the
Democratic candidates apologizing for
being attacked by their own side
they looked weak now remember I didn't
ask Ben garrison to apologize that never
came into my mouth and never tweeted it
never asked for it probably wouldn't ask
for it because I'm not the person who
needs an apology I'm not offended but I
did think that it was unclear and I
didn't know what he intended is it fair
to ask for somebody to be clear
if you're not sure of what they intend
well I always think that's fair he
decided not to here's the problem a
comic
this shows the rothschild with a puppet
string - soros with a puppet string to
the government of the united states
looks - most reasonable observers
exactly like an offensive anti-semitic
comic it looks exactly like it now is
that something you should never explain
now if the explanation had been it's
only a coincidence that they they have
some you know ethnic religious
correspondence I would say okay the the
religion part had nothing to do with the
the point then I know a little bit more
about why you're trying to say but when
you leave it out there without the
explanation you expose yourself so I'm
not going to oh and I should also point
out that garrison did do a public
statement where he said in his public
statements that he's not anti-semitic
and he said some other things my my take
on that is that the question of his
anti-semitism alleged has been asked and
answered somebody said are you
anti-semitic and he said absolutely not
to me that's the answer
now I'm still confused about what the
point of the comic was but he doesn't
need to answer me so people were saying
to me why must he do something why must
he explained or why must he apologized
to which I say he doesn't have to do
anything Ben garrison does not have to
do anything different somebody's saying
it's my problem not his exactly that's
what I'm saying
I'm saying I had a request I would like
to know what the comic meant
Ben garrison would not like to tell me
absolutely okay right I do not have a
problem with that I'm not asking him for
an apology I asked him for a
clarification he doesn't want to give it
he told me why he doesn't want to give
it perfectly acceptable all right so he
and I don't have any any point of
disagreement can you get that because
people are gonna see this as some kind
of a cartoonist on cartoonist
controversy and it's not that at all I
asked a question he said he chooses not
to answer it and he told me why and it's
a coherent response now I would have
treated it differently if I were in his
position I would not have treated it
this way I would have said oh no this is
not what you think it is or I might have
said it is what you think it is whatever
it is that the point was and he chooses
not to now in choosing not to
strategically it seems to me he has now
allowed himself to be branded forever as
an anti-semite obviously he's fine with
that if it were me I would not want to
be branded with that label and so here's
the part people are missing I had hoped
to offer him an escape hatch I had hoped
to offer him an easy door they could
walk through so there would be some
public record that clearly says oh god
now this wasn't anti-semitic it was this
or that whatever it was whatever he was
thinking which I still don't know he
decided not to take that door again
perfectly reasonable decision it's his
life it's his career he has a philosophy
of how to deal with this situation he
explained his philosophy perfectly he is
being consistent with his philosophy I
don't have any problem with that I
respect it but
here's the thing he's made a choice that
guarantees he will be branded with this
label and this will probably have a lot
of effect on the rest of his life but if
it's a choice he prefers it's a free
country and I'm okay with that
all right but he has to live with the
consequences as we all do right that's
there's no difference between him and
anybody else we all have to live with
the consequences of our decisions Megan
Rapinoe the star of the women's soccer
said that she was saying that the female
soccer players should get equal pay with
the men now there's some question about
how big the pie is and all that and
people have talked about that too plenty
but I asked the question on Twitter
should you be paid the same if you're if
you're an athlete and your job is to
entertain if you offend half of your
potential audience or whatever it is 30
or 40% if you offend that much of your
audience should you be paid as much as
someone who doesn't offend anybody
because that audiences who views your
your content who do buys tickets etc now
if you have a boss and it's the boss's
job to decide how much to pay everybody
would you pay somebody who is driving
customers away as much as you would pay
somebody who's attracting them now she's
a mix she sort of a mixed bag because I
think she attracts people because she's
so charismatic and interesting and she
plays so well so she's certainly
bringing people to the game there's no
question about that
but she might also be driving people
away from the game we don't know the net
of that yet so I put that question out
there I don't have an answer myself I'm
just putting the question out there
because I thought it was a fair question
somebody on Twitter said should a
cartoonist be paid as much if they
offend half of their half of their base
of customers as I have so that was a
fair question too so so should somebody
like me
a cartoonist who has clearly offended at
least half of my potential customers
should I be paid the same and I answered
I've already lost probably 30 to 40% of
my revenue almost immediately the the
moment I started talking about president
Trump's candidate Trump's persuasion
abilities I remember I'm left to Bernie
so policy wise sometimes I'm on the same
page with the president sometimes I'm
not what I was talking about his
persuasion talents and I am a big fan of
his of his effectiveness and and I like
him personally so I'm not gonna I'm not
going to deny those things I've also
supported you know Bill Clinton when he
was president etc so it's not so much
about the party I'm not a Republican but
it was a fair question should I be paid
the same if I've offended a big chunk of
my audience and the answer is no no I
knowingly went into this knowing that my
income would would go way down if I if I
exercised my full right of freedom of
speech I chose to exercise my full right
of freedom of speech and my income went
down 30% immediately now it's a pretty
big deal so I'm just asking the same
question about the soccer players but
the difference is I don't have a boss my
boss is every every client newspaper
every person who clicks on the internet
to see my comic everybody who may or may
not want to do a licensing deal or
invite me to speak etc so I have I guess
millions of customers if you'd look at
it that way and so if 500,000 of my
customers fire me I still have a few
million left so I'm in a different
situation than someone is who is a
professional athlete profession
professional athlete has a boss one
person so you
compare them directly that's a fair
question
let's say those were my primary primary
topics and oh yeah
athletes are paid what their boss is
willing to pay and what they're willing
to accept yeah it's always a market
market negotiation situation that is
correct yeah steel straw death yeah
that's that's not an interesting story
it's just a horrible my I was somebody
just asked about my book release you're
talking about my book loser think this
is the the uncorrect 'add proof for
limited distribution so the real book
will be on sale to the public November
5th
roughly the same time as the audio
version
I haven't yet recorded the audio version
but I'll be doing that in September you
can't get this one can't get this one
because it's the one that gets sent out
to reviewers and important people who
might you might want to provide some
kind of a nice comment about it what do
you think can you see it clearly how
does it look I just want you to see the
reason I'm showing it to you is because
I I engaged all of you on the internet
to look at samples of covers and this is
the one you collectively like the most
so Christina was reading it the other
day somewhere and and noticed that
people who couldn't stop commenting on
it and looking at the cover so generally
speaking as a general rule people don't
really buy books because of the cover
you buy books because of the content the
author or the the topic what other
people have said about it etc in fact
there are tons of bestsellers that are
nothing but just let
on the front you know just saying what
the book is but I think this one might
be different this might actually be the
kind of book where the cover makes you
buy it am I wrong about that because
there's something they that Stokes your
curiosity about the people in the
bubbles right
don't they make you curious it's the
curiosity that should bring your
attention to it and it's designed that
way who's in the bubble why are they in
bubble was that me in the bubble if I'm
in the bubble how do I get out of it oh
my god we're all in bubbles now part of
what I teach people who are trying to
learn to write is I tell them that if
you want if you want a lot of people to
like your writing you know you don't
always shoot for that but if your
objective is for lots of people to like
it and buy it and read it then the way I
describe what you should do is I say
that you you should write what people
are already thinking but write it better
than they're thinking so you don't want
to introduce a brand new idea that
nobody thinks is true yet and then try
to talk him into it that's a tough sell
you want to take an idea that people
already have in some lesser formed sense
in their mind it's already there but it
doesn't have a name yet it's it's
something we've all witnessed but
nobody's labeled it yet nobody's really
defined it yet and I think this whole
bubble reality that we're in is that
nobody has really quite defined what it
means to be in the bubble you know other
than we all know we're watching our own
news news sources etc that part's
obvious but nobody has really defined
this area and so I think this will be
the book to do it and it will give you
lots of tips for getting out of your own
bubble but more importantly how to get
people out of their own bubble as well
and of their bubble john travolta is in
the bubble somebody said somebody says I
love it when the author reads the book
yeah so I will do the audio on this Iran
versus British oil tanker story I might
need to catch up on that story somebody
says they don't buy books Claire says
she knows doesn't buy a book if she
doesn't like the cover yeah you know
there's probably something to that in
the book business I once asked the
question could I relaunch a book with a
different cover and at least in the
publishing business there's not a sense
that the cover makes that much
difference you want a good cover if you
did everything wrong I suppose you could
cause people not to buy your book but
the difference between the very best
cover and one that's just pretty good is
not going to it's not a big difference
in sales yeah I did a B test the book
covers to get to the one I have all
right that's all I got to say and I will
talk to you all later