[Music]
hello everybody good morning happy
weekend what a terrific day
it's a terrific day to be alive and to
be joining me for a coffee with Scott
Adams and the the amazing amazing
simultaneous sip it's the best thing
ever it's the way to start your day get
your dopamine running are you ready oh
you use a cover of our glasses time to
tell us the tanker to thermos a flask a
canteen of vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid get ready for
the dopamine hit here it comes go let me
tell you my best idea that I haven't
tested yet I have an idea
for dealing with snoring now it's for
people who don't have let's say some
physical issue and it combines
technology with hypnosis are you ready I
don't know if this will work but it's
based on so you've seen the ear the ear
what are they called ear buds from Apple
and they're a great little product so my
idea uses a product like an earbud it
can actually be the ear buds but let's
say is optimized for sleeping so this
one's not too good for sleeping because
if you put your head on it it can fall
out and might not feel comfortable so
imagine something like an air bud that's
built to figure ear comfortably and you
can sleep on the pillow it'll be fine
and all the ear bud will do is listen
for the sound of your snoring and when
it detects it here's the cool part your
ear bud will whisper into your ear a
pre-recorded voice that is your own
telling you what to do so it might say
turn on your side just very softly turn
on your side and it would be you talking
to yourself while you're half asleep or
mostly
now what would happen in the long run
now the first few times it happens it
would probably wake you up because you
adhere roll on your side you'd be like
well you know wake you up and you'd like
okay and you'd roll on your side what
happens after the hundredth time that
your own voice whispers in your ear
Scott roll on your side after the
hundredth time this is my hypothesis
after the hundredth time your own voice
in your own head whispers to you to turn
on your side
it won't wake you up anymore but you'll
still turn on your side now it's a
hypothesis and it could require some
some different sentences so maybe it's
something like your stop snoring maybe
it's something like breathe maybe it's
something like breathe through your nose
but whatever the messages are and you
might have to experiment with the one
the theory is that you would effectively
hypnotize yourself that the trigger you
heard which is your own voice the most
compatible thing you'll ever hear is
you're yourself talking to yourself
you'll find this very persuasive one of
the ways I discovered this is by
listening to my periscopes on playback I
gotta tell you that listening to the
sound of your own voice if you're
talking about something that's
interesting is more fun than it should
be
because we love ourselves when we listen
to ourselves talk
we're also we're saying things that
sound brilliant to us and it's very
compatible with us now this is based on
the concept of pacing and leading in
hypnosis and in persuasion if you want
to persuade somebody first you match
them you might match their breathing you
might match their body language you
might match the types of words they use
you might match the style that they
speak you know so you look for as many
things as you could match especially
their opinion you match their opinion
and then once you've done enough
matching called pacing you can start
saying things that they don't or
I feel or believe and they're more
likely to go with you because you've
matched them so far so this is taking
that concept to yourself just putting
the the message in your gear a
pre-recorded message from yourself what
to do and I think it would translate him
to staying asleep and still still
reacting so that's the test
I give that away to the world for free
if somebody wants to make that and you
could probably make it out of an earbud
and an app on the phone and you don't
even need a new piece hardware if you're
willing to sleep with an earbud in
alright next topic I'm going to give you
my opinion of the three most credible
voices in the world on politics all
right so here are the three most
credible people in the world in my
opinion on politics number one Joe Rogan
number two Dave Chappelle number three
Whoopi Goldberg why do I say that I say
that because the three of them clearly
are willing to listen to data and
information and they're clearly willing
to go against their own team when it's
obviously a good idea so I'm not saying
that you should believe what any of
those three say so I'm not I'm not
suggesting that you should match their
opinions I'm saying that they're
credible meaning that even if you don't
like their opinion they have the ability
to go against their own team it's very
rare and when they go against their own
team that comes off as authentic and it
comes off as credible and in the case of
Joe Rogan I don't even know if you could
say he has a team I mean he's he's so
he's so intellectually I would say high
grounded I don't know I don't even know
a word for him so he sort of you sort of
occupies the high ground pretty much all
the time which makes it impossible to
identify him with a with a specific
politics because there's always a high
ground
and that's a little bit above both those
he just lives there
so does dave chappelle dave chappelle
just lives in the high ground he's
willing to call out his side he'll call
out your side he doesn't care and he
seems about equally willing to go either
way and then Whoopi Goldberg sort of
caught my attention by going against
Debra Messing and calling that out is
just a horrible idea so I just like to
give them a little a little respect for
being the three most credible voices in
the world some but I saw somebody
mentioned Tim Poole and he would be up
at the top of the list - have y'all
heard the hashtag decoupling it's it's
not a Hollywood term for a divorce
although it's sort of this but
decoupling refers to discontinuing trade
with China and so I think you're gonna
see that hashtag decoupling more at the
moment the three people that I know who
talked about it the most are Gordon
Chang who was an expert on China Lance
Bass who was really a you I think he's
China's biggest enemy right now I guess
he's a hedge fund guy and me
they're probably other famous ish voices
speaking out against China but the three
of us I know are actively saying let's
cut the cord but I'm going to add
something to that because you know China
has their famous Social Credit System
and that seems like a well if
that's a good idea
how about this China how about if we
take your idea of a social credit score
and say well that's good
how about the world creates a trade
credit score in other words how about a
score - to measure the trade worthiness
of other countries why not it doesn't
already exist because it might already
exist right maybe it needs a little
attention if it already exists but a
decoupling if you're coming in late
refers to just discontinuing trade with
China
because China is a an enemy and not a
trading partner we know this because the
fentanyl they're shipping here killing
50,000 people a year in this country we
know it from stealing our IP we know it
from the bad trade deals we know it from
their cyber attacks and their military
you know emphasis at the moment so so
that's what do you couple gets me so
here's my suggestion
let's take China's idea and if
somebody's already doing it maybe we
just give them some attention but the
idea is to give our trading partner
countries a score for their there's
trading worthiness and we would measure
such things as are you at war with our
country that would be a checkbox now
there's sending enough fentanyl our way
from China through Mexico to the United
States that I would say yes China is at
war with the United States because they
could stop it they choose not to we
don't need to know why they could stop
it they choose not to that's the end of
the story you don't need to know the
details they choose to send weapons of
mass destruction in the form of fentanyl
to our country they could stop it they
just choose not to that would be a
failing grade so no matter what else you
were doing right that would be a failure
so I would imagine our checklist for
trade worthiness the trade credit score
would have a number of things like do
you steal IP do you have intellectual
property protections do you have a court
system that can adjudicate things in the
business context do you have a tariff
system which is fair are you doing
dumping on our shores so it'd be that
sort of questions my guess is that China
would be deemed unworthy if we just did
an objective a trade and I think that
that would be so devastating to them in
in terms of intellectual not
inflectional international commerce that
i
let's do it let's put a little pressure
on them let's rank our countries you
know who do you want to do business with
Japan a plus right who do you want to do
business with the Great Britain a plus
trance a plus you know
Amsterdam you know Holland Netherlands a
plus Norway a plus Sweden a plus China F
all right let's talk about sharpie gate
sharpie Gate has to be the dumbest of
all scandals controversies I don't know
what it is it's so dumb
here's the thing so the president has
tweeted out a CNN clip where their
weather person calls out Alabama as
being at risk CNN on the air said
Alabama was at risk from the Dorian
storm
that's what Trump said right now I guess
no I first said no but now they they've
come out with a new statement today or
yesterday this says well we should not
have said that Alabama is not in danger
we should have stated it as more of a
you know a statistical risk which would
allow that there is some risk that's
bigger than what we're saying will
happen that's what I said so what did I
say when I looked at the controversy
without even digging into it I said that
if if if you're forecasting can't tell
the difference between the storm is
going this way or the storm is going
that way then it's certainly fair to say
that Alabama is at risk because you
don't know where the storm is going and
it's certainly somewhere within that
larger your risk statement so the
president was a hundred percent in my
opinion a hundred percent directionally
accurate when saying that the risk
extended to maybe Alabama at one point
and now NOAA has confirmed that so it
doesn't matter who drew on it with a
sharpie it's the least important thing
we'll talk about I can't think of
anything less
or bloomin but I guess that's good Bill
Maher made a big point about how the
Democrats keep talking about health care
but they don't talk about the American
diet and doing something to reduce the
number of people who are eating
themselves to death
I got a I got a go with Bill Maher on
this now at the same time that I'm
willing to say you know we don't live in
the country where the government tells
you what to eat but we do sort of live
in the country where the government
tells you what to eat they kind of do
it's just not a law the government gives
you the nutritional pyramid which may or
may not it's no longer a pyramid I think
it's something else now but they do have
nutritional guidelines that people
largely ignore and they do require food
labels which people largely ignore so I
don't know what else the government
could be doing except education perhaps
you know if if the government said we
were going to start educating let's say
preteens on how to eat properly you know
we're gonna make that part of the school
curriculum I would say pretty good idea
pretty good idea but if it goes beyond
education that would be a problem all
right let's talk about rehab so I
tweeted an article that suggests that
rehab doesn't work that well meaning
that the success rate of rehab is pretty
low and there are different ideas for
why that is but I'm gonna I'm gonna add
an idea to the mix so here's the
question can you determine from DNA
whether somebody has addictive
possibilities in other words if I were
to test everybody's DNA on this
periscope could I tell with a fair level
of certainty from the DNA which of you
have the potential to become drug
addicts or which of you are unlikely to
become jack drug
I believe the answer is yes I believe
the answer is that we can tell now let
me suggest this if you're a drug dealer
and you were to sell what are these
illegal drugs to someone who had tested
their DNA and had communicated to you in
some fashion I don't know if it's just
imagine this as a thought experiment and
somehow you knew it could be because
they you know they were a pin on their
chest that said you know my DNA makes me
an addict could be because they've told
all their friends and you happen to know
so let's say the situation is the drug
addict knows that they're selling a drug
to somebody who has addictive
personality based on their DNA should
that not be the death sentence for the
dealer because if you sell if you're a
dealer and you sell a drug to somebody
whose DNA makes it some more optional
whether they become a drug addict and
that person goes ahead and takes too
much your drug and dies I would say well
that was a drug dealer and a drug user
who were using something like free will
and choice and they did something they
that was a bad choice and somebody died
well I think the drug dealer still needs
to you know answer to the law in that
case just for dealing drugs that are
illegal but I don't think that's the
death penalty seems to me that if they
unknowingly sold the drug to somebody
who had that DNA structure well it was a
bad risk but everybody knew what they
were doing it's still illegal but if
you're a drug dealer and you knowingly
sell your drug to someone who has
addictive DNA is that the same because
that's a lot like killing somebody I
think that should be treated as
attempted murder and should be charged
that way because if you give a drug to
somebody who has addictive personality
and you know it it's sort of an
attempted murder all right so I'm going
to throw that out there I think we need
a lot more a lot more
knowledge about wise why rehab works
with some people and why not I'll tell
you what my hypnosis professor taught me
which is one of the probably the most
useful lesson you will learn anywhere at
any time and I'm going to share it with
you are you ready for one of the most
useful lessons about human beings you'll
ever hear my hypnosis instructor was
overweight and people asked him about
using hypnosis to quit smoking and to
lose weight and the instructor said
here's the deal paraphrasing hypnosis
does work for losing weight and it does
work for quitting cigarettes and it
works in exactly the same ratio as every
other method in other words and this is
how we further explained it if somebody
has decided to quit smoking or they've
decided to quit wait and the key word is
decided not wants to not desires do not
has a goal of but is decided once the
person is decided there are a lot of
methods that work hypnosis is just one
of the methods you could use you're
chantix and you're your weight loss your
Weight Watchers if you've made the
decision you're gonna poke around until
you find a method that works and you're
probably good you'll probably get some
good results if you have not decided but
rather you think that the technique you
are going to select will change your
mind for you there's some how the
process of I don't chewing the nicotine
gum or the process of going to rehab or
the process of joining Weight Watchers
if you think the process of doing those
things is going to put your mind a
decision about it it's not it's going to
remove the decision from you because
you're going to say well I'll just go
through these steps and I guess
something how good will happen I haven't
really decided but I've just decided to
go through these processes so that's
probably the single biggest thing
somebody has to decide that the getting
off the drugs is better than being on
the drugs and that's a tough sale let me
tell you from my stepsons example my ex
and I tried to get him into rehab it did
get him into rehab a few times so rehab
of course didn't work for him and he
went along with it because he was a
minor at the time and he sort of had to
do what he was told but he made it clear
from the moment he went in then he
wasn't planning on stopping you know he
would say some words like oh yeah I want
to stop doing the hard stuff but I'm
certainly not going to stop drinking I'm
certainly not going to stop you know
smoking marijuana because I don't want
to be alive and not be able to party and
he said that directly and often he said
I prefer death to a life where I can't
hang out with my friends have some beers
smoke some pot he said it often and he
said it credibly and he never he never
got off of that and every time that we
took him someplace where he could get
clean for a while he would tell us
directly when I come back of course I'm
gonna be drinking and of course I'm
gonna you know probably smoke cigarettes
and of course I'm going to smoke
marijuana because those things are so
bad and everybody does that and that's
just being a normal normal young person
and of course everybody tried to
convince him that that's addict talk
that if he doesn't understand that doing
those other things guarantee you will do
the harder stuff if he doesn't
understand that no rehab can help you
you know you're basically on your way to
death so his death that came as
unfortunately no surprise because he
told us a system and a strategy that
didn't guarantee he would have an
overdose but it made it very likely and
that's the path he went
somehow we have to get past the deciding
to do it and I don't know how to do that
okay here's the controversial
thing that's happening at the moment
some of you are watching that bill polt
a who's been doing the internet
philanthropy and as well as the blight
Authority stuff doing good work for the
public he's made his money he's trying
to give back he's trying to promote this
idea of giving on the Internet by
creating example building up his his
Twitter followers and trying to make it
more of a robust you know national thing
and I've been helping along the way and
apparently a bunch of queue followers
have started digging up just crazy
conspiracy theories it seems to be
mostly the queue people and and they
they're imagining that he's being funded
by Soros crazy yeah there because I
guess Soros may have some investments
and Polti homes which bill is not even
directly involved with at the moment but
everybody can invest in a public company
right investing in a public company is
just business as usual so I'm going to
give away a thousand dollars of bills
money so he's agreed to let me give away
a thousand dollars and the way I'm going
to do it is in the spirit of
experimentation all right so I'm going
to experiment and I haven't quite
figured out what angle I'm gonna take
how to do this it's just an experiment
now one of the things that people
complained about and I get I guess what
they're saying is they they found it
unpleasant to see people competing
competing to get the money and so all
look for some suggestions so before I
make this public before I tweet about it
if anybody has this just a suggestion of
what would be a way to give away a
thousand dollars again just an
experiment see what happens what kind of
reaction you get oh yeah the other crazy
cute conspiracy thing is that it's all a
big data mining operation and all he's
doing is trying to collect a name
to sell or something nothing like that's
happening alright I know bill personally
we've talked a million times before
before and during the internet
philanthropy has nothing to do with
George Soros has nothing to do with data
mining these are these are pretty crazy
things so I thought I would add my voice
to it in case anybody is wondering I've
looked at I've looked into it probably
more than most of you have and so I can
assure you that as far as I can tell
it's exactly what it looks like in the
surface a rich guy who wants to figure
out what the best way to give back and
he's experimenting if you don't like the
way it's gone
that's what experimenting means you know
there's no point maybe testing things if
you think it's going to work on the
first try or that it won't have any
problems on the first try
everything's got a risk everything's got
a problem so we're experimenting we'll
see what happens so what would be a good
alternative for giving away a thousand
dollars to somebody who could be helped
without causing other people to feel
like they're competing for it in in some
way that you should listen appropriate
so I will take your suggestions and then
we'll experiment see what we can do all
right he is giving is inefficient well
it depends what you think is the goal if
you think that the goal is for bill to
efficiently give away his own money then
I would agree that the Twitter stuff is
inefficient but that's not the entire
goal the giving the way you know his own
money I think he's he's sent a million
dollars he'll give away the giving away
of his own money is part of the larger
exposure to the idea of trying out the
model of internet giving trying to see
if it can become more viral and just see
if it becomes a more robust system so
the point event is growing his Twitter
followers so he has more of a footprint
more notice ability to make the
philanthropy more noticeable so that's
what I'm helping with and that's all
I don't get the problem it's like any
scholarship not everyone who wants one
gets it right you know this is more of
the it's it's one of the things that
makes me sad about human beings because
the people who are complaining about
this and I understand that you don't
want people who are struggling to have
to be you know like you know monkeys in
a cage you know dancing for a peanut or
something
and again remember I used monkeys in a
generic sense it does not refer to any
particular particular group anybody can
be monkeys in my world alright so so I'm
sensitive to that but if anybody has a
better idea I'd like to hear it alright
I'm going to tease something that's
coming up I will be involved in another
charitable giving and I'll tell you more
about that because you're gonna your
head will explode when you feel when you
hear who I'm what I'm doing it with and
I hope that's part of the fun all right
I'm just looking at your comments here
yeah you know the the ideal way to give
money and the way I've typically done it
be in in my own past is you know if you
have money a lot of people ask you for
it and there are some situations where
it makes sense but I prefer to give
money in a situation where somebody has
a temporary problem and they have a plan
so if they have a temporary problem and
they have a plan to get to their job or
you know they could go to a job
interview if they get this solved so if
they've got a plan then far more likely
to give it to them I'm less likely to
give money to someone who just can't
can't pay their bills all the time
because it's not going to make a
difference except for you know today and
tomorrow all right
medic
bill fund yeah we'll just find something
that's good leverage so let me maybe
maybe the way I'll do it is that I want
to look for the thing that has a
greatest leverage not the greatest need
but the greatest leverage there's the
small amount that could make the biggest
difference
so tweet at me if you've got an idea and
I'll think about this today and all I'll
tweet something later and that's all for
now and I will talk to you later