hey everybody
it's good to see you this morning and by
that I mean even better than usual and
that's a pretty high bar because I'm
always so happy to see you and today
you're probably here to enjoy the
simultaneous sip I mean why wouldn't you
it doesn't cost anything it's easy to
prepare for it makes your entire day
better it would be really insane not to
enjoy it isn't that right DJ doctor funk
juice I think you would agree and so let
us prepare all you need is a cup or a
marker glass a tanker chalice or sign in
the canteen injector flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure that dopamine
diddid the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous sip go mmm just as good as
I imagined if not better well let's see
what's going on today in the news there
was a big windstorm up in Oregon and an
Oregon man who was sitting on his couch
in his home was crushed by a falling
tree this ginormous tree that was near
his with like apartments fell over went
right through his roof and crushed him
as he sat there on his couch I think you
survived it looks like they got him out
but he was in bad shape the moral of the
story of course is you might as well get
off the couch because if Karma's gonna
come looking for you it's gonna find you
on the couch you can't hide on the couch
no Karma's coming for you now I don't
know that you did anything to deserve a
tree falling on him but let's assume he
did not it was bad luck Postell get off
the couch it's dangerous there
speaking of danger the corona virus is
spreading to other countries keeping us
panicked destroying the supply lines
internationally taking the stock market
now if I were a long-term investor I
would say to myself this coronavirus is
just what the doctor ordered because
there wasn't anything that was gonna
make the stock market go down just for
ordinary business reasons because the
economy was doing well you needed some
kind of an external shock to temporarily
drive the prices down a little bit and
then those of you who are thinking of
getting in for the long term might be a
good time so I'm kind of watching this
thinking to myself now this would be a
good time to load up on some of those
stocks I wish I had gotten earlier so
we're watching that now I don't know how
bad it would get if I had to guess I
would say that human ingenuity will will
work faster than the virus you can't get
rid of that but I think human ingenuity
and determination and cleverness will
probably get ahead of this thing but
we're not there yet there's a scary
story coming out of Iran that so
apparently an Iranian lawmaker who
represents the city of however you
pronounce q om qualms comb cub I have no
idea q om but there's a city with that
name in Iran and the guy who represents
it said that there had been at least 50
corona virus deaths in the city and
accused the country's Health Minister of
lying about the yellow break now let me
say this there's no such thing as
credible information coming out of a
rant and just in general you know if it
came out of Iran you've automatically
got to say well maybe but probably not
so can we believe this this mayor
because if we didn't believe him and why
would you lie of anything like that one
what in the world would this guy have to
gain by lying about it it's more like if
anything he might be just wrong perhaps
heard the wrong information but what if
he's right
if it's true that 50 people died in that
one city in just the last few weeks
we've got a real big problem on our
hands
like maybe bigger than we have any idea
but I ran the you know the larger
authorities are rejecting that and
saying there's been a total of only 66
coronavirus infections and 12 deaths
wait a minute
1266 Alexa what is 12 divided by 66 0.18
so let's say 18% so the authorities in
Iran are saying correct me if I'm wrong
but they're saying whoa whoa it's it's
not as bad as you think
only 18% of the people who got it died
in a few weeks
what 18 percent of them died now if
either one of these two reports which
disagree with each other is true this is
a way bigger problem than I was
imagining and that I was imagining it
was pretty big so can we believe me
there are those things that 18% of the
people in Iran died from it I mean if
that's true never leave the house again
but I don't know if it's true I doubt it
recently thanks to Chuck Schumer and I
will give him credit for this yeah the
Transportation Security Administration
the TSA it stopped allowing employees to
use the app tick tock now if you don't
have kids into your life you might not
know how big a deal the Tic Tac app is
but if you have kids you probably know
it's just gigantic and the kids are just
glued to it it's bigger than snapchat I
mean it's it's a really big deal but you
might not know about it if you don't
have kids in your life of a certain age
but a lot of adults are using it too and
here's the problem the it's a Chinese
company and here's the second problem
they ready for this so not only can a
China the government presumably get all
of your personal information because
it's a Chinese company and you assume
that the Chinese government can get
whatever it wants from any Chinese
company so this tik-tok app has got a
real problem but here's the other issue
when you sign up for a lot of apps they
will ask you for permission to control
your social media accounts now the the
reason that you think that is is so you
can more easily post your social media
tick tocks in other words you can make a
tick-tock and then easily post it to
Twitter with a few commands because
you've set it up to take care of that
for you but let me combine two stories
here and see what you think as you know
I had reported and lots of other people
reported that on Twitter people can
follow you and then for reasons that are
still a mystery you can get unfollowed
so the person who thinks they followed
you and succeeded they can tell because
time goes by and they see your tweets
and they know they're following you and
then suddenly they're just not they just
stopped now I personally asked Jack
Dorsey if there is an official
explanation
and it's been a few weeks I haven't
heard back here's my current hypothesis
and this ties into the tech dock thing
because I've communicated with Jack
enough of this very topic unless I'm the
worst judge of character in the world I
don't think he has any idea what's
happening and I'm really confident in
that opinion now I know I know what
you're thinking you're thinking well
anybody can lie and certainly there
would be an incentive if you know if
there were something there there's
somebody wanted to cover up but I'm a
pretty good judge of people I'm not
perfect
clearly I've made mistakes but if I'm
wrong about this I mean I would just be
amazed so here's here's what I know to
be true I know that it's happening
lots of people reporting it's happening
to them I can check it in real time I've
seen myself be unfollowed you know it's
it's just clearly it's widespread it's
clear it's obvious there's no question
no question that it's happening now what
are the possibilities behind it
well one is that it's some kind of you
know management of Twitter behind it I
don't think so
honestly they're not acting as if that's
the case it just doesn't seem like
that's I mean I suppose it falls into
the category of you know anything's
possible but I'm gonna rule it out I
don't think so I've seen the comments
somebody said Scott you sold out now
from your perspective that's actually a
pretty good hypothesis you know the only
the only source you have to know whether
I'd been co-opted or bought by you know
powerful forces is what I tell you I
can't tell you that they don't have
enough money to do that yeah I'm sure
that the social media companies have a
lot of money but they don't have enough
money to buy me off like this you know
there's nothing they
could offer be directly indirectly you
know in any form that would make me go
in public and say what I'm saying no
there's no amount of money that could
make that happen because I am already
rich right so I just I just wouldn't do
it it's way beyond my line so I think
you should find yourself some comfort
and knowing I'm not lying to you about
this topic yeah I hope you can believe
that
in my opinion Twitter is not lying to me
about it
meaning that I think they actually don't
know what's going on and it's been a few
weeks and if they knew they probably
would have gotten back to me so here's
my hypothesis it's a third-party actor
and it could be I'll just throw this out
there more than one third party it could
be that anybody who has control of an
app that asks people to give them
permission they might be taking
advantage of that and making a few
changes in your social media accounts
that you're not aware of could be
politically motivated maybe why wouldn't
they do that let me ask you this if you
were the nation of China and you knew
that you could change the social media
quite a bit by manipulating through
tik-tok the accounts of people who don't
really know necessarily that they gave
you that permission and you could just
sort of drop a follow here and you know
drop a retweet there that sort of thing
what would people think well any
individual would say huh looks like
there's some irregularities in my
account and then they would go trying to
figure out why and what would they do
they would hit a wall I imagine how much
access I have compared to just the
average twitter user right by being by
being a public figure it's now fair but
I have a lot more access what would you
do if you were just an average Twitter
user and you saw that you had been
automatically unfollowed I mean how
would you even follow up on it what
would you do tweet about it and there's
nothing you could do that's the end of
the line you would just sit
being frustrated you might complain
about it but that's it so if you were
China and you could massively change you
know who's following who who's seeing
what through the apps that you control
wouldn't you do it it's the sort of the
perfect crime I think you would now it
doesn't necessarily mean the tick tock
is doing it but there are lots of apps
that ask for that permission and so my
theory is that it's not Twitter
management it's definitely happening and
that it's third-party actors now it
could be intelligence agencies it could
be campaigns it could be other countries
but I think third parties are
manipulating your Twitter account and
you should go into your phone and look
for your permissions and get rid of any
of those permissions if you don't want
to be part of that alright I've got a
question for you can influence be
measured on social media and if so how
so for example there are people who have
very large social media accounts and if
they if they tweet something and it gets
a lot of retweets would you say that
therefore they are influential well
maybe but it could be just you know a
cute cat retweet it could be just a
celebrity Senate so people are
interested so I wouldn't necessarily
think that you could measure influence
directly by how many people watched it's
odd or tweeted it I mean certainly if
those are all factors but not alone I
would thank you that has something to do
with who is connected to whom and the
actual path that your tweets follow so
for example does anybody have a big
enough view of the social media
landscape that they could say you know
this person doesn't have that many
followers but every time this person
tweets something it gets picked up by
all these blue check influential people
so could you therefore say well
unrelated to the number of followers
this is an influential person probably
right
let's get rid of that troll
goodbye troll but there probably other
ways to measure such things so in other
words maybe you could measure the the
outcome of something maybe there would
be a way to measure poll results and
opinions before and after somebody's
involvement so I don't know how it could
be done but I suspect it could be done
somebody says lol are you referring to
yourself yes yes of course now if you're
new to this periscope you're not aware
that I'm a trained hypnotist I say it
way too often and I write I write on the
topic of persuasion so being a trained
hypnotist in a professional communicator
who specializes in influence as a sort
of a subspecialty wouldn't you expect me
to be more persuasive than the average
person
of course because practice works if
somebody plays the piano more than
somebody else
the person who practice the most all of
the things being roughly equal is going
to be a better piano player so there are
very few skills that are not influenced
by practice so since I practice and
study the field you would expect I'd be
more influential so shutting me down in
theory if I had an opinion that you
didn't want to spread in theory shutting
me down would be more more important
than shutting someone else down who was
more of a consumer less of a creator and
more of a consumer alright somebody said
there's a cove in tracker that will blow
your mind
at COV ID tracker I can't you can't
speak to that but apparently somebody in
comments as it will blow your mind
probably scare you alright so I'm glad
that our government is after that tick
tock app I think that is exactly the
right play they're studying it but the
thing they should study is that it gives
the government of China the ability to
change your Twitter account
that should be all you need to know it
would there be anything else you would
need to know to ban tick-tock right
shouldn't that be enough if the only
thing you know is that it's a Chinese
company the Chinese government of course
can get any data it wants from a Chinese
company we I think we'd all agree that's
just true and that they can if they can
change your Twitter account without
telling you those are all true right did
I say anything that's not objectively
easily true I don't think so so if the
government of China is controlling our
most important asset for election
integrity which is social media how do
you let the tick tack app continue to be
available in America or any other app
that does the same thing then also as a
foreign government that can control it I
think that's a no-brainer I think you
have to shut down that app sorry to all
the people who like it but there's no
way you can let the government of China
control your your American Twitter
accounts and that's exactly what's
happening Trump is in India with one of
his favorite leader buddies Modi they
get along really well and this is one of
those cases where I say to myself the
the Trump haters what did they say
when they watch Trump go to India and
being treated as a celebrity you know a
superstar they love him what what what
do people say about that because the
complaints against Trump fall into this
weird category of things that are hard
to measure so here are some of the
things that you hear about you know from
the anti-trump now they're running out
of complaints so they're getting wordy
they're just using words put together to
complain about something but if you
looked at the actual real real impact of
it there's nothing there so here's an
example they say that he is degrading
the office of the presidency I don't
know is he is he
degrading the office of the presidency
and if he did how much money did that
cost you did your taxes go up did you
lose your job because the president had
degraded the office of the presidency
what what actually is different all I
saw a lot of stuff that entertained me
and I'm sure that both sides think that
if the other side is in power they're
degrading the office of the presidency
it means absolutely nothing they also
say that we're the other president is
costing the United States
you know prestige and respect around the
world have you seen the film coming back
from India Trump just talked to a
hundred and ten thousand people in a
packed stadium cheering for him and
their own leader and we're talking about
you know trade deals and everything else
what what part of that looks like the
United States losing respect and if we
did what's that costing us did that hurt
our trade deals no did it did it make me
less healthy no did it do anything no
here's another one here's a he the
president is dangerously expanding the
powers of the presidency and he's
destroying our norms and conventions
okay and because my norms and
conventions got destroyed that did what
cost me money
I don't know how made me unhappy well
not if I say it clearly
obviously it's making some people
unhappy did it did it make me late for
dinner
nothing if they're just words they're
just words put together there's
absolutely no meaning to their
complaints at this point and one of the
things that I think escaped
you know much notice because it didn't
get talked about but might have been
really important for the people paying
attention
we watched Joe Biden who is not really
the the favored candidate by the
anti-trump left to press
we saw and I don't forget what it was
but somebody challenged Biden about the
kids and cages and there was somebody on
the left who said you know Obama built
those cages and he puts some kids in it
and then you had to watch Biden try to
explain why his administration putting
kids in cages it's so completely
different than the Trump administration
using the same cages on the same set of
the same set of laws and read rules
essentially there just happened to be
more traffic so there were more of them
now I feel as though putting them abided
in that position and making it so
visible for the first time kind of made
that kids in cages thing a little
toothless did that because once once it
became news on the left that they were
Obama cages well maybe they'll talk
about something else when they're
complaining right because we have this
problem of the the new silos everybody
on the right who is consuming Fox News
and Breitbart and those sources
everybody who was watching that news was
fully aware that these cages were built
and used by Obama and it wasn't Trump's
fault that there's more people you know
caravans etc who tried to come across
the border the Trump did everything he
could to discourage it I'm in fact no
president tried harder to discourage
kids from coming here because what are
we going to do we have to separate them
from the adults because we don't know
who the real parent is some of them are
too many of them are being trafficked
what are you gonna do so I think the
Biden candidacy had a weird effect of
making Trump look better and I don't
know that it's it's something that
people will recognize and they're
thinking I think it's just out there and
now the left's is that probably the
single biggest complaint about Trump
that really had an emotional pole was
those kids and cages stuff and it just
sort of fell apart when they looked at
the fact that Biden did the same thing
all right Mark Twain as a quote I like I
just saw it online those who don't read
the news are uninformed those who read
the news are misinformed so I guess it's
always been true you know we think fake
news is kind of a new thing but Mark
Twain was on it early so I guess the
administration is going to push the new
rules to say if you have a green card
you can't get welfare like services in
this country you have to be able to
demonstrate that you can you can support
yourself otherwise I guess you lose your
green card I think that's how it works
but this is another example which I
tweeted about this morning in which one
of the ways you could distinguish
Democrats and Republicans is the
Republicans are big on incentives so
they build systems that rely on people
having the right incentives often
selfish incentives but incentives that
are really the the energy behind the
system so capitalism of course is built
on incentives etc but Democrats seem to
see incentives as cruel meaning if
you're forcing somebody to do something
they didn't want to do or you're giving
a penalty for doing something such as
you know going to a country illegally
that you're just being cruel but are
those opposites I would say no I would
say they could both be true
incentives are cruel if you're not a
person who can easily get a job and work
in a capitalist society well your life
might not turn out so well it's very
cruel but it's also the only system we
know that that works as well as as as it
does so it could be cruel and kind at
the same time because it could be cruel
to individuals in certain situations
while still being the best solution for
the greater good and the long-term and
another way to look at this is the child
view versus the adult view
the child view is I walk candy well you
know adult says you should you know have
your dinner there's a nutrition wallah
don't eat candy and then the child will
hear all those good reasons and say but
I want candy I want candy so that's sort
of the the view that incentives are
cruel you know making people do things
or denying them services etc it's
definitely cruel if that's all you
looked at is the impact on the
individual but if you look at the system
it's the kindest system to the most
people even though individually it could
be quite cruel
so it's an adult view versus a child
view I'm getting increasingly frustrated
with Bernie and the people who want to
fix healthcare at being terrible at
making their own argument in fact they
are so bad that I wasn't entirely sure
what the argument was until today let me
see if you knew this and by the way at
least half of you are gonna say Scott
you idiot we knew that and anybody who
doesn't know that you're not paying
attention or you're not too bright but
let me get to confess I didn't know this
so this is part of Bernie's plan did you
know that in Birdy's plan where there
would be universal health care and all
yet all you'd have to do is go to
whatever doctor you wanted did you know
that you wouldn't lose anything you
already have in other words you would
just go to your same doctor except
instead of paying with you know one
insurance card you would just hand him
the government card but otherwise your
life would be the same now yeah I'm
looking at the comments somebody says
right they knew that and then the very
next comment is I didn't know that
didn't you imagine if you're consuming
just the media from the the right didn't
you imagine that Bernie was going to
blow everything up and it was going to
be some kind of government program but
indeed all this doing is getting rid of
some bureaucracy instead of these big
private
health insurance companies just the
insurance part about the healthcare part
but just the insurance part Birdy's plan
would make that industry just go away
which is a big deal if you're in that
industry obviously or you have stock in
that issue but he just making it go away
and he would replace it with a card that
you could just take anywhere go to any
facility make an appointment here's my
government card and get the same doctor
in the same services you would have now
did I not just explain that better than
Bernie ever has somebody is saying
that's BS we've heard you can keep your
doctors before no that was Obamacare
Obamacare was more restrictive Bernie is
now pushing Obamacare Bernie is saying
let's get rid of all this unnecessary
paperwork and an overhead and profit
from the insurance companies and how
about you can just go anywhere you want
and get any service that's available you
just have to make an appointment like
everybody else isn't that better than
the current system if if you were just
to consumer hearing it for the first
time here's another one you have heard
of course Bernie's saying that you would
you would pay for his universal health
care he would pay it by raising taxes on
billionaires and their financial
transactions now that's pretty good
alright if all he's doing is taking a
billionaire's hundreds of millions of
dollars financial transactions and
charging more well the billionaire is
making you know let's say the
billionaire makes 12% return instead of
18% return doesn't even notice it right
the billionaire can't even tell the
difference still a billionaire I made
12% this year instead of 18% because my
taxes were higher whatever it is so that
part of Bernie's plan I say to myself
that's not bad even if I were a
billionaire I don't know if I would
complain about that much because I
wouldn't know the difference
literally I wouldn't be able to tell but
then there's this other part that Bernie
completely screws the pooch on and
watching him do this wrong time after
time again
just makes me lose confidence in them
and I've said this before I say it way
too much because my book loser think is
entirely about this that if you don't
have experience in different domains
you've got some real gaps in your
ability to understand the world but also
in your ability to explain it to other
people I'm going to explain Bernie's
health care plan better than Bernie has
ever explained it and I'm a little
afraid to do this because I'm gonna
change your mind now that doesn't mean
I'll change you from not wanting
Bernie's health care plan to wanting it
but I'm definitely gonna change a lot of
your minds from that is crazy - oh I
didn't know that watch this so part of
the complaint about Bernie's plan is it
will raise taxes on the middle class and
even Bernie accepts that's true but he
waves his hand and says you know you'll
save some money in other ways
is that good persuasion yeah your taxes
will go up but you know I'll save you
money because your health care is free
is that good
well it's true it's true meaning that is
the plan he promotes let me give you
some numbers on it I just heard these
today for the first time so he wants to
add an extra 4% tax let's say you're a
middle class person and what you make
over twenty nine thousand dollars the
first twenty nine thousand dollars no
tax no extra tax on that and so let's
say you've got a middle-class family
that makes a combined a hundred thousand
dollars of income only the seventy
thousand of that would be taxed the four
percent so let's just say that it would
cost them twenty eight hundred dollars
extra in taxes but they wouldn't have to
pay their own health care anymore how
much were they paying well it depends if
it's me I'm paying something like
eighteen thousand dollars a year less
right because I'm a small business and I
pay my own health care if I didn't have
to I would save eighteen thousand
dollars now let's say I have a small
business and I was only making $100,000
a year I would save eighteen thousand
dollars but I'd have to pay 2,800 now
because every print every situation is
different you can't really take an
average for that can you because there's
they're no two people who have the same
you know write-offs and income and all
that stuff
but you should do it anyway Bernie
should just pick a number and do it
anyway and say something like yeah
you're gonna pay twenty eight hundred
dollars extra in taxes but I'm gonna
save you eighteen thousand dollars a
year if you're a small company now is
that true for your case probably not
because there are no two cases the same
but how much more persuasive is it to
say yeah I'll tax you twenty eight
hundred dollars a year more for if you
make a hundred thousand dollars from a
small business but you'll save eighteen
thousand dollars are you in
and oh and and but what about your
health care and then Bernie would say
exactly the same except less paperwork
so here is me selling Bernie's plan you
have exactly the same health care
services you have now you get rid of a
whole bunch of paperwork you might get
dental and envision on top of it and
you're gonna save something like six to
one now is that better did did I do a
better job of selling his plan that he
did yeah now the problem of course is if
you're a wage earner who has a private
insurance plan through your employer
your employer gets to pocket all of
those savings because your employer no
longer needs to offer her health care
it's optional they could just stop doing
it actually I think that it is plan they
couldn't do it so they would stop doing
it so your employer could be saving
millions of dollars and you're just
paying twenty eight hundred dollars more
in taxes do you think your employer
could get away with that if you worked
for a small company and you knew that
they had just saved millions of dollars
because they no longer have to pay
health care and they didn't give you a
raise you okay with that I don't think
you are okay with that I think they're
gonna give you a four percent raise
right away
because if they just if they just kept
the money you're gonna go to another
company and get the 4% raise from the
other company I think that the free
market would force companies to give
immediate raises to their employees so
that they can pay for the government's
extra taxes because the company just
just saves that money now they wouldn't
all do it but you can leave right it's
not easy to leave a company but you
could do it and I also asked myself what
would this do to competition if you
could more easily go to a different
doctor does it make competition worse I
don't know I'd have to see an argument
on that because imagine if you will okay
the current situation is let's say I've
got healthcare through Kaiser so it's a
HMO that's the healthcare that I use
right now if I wanted to get a second
opinion from somebody outside of my HMO
it's kind of a big pain I wouldn't know
where to go who to talk to how does that
work do I have to pay it in a pocket I
guess I do so I just don't do it
imagine if I had free health care and I
could go to any doctor I want it would I
get a second opinion from some unrelated
entity of course I went it's free why
wouldn't I yeah I get a second opinion
so as long as you're getting second
opinions and you're shopping
wouldn't Bernie's plan actually improve
competitiveness because doctors would
have to perform to get their share of
the of the customers that the government
would then pay for I don't know maybe it
makes competition worse maybe better I'm
not really so sure so my point is that
Bernie is just absolutely blowing just
as bad as you could blow it his argument
and he actually has a pretty good
argument it's a pretty good argument
he's just he's just not doing it right
but he but if he does I gotta tell you
if Bernie ever gets his healthcare
argument right he's going to say the
billionaires are gonna benefit the most
keeping everybody healthy because that's
the workers that they employ etc so for
the rich it's more like that's almost
like an investment they're better off if
the citizens have health care and then
you'd say the middle class you're going
to save more than you're gonna spend
boom that's it that's it you're gonna
save more than you spend and if your
company doesn't give you back a rebate
for all the money they spend well they
should and then what about the what
about the stimulation the stimulative
effect
Bernie should be saying that if I could
make all of these companies out there
have get rid of their health care costs
it's like a gigantic tax cut so in terms
of the companies that are already paying
for health insurance and wouldn't need
to it would be an enormous tax cut why
doesn't Bernie say that it would be an
enormous tax cut to companies that they
would probably pass along to their
employees because the employees would
demand it it wouldn't take long for them
to demand it the Union certainly would
right away
why doesn't Bernie sell it as a
stimulation as a economic stimulant
anyway my point is that everything he
does about this is bad persuasion and
he's still doing great
imagine if he started persuading
correctly he could probably take it all
the way there's a story about the
anti-trump press is saying that Trump is
creating lists of unloyal disloyal
people and so he can fire them and I'm
thinking to myself why is that a story
you know I think Trump was forced to
take a lot of disloyal people on his
staff because he didn't come to
government with tons of connections and
a network that he could just move in
there and there they're ready to go I
think he made a conscious decision to
keep a lot of never jumpers just because
they knew how to do the work and now
he's got some time to correct that and
so if he does how could we complain
about that every president has that
right
um let's see what else we got to go
around here did you know that the
Obamacare the ACA
reached its highest favorability this is
funny it's up to 55 percent favorable
now that's of course with the mandate
gone right I'm right about that right
the the the part that people hated the
most was the mandate and I thought that
when the mandate was taken away that it
was all supposed to fall apart because
it required the mandate to work but
somehow it's still working I don't quite
understand why it's not ready to
collapse but I guess it's not and here I
would like to give another periodic
shout-out and compliment to President
Obama President Obama who I've often
said is you know a gifted persuader
himself he said out loud and in public
that when Obamacare was being passed
he actually said it's a bad plan but the
real plan is to get the country a little
bit pregnant meaning that once we had
once we had better health care we would
never move backwards we would have to
fix it if it had flaws he said that
directly he actually said in public I'm
gonna give you a bad plan because then
your only choice will be to fix it and
it was the only way to get there it was
the only way to get there
and I thought to myself that's actually
really smart it's actually one of the
the best persuasion plays maybe you
could argue it's in the top three of all
time I mean it just so brilliant it's
invisible I mean if I didn't mention it
would you have ever heard that that
filter on it if I hadn't said to you he
intentionally and publicly said I'm
gonna do this poorly and now you
bastards are gonna have to fix it he
said that not in those words but he said
it as directly
is that you can you could hate your
healthcare you can hate Obama you can
hate you know hey whatever you need to
hate in this story but that worked it
was intentional it was brilliant
and it worked and now we're talking
about the Bernie plan I don't think we
would have if if that hadn't happened
now Bernie is getting a lot of heat from
the media on the right because he said
things that sounded like a partial
defense of Fidel Castro and his Cuban
Revolution now I just hate these stories
here's what basically Bernie said sure
Fidel Castro you know murdered people
and you know we condemned him for all of
his bad stuff so Bernie's not ignoring
the bad stuff you say yeah we condemned
it for all that but it's also true says
Bernie that he had a massive literacy
program and that that actually was good
so Bernie saying yeah yeah there was
some murder and abuse and all that stuff
that's real but there were also some
good stuff and why would you ignore why
would you ignore the good stuff now on
one hand I say to myself anybody should
be able to talk that way anybody should
be able to say well this person is bad
for this but you know a good on this we
should all be able to talk like that
without this happening with that was
somebody making it look like you were in
favor of the bad parts so I would say
it's it's despicable fake news coverage
to blame Bernie for the you know acting
as though he's praising a dictator when
he says indirect words on not if he says
indirect words I'm not praising the
dictator
why don't we believe that can't we
believe that I mean it certainly sounds
true why wouldn't it be
all right I tweeted about Bloomberg
today the company as well as the person
back in 2017 some of you saw it but
Bloomberg the publication sent a
reporter out to follow me around because
of course I'd been saying good things
about Trump and it was just a hippies so
it was clearly a design hippies now the
worst part about it and I put this
picture on Twitter is that the photo
they ran it was a big article you know
major piece and so the photo the the big
photo that was a half a page or a
quarter of the page showed me exiting my
garage in my house and a hat on the wall
on a hook that the way it was
photographed made it look like a maggot
hat it wasn't but that was the story
they wanted to tell they won't they
wanted to paint me as a maggot
hat-wearing guy now I've never owned one
and I if I had one I wouldn't wear it
and I would probably throw it away as
soon as I got it I have no complaints
with you wearing the hat for me I would
just consider it stupid because I would
be inviting risk that I didn't need and
if people are offended by the hat it's a
hat I don't care now if you want to if
you want to wear it to make a point
about a free speech I have no complaints
if you want to take that risk well I'm
not sure it's a wise choice but that's
your that's your choice to make so I'm
certainly not suggesting that you need
to do anything differently where you're
maggots do whatever you want it's a free
country and if you want to if you want
to assert your rights I'm with you
totally
I'm just telling you my personal risk
reward decision is I'm just not going to
bring a risk that has no reward the Hat
looks like one of those hats because
it's a take-off on that I forget what it
actually said but instead of make
America grade there was something some
profession it might have been like
security or data security or something
like that it was like make data security
great
again and somebody sent it to me I
didn't buy it and I thought I don't want
to throw away a hat so I put it on that
hook by my door in case I would need it
to go into my backyard and didn't have a
hat though I'll just my emergency backup
hat but look how how much of a lie that
photo told and of course the rest of the
story was just a hit piece but that
photo we used to say that photos don't
lie you know pictures don't lie but I
think it's more accurate to say that
they always lie because a photo is an
opinion by the photographer and in this
case in the editor deciding which
pictures to run so really that photo was
an opinion that you probably took as a
fact and you probably took it wrong
because you said to yourself if he
didn't read the article he say oh
there's that Adams guy he's a he's a
maggot hat-wearing guy and that would
put me in a in a certain class of of
people that I don't I don't I would now
put myself in I certainly would put
myself as a trump supporter but you know
wearing the hats and that's a different
lifestyle all right so here's my point
back in 2017 I don't believe that
Bloomberg the company did a hit piece on
somebody in the political realm unless
the boss was okay with it
either directly ordering it or at least
being okay with it as a concept so
Bloomberg Bloomberg the candidate has to
take responsibility for his company
publishing a hit piece on me wouldn't
you say I would say that that's the CEO
his responsibility because he sets the
tone and it's not like they they
recanted the article or anything it's
still there so here's my point
karma can be a now I don't know if
Karma's real or it just looks looks real
to us but in 2017 when Bloomberg the
company probably with some at least
understanding from the boss decided to
screw
me in public I wonder if they ever
thought it would come back and it costs
up anything because it's personal it's
personal to me I'm gonna do what I can
to make sure that Bloomberg does not get
elected and it's because it's personal
I'm not even gonna pretend it has
anything to do with the country I'm not
going to pretend it has anything to do
with politics I mean I'll talk about all
that stuff probably but it's personal
and we might find out how much influence
one person can have because I've already
described him Bloomberg as a desiccated
turd floating in your punch bowl but
wearing a tiny little suit yeah you can
see if getcha if I were somebody in the
political realm I wouldn't want to piss
off me if I pissed off a lot of other
people but I wouldn't want to piss off
me you know there are a handful of
people you don't want to piss off in the
social media media world I don't know if
I'm in that group but I'm pretty close
to it so you so I hope you enjoyed the
show I'm gonna make sure I do what I can
to destroy Bloomberg's reputation and
it's just payback it's just personal and
it's just payback and I won't I won't
even pretend to make you think it's any
kind of noble cause or anything like
that because it's not in my case
so that's full disclosure I was reading
a little bit more on that fake news that
we heard the other day that that our
Intel agencies are saying that Russia
wants Trump to get elected and of course
people in the meeting we're saying and
what exactly would be the evidence that
you know what Putin is thinking I mean
we maybe we can tell what they're doing
but can we tell what they're thinking
how do you know they're thinking they
want Trump to get elected and I was
reading the article of the New York
Times had an article about this and they
were saying that the those assessments
about what leaders of other countries
are thinking are more art and
science more art than science in other
words it's literally fiction it's art
it's just that based on fact it's based
on somebody's opinion somebody who just
happened to be in that field whose job
it was to look at this stuff
Oh somebody's opinion that the reason
events are going the way we're we're
seeing them is that they know what the
leader of Russia that they never met
they know what he's thinking now I can't
think of I mean I suppose you have to do
that because you you have to make
assumptions about their intentions but
how accurate are they it can't be that
much better than guessing and and one of
the biggest problems in the world that
we see it over and over is people
imagining that they can know the inner
secret intentions of strangers we're
just not good at that
and I don't think our intelligence
agencies are better I mean you'd you
would hope that they'd be better but
there's no evidence of that there's no
evidence that our intelligence services
understand the motivations of anybody
none there's no evidence of that and yet
we're making major you know global
decisions based on somebody sitting in a
room saying you know based on this
information I think that Putin what he's
secretly thinking is man we got it we
got to stop doing that
because we can tell what people are
doing can't really tell what people are
thinking and I'll say it again if if if
the alleged plan that Putin is pursuing
which is to damage our democracy and
weaken our country as much as possible
if that were a good idea or a good
strategy for Russia wouldn't everybody
be doing it right and there's something
wrong with this story because whenever
there's something that works and it's
sort of public doesn't everybody start
copying it
I mean if Russia can destroy our
democracy with all these little tricks
and literally nothing happens but some
sanctions they don't care about
wouldn't other countries be doing this
like crazy or are they why are we only
talking about Russia
where's where's China in this
conversation where's Cuba what about
Cuba yeah wooden Cuba be trying to
interfere with American elections or are
they I know maybe they are but this
focus on Russia just leaves this
gigantic unanswered question which is
does Putin have an internal thought that
messin with the United States works for
Russia in ways that we don't understand
because I don't see how it could
possibly be a good idea in the long run
and the short run maybe but in the long
run it just looks stupid and then why
don't other countries copy this this is
such a great idea
or are they I know we don't hear about
it all right I think that's all I had
for today and that's plenty
don't you think I'll talk to you
tomorrow