buddy come on in it's time for the
evening edition of no cause I told you
before this little lockdown started
disaster be wasted
of course that's still the saying in the
books but how many of you took it to
heart so I had a few objectives for this
lockdown one was I was going to learn
some new skills
now I'd been already practicing the
jobless but I wanted to see if I could
take it to another level and I was
working on my biceps which somebody
asked me if it was photoshopped so I
just decided to focus some of that's one
body part because I've never had a good
buy sent so it's not like everything
else is good but I thought hey I'm gonna
have 60 days locked up I'm gonna have a
biceps when I get out so I did that and
most of you know that I put my content
of the locals platform so there's a
subscriber or platform I've got lots of
different stuff there that's like a new
line of business in a sense and I hope
that all of you are doing something
similar
I am I mentioned it on on Twitter so
somebody says we built the house very
good learn to cook
well that would be good if you did that
so all of you should try to commander
this with a skill the the earpods are
connected or these they should be you
could all hear me right so I left the
ABS go to hack because Cristina actually
likes me heavier which is very
convenient so she actually asked me to
gain weight so give up a little on the
ABS to give a little bit on the arms see
what that looks like a while try it out
so here's my advice to you here's the
little life advice and I know most of
you already do this but all I'm gonna
add to what you already know to do it is
how extreme to do it and one of the
reasons that I took up the drums
especially later in life is that I have
absolutely no musical ability whatsoever
so the first thing I can do by taking
drums is I could fill in a you know
blank spot in my social you know
understanding of things which is a
little bit about how music works which I
never had any interest in before
secondly my fiancee Christina is a
gifted musician and they gives me
something to talk about and you know we
can compare notes of musical things and
it's like a whole new topic of things to
talk about so that's fun too
but actually the biggest reason that I
did this is still the kind of my
dexterity just you know my actual
coordination and to exercise the part of
my brain that I'd never exercised before
so this is another lifelong practice but
if there's a part of your brain that you
don't use just sort of excited a little
bit and so this is completely a sign of
my my talents out of my experience out
and that's part of what's appealing
about it so it keeps me sharp makes me
learn a new thing keeps me interested
and the other big benefit
and I talked about this with skill
stacking is if you add two skills
together it's more than just twice as
good to add that second skill because if
sometimes makes you think of new
connections that you wouldn't have
thought of before now one of the things
I wanted to explore is the connection
between music and persuasion it should
be no surprise to you that music can be
persuasive because it can literally
change your mood and it can do it in the
moment so since music is persuasive but
if you don't let's say control that to
manage it it's persuasive randomly could
you learn something by learning music
that would have some crossover with
persuasion now these are exactly the
kind of things you accidentally discover
when you start layering skills on which
is really what does cooking you have to
do with mountain climbing and then
suddenly there actually is something in
common I can't think what that would be
right now but you get you get my point
so here's the theory that I've been
working on by the way when I when I
learn a new thing like this unless I'm
doing it for money and I'm really
serious about getting to that you know
confidence quickly I prefer to learn it
as in efficiently as possible
and I know that sounds weird but rather
than get an instructor you know
obviously I could pay somebody to sit
next to me I would give better faster
but I don't want to do that I want to
just learn the rules which is this is
how you read the sheet music and I want
to know you know how to hold the sticks
what everything sounds like and the
basics but after that I want to sort of
figure it out myself
you know there's layers and layers and
layers of drumming you see the seemingly
infinite layers of things that you
wouldn't even know are things you know
just the technique and how to play in
ways that make you feel different things
and cetera and so here's what here's
what I'm finding
I'm finding that I think there's
something about pattern and then
disruption of pattern that is very
related to persuasion and I don't quite
have a working theory of this but it's
something like this that your brain is a
pattern recognition machine and so music
has a very special hook to your brain
because music is pattern and if it were
not patterned you would not recognize it
as music so you've got a pattern
recognizing machine and then you've got
this sort of input which is the music
and I think I'm just working on this
sort of very early hypothesis it seems
as though there's something about your
brain recognizing there's a pattern and
and then having it violated and then
wanting a pattern again and just as you
wanting it becomes back so there's
something about teasing you with
repetition mixing it up and then teasing
you back with Grandpa Titian so it's
sort of like getting you in the groove
mix it up get you back in the groove mix
it up indeed drumming is exactly that in
fact there are two parts of drumming and
there are exactly those two things
there's so I got your attention so
attention is almost entirely a violation
of pattern because you can't pay
attention to everything in your world
you you just get used to the pattern oh
my chairs always there the ladies enter
the floor is there so it's the
violations the pattern I get your
attention and therefore music has those
two parts so the other part this luck
the repetitive be
so this is a better debate it's called
FIS that's where you break the pattern
[Music]
now it turns out that the Phils
could be just about anything and that
was one of the things that was hardest
for me to learn because I thought ok
tell me the rules for the fill and my
drum teacher was like well you can do
this with that and I'm like okay I could
do those things but what's the rule you
know is it always three do you have to
use a certain set of troubles at the
certain order it turns out there's just
no rules as long as you keep the timing
of the music so you have to stay with
the timing otherwise any of this is real
I mean this is a really a connection
between persuasion and pattern
recognition music I don't know but I
know that it's fun to think about and
there are thousands of connections that
you don't expect they can hit you at any
moment
let's talk about things that are
happening I know the best dad joke on
the Internet today
do you know Paul Graham founder of Y
Combinator very smart successful
investor type and he tweeted this he
said I got a haircut just before
quarantine started but I'm starting to
think I should have gotten to pump now
you'd recognize that is sort of a dad
joke and I don't think he was trying it
trying to make it anything else I'm a
big fan of dad jokes I think it's a
genre and as long as you know that's why
you're getting same with puns right
you know puns are some say the lowest
form of humor but if you know that's
what you're doing
you know that's your genre
yeah that could be fine so here's my
point
the joke is funny for this rule that I
keep teaching you and every time you see
another example of it in the lab it'll
be more real to you and it's this is the
thing that makes something funny usually
there could be exceptions to this but
it's like the most the closest to a
universal rule of humor is something
that almost makes sense but dozens in
other words your brain wants it to make
sense but it knows it doesn't and it's
tries to reconcile it and that little
that little disconnect between it making
sense almost but not is what causes your
your reflex the laugh reflex so that's
why the Paul Graham Java works so well
because there's there's like a broken
logic to it it's like well yeah if if
you need twice as many here because the
ones you just get them in advance
oh wait that's or yeah and so when you
realize that doesn't work that's laughs
I wouldn't argue and I have before that
politics is largely replacing humor for
as an entertainment source so there used
to be more humorous movies and TV shows
but they've largely been replaced by
reality but not every reality not
everything is funny but the reason that
trauma is so hilarious to some of us
those of us those of us who can't it's
funny to those of us who were not afraid
of them basically so if you if you get
that you're in on the joke he's among
the joke he knows other people know he's
in on the joke and the joke is on other
people if you get that it's hilarious
but here's why it works when when Trump
calls George Conway moonface it just
shouldn't be happening right yeah your
your understanding of the world is
suddenly broken it's like he's the
President of the United States
and he just called somebody Mugu face in
public
wait we're not done yet it happens to be
the husband of one of his closest
advisors and then your brain just goes I
don't know what I'm seeing my brain
can't make sense of the fact that he's
trashing the husband of one of his
closest longtime advisors Kellyanne and
he's not being supposed to be calling
people good face and none of it makes
sense
and then you laugh so the reason that
Trump has replaced humor is that he
breaks logic all the time he just does
what you're not supposed to do and I
frankly find that hilarious but I do
understand two other people are troubled
by it I've never seen the show
eep-eep it was Julie we try to us and
she she played on the show time I think
for HP I forget show time she played a
vice president and it was a comedy but a
running joke through the entire series
which was quite great by the way if you
get a chance to binge watch it totally
worth it but a running joke this issue
was a female vice president and she
swore like a wounded sailor and as she
would swear in like ways that you didn't
even know it could be done like even
things that I've never thought of you
know curses that I don't know if they
made up in the writing room or I just
haven't been on a merchant seamen ship
or something and I haven't been exposed
to apparently all of the all of the
filthy things that you can stay when
you're bad but that's what made the show
work because again it didn't make sense
like why is why is a person with that
job talking like that so look for that
when you're trying to be humorous
yourself alright laughing again at the
president's deft move on this
coronavirus task force thing so you know
the back story he said he wanted to
spend it maybe at the end of the month
there was a big outcry because people's
know your you know you fool the task
forces all we have and yeah we need that
give us that task force now of course it
was never as if the functions were gonna
go away it wasn't as if now she was
gonna stop answering phone calls you
know I think everybody probably still
gets paid about the same as whatever
they were doing before but they would
just you know would have presumably been
distributed to other areas and then kept
doing what they're doing but there was
no crime so the president is all this
criticism for maybe ending the task
force and what does that magnificent
best to do and you can hit him all you
want for any number of other reasons but
what he does stuff like this you just
have to shake your head and say I didn't
even see that coming i I did not see
that play he decides when they ask him
about it
then he'll reinstate the task force but
wait for it this is just this is just
the best thing ever
he decides he's gonna be in state the
task force but he may change the people
on it over time
okay that makes sense it's still the
same task force even if you exchange
some people here they're right fair
enough and then he adds that their
mission will change to more more about
opening up the economy now if you
haven't caught this move what exactly is
a task force if not the people and the
and the mission that they have and he
just said I'm gonna give the task force
back to you the only thing that will be
different are the two things that make
it a task force which is who's on it
potentially anyway and you didn't say it
was going to remove everybody but but
that's like the main thing who's on it
and what's the mission that's what makes
the task force so he's basically said
yeah I'll give you what you want and
that he has the complete option to
change it and he just told he was going
to so but it gets better
this is the Deaf to move he framed it
as like they're so popular he just his
word popular they he brought them back
and I'm glad this work like an encore of
a popular of a popular act and I thought
to myself oh my god that's so good
they were so popular that he decided to
bring them back for an encore that is
really good isn't it
when you would would you admit that that
is simple framing no I didn't make a
mistake
you know I'm correcting it because
everybody told me I was dog because that
easily is what their frame would have
been he's like now I was so popular man
I had no idea how popular I saw growing
back for an encore I think you have to
appreciate that all right um here is my
pattern argument for why I think we
should not rely on testing to save us
and it goes like this and these are
rules you've heard before for me but now
I'm gonna ply into the situations you
see how they work
one is that whenever you have a
situation where there's a huge upside
potential gain if somebody does
something let's say illegal or shady
there's a huge amount to gain usually
money and there's lots of people
involved that could all take advantage
of the same opportunity so you don't
have to worry about maybe there's one
honest person because there's so many
people as somebody it's gonna take
advantage of it cuz it's a big upside
and then here's the key almost no
chances of going to jail when you have
that situation huge upside less people
involved no chance of going to jail you
always have fraud not sometimes not that
one time always so that's my rule now
look at the situation where the
government was trying to get all these
100 or so different testing companies
and manufacturers to tell them the truth
what they could and could not do and the
government sorta had to believe them
because it wasn't that much they could
check so what do you think those hundred
companies have promised do you think
that they promised what they actually
thought they could do
or did they exaggerate a little bit like
ten times as much as they could probably
do because there was no penalty and
whoever said that they could do the
biggest number what's gonna get the most
attention so if you thought you could do
10,000 units a month you'd be dumb not
to say a hundred thousand say yeah we're
positive we can do ten thousand but you
know I'm very confident we can get to a
hundred thousand a little rabbit right
out there even if you don't know how you
do that the only thing that makes sense
is to promise it because suppose you
don't deliver well then you're still
sold and that was leaving us a month
you're still ahead and you could
probably got more attention because for
a while they thought you were gonna make
the best so you go like to the top of
the list to get funded because you're
bigger the bigger ones would get more
funding so of course if there's a
hundred percent chance that there's
massive fraud in what these companies
told the government they could do
because why wouldn't they there's no
penalty all they have to do is say we
tried I mean I swear I thought we could
do a hundred a thousand we we just hit a
roadblock huge upside no downside lots
of people involved no way the government
got good information from that good next
the public is largely confused by what
the politicians and experts have been
telling them about the test the bit
confused because there are different
kinds of tests they used for different
purposes so dull it all ends up sounding
like one big thing and then when the
president says stuff like all the states
have sufficient testing to accomplish
phase one that sounds to you you're on
critical braking it sounds like okay
they've been working hard to get testing
and now the federal government is saying
that there is enough testing for phase
one why wouldn't there be enough testing
and pretty soon for Phase two because it
sounds like they've got things rolling
now right this is what your brain to say
and so probably probably we have either
very
or maybe the tests we need to test our
way out of this because we've heard that
testing is the key right all the smart
people say so must be true
but here's what you miss and it took
Bill Gates to explain it for me to say
oh god is that what's happening it goes
like this if you're gonna try to test
you away an event as opposed to simply
you know doing what you can in the hot
spots it's very different trying to test
your way out of something is a lot of
testing and here's the key it has to be
almost immediate and people have to be
able to get two or three tests you know
even if they don't have symptoms so if
you want to test you way ahead of it
you're talking twenty million tests a
day or something like that
and they all have to be the instant kind
we don't have anything like that what we
have is the bare minimum the somebody
can get tested they mail it away three
days later it might come back in the
meantime you walk around and you maybe
just probably get oh I guess you should
have been quarantine three days ago now
I'm sure there are other ones to deliver
faster but don't be fooled because test
does not test there's all these
different ones there's a serology the
testing for the antibodies are
completely different tests than the
others
so there's that and here's that here's
the other way you know the testing will
that get us to the other side you've got
50 governor's smart people Democrats
Republicans and you got tons of leaders
the president task force you know lots
of experts here's something that none of
them are telling him no no well they're
not saying I'm not saying it's there's
truth they're not telling you this it's
that has any governor said for example
if we just wait X number of weeks
whatever X is by then we'll have all the
testing we need to be able to really
test everything and then just test our
way out of this thing and do the contact
tracing with
of course so has anybody said and
remember there's 50 governors all these
experts is president there are a lot of
people who should know how close we are
to having enough tests to test our way
out as opposed to just test a few people
who come into the office which is good
enough for the phase one the reason that
nobody has said you know you idiots if
you just give us two more weeks we'll
have all the tests we need is because
nobody has any idea that that could
possibly happen we are not close to
let's say the Bill Gates described
standard of being able to test so much
that you can actually get on top of the
virus and really basically just beat it
we're not even close nor will we be
close is very unlikely in my opinion now
none of us know what we don't know so it
could be that there might be there might
be some kind of company that's in a
garage that's just invented something
that will ramp up like crazy maybe but
we don't know that so if you don't know
that magic will happen somebody suddenly
appears and solves your problems you
can't really make it a planning the so
ben shapiro had this very well-written
tweet i think i mentioned this before i
tweeted it in which he was describing
the fact that we have no note
articulated plan now i would say we do
have an articulated plan in the sense
that when you don't articulate anything
different status quo this kind of plan
yeah and and venues the the literary
term deus ex machina i think it's
pronounced markovin it's not mushy not
write deus ex machina now somebody will
correct me in the comments but it's a is
a greek or latin latin or greek which is
it but it's an old saying from the old
days of plays when they were bad at
writing plays so he says greek so
let's say it's Greek and they write
these Greek plays and the stories were
totally written so that they get to the
end of the play and the hero had a
problem that just couldn't be solved and
there was nothing that happened in the
place so far they can sort of you know
help that happen so the device that they
use the writing device so it looks like
it's Latin but maybe maybe use used by
the Greeks either so the the mechanism
the writers used is this deus ex machina
which was basically God from the machine
is what it means and basically it would
just some super character would just
appear at the end who had nothing to do
with a story up to that point and we
just solved the problem and and so in in
modern-day script writing it would be
considered a an obvious writing mistake
to require a deus ex machina machina at
the end because that means you wrote it
so poorly you couldn't solve it solve
the story without introducing a new
character at the end which is just lame
right yes I have the magic person who
appears as the act so that's what Ben
was making that comparison to art a
corona virus plan and I liked it it's a
good one except not everybody knows one
that journeys and it's good because what
exactly are we counting on there will be
any different than today what would be
different tomorrow from today we won't
have a vaccine tomorrow we will doesn't
seem to be any therapeutic that's gonna
blow us away because we would know about
it if there were any of the know how
many therapeutics are being tested if
any of them were like really good we
would totally know about it and they
would have already stopped the tests and
it would be a big news story so you can
be pretty sure that none of them are a
homerun maybe some of them reduce virus
or something you saw in the room den
severe doesn't even change your your
death rate I mean
that's not much of a therapeutic so
anyway I think that the plan at this
point is that we will gingerly tiptoeing
into the next few weeks see what happens
and herd immunity is the play but I
don't think anybody in government can
say that out loud right they really
can't say out loud well no we're gonna
we're gonna see if everybody just said a
lot of people will die
so intruder alert
yeah there's Snickers she's outside
though
all right the APIs make my hands moving
so fast
somebody says just a hoax anyway right
well nobody ever said that crow virus
was a hoax except the people who thought
it was like the virus like the regular
flu I think everything is there anybody
who still thinks it's only like the
regular flu now that we know that the
regular flu was never never 50,000 or
80,000 a year that's what was just made
up that the actual real number of people
who died from the flu the regular flu
basically close to the zero a thousand
here is it if your dog is barking back
all right so you buddy have any
questions I want to see if my ear buds
work for this let's see if alex has a
question Alex you are gonna be surprised
by suddenly being connected to the world
Alex
good how are you I didn't have a
question I love all their periscopes and
kinda gives me a little bit of faith in
humanity when
I get to see your smiling face two times
a day well good thanks for saying I yeah
thank Scott encourage you all to take
this opportunity to do what you can to
improve your skills water meter is still
at 200% think about this what is
president Trump's one area where he
actually beats Democrats every time
what's the one thing he beats Democrats
at every time handling the economy right
it's the one thing that forever people
is in I we don't like this we don't like
that but you know it's actually pretty
good for the economy and if over the
next few months the way it looks like
it's gonna gather is the president will
be busy himself trying to ramp up the
economy he's really going to be in a
sweet spot if you think about it because
I don't think anybody will blame him for
ruining the economy he's not going to
take the hit for that but people are
going to say to themselves who do I want
to revive this thing you know if I've
got to do CPR in this economy who do I
want to do that do I want the guy who's
done it before who knows that ever
breathed energy into it into a thing or
do I want the guy who needs CPR himself
if you know what I mean now I have any
of you yeah it's the economy so if you
just straight line this out
which is a huge mistake right if there's
anything you would ever learn that
making a straight line that prediction
is just just because there are too many
things will change in a complicated
situation and so the slaughter meter is
a dumb measurement because it imagines
nothing will change but of course it
will nobody saw the coronavirus cutting
right so it isn't useful for prediction
but it's sort of a fun device
say if everything went like this how
would it end and I would say that given
that we're not going to want to play
around with the economy the voters are
gonna have a strong preference for the
person they trusted the most and they
might put everything else off I mean I
think the voters are to say you know in
a normal situation I'd be caring about
you know this this and this this and
this and this but at the moment I really
care about the economy and if we don't
get that fixed all the other stuff is
going to break so it's going to turn out
to be basically a one variable election
yeah I'm exaggerating but you know what
I mean it's gonna come down to who can
handle the economy best and if if Trump
does boost the stock market you know
another say another 10% by November it's
it's just it's a base clearing homerun
because nobody is gonna want to take a
chance on ruining the economy when they
just have a little taste of what that
feels like yeah they're there their
appetite for risk is going to be very
long all right planned emic yeah I've
been trying to ignore there's some plan
Demick thing people keep sending me and
I know it's stupid so I don't look at it
but I know I'll have to because
everybody's gonna have school better
Duke you prediction for a quick recovery
I do not but here's what I here's what
is so different about this situation I
called my like local bike repair store
and I wanted to get a chain put it on a
bike and bike stores bike repair stores
are open because they're that are
essential
this is transportation and I thought I
could take my bike in and maybe get a
new Jana and turns out that the wait the
wait time at my local bike repair is two
months they have so much business and
that I said well do you have any you
know certain kind of bike I was
interested in
and they're like we have like milk into
the inventory they sold all the damn
bikes and they've got a two month
waiting list for repairs and how many
other companies are in their situation
because there must be a whole bunch of
startups that made money they mixed they
make things for coronavirus testing or
whatever
everybody makes paper products a lot of
the grocery business amazon.com made a
killing door - probably did well so it's
a weird kind of economic problem in
which some number of people just did
better which is I don't think that's
ever happened before right
you have whatever had a severe economic
downturn including the depression in
which is something like half of the
people made money right because all the
people who just got their regular
paycheck but they had to work at home or
whatever that's a lot of people you know
fortunately it's a lot of people if they
got the regular pay and they didn't
spend any money for three months so
there should be a lot of spending coming
back online
faster than we've ever seen it happen
before so I'm very much in the fast
recovery camp
somebody in there comment says that to
me says that he sells hot tubs and
they'll all sold out they're waiting for
and waiting for the factory to make more
yeah so I mean Netflix doing great I
mean it there's just a lot of people who
made it money I wasn't one of them like
yeah I'm getting I'm getting pretty well
beat up in this but I'll be finding
Laura so we just hired a tree service
yeah all right so I think the economy
will come back fast as my guest and I
think about how much money Walmart made
somebody said yeah how much money did
Walmart make think about that all right
so he says do I have any ghosts UFOs or
paranormal stories yes I do
would you like to hear a good paranormal
story before bed I know that I know you
do I know you do
all right here he goes when now is
studying to be a hypnotist those in
early 20s and there was somebody in the
class who was also studying to be a
hypnotist who said that she was a
psychic and then she did psychic
readings and she could see the future
now of course I'm pretty skeptical God
so I bet you are no I don't want you
come over make some predictions we'll
see how you do now my excuse was that my
my hypnosis professor if you could call
Matt and told us that one of the types
of people you can identify that tend to
be good subjects for hypnosis are people
who claim to be psychics they said he
didn't know why it's just something you
noticed of time there's something
claimed to be a psychic
they could be hypnotized very deeply
very quickly
it was just anecdotal so I said hey well
you know teacher says that works
you say you're a psychic once you come
over I'll practice on you I'll hypnotize
you and bring your tarot cards so she
brings four tarot cards over to my place
and do a little test so she was on the
other side of rhythm smallest room when
she's on the other side there's nobody
else there yeah it was just my own place
nobody else there for sure and her eyes
are closed and she's laying on her back
on the other side of the room right so
she can't see anything if she did I'd
know she'd have to turn toward me to see
my direction and I said I'm gonna pick
some cards end of your tarot deck
shuffle I'll pick them and you tell me
what card I picked and so she's all
right so I picked a card and you know I
forget the the weird little tarot cards
and it's like that you know jokers are
doing this or something you doing this
so anyway I picked the card and I said
what card am I did I pick and she
describes a big great detail the wrong
car so I thought I'd do it fraud fraud
fraud but I didn't tell her she was
wrong I just said all right we'll do
another one so I said how about another
one describe this one and she describes
it again with great confidence but wrong
I like are overdue I depict five cards
in a row
she got all five of them wrong so
there's no such thing as psychics right
but here's the thing
she got all five of them right just out
of order not making it up she got all
five right but out of order and I would
send me whatever cards in the tarot deck
now I don't know what the odds of that
are what did the odds of that pretty
darn low all right so that I started
regressing her to her previous life now
I don't believe in prior lives I'm just
gonna tell you the story
so she described in detail one of her
prior lives and she was a guard at a
world war ii concentration camp and in
her hematite estate she she knew who she
was but she didn't know her own name or
what she looked like
but she knew she had some kind of ID or
photo or something so in her hypnotized
day she pulled out the you know the
photo and the ID and described in detail
who she was in the world war two now you
know it's not like I believe that I'm
just saying what she said
and so I I led her through a number of
questions about the psychic state she
explained that she got the cards out of
order because in the psychic state she
can't tell the difference between things
that are going to happen and things that
have already happened
it's a less interesting I mean it's kind
of complicated for for a psychic I
suppose that gives her more ways to be
right but her story was that time
doesn't exist in the psychic realm so
what has happened and what will happen
that's all the indifference we
recognized but she didn't okay sure
whatever so I started to ask you a few
more questions he's got kind of excited
and asked her about Atlantis and she had
an answer to that and I didn't let her
finish an answer I sort of talked over
her you've probably seen me do that with
my guests on here I'm sort of an
interrupter and I interrupted it and
then she said slow him down and I said
who are you talking to and she said your
spirit guide now here's the funny thing
as soon as she said slow him down and I
recognized that she was talking to
someone else in the room I felt every
goose bump and every hair in my body
just went boring and I could feel an
entity behind me a benevolent entity and
she described my my my spirit guide she
called it and she described it as
someone who is present and had been with
me a long time and was very fond of me
and considered me the AE I think a young
soul and so as an old soul my spirit
guide was you know trying to give me a
little boost and here's the funny thing
the moment she said that my spirit guide
was in the room
I had a vivid memory of a dream or was
it that I had when I was maybe 10 years
old I was in my bunk bed top bunk
and I rolled over in bed middle of the
night so that I was facing out toward
the room and I
feel a presence and I opened my eyes and
they're right in front of my face was an
old man's face you know an old man
standing there just right in front of my
face
and of course my eyes went wall strange
old man in my bedroom and as I watched
him and it was not scary
he was benevolent and he faded
while I watched and just disappeared
years later when the psychic said that
my spirit guide was in the room that
picture I'd know her
popped into my head and I connected
those two stories and I said to myself I
don't believe any of this stuff but if I
do have a spirit guide I think I've
already met her and that was probably
the freakiest thing that ever happened
to me now after this because I could
actually feel the presence after this
she made a number of predictions she
told me when my car would break down and
it did how do you predict when
somebody's car was gonna break down I
mean cars can go pretty far without
breaking down could have been a
coincidence then she then I told her I
was gonna play soccer and she told me I
was gonna get in the injury and I was
like oh don't say that and by the way
I've been playing soccer for years and
years and years and never had a knee
injury so would be pretty weird if this
was like the one day I and I got a knee
injury
now did I get a knee injury because it
was in my head and I did something to
cause it may be could be could be but
this was one of the many experiences I
had on my journey to understanding our
reality in terms of filters I'd no
longer believe that we humans evolved to
have the kind of brains that could
understand reality because we never
needed to we could all live in
our own reality you can believe the site
was real I can believe you if she wasn't
and yeah our lives are exactly the same
so we can live in different realities
there we know this for sure because it's
happening right now
and so I don't look at that and say it
was true or it wasn't true it was a
filter if it had predicted what was
going to happen and indeed it did on
several occasions she accurately
predicted things that were seemingly
unlikely maybe not that unlikely maybe
she was just good at doing a cold read
so I can keep my filter which is that it
was probably LA or maybe it's maybe i've
selective memory about a minute it was
coincidence I can keep that and she can
keep hers that it was every bit of it
was real and we can live in the same
world so if you release on what is true
which is really hard because you have to
essentially subjugate your own ego
because your ego wants to know that you
figured it out your ego wants to feel
like yeah I know reality these other
people don't these clowns are they're
all confused than me yeah I figured out
reality so you have to give you ego out
of the way to finally understand you
don't know anything about anything but
sometimes a filter is more predictive
than another one and that's the best you
can do so that is the thought which I
don't leave you with today and and I
will see you in the morning tonight
you're gonna have an amazing night of
sleep really one of the best maybe not
the best but a really good one oh maybe
not every one of them but many of you
who are gonna have a great night tonight
so relaxed feeling optimistic things are
heading in the right direction I'm gonna
leave you with that thought see you in
the morning